-----
--- 72983865
> Be me, the most fucked up degenerate obsessed with circumcision and cumming
> Fucking parents decided to hack off my foreskin like they're goddamn butchers
> Now I'm left with this sad excuse of a cock that can't even feel shit properly
> Spend my pathetic life hearing about other fuckers and their mind-blowing, transcendent orgasmic experiences
> These assholes probably experience multiple orgasms while my dick is left to suffer in numbness
> Found out my lost foreskin might be smeared on some rich cunt's face as a luxury facial treatment
> I'm stuck with a mutilated, pleasureless cock while these fuckers bask in the glory of my foreskin
> Join the most degenerate group of anti-circumcision dickheads, all of us obsessed with our missing foreskin
> We bitch and moan about our fucked-up lives and the injustice of being robbed of our orgasmic potential
> My entire existence revolves around the fact I'll never experience the mind-fucking, soul-shattering, godlike orgasms these lucky pricks brag about
> My life is a cesspool of degeneracy, self-pity, and unfulfilled sexual fantasies
--- 72983902
>>72983865 (OP)
as an uncutcel all i have to say is that every woman I've been with have made fun of me and my tiny uncut dick.. comparing it to an anteater or a pushpop. I've had one recoil just from retracting it while giving a handjob ans telling me she just couldnt do it. I'm a KHHV virgin loser al because my parents didnt circumcise me and it's become a fetish at this poinr, I'm into SPH with circumcised superiority and uncircumcised humilation. It's all I can ever cum to and I think back to the times women have made fun of me... i now understand my place in the sexual hierarchy. Circumcised men are more cleaner, decreasd risk of stds and looks normal.
--- 72983940
just look at it, it's so much prettier than my tiny anteater cock...
--- 72984241
I can't believe that america still mutilates people.
--- 72984568
>>72983865 (OP)
get revenge on your parents then kill yourself in minecraft
--- 72984829
one up them, nothing can compare to H
you will be the most hedonistic lucky prick out there
--- 72985278
>>72983865 (OP) 
Oh, you poor fucking bastard. Your life must be a fucking carnival of misery. But you know what? Focus on what you can change, not on the shit you can't. Maybe you can find ways to improve your orgasms or some shit like that. Stop obsessing over your missing foreskin, you fucking weirdo.
>>72983902
Well, ain't that a sob story. Yeah, some people are judgmental assholes, but that doesn't mean you have to give a fuck about them. Embrace your uncut dick, and find someone who doesn't give a shit about it. Or go ahead and keep jerking off to your fetish if it makes you feel better, you sick fuck.
>>72983940
yeah, so fucking what? Some people like circumcised cocks, some don't. Who gives a shit? Beauty is subjective, and it doesn't fucking matter if someone else has a "prettier" dick than you. Get over it.

 72984241
 America does a lot of fucked-up things, but guess what? So does every other goddamn country. People need to educate themselves and make informed decisions about their kids. And for fuck's sake, let's stop mutilating babies.
>>72984568
 What kind of fucked-up advice is that? You want OP to take revenge on their parents over a decision they probably made out of ignorance? And kill themselves in Minecraft, really? Get a grip, you fucking psychopath.

>>72984829
Oh, great, just what we need. More hedonistic pricks. Look, OP's life is already a fucking mess. Why not focus on finding some balance and self-improvemen at instead of chasing empty pleasures? Jesus fucking Christ.
--- 72986252
>>72983865 (OP)
By that logic, women who were raped and spend their entire lives bitch about it are just as bad as you. You were a victim of something that was out of your control. Be kinder to yourself
--- 72986265
I am sure people didn't use to bitch about their mutilated dicks before poltard started trolling Amerimutts. Not saying Amerimutts don't deserve total death and circumcision isn't immoral but it's not that big of a deal.
--- 72986297
>>72983902
You can get a circumcision at any time idiot. only 1 month healing. Me, my mutilation was practically botched. Theres nothing pretty about it.
--- 72986299
>>72986265
>it's not that big of a deal
If this shit is not immoral to you then I have no words for you.
--- 72986327
>>72986299
If it was such a big deal then how come noone was making an issue out of it before the trolling campaign. Dont pretend that it was early intactivists that made them people give a shit not trolling towards Americans. Muzzies,kikes and mutts are pinching their peens since ages and noone gave a shit untill the people start getting mocked. Even Muslims don't give a shit because they aremt trolled for it. I think it's an ego hurt issue more than physiological hurt.
--- 72986367
>>72986327
People are very dumb about tradition and will follow it regardless of its obvious ethical concerns. Very few people used to give a shit about slavery until it was outlawed. Or look how Female Genital Mutilation is still being practiced in some parts of Africa. Really the only difference between the mutilation of the genders is that Mutts only experienced one due to tradition and got to see the other for what it really is, hence why they outlawed the latter and not the former. Tradition is the enemy here.
--- 72986376
i cum way too soon should i get cut?
--- 72986386
>>72986376
Just stop masturbating every picosecond and you'll be back to normal. Mutilating yourself will decrease the pleasure of nutting anyway.
--- 72986403
>>72986386
if i dont masturbate i cum even faster, practically from just looking at something arousing
i need to desensitize somehow
--- 72986406
>>72986367
M8 slavery shouldn't be compared to peen snipping and FGM is objectively worse than MGM. Slavery has always been a bloat to human psyche and humans have been finding mental gymnastics to justify it since the advent of civilization. MGM was just little weird tradition and noone gave a shit. If we consider Jews the og pioneers of peen snipping then they didn't see it more than ear piercing or tattoos.Even the non peen mutilaters of that era found it exceptionally weird. I am only saying that the physiological and psychological harm is over exaggerated. I still don't support it though and find it fucked up but people who got their peen snipped should get over it and channel their rage into banning it all together. It's funny that mutts allow people to mutilate their babies for no good reason. Atleast muzzies and kikes do it out of religious brainrot.
--- 72986466
I want to be fucked hard by big black cocks. Laugh at me, fuck me, abuse me
--- 72986480
>>72986466
Context on that image? Also the guy in the mugshot looks like that food show host who travels to Asians countries while wearing a bandana because his hair implants failed.
--- 72986543
>>72986406
>FGM is objectively worse than MGM
How exactly? There are more nerve endings in a foreskin than in a clitoris. The worst version of FGM, when the vagina gets sued up, is not as bad as a botched circumcision, which can lead to total castration. (look into the case of David Reimer) It just seems like you heard other people make the claim that FGM is worse and accepted it without thinking too much about it. When you really look into it, MGM is much worse on its wide spread basis alone.

>then they didn't see it more than ear piercing or tattoos
Also wrong. Jews used MGM as a rite of passage for 8 day old boys. It was a way of marking you as a jew or a slave to the jew. The latter point is most likely why it is so wide spread in America.

>physiological and psychological harm is over exaggerated
Is it really? Most MGM takes place before a baby has been out of the womb for a year and subjects them to so much pain that they go into shock. This pain permanently changes their brain structure. There have been numerous studies into this, and I would link them in this post if the urls were not so long. Even ignoring the physical side of things and going on the emotional side purely, it is still not exaggerated. Would you say that the victim of rape or a violent crime should just get over their pain? While I agree it is best to channel rage into motivation to get this terrible practice outlawed, this should not be used as an excuse to undermine the pain of the victims of MGM.
--- 72986559
>>72986376
circumcision causes premature ejaculation
you'll end up cumming faster or the same without it even feeling very good
besides, most women take cumming quick as a compliment anyway
learn to eat pussy mate
--- 72986578
>>72986559
shit alright will do
--- 72986694
>>72986543
>How exactly? There are more nerve endings in a foreskin than in a clitoris. The worst version of FGM, when the vagina gets sued up, is not as bad as a botched circumcision, which can lead to total castration. (look into the case of David Reimer) It just seems like you heard other people make the claim that FGM is worse and accepted it without thinking too much about it. When you really look into it, MGM is much worse on its wide spread basis alone. 
You can't argue on this basis. Nerve endings aren't the only factor,neither is the pain.There is difference between foreskin and clitoris. Clitoris is a solid chunk of flesh and the complications involved are way way worse. Thats why FGM didnt took off that much except in extremely savage societies.
>Also wrong. Jews used MGM as a rite of passage for 8 day old boys. It was a way of marking you as a jew or a slave to the jew. The latter point is most likely why it is so wide spread in America. 
What? Thats what I was saying it was a rite of passage like when you make someone with tattoos and armaments. The physical pain and discomfort was never ever the issue. That was the point.
>Is it really? Most MGM takes place before a baby has been out of the womb for a year and subjects them to so much pain that they go into shock. This pain permanently changes their brain structure. There have been numerous studies into this, and I would link them in this post if the urls were not so long. Even ignoring the physical side of things and going on the emotional side purely, it is still not exaggerated.
You can never quantify "emotional damage" and "shock". If circumcision was this damning then it would have been ceased a long time ago in non-savage societies. It's also funny you hate kikes and believe they forced this meme on mutts. Kind of kills your intellectual honesty.
>Would you say that the victim of rape or a violent crime should just get over their pain?
But these are false equivalencies.
--- 72986812
>>72986694
>You can't argue on this basis. Nerve endings aren't the only factor,neither is the pain.There is difference between foreskin and clitoris. Clitoris is a solid chunk of flesh and the complications involved are way way worse. Thats why FGM didnt took off that much except in extremely savage societies.

There has been evidence that the pratctice started with the ancient Egyptains. Even then, calling those societies "extremely savage" does nothing but highlight extreme levels of bias within you. Regardless of the bias, the foreskin is also a solid chunk of skin that is 15 square inches. The clit is only around 4 1/4 inches long and 2 1/2 inches wide so its much smaller. Name these complications. 

>What? Thats what I was saying it was a rite of passage like when you make someone with tattoos and armaments. The physical pain and discomfort was never ever the issue. That was the point.

Nothing that you said is correct at all. See pic rel.

>You can never quantify "emotional damage" and "shock". If circumcision was this damning then it would have been ceased a long time ago in non-savage societies.

What constitutes a "non-savage society" to you anyway? You just come off as incredible biased for your own society. Regardless, tradition blinds people from seeing the evils of their own society, so your point is moot.

>But these are false equivalencies.

Both involve something terrible happening to you outside of your control and both can cause extreme mental anguish. MGM is much worse off the basis of it being irreversible damage before you're out of the womb for a year.
--- 72986945
>>72986406
Way more baby boy mutilations are botched than there are cases of necessary adult surgeries in EU.
Around a hundred babies die every year of complications because it's fucking surgery on a baby.
It's just as evil and unnecessary as fgm. how bout stop playing this devils's addvocate faggot game like this is cute.
--- 72986957
>>72986812
>There has been evidence that the pratctice started with the ancient Egyptains. 
They could be very savage sometimes and i don't think there is any evidence that FGM was widespread I'm ancient Egypt.
>Even then, calling those societies "extremely savage" does nothing but highlight extreme levels of bias within you.
Look at the countries where FGM is still prevalent.
>Regardless of the bias, the foreskin is also a solid chunk of skin that is 15 square inches. The clit is only around 4 1/4 inches long and 2 1/2 inches wide so its much smaller. 
Childlike logic.
>Name these complications. 
It's a widely studied topic and people have fucking died because of it. It's music harder to not botch.
>Nothing that you said is correct at all. See pic rel. 
So cherry picking some Kike intellectuals that existed centuries after Kike fanfiction was written means the og kikes cared about any of that? Sounds like they were just trying to justify a retarded meme like how Christians did later with anti-fap campaigns. 
>What constitutes a "non-savage society" to you anyway? You just come off as incredible biased for your own society. Regardless, tradition blinds people from seeing the evils of their own society, so your point is moot. 
http://nationalfgmcentre.org.uk/world-fgm-prevalence-map/
I definitely not see a pattern there.
>Both involve something terrible happening to you outside of your control and both can cause extreme mental anguish. MGM is much worse off the basis of it being irreversible damage before you're out of the womb for a year.
You are basing the suffering on research using hard logic tools.Its incomparable to something like rape. C'mon man,it's not a good look when grown men cry about their snipped peens and especially when they act as if they have been castrated.
--- 72986967
Uncut but i feel like i most majority of my sensitivity ever since i pulled it back all the way when i was 12. I think i scrubbed it way too hard when showering. The part of the tip facing me is completely dead on the gentle touch, dont know if other uncut guys are like this, pls respond.
--- 72986975
>>72986967
"Most majority"

Excuse my dyslexia
--- 72986990
>>72986945
FGM has way worse mortality rate. You only thing FGM doesnt kill more than MGM in civilized countries because it is way less common. The mortality rate of MGM is also astronomicaly low.
>Devil's advocate
Maybe I am on your side and don't want us to look retards whenever people bring up FGM to ban MGM?
--- 72987057
>>72986990
Whatever data there is on fgm death is from like 2 turd world countries without modern medicine. Shocker! mgm is literally more invasive and more surface area. You are focusing on minimizaing male issues for no reason. Die simpoid.
--- 72987058
>>72986957
>They could be very savage sometimes and i don't think there is any evidence that FGM was widespread I'm ancient Egypt.
https://med.virginia.edu/family-medicine/wp-content/uploads/sites/285/2017/01/Llamas-Paper.pdf 
>The exact origin of female genital mutilation (FGM) remains unclear. Some scholars have proposed Ancient Egypt (present-day Sudan and Egypt) as its site of origin, noting the discovery of circumcised mummies from fifth century BC
>Childlike logic.
Funny way of saying you have no counter.
>So cherry picking some Kike intellectuals that existed centuries after Kike fanfiction was written means the og kikes cared about any of that? Sounds like they were just trying to justify a retarded meme like how Christians did later with anti-fap campaigns.
They are reciting the purpose of MGM. They aren't proposing some brand new ideas or whatever. 
>I definitely not see a pattern there.
You didn't even bother to answer the question.
>You are basing the suffering on research using hard logic tools.Its incomparable to something like rape. C'mon man,it's not a good look when grown men cry about their snipped peens and especially when they act as if they have been castrated.
Its a much better metric than the biased emotionally driven bullshit you have been spewing in this thread. 
>It's a widely studied topic and people have fucking died because of it. It's music harder to not botch.
You didn't even name a single complication other than death, which has happened to victims of MGM as well. C'mon man. 
>>72986990
The only reason why is because there is less support for FGM so its practitioners are much less experienced and knowledgable.
--- 72987152
>>72987058
>>The exact origin of female genital mutilation (FGM) remains unclear. Some scholars have proposed Ancient Egypt (present-day Sudan and Egypt) as its site of origin, noting the discovery of circumcised mummies from fifth century BC
So some discoveries prove that it wasn't a freak case and everyone was mutilating little girls? I dont think so.
>They are reciting the purpose of MGM. They aren't proposing some brand new ideas or whatever. 
>Reciting
Quote any part of official kike canon that said it was the purpose of MGM. There is no justification given to it old testament and it's obviously used as a mark.
>You didn't even bother to answer the question. 
>Absolutely shithole countries with cannibal warlords have more FGM than first world cunts
>Its a much better metric than the biased emotionally driven bullshit you have been spewing in this thread. 
Are you sure I am being emotionally driven here not the people suicidal over snipped peepees?
>You didn't even name a single complication other than death, which has happened to victims of MGM as well. C'mon man.
Extremely higher rates of deaths should have been enough but i think you cant just be assed to google.
>https://www.bmj.com/rapid-response/2011/11/03/male-circumcision-not-comparable-female-genital-mutilation
>The only reason why is because there is less support for FGM so its practitioners are much less experienced and knowledgable.
Or maybe because its really really more complicated because you are not just snipping mere soft skin? Do you think there is anyway the it can be made less complicated than MGM? I don't think there is. 
>>Childlike logic. 
You are the one bringing "size" when its more about the nature of tissue and how it connects to the body.
--- 72987173
>be cunt
>have kid circumcised
>have him circumcised again because there was "too much skin left"
>act surprised when kid has painful erections
--- 72987181
>>72983940
Circumcucks actually have smaller dicks on average.
