-----
--- 72984508
Is it possible to be friends with a person with different political beliefs or belief system, or different views on religion than you.
Can an atheist be friends with a church going Christian.
Can a liberal be friends with a conservative.
Can you be friends with someone who has different things you consider to be retarded.
Are you a pussy if you associate with someone with serious different beliefs than you, because they are with an enemy of your cause?
I've been noticing people cutting off family members for being antivaxx or mask deniers, or Trump supporters in news media.
(this is not a fucking right wing invitation thread, this is just an example)
Should your beliefs be that important that you avoid those with different beliefs?
What are red lines that must not be crossed?
How do you find someone with like minded beliefs if everyone is polarized, should you keep your beliefs to yourself.
Is friendship real at all, if I'm accurately assuming that others are hiding there beliefs from their friends.
Why do they hide it.
Why do you want to be friends with someone if you feel like you're hiding your core thoughts? 
Is it an innate feeling for all humans to hide their real self from their friends to avoid dreadful loneliness? Or is that just pussy behavior and should be avoided if the statement is true that people hide their beliefs from others.
--- 72984645
>>72984508 (OP)
I don't know man, you're asking a lot of questions. What do you believe?
--- 72984699
>>72984508 (OP)
I feel like these days its very hard. I had a friend once, he was a liberal but we still got along. The biggest political argument we got into was over the skittles nigger case. 

Since covid I just don't talk to him anymore for a multitude of reasons. Mostly its because I'm deeply ashamed and embarrassed of who I've become. The other is that even when I was still meeting him, he started drinking the college cool aide hard and it got to the point where I had to walk on eggshells around him.
--- 72984758
>>72984508 (OP)
Matthew 9
10 And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
11 And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?
12 But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick.
13 But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.

2 Corinthians 6
14Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness? 15And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?

16And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.

17Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,

18And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.

Does that answer some of your questions? As for many of the others, why dont you ask him yourself? That is not just throwing you off but those who fear the Lord shall not want.
Psalm 34
7 The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.
8 O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
9 O fear the LORD, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him.
10 The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek the LORD shall not want any good thing.
--- 72984799
>>72984508 (OP)
It is entirely possible to have a friendship with someone of the opposite belief. I just choose not to go anywhere near them for any reason.
--- 72984801
>>72984758
I visit my old atheist friends every six months, but thats mostly to talk to them about God and see how theyre doing.
--- 72984818
>>72984799
Can you explain why?
Is it an ethics thing, moral code you follow?
What do you think of them?
Genuine question?
--- 72984967
>>72984508 (OP)
Bro, you're either schizophrenic, high, retarded or underaged. Either way lurk more and try to be more coherent so people can actually fucking talk to you.

>Is it possible to be friends with a person with different political beliefs or belief system, or different views on religion than you.
>Can an atheist be friends with a church going Christian.
>Can a liberal be friends with a conservative.
>Can you be friends with someone who has different things you consider to be retarded.
 Yes they can. Two people of any kind can be friends for any reason. Since you're strangely hyper fixated on this, I assume you want some way of knowing how to predict if two people can be friends.
I don't have a proven formula, but from my experience, they both have to be open-minded, in a good mood(willing to socialize), doing something that is both relevant to each other, or spending a lot of time in the same place. They can have plenty of opposing traits but as long as they have one thing in common there's always a possibility that they will get a long.

>Are you a pussy if you associate with someone with serious different beliefs than you, because they are with an enemy of your cause?
 ??? Honestly don't understand this question.

>Should your beliefs be that important that you avoid those with different beliefs?
 People who do this are petty imo. Either that or the relationships they cut off was already weak. Could also be uninteresting to them, idk.

>What are red lines that must not be crossed?
 Very vague anon, if you mean challenging social norms/ values, go ahead and try. Just have a sound theory or explaination to why you're breaking them. Otherwise you're just ruining your social status for no reason.

>How do you find someone with like minded beliefs if everyone is polarized, should you keep your beliefs to yourself.
 Go to spaces advertised for said beliefs. If you can't find them, google it.
...
--- 72984978
>>72984699
>Since covid I just don't talk to him anymore for a multitude of reasons. Mostly its because I'm deeply ashamed and embarrassed of who I've become. The other is that even when I was still meeting him, he started drinking the college cool aide hard and it got to the point where I had to walk on eggshells around him.
>"I am an abject failure as a human being, but still have the arrogance to assume I'm right and other people are wrong."
--- 72985013
>>72984758
Why do you post an outdated Bible? This is 2023
--- 72985060
>>72985013
Its the closest thing to the Greek Septuagint.
--- 72985097
>>72984967
Thanks for your response anon. it helped me understand some things unironically.
Why are you rude?
> schizophrenic
Schizophrenics are more likely to be aggressive. Read your first line.
>high
You wrote a very detailed response and acted aggressive because I posted a simple question that hurt your feelings and you had a break from reality from your psychosis induced weed.
>retarded 
Read your first line, aggression to some questions with no hostility in it. Precursors showing your likelihood of developed retardation.
>underaged
Read your first line and tell me that's how a an adult reacts to question. You need to control your emotions better young faggot.
>Either way lurk more
Been here for years.
>and try to be more coherent so people can actually fucking talk to you.
People love me just fine, I'm actually of cutting them off but I'm debating.

Go suck a cock nigger.
Your post was help nonetheless, still wish you get raped then gutted in an alleyway.

This is 4chan insults are free, so yours should've been expected. And mine should be expected as well.
Sorry it's incoherent, because the last books you read were the twilight series you fucking retard.
I'm reading a book on morals and ethics and I'm trying to sort shit out, but you dumb faggots, who think you're Stephen Hawkings are proud that you're a loser incel with high iq on /r9k/.
God, you should've just fucked off before wasting all that effort and captcha solving for your flamboyant faggotry.
--- 72985098
>>72985060
>Greek Septuagint
Ok and? You're using a translation of a translation of an outdated manuscript. Use the NIV or something
--- 72985128
>>72984508 (OP)
...
>Is friendship real at all, if I'm accurately assuming that others are hiding there beliefs from their friends.
 If you're a fag idealist and think that a true friend is someone who exclusively shares beliefs &amp; traits exactly like you, then yeah I guess friendships aren't real.

>Why do they hide it.
 People hide beliefs from each other to avoid conflict. Usual ideological/ politic arguments don't end in any peaceful resolution or compromise. Most of the time in some sad agree to disagree situation. Arguing about them does nothing to anyone in the conversation so there is no real point doing it most of the time. If you can somehow discuss politics or philosophy without arguing then go and try. Keep in mind it is very difficult and unproductive. Its better to just enjoy what you can with them.

>Why do you want to be friends with someone if you feel like you're hiding your core thoughts?
 Is all you do think all day? Friends should be made through other connections aside from core thoughts. Friends in general are about being in good company and doing enjoyable things with each other.
 Having a group of friends that all share the same core beliefs is very idealistic and very difficult to accomplish.

>Is it an innate feeling for all humans to hide their real self from their friends to avoid dreadful loneliness? 
 Yes sadly. Humans are individuals. You can't expect individuals to all converge on core thoughts when they all have different upbringings and genetics. People act fake so that they can all share a common ground to communicate on, in a way.

>Or is that just pussy behavior and should be avoided if the statement is true that people hide their beliefs from others.
 If you want to express yourself for who you really are in public then go for it. At least try to make yourself appealing to the average person though.
--- 72985170
>>72985097
what was the point in you typing this? it's you stating that schizophrenics are inclined to belligerent behavior and then proceeding to spew insults while disregarding the entire other segment of his post
you could've just responded normally and elaborated upon your original post, it's surprising that you take such offense to being called names if you've been on this site for years
