-----
--- 72995710
Discussions of slutshaming is usually framed in terms of female sexuality and policing women but the reason why female sexuality is viewed as shameful is because women have sex with men. So how society views "sluts" is actually a reflection of our views on men and what it means to get intimate with men.

Many cultures view men as inherently dirty, untrustworthy, destructive, and predatory. That's why a woman who sleeps with many men are viewed as both dirty, damaged, and a victim all at the same time. She's perceived as lacking self respect because what sort of person would voluntarily allow themselves to be sullied by all these dirty men? There's also an automatic assumption that the high volume of men a woman sleeps with are abusing her, hurting her, and doing things to her - as if these faceless men in the imagination of society judging the "slut" can't be doing anything otherwise.

Only straight women and gay men are slutshamed, and the reason is because they sleep with men. We don't slutshame straight men who are praised for "scoring women", as if women can't be marking and tainting him like men apparently do to women, and lesbians are ignored from the conversation altogether. This is also why you only hear the term "risky sex" applied to straight women and gay men who sleep with men, and never with people who sleep with women. Why is it risky to have sex with men, unless men are inherently viewed as risks in themselves?
--- 72995723
>>72995710 (OP)
Men who seek out sex with women are viewed as predatory or degenerate, though most people won't outright say it. But I can tell by the way people talk about men who visit strip clubs, sex workers, porn theatres, and other adult avenues. Yes, a man can be predatory in the way he goes about it, such as being manipulative or being coercive, but seeking sex in itself isn't predatory. Women are ashamed for wanting something as natural as sex with men, because we were taught the message that being penetrated by a man is a degrading thing because men are dirty beings that will taint us. Men are ashamed of wanting to have sex with women and fear their own sexuality, because they are taught that their desires are inherently predatory and that he and other men are naturally dirty and would "taint" the women they sleep with so how dare he want to be sexual? This is the culture we live in. There is no winner. Everyone gets to be miserable.
--- 72995749
Both manwhores and regular whores can get the rope.
--- 72995940
>>72995749
/thread

Fuck whores and manwhores indeed.
--- 72995953
>>72995710 (OP)
Good post, I've had inklings of this before but never wrote it out in such a clear manner. Of course this thread will probably die after 5 replies while low effort bait stays up for days, but oh well.
--- 72995975
>>72995710 (OP)
>We don't slutshame straight men who are praised for "scoring women"
This comes from women though
Women don't look down or denigrate men who have a lot of sex. Generally speaking, they instead try to fuck them and try to be the one gal that gets him to settle down and give up that lifestyle.
--- 72996283
>>72995710 (OP)
When I mention being a stripper in the past, a comment I get is "what did those men do to you?"

Another time I mentioned my fantasy of going to a porn theatre where I'll be the only woman to 30 men and having everyone empty their balls inside me, a comment I get is "you would let those vermin near you?"... like why are guys at the adult theatre automatically assumed to be "vermin"? I heard they're actually pretty respectful at those theatres because they're so appreciative of the unicorn that comes by.
--- 72996486
>>72995710 (OP)
there's two separate things 
one is shaming women for shaving sex, another is avoiding such women for relationships.
I think it's wrong to shame them, but ultimately if someone wishes to date a woman who hasn't slept around so much that is ok too and should not be discouraged.
the fact is that chads don't care how much a girl has slept around, they will just be with her and if she isn't suitable, dump and move on and immediately find someone else.

this is only an issue for non-chads. they don't have the number of options that chad does, so they must select carefully. sluts have the same mentality as chads, they won't care about you so much because they know they can dump and move on at any time, and they will always compare you with the previous chads they slept with and you have no hope of passing that test because you aren't chad, so it will always lead to heartbreak on your side because you thought they'd genuinely like you but the chance of that happening is very little.

so for the mental and social well-being of non-chads, it's important that they non-slutty women who don't have their standards warped by sleeping with chads in the past and who don't have that "I can just dump him and move on asap" mentality that sluts have.
it's not about dislike for slutty women, it's about giving yourself the best chance of having a good relationship.
--- 72996974
>>72996486
>so for the mental and social well-being of non-chads, it's important that they non-slutty women who don't have their standards warped by sleeping with chads in the past and who don't have that "I can just dump him and move on asap" mentality that sluts have.
>it's not about dislike for slutty women, it's about giving yourself the best chance of having a good relationship.

so its actually all about chad?
--- 72997033
>>72996974
no, it's about your circumstances being different from chad's and you acting in accordance with that.
--- 72997048
>>72995710 (OP)
>as if women can't be marking and tainting him like men apparently do to women
Women seem to like high body count men. A majority of women want manwhores. Women with high body counts collect STD's from these men. Manwhore's have STD's and pass that shit to other women.
--- 72997066
>>72995975
>try to be the one gal that gets him to settle down and give up that lifestyle.
and if he changes. She cheats because "he is not the same man I married" 

The circle of life continues.
--- 72997084
>>72995710 (OP)
>as if women can't be marking and tainting him like men apparently do to women,
If women actually did this that would be rather interesting. Women knowing how the chad's are and just using them for sex. But those same women would still want to settle down with a man of "chads" caliber.
--- 72997107
>>72995710 (OP)
It's about being the bottom or submissive partner and letting lots of tops or dominants have their way with you.
