-----
--- 73000132
>We're all sinners. All sins are equal (except racism and homophobia). The Bible says you're never ever allowed to judge. The Bible supports separation of church and state. The Bible says all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. The Bible says all sins are equal. That means masturbation is okay. I am very good at theology.

If this is your "Christianity". I'd rather you just be an atheist.
--- 73000188
>>73000132 (OP)
>>We're all sinners. 
right
>All sins are equal (except racism and homophobia). 
wrong
>The Bible says you're never ever allowed to judge. 
wrong
>The Bible supports separation of church and state.
debatable
>The Bible says all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
wrong
>The Bible says all sins are equal. 
wrong
--- 73000204
>>73000132 (OP)
>masturbation is okay
ONLY if you are not an ancestor of Jesus. RIP Onan
--- 73000206
>>73000132 (OP)

How do I practice Christianity the way my ancestors did in 1300s? I want to worship the same way as them. Despite there being thousands of churches on Google maps none of them seem to provide this service. Not a single one.
--- 73000222
>>73000132 (OP)
Religions are outdated anyway and the future of spirituality lies in NDEs as they are real and prove that there is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So there is no such thing as hell or sin.

Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:

https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]

It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 

>"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."

Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.

Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:

>"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."

Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
--- 73000239
>>73000206
orthodox Christianity, unironically
--- 73000241
this "christianity" is due to over 200 years of you secularist constantly attacking in an endless barrage of pilpul, sabotage, and weaponizing christian morality against themselves. 

also, 
>chrisianity is barbaric, cruel and tyranical
and
>christianity is cucked and cancerous. 

this is a leftist tactic, to make the subject both Demonstrously evil while also being idiotic and incompetent. its a shaming tactic. 

why are you using a shaming tactic
--- 73000252
>>73000132 (OP)
im basically a deist. i believe in god, but i dont believe in revelatory religions, like christianity or islam. i believe in natural theology, that you can know of god's existence through reason, philosophical arguments and evidence from the outside world

fuck christianity. its not reasonable to believe shit like the resurrection or walking on water or whatever other shit jesus did, even if it did happen. i think people are apes for believing that shit, and i think revelatory religions have caused a great amount of harm throughout history, and have been used as a justification for killing, be it humans or animals
--- 73000436
>>73000132 (OP)

>Good works are actually bad. God wants us to sin.
>You don't have to give up your mortal sins before you die since all sins are equal, we're all sinners, and we never stop sinning even after we're "born again" and "regenerated".
>Telling people how to live their lives is bad (unless it's telling them they're not allowed to be racist, sexist, fatphobic, xenophobic, transphobic, or homophobic).
>Unity of church and state is bad (unless it's unity with the Church of Satan).
>You're free to interpret the Bible however you want (unless your interpretation supports traditional Catholicism).
>Claims to be the "church" that's in the New Testament. (But was founded in 1517).

Is the Protestant Reformation responsible for all the evil in the world? If your "Christianity" doesn't actually require you to make any changes in your life or give anything up. What's even the point of it? Protestants aren't our "allies". They're worse than useless. Vatican II Catholics are useless also.
--- 73000738
>>73000436
trad cath stop coping, your religion says to obey the pope no matter what, even if he's literally a follower of satan
