-----
--- 73008598
Singularity probably isn't going to come this easily, but any of you guys preparing anyways? Been saving up some money so that when the inevitable collapse of industries happens and mass unemployment is a thing, I can at least coast along on savings. Also have some MREs and canned foods as well. Thinking of getting a gun, but may not be necessary. Gonna try to last at least until the govt decides to implement a UBI of some kind. Might as well start working out too, need to be physically strong and prepared for societal collapse and in case raiders want to take my shit.

Should we also form some sorta collective? May help to be organized and have a good info network ready just in case.
--- 73008856
funny that out of all the boards i find a prepping thread on /r9k/ lol. 
yea i think they are going to drop the ball pretty soon. feel like covid19 was just a test run of whats to come and i will be prepping over the course of this summer. i also had networking on my mind but i dont have any rl friends let alone people who can also see whats coming so thats going to be hard
--- 73008953
>>73008598 (OP)
Know your paradoxes.
--- 73009634
>>73008598 (OP)
start archiving good data on reliable mediums, buy a printer and archive with binders. learning skills, living healthy and wealthy while you can. guns are very useful but are also a significant liability in terms of someone taking yours and using it against you, learn how to safely posses a firearm. buy lowers, print lowers, buy good tools. learn how to make a firearm. 

learn your way around computers, there will be significant technological presence in the future even if the world gets glassed. understand how dangerous being a host on a network on the internet is. 

do research on a good plan for both staying put and bugging out, save usd, buy a $2000 4x4 truck and its service manual, i like 4runners. put it on ice. learn how to siphon gas without using your mouth and learn how to generate electricity in the field, learn how to do advanced mechanical jerry rigging and bushcrafting. learn how to use an amateur radio, get your technicians license its good fun. 

learn to hunt and shoot accurately at 500 yards with iron sights, get your concealed carry license please. 
stockpiling food is important but unlike ammo its consumed regularly and thus better plans for food procurement are necessary. 
go running and sprinting often and learn to live on meager living means, it sharpens the mind and is kind of fun forcing yourself to live small and with good heart. 
use your time to learn something useful or interesting every single day, it is fun and important. 

NEVER EVER TRUST ANYONE but love deeply and until your last breath. 

I dream of taking my wife out on a seaplane and being retired world travelers in the apocalypse.
