-----
--- 73003583
Air:
>you start off feeling nothing, seeing no growth, so you keep squeezing the bulb pump
>hit a sudden point where you start feeling a "bad feeling" like the air is stuck, so you give it time to adjust
>you will hit a point where you know it's time to expel the air, or you could ignore it and keep going
>if you do the latter, the air will eventually travel through to your stomach and cause you to vomit
>the worst part is that you will NEVER feel like you reached the size you wanted, due to the fact that the air will more easily reach your stomach, rather than expanding your intestines to hold more air over time
>never actually feels good at any point
>causes constipation due to air oxidizing your shit

Water:
>unscrew showerhead
>feels good at first until you hit the limit
>then you start getting concerned about water poisoning so you try shooting out as much as possible in the toilet, keep getting scared that you still have enough in you to cause water poisoning
>after you got it all out, you try again but you immediately feel like dogshit
>shoot out the remainder, feel awful, shit everywhere
>there are enema mixtures to prevent water poisoning but they cost money
>have to do it when everyone's out of the house

Stuffing:
>never feels good, you just start feeling sick and your body doesn't want more food
>if you push past this feeling, you will either vomit or get such bad heartburn that you wish you vomited
>you will gain weight if you try to expand your capacity in any meaningful way
>causes constipation

It is NEVER worth it. Stick to watching anime girls do it, because you will never reach their size and just feel disappointed and fucked up. The feeling itself does not feel good, and you can't even appreciate your size because you will never get big.
--- 73004326
>>73003583 (OP)
How long have you been doing this anon? Always found it hot but never thought people really tried it.
--- 73004356
>>73003583 (OP)
this is one of the worst posts ive seen in a while. gg. i really hope this is a larp and youre not actually this brain rotted.
--- 73004402
>>73003583 (OP)
Kys coomer. I'm a fat fag myself but this is ridiculous
--- 73004483
>>73003583 (OP)
I'm not sure why you needed practical hands-on experience to figure out that you can't replicate this part of anime porn. Ascites is probably the least painful way of replicating the appearance of a big inflated stomach, but injecting even sterile water in your stomach is a pretty serious infection risk, so don't do that either. Maybe if you one day get liver failure from drinking or drugs or hepatitis, you can experience it added-risk-free.
