-----
--- 73004343
Sometimes I find myself overwhelmed. Some mixture of dread, disgust, and resignation, wondering how or why a loving god would ever do any of this. And then sometimes I realize that its really not so bad. 

Pic related. It snapped me out of an existential rut I have been in for the last few weeks. All of my angst, in a moment, gone, only wonder to replace it. Good does exist in this world, I think. God is there for me probably. Idk. Thoughts and opinions?
--- 73004373
>>73004343 (OP)
why did god make africa and south america people midwits. Why...
--- 73004579
>>73004343 (OP)
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And NDErs talk about how the meaning of life is to learn to love and be kind and thrive here despite how hard it is in this world and that life is like a video game or a simulation and you actually chose to come here.

Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:

https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]

It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 

>"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."

Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.

Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:

>"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."

Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
--- 73004595
>>73004579
>cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope 
lmao you gonna die nigga
