-----
--- 73022420
Does anyone else feel like they are shying away or neglecting the reason to get a gf due to other competition? I'm like a 7-8/10 but I feel like I just can't compete with other males because my social skills are really trash. I can't keep a conversation going and I manage just asking a bunch of questions and that's it, is that really trash or am I just overreacting? I don't communicate with alot of people and I am in the plans of getting in touch with old friends but I feel as though I shouldn't even sign up for the tournament you know what I mean and girls that are worth it seem to have 25+ dudes in their DM's.

Should I keep trying or socialise more or just try and be a bit more introspective. When I try talking to people nothing really comes to mind like nothing in general News and I don't have anything like hobbies or interests I think I'm just a boring person
--- 73022453
>>73022420 (OP)
If you have to rely on "social skills" then you are not a 7-8. At most, you are a 5. 7s and 8s get women begging them for sex no matter what they do.
--- 73022454
>shying away or neglecting the reason to get a gf due to other competition?
The competition is just one a thousand reasons why I've never tried to pursue women
--- 73022789
>>73022420 (OP)
>I can't keep a conversation going and I manage just asking a bunch of questions and that's it
I've tried talking to some girls from here (even a dude once) and it was like this with all of them. I run out of basic questions after maybe 30 minutes and convo dies.
I think it's related to this
>I don't have anything like hobbies or interests I think I'm just a boring person
as I am the same, but I dont know, its probably a bit of everythng

I've thought about reconnecting with a girl I knew in hs, we actually had a good relationship , she was super talkative and made up for my lack of input, and somehow she seemed to didnt bother, she actually liked me somehow. Buuut I fucked it up telling her I liked her as more than a friend lol, we havent spoken in 4 years now
Probably reconnecting isnt a good idea, im sure if I find she's like married or something it'll fuck me up
