-----
--- 73027017
Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.

Hello guys 
>How are you doing today?
>Any plans for today?
>When was the last time you hurt yourself?
>Why did you hurt yourself?
>Is there anything bothering you right now?
--- 73027035
Useful links for anyone who might need them:

>A long list of self harm alternatives (thanks muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7

>first aid for post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/

>wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic

>bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read

>dbt (dialecticaI behavioral therapy)
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
--- 73027046
>>73027017 (OP)
Why are you cutting yourself?
--- 73027088
hey! thread's up! good evening, everyone. how are you all doing?
--- 73027115
i always want to take part in these threads to chat but the op image unironically triggers me a bit lol. i know i'm a pussy. i want to tough it out for the comradery. i haven't sh'ed in 3 weeks even though i had an argument with a close friend and i've been off my meds. i'm proud of myself.
--- 73027174
>>73027088
helloo :D 
I had a lot of classes today so I'm a little bit tired but other than that I feel splendid
how about you? 

>>73027115
>i'm proud of myself.
and I'm proud of you anon! keep it up!
sorry for the image, I'll use a different one next time
--- 73027232
>>73027115
>i always want to take part in these threads to chat
and now you do! good to have you.

>but the op image unironically triggers me a bit lol. i know i'm a pussy. i want to tough it out for the comradery.
it's tradition and some people look for the thread by it, so hooni's here to stay, i'm afraid. sorry. we all have stuff that makes us uncomfortable and that we avoid. no shame in that. thank you for bearing with it.

>i haven't sh'ed in 3 weeks even though i had an argument with a close friend and i've been off my meds. i'm proud of myself.
that's great, anon. 

>>73027174
hello hello, catbro. same here. a little bit tired because of the early shift. i can deal with it, but it's far from my favorite, that's for sure. otherwise, i'm good. what classes did you have?
--- 73027510
why are all so gay, cutting doesnt have to be this anime homosexual shit.
--- 73027538
>>73027115
Hello anon! I also don't like the op image but it's pretty iconic at this point. And it could be worse
>>73027174
Hi kot poster! Good to know you're fine besides the tiredness. 
>>73027232
Hello yuanon! What do you work with, if you don't mind me asking?

I mixed things up today by burning instead of cutting. It seems more sanitary to be honest. My room is a mess and full of blood all over the walls and bed and I need to clean it soon because some people are coming over to assemble some furniture. 

On a different note I wish I could just completely turn off attraction in my head. I can read body and facial language fairly well, and it's clear there's no interest. I also feel like all that I'm feeling is fake and artificial. Bleh. I hate this "oneitis" shit. Would SSRIs also turn off the part of my brain that causes this?
--- 73027685
>>73027232
I'm happy you're okay 
>what classes did you have?
I had: graphic design, database management, logic, Introduction to digital techniques and programming

Do you have any plans for today?
I'm trying to find cheap second hand parts to upgrade an old bike I have laying around 
I've found some good deals and contacted a couple of people but they have yet to respond 
 

>>73027538
Hi Bile
I'm sorry to hear you're not great, hope you feel better soon
Don't hurt yourself too much, I'm pretty sure burns heal longer than cuts, make sure they're clean
--- 73027702
Finally got to sleep for more than six hours last night, as I worked on calculus assignments for five hours, thankfully getting them done. Now I have the energy to get all my work this week done and over with. (: Again, my appreciation goes to all of you here. I hope you are all doing well.

>>73027115
Congratulations, anon! I hope you can keep that streak up. 
Yeah as Yuanon said, Hooni is basically the mascot of this thread, so the image is going to keep sticking. 

>>73027174
>had a lot of classes today
I feel that catbro. Electrical enginerring major is rough. What's your major?
>other than that I feel splendid
That is very nice catbro. I hope you can keep that feeling up. (:

>>73027232
>little bit tired because of the early shift
I hope that it didn't bead you down too much, Yuanon!
>otherwise, I'm good
Always good to hear. Hope it stays that way! What's the job you work?

>>73027538
>burning instead of cutting
The one time I tried that, I found is very unpleasant. Take care of yourself, Bile.
>full of blood all over the walls and bed
Well, I can see why you are worried about sanitation! I hope you can get those cleaned!
>I hate this "oneitis" shit
I doubt that any of your feelings are fake if this is the only person you are attracted to. Besides, body language and facial expressions don't necessarily mean everything. Best wishes to you Bile, and good luck in this dilemma.
--- 73027906
>>73027685
fake image
>>73027702
> I hope you can get those cleaned!
I only had motivation to actually clean my living space when I could listen to music while doing so. Now my earbuds broke everyone would be able to hear my music and I'm a slob living in a meat locker again. I have no washing machine so I have to take the bloody bedsheets out in public too.
>this is the only person you are attracted to
It's the third time it happens to me and I doubt it will be the last. It's gross and weird.
--- 73028063
>>73027510
>why are all so gay
you'll find people from all walks of life and with all sorts of preferences and beliefs here. you can't gatekeep bad experiences and selfharm. 

>cutting doesnt have to be this anime homosexual shit.
you neither have to post anime stuff or be overly emotional or supportive, but you should learn to deal with it others that are in a more productive manner. you also don't have to be here, but you can be, if you want to. the door is always open, but beware, it swings both ways. 

>>73027538
hey, bile!

>Hello yuanon! What do you work with, if you don't mind me asking?
not at all. i work in a corner store with an postal-/parcelshop attached. i'm there for the postal stuff. sorting and storing letters and parcels, preparing the stuff customers bring in for pickup, selling stuff, a bit of customer support. nothing that's to bad on it's own, but when you have to do it all at once it can be tricky. and don't get me started on holidays. christmas is pure insanity. 

>I mixed things up today by burning instead of cutting. It seems more sanitary to be honest.
as always. be careful and don't overdo it 

>I need to clean it soon
i'm pretty bad at that as well. i really need to do something. the dustbunnies are taking over.

>On a different note I wish I could just completely turn off attraction in my head.
yeah, me too. it's a bit different for me though. i see that some people might have interest, but it's me who doesn't care or just can't take the initiative. i just don't think i've got anything to offer, so i'm using my body as an excuse to not even try. 

>Would SSRIs also turn off the part of my brain that causes this?
no clue.

>>73027685
>I had:...
that is a lot. and very different topics as well (at least it seems that way to me). my head would be spinning after trying to cram all that stuff in there. 

>Do you have any plans for today?
i never know what to do with my evenings, if i'm honest. i come home, eat, do chores and then... nothing.
--- 73028273
>>73027702
hiya prog
You seem to be having a pretty good day, nice B)
Good jod with those (stupid) calculus assignments, I failed my math course so I know first hand how annoying it is
>my appreciation goes to all of you here.
same time you friend :>
>What's your major?
my major is informatics, I'm not a fan of it but I don't hate it so here I am

>>73027906
That's fake news and a smear campaign against felines 
A house cat is more than capable of solving a Sudoku >:3

>>73028063
>my head would be spinning after trying to cram all that stuff in there
Luckily for now most of the professors are taking it slow and make everything easy to understand 
although, honestly I was fighting to not fall asleep on the last class
--- 73028329
>>73028063
cont.

>>73027685
>I'm trying to find cheap second hand parts to upgrade an old bike I have laying around
oh. you're like one of those car hoarders, but with bikes. ^^

>I've found some good deals and contacted a couple of people but they have yet to respond
nice. hope you get lucky. 

>>73027702
hi, prog. good to hear you get stuff done. keep it up!

>I hope that it didn't bead you down too much, Yuanon!
oh no. today was a rather calm day, so it's all good.

>What's the job you work?
see here: >>73028063

>>73027906
>It's the third time it happens to me and I doubt it will be the last. It's gross and weird.
there's always customers i feel attracted to. it's normal, especially if you don't have someone in your life, but i feel your frustration.
--- 73028511
>>73028063
>. sorting and storing letters and parcels, preparing the stuff customers bring in for pickup, selling stuff, a bit of customer support.
Oh yeah, it must really suck on holidays. I also don't think I'd enjoy customer support, but when it comes to things that aren't my own I love sorting and storing. I wish I was this enthusiastic about my own stuff so I could have a tidier room.
>>73028329
>normal, especially if you don't have someone in your life, but i feel your frustration
I know it's technically natural. It's just that the synthesis of thoughts about my appearance and thoughts about attraction make me feel even more gross and weird. It would be easier if I could just turn that part of my brain off, but I guess nothing in life is that easy.
--- 73028676
Glad to see you all are doing well. My "episode" still isn't over, my anxiety won't return to normal. Caffeine addiction doesn't help either. Mended the car, though. 

My friend also still refuses to talk to me and insists I'm being passive-aggressive when he's doing the same thing towards me. I think I've lost him, so two remain. Ah well.
--- 73029037
>>73028511
>I also don't think I'd enjoy customer support
the worst part, as a contractor, we can't do much to help, but people expect in nontheless. in most cases i have to redirect them to actual customer support. i'm mostly there so they can unload their frustration on someone. 

>but when it comes to things that aren't my own I love sorting and storing.
yeah. it's calming, in a way. and i pack a mean cart, if i do say so myself. ^^

>wish I was this enthusiastic about my own stuff so I could have a tidier room.
same. i'm so bad with that. i crave order and minimalist living, but can't achieve any of it. 

>It's just that the synthesis of thoughts about my appearance and thoughts about attraction make me feel even more gross and weird. 
i understand you. who do you feel attracted to? do you have a type? if you feel comfortable discussing that topic, that is. 

>if I could just turn that part of my brain off, but I guess nothing in life is that easy.
again. meditation can help with that. it actually restructures your brain and makes you more indifferent. that's why i'm a bit hesitant to do it. can't imagine to care even less than i already do.

>>73028676
>My "episode" still isn't over, my anxiety won't return to normal.
hey, anon. sorry to hear it's still lingering around. 

>Caffeine addiction doesn't help either.
what is your drug of choice when it comes to caffeine (what do drink)?

>Mended the car, though.
progress!!

>My friend also still refuses to talk to me and insists I'm being passive-aggressive when he's doing the same thing towards me.
that sucks. i'm still hoping he'll come around and that you'll have the patience to accept him when he does.

>I think I've lost him, so two remain. Ah well.
don't give up on him now. stay strong.
--- 73029369
>>73029037
> i crave order and minimalist living, but can't achieve any of it.
Hopefully one day we will live in small quaint, well organized little houses with a big forest on the backyard. At least that's what I hope for
>again. meditation can help with that
Did you mean medication or actually meditation? I feel like I'm spiritually numb to the point of being unable to meditate
>i understand you. who do you feel attracted to? do you have a type?
She is a friend of two years now, who shares a lot of interests, hobbies and aesthetic preferences with me. She is a wonderful person, smart, kind and appearance wise has a lot of features that I find beautiful. However I am not pretty, we are completely romantically incompatible (both shy and usually don't initiate interactions) and she is clearly attracted to another guy going by her mannerisms near him. I have been fighting against this crush for the past year, ever since I picked up on it, by trying my best to distance myself emotionally and physically, being mean and dismissive when I reasonably can, and while I think I was successful, I still need to completely remove her from my head. Granted, she was a good friend, but being near her made me a social time bomb, and I would've ruined the relationship in a far worse way if these feelings were left to fester.
--- 73029519
>>73029037
>what do drink?
Tea normally. A small Red Bull or soda if I don't have that. Caffeine helps with my lethargy but has an extremely high chance my anxiety is worsened.
>i'm still hoping that he'll come around...
I'm fine accepting him again if he does, but he knows very well when I'm unstable. And he can tell that I am at the moment.
--- 73029907
hello. almost relapsed today. she sent me a picture of a chat where some subby boy like me said he wishes she was his mommy. i thought she was really going to have others like me/replace me. i wrote a couple messages about it and started to roll on my bed to reach the blade. fortunately i looked at our convo again and she wrote she does not want anyone else like me and she only wants me in whatever position im in. and that stopped me obviously. i later asked her if i can trust her and she said yes. i keep telling myself its fine and im hers and only i am (hers) but i am only meeting her in a week and two days minimum (she said it might not even be as soon as saturday so like fuck). i keep worrying she will get bored of me and we lose that spark. and then there is her own depression which is pretty severe. i cant help her honestly, i keep trying and im not a bad person to not care about what is happening to her and how she is feeling. i wish we could meet up earlier. i hate these breaks in meetups. wish we lived together so i could comfort her
--- 73030096
>>73029369
>Hopefully one day we will live in small quaint, well organized little houses with a big forest on the backyard. At least that's what I hope for
yeah. i could see me living like that, but it's not for everyone, i guess.

>Did you mean medication or actually meditation? I feel like I'm spiritually numb to the point of being unable to meditate
meditation. meditation and fasting are very useful tools. i used to dismiss them as religious nonsense, but they are present in religions around the world for anreason. they work. you can detach them from religion and spiritualism and treat them as you would any other skill. 

>She is a friend of two years now
oh boy... i know how that feels... 

>and she is clearly attracted to another guy going by her mannerisms near him. I have been fighting against this crush for the past year, ever since I picked up on it, by trying my best to distance myself emotionally and physically, being mean and dismissive when I reasonably can, and while I think I was successful, I still need to completely remove her from my head.
that's harsh, but i think you might be going about this the wrong way. i can follow your train of thought, but you are sabotaging a friendship over something that's probably out of the question anyway, so why do it? it's possible to continue a friendship, even if your friend knows about your feelings and doesn't return them. it takes time, but yours will subside as well. but you'd need to confront your feelings and tell her, as ludicrous as that might sound to you.

>>73029519
>Tea normally. A small Red Bull or soda if I don't have that. Caffeine helps with my lethargy but has an extremely high chance my anxiety is worsened.
yeah. i go pretty hard on tea and kombucha myself. i think i need to lay it off for a bit. 

>I'm fine accepting him again if he does, but he knows very well when I'm unstable. And he can tell that I am at the moment.
then maybe it's best to trust his instincts and leave as is for now.
--- 73030448
>>73029907
Hiyaa juuzouanon 
You made me worried, I'm glad that in the end everything turned out to be okay 
>i keep worrying she will get bored of me
I can't give you any advice, I know nothing about relationships but I think you shouldn't worry back her getting bored of you 
You've seen each other only like 2-3 times right? There's still a lot you both have to learn about one another 
>am only meeting her in a week and two days minimum
stay strong brother
--- 73030495
>>73029907
hey, juuzouanon. 
it's good you kept your cool, read the conversation again and that you were able to stop yourself. carby really was spot on with this, i think. she seems to give you hold and self-control. hope it continues to go well. 

>and then there is her own depression which is pretty severe. i cant help her honestly, i keep trying
like with a lot of problems, she has to get out of that herself. you can be supportive, but it's her who needs to come to that conclusion. that's why i like the vitamin-approach. depression appears as something out of reach, but giving it a physical cause makes in tangible. it gives you something you can do about it. a motivation to try, so to speak.

>i hate these breaks in meetups. wish we lived together so i could comfort her
i'm sure that, someday, you will. be patient.
--- 73030582
>>73030096
What I meant about meditation is that I'm too impulsive and retarded to do it probably. But I think I could try fasting.
>why do it? it's possible to continue a friendship, even if your friend knows about your feelings and doesn't return them.
I don't think it is possible. This is a tale as old as time.
>Weird loser finds friend (female)
>weird loser catches feeling because he's developmentally arrested
>weird loser tells friend about feelings
>Friend feels disgusted and used, interprets whole friendship as a facade
>Friendship either ends or becomes extremely uncomfortable
>Weird loser is mocked relentlessly
I still like her as a friend but I know things will never be the same if I tell her. She will misunderstand my intentions. She will probably tell the rest of the friend group, I will be silently ostracized and mocked. My friends will respect me even less. I will be alone again. Even if this doesn't happen we won't be able to do the things we did together before because the recontextualization will make everything weird and gross. Hugs, and any sort of physical affection will become painful and awkward for both parties and we will both seek to avoid it. Every one of my actions will be scrutinized to look for any ulterior motives and every single interaction will become artificial and mechanical. Plus the guy that she likes, which is also a friend, will probably never let me live this down. I will pretend that I find it funny and that I am over it as he pokes fun at me, but deep down I'll just wish I had never even talked to them. I'd rather have these friendships slowly fade away and not be remembered at all when we cut contact, and have them chalk it up to the natural flow of life just making us drift apart, just a normal thing many friend groups experience.
I know all of this because this girl once suspected another guy from our friend group liked her, and she is obviously repulsed by him, so she messaged me at like 3am to ask how to dismiss him.
--- 73030709
>>73030582
that was too much fucking text fuck sorry
--- 73030879
>>73030582
>What I meant about meditation is that I'm too impulsive and retarded to do it probably. But I think I could try fasting.
meditation is not something you can just do. you have to learn it. it's a skill like any other. you have to build the habit and you have to endure the hardships in the beginning. that's the whole point. 

>I don't think it is possible. This is a tale as old as time.
well, i already lived through that tale, but of course that's anecdotal at best. i see your point and, in deed, your mileage may vary if you try. my friend did nothing of the things you described, but you know your friends better than i do. 

>Every one of my actions will be scrutinized to look for any ulterior motives and every single interaction will become artificial and mechanical.
that's actually why i stopped being nice to women for a long time. i always had the feeling that my actions were seen as a way to get something from them, instead of the friendly gesture that they were meant to be. so, yeah, you might be right. 

>>73030709
dude, it's all good. do you see the walls of text i write? ^^ besides, i asked. thanks for being so open about it. it's a tough situation for you. damned if you do, damned if you don't.
--- 73031053
time to go to sleep
goodnight frens, see you tomorrow ^^
--- 73031092
>>73031053
sleep well. see you tomorrow.
--- 73031200
>>73030096
>then maybe it's best to trust his instincys and leave as is for now.
I doubt it, if he wants to be a prick he doesn't try to help me when he knows something is up.

Just also found out that half of the work I put in for online uni was wasted and won't transfer over to my new one. I want to fucking die. Hours upon hours WASTED. Nearly relapsed the other day, I think I'll be over the edge now.
--- 73031207
>>73031053
Goodnight cat bro
>>73030879
>my friend did nothing of the things you described
how did it go for you? It doesn't seem to have been a positive experience considering how you behave towards women now. I don't think I could donit anyway, the girl is so conflict avoidant that the moment I started talking she'd probably run away or faint
>i always had the feeling that my actions were seen as a way to get something from them
Yeah, I don't like when they interpret it like that, but when you have resting creep face like me it is to be expected. I'm also wondering if maybe giving cookies to those people like I did wasn't just an act of extreme narcissism and egoism. Did I give them cookies because I wanted them to be happy or because I wanted to feel better about myself? Maybe my narcissism extends to simple things such as that too.
--- 73031239
>>73031207
Also the whole "conflict avoidant" personality is why I suspect she has despised me for a while now. She'd never say it out loud but I think she'd kill me if she was able to
--- 73031940
>>73031200
>I doubt it, if he wants to be a prick he doesn't try to help me when he knows something is up.
well, if he wants to be a prick, let him be a prick. 

>Just also found out that half of the work I put in for online uni was wasted 
that's rough, but you put in the effort and formed a good habit that will aid you in your next endeavours and i'm sure you gained some knowledge. you did well. 

>>73031207
>how did it go for you? It doesn't seem to have been a positive experience considering how you behave towards women now.
honestly, i don't want to share the whole story. at least not now, but there weren't any women involved. what soured me on women were my casual interactions in school with them. i'm over that by now and just try to be friendly and helpful to the people around me. sometimes i manage, sometimes i don't. that's life.

>I'm also wondering if maybe giving cookies to those people like I did wasn't just an act of extreme narcissism and egoism. Did I give them cookies because I wanted them to be happy or because I wanted to feel better about myself?
why not both? they are your friends. you did somerhing nice, they appreciated it and you felt good. it's ok. don't overthink it.

>Also the whole "conflict avoidant" personality is why I suspect she has despised me for a while now. She'd never say it out loud but I think she'd kill me if she was able to
do you really think like that?
--- 73032043
bossman texted me. need to get up early tomorrow as well, so i'm heading to bed. good night, everyone.
--- 73032456
>>73031940
>you put in the effort and formed a good habit that will aid you in your endeavours and i'm sure you gained some knowledge.
I didn't. Everything was put off until the last second like usual, and I cheated hard. The material covered thousands of topics I had crammed into my head before and didn't care to try. It only reaffirmed my inability to learn anything of meaning. 

Also is it normal to want to cry but feel unable to even utter a tear? Maybe my emotions are lost. 

i wish it were still possible to be lobotomoised
--- 73032538
Hello.
I'm new to this thread. I probably won't stick around, but who knows.
I'm not going to delve into my past, or why I self-harm, but to put it lightly, I have had one of the worst lives you can possibly imagine. This includes abandonment, potential mental illness (undiagnosed), chronic health problems, and other issues I will not speak of.
I only started cutting myself about a month ago, and after 4 times, has left my entire left side of my body and part of right scarred. I mainly use a knife but recently bought razors. I cut myself almost everytime while I shave uncontrollably due to a hand tremor, but I now want to shave off all of my skin and starve myself so cutting is easier, as well as to feel more comfortable about my body. I feel good when I cut myself, it feels more like myself.
I tried looking up to people and counting on them to help save me from my personal hell, but I was unable to listen to any of their advices and later I found they may have (from their own word) been lying to me. I may have been manipulated and even groomed (again), but I'm just so numb. The only reason I am still alive is because I shake so much and am too scared to make an attempt on my own life, despite having tried just about everything yesterday from hanging to jumping out a window. My throat is red, my entire left arm is covered with marks as well as both of my legs, and my left chest and neck.
I miss my friends. I don't get why I never take priority. I think people only care about me to better themselves and make themselves feel better, not that they would actually miss me or want to willingly talk to me.
I don't want to vent about my life problems but my situation is so specific and odd (which is what makes me unique too!) that there is practically no escape outside of suicide, and I do not want to risk what little I do have left, if there even is anything.
I hope this answers the thread questions too, apologies for the monologue!
--- 73033004
>>73032538
Hi anon, I'm sorry you had to experience all of that. I hope you find at least some sort of comfort here talking with us. I can't say if it will help you, and I'm sorry if I sound patronizing, one can never fully understand another person's life experience, but this place has certainly made me feel better somewhat. It's like a quaint little island in a sea of shit.
>>73031940
>they are your friend
no I actually gave the cookies to random people. My friends are very fwr away from me.
>do you really think like that?
I can't help it. She, they, all of them, smile and laugh when I cringe or when I'm sad and make fun of my face when I feel sad. They're my "friends" but I'm clearly the group's accessory comic relief. It has been like this in almost every friend group I've had (by that I mean 2/3). I wish it wasn't like this but they're all I have in real life. I don't want to go back to living inside my head and talking to myself.
--- 73033199
>>73027906
>It's the third time it happens to me
That's odd and slightly concerning. I guess I can understand why it's such an issue for you. Best wishes to you.
>I could listen to music while doing so
What sort of stuff gives you the motivation?

>>73028273
>I know first hand how annoying it is
Annoying is a very good way of putting it.
>my major is informatics, I'm not a fan of it but I don't hate it so here I am
I understand that sentiment. However, I haven't really done any actual electrical engineering classes yet, so it remains to be seen if that sentiment will hold.

>>73028329
>today was a rather calm day
Glad to hear Yuanon. Hope you had a good sleep, assuming you see this when you wake up!

>>73029907
It seems your gf really cares for you and vice versa. Just do your best, juuzouanon, and hope for the best, as it seems like your best is working well for her.

>>73032538
Best wishes to you anon. I hope everyone here are kind to you, as I see that Bile has been. Majority of the people in these threads are kind and cordial people, I'd know. Best wishes, and have a good visit.
--- 73033244
>>73032538
yeah we get it tranners, some trannies groomed you into cutting your dick off, whoopity fucking doo.

>>73027017 (OP)
Why are you all such massive faggots and/or troons? Just kill yourselves you disgusting abhhorrent niggers. And leave /r9k/ alone. We got enough of an infestation already, we don't need you cutterfaggots here.

Cut your asshole up and post it, RIGHT NOW.
