-----
--- 73049747
Looks like someone is silent quitting the hard way. That's a real shame. You could've had a lifelong ally and friend, someone who doesn't even touch a single piece of alternative social media, not even LinkedIn, Facebook for not more than making sure my childhood friends aren't dead. I could forgive the purchase of this site by a spook. I could forgive the Google captchas. I could forgive the split between red and blue boards. I could forgive the pessimistic identifiers you give and allow to innocent kids based on subversive control. I could forgive being banned from my favorite board. I could forgive the countless things you'd identify as spam before a post based on what you don't want people saying even once. I could. I wish I could forgive a website dedicated to Anime and Manga glossing over Takeo Saitos death.

But if you want to keep pretending like you're an untouchable invisible force to be reckoned with? Lol.

See, the thing about me as that you'll always have someone like me around for as long as this site, or any other site comparable to its style (as well as its creators) exists. I'm aware of the directional push on topical discussions, the coy play on our english language in the form of consonants as a pattern based digital language learning mechanism. You'd be one shit fire bit of surprised to know what I know about how your little Reward/Punishment system works. My entire agency of self is to keep who I truly am undetermined by the likes of such.. how I even move my fingers and hands, the misspelling and backspace counts, the edits, even my eyes and focus on images and wording, the time I spend doing literally everything and anything on this site and for the past decade has been under so much conscious control it would shoot your eyes bloodshot to the back of your empty skull.

Just adjusting these childish discord settings tells me exactly why you should consider yourselves "lucky". Kinda funny in hindsight I guess Chris. Props.
--- 73049760
>>73049747 (OP)
Damn that's a lot of words OP. You really expect me to read all that?
--- 73049818
>>73049747 (OP)
Freedom of speech is a hoax. Nope with dignity wants to be degraded when you are in a position of power. The only "freedom" is picking between political rhetoric that makes you feel better about yourself (moralfagging or being self-interested).
--- 73049833
I was going to give a personalized experience for NoFap, plenty of artistic movies, how to quit smoking and manage drinking, plenty of real life experience and knowledge. Good jams, complete privacy to the best of my manageable ability for the platform I intended to use (Discord). Food skills, people skills, how to find a job, how to write a letter literally anything. How to conduct a research paper, pick a college or place to live, how to nut up.

I would've been willing to spend the next years of my life devoted to a greater cause than myself, right here one step at a time.
I would've been able to help so many of these whosits, at least with the right encouraging guidance and push, maybe a bit of mediation here or there. I could've been a friend to anons who truly needed it.
I could've shared a legend of first wave memes and culture, helping to revive a sense of who we are, and maybe help these people understand where this sites functionality comes from, from an ethical angle what makes this site what is and why it still attracts even people like me at times, and to stick with it for so fucking long.

It's a sad state of affairs to see a bull market leading to a potential WW3 amd just watch as the wirlds premiere techies scramble and vye for the last squeeze if personal data collection like it were the hottest penny stock of 2023 before AI started gambling on the stock market with a dollar in nothing but crypto, better than an accumulative history of biz anons.
--- 73049923
You'll have to forgive my sentimentality. The last two times I had to truly bury the last of a bad habit it was deleting my Pandora account of over a decade, and before that it was finally laying my first Turtle Beaches to rest that I'd had since the days of CoD4.

I wish I could have related to more than just the ones who can get by without some fancy ass browser extensions or html tripcode vpn nonsense just to post more spam.

Tonight was supposed to be the last hurrah for me. Last drink, last cigarette, last fap, last fast food and takeout, last unnecessary spending. I guess you're always one step ahead of the individuals conscience because if this is something that's truly a matter of frightened affair for your order then perhaps you'll remember this as a warning rather than a goodbye.

My name is Isaac Settles and I have no qualms about who I am or what it means to be me. I've been on this site since 2009 when my friend Benjamin Harding introduced it to me. You may see me again. i might just use lower case letters at the start of my posts to give you some goosebumps. Who knows?
>tfw you can hear the squirts of these psychos conscience humming in superiority through a hardware manipulated system
