-----
--- 73050001
slide thread slide thread
oh please focus on this
ok good
now what do you feel when you see this arrangement of letters and words?
good
does it hurt? are others around you being affected my this interference? too bad
nothing on this site lives forever teehee post whatever
HEY WAIT
ah never mind
hey wait
hey wait
hey wait
hey wait
>if it doesn't detect a doxx, it shouldn't detect a simple little expression of free speech surely right?
>no ofc not, this is where frens are. what could matter to the people if nothing but money to the ones you cannot criticize?
>an intrusion in the form of human emotion that you could have never anticipated
--- 73050035
IF your systems detect THIS but does not DETECT this, then maybe your priorities are not aligned
perhaps. JUST PERHAPS you mods and admins and whoever may or may not be on my screen right now should be aware of. Aware of what? A trail of sense, STOPPED SUDDENLY by an immediate switch of logic that makes no coherent sense to he prior assumption leaving you with the knowledge that you can see what we're typing and you've possibly outsourced labor to some unregistered internet cafe labor that can see everything we type before we even post and if the post matches either an expected past, current, or desired future pattern of ""'quality'"" posts then perhaps you were the real neneies all along.

Schizo ohuy? Clowns? Every other anon in the past that's been betrayed? Not their doing. All you.
--- 73050059
Schizo anon, just so you know, these faggot niggers absolutely do record your eye movements. Try suddenly typing without looking at the keyboard, watch what happens.

You're not as schizo as you've probably been lead to believe. These fags manipulate words and lettering in collusion with company's like Alphabet Inc and Apple more than they do with law agencies.
Scroll captchas are a better sign for you than a Verification not Required
--- 73050752
cvnbcjvb j lkfgnbph hgnp

Fascinating.......They're Polish.....
--- 73051546
Thank you for explaining things
