-----
--- 73059024
>finally make my mind to go to the cinema and watch the Mario Bros movie
>it's been ages since I last went
>I'm with my brother so I don't feel that uncomfortable despite all the people and guys my age and their girlfriends
>can't help but feel depressed after seeing a bunch of ugly out of shape dudes with 9/10 girls
>just want the movie to start so I can think of something else
>while I'm hopelessly checking women out I see one who looks a lot like my high school best friend and crush.
>it's been a couple years and yet I haven't changed much, I'd feel embarrassed if she saw me like this so I avoid looking at her direction in case it's her.
>my brother and I finally enter the theater, it's about time the movie starts, it's almost full, there are barely any seats left.
>there's two empty ones next to me but I don't think nobody's sitting there at this point.
>suddenly a couple approaches
>I take a quick look at them, since they're the ones who'll sit next to me.
>it's the girl who looks like my ex crush
>I feel nervous as hell
>she sits next to me
>I'm still not 100% sure it's her so that makes me feel even more anxious, I just want to know if it's her but I don't want to look at her so that she doesn't notice.
>I hear that voice, that laugh, that joyful attitude, it's definitely her.
>fuck I can't stop thinking about it, even when the movie has started I can't focus.
>I even move my arm from the armrest and wiggle my way as close as I can to my brother as to avoid being recognized
>I feel awkward during the entire movie and I have to listen to her cute giggles, she's reminding me of all the good times we had in high school
>at moments I even feel glad I'm able to listen to her again, since I probably won't see her any time soon.
>the movie finishes and before the lights are turned on I tell my brother we should exit the theater quickly as I have to pee
>arrive home and type this
I don't know how to feel about this, it was nostalgic but at the same time painful ntr
--- 73059115
>>73059024 (OP)
>seeing a bunch of ugly out of shape dudes with 9/10 girls
This Anon. I don't understand why I don't have a GF if these guys barley take effort in how they look. Shit dude, I'm ugly, where's my 9/10 GF?
>muh it's ur personality brooo
Bullshit. Personality is a meme, and in real life I'm quite witty and sarcastic which makes people laugh at my half assed jokes.
--- 73059158
>>73059115
I genuinely don't understand what is it I'm lacking or what is it I have that simply prevents me from having a girlfriend
--- 73059257
>>73059158
Have you tried talking to women?
Maybe your personality is weird or your social awkward. Thats my problem
--- 73059423
>>73059257
Yeah I don't struggle or act all autistic when talking to them, I do consider I'm somewhat weird or awkward but I mean, like any introvert guy out there I guess? I'm extremely cynical but when I talk to women I usually try to hide that, maybe that's it? that I'm not being me all the way? I don't know.
Lately I don't flirt with women anymore, it was back in high school where I had my chances and kissed a couple but never went as far to ask them out to be in a relationship or anything.
Now that I'm college I rarely happen to come across girls. There was one at a party and she wanted to kiss, we did but the story goes as usual. She's ugly, plain, I don't want anything to do with her so yeah, besides that there are not many opportunities for me anymore. No I won't lower my standards because as I've said, I come across ugly guys with beautiful girlfriends all the time, so I want a hot one as well.
Physically I'm not ugly, even classmates have told me I'm handsome and that I don't get women because I'm stupid, an idiot.
I don't know. Normiemaxxing seems really difficult to me and if I did that I wouldn't be me anymore, I'd always be faking every single thing I say or do.
--- 73059541
>>73059024 (OP)
the reason you didn't have a conversation with her is bc you didn't talk to her. it's not your looks or even your personality, you're just being shy. it's okay though, don't beat yourself up ab it, social anxiety is rly tough and a lot of ppl have been through it. probably a lot of the other guys with cute gfs in that theater were in your shoes before, and overcame it to be in the fulfilling relationship they have now. just focus on caring for yourself and look up ways of overcoming social anxiety. you can get better. and in the future when a cute girl sits with you you'll be able to talk to each other :)
