-----
--- 73093918
Please tell me I'm not the only one to HATE the modern internet. TikTok-like networks are shit and cringe, Instagram is shit and cringe, everyone is shit and cinge as soon as they start to express themselves on social medias. Also what happened to the memes? How do we go from "each meme is from your community except some" to "most memes are bullshit zoomer garbage to attract a maximum of attention on my garbage content"?

Also, why do people let random internet trends rule their personality?

What's going on with all those stupid tiktok "trends"?! Can't you just have fun with your friends?

And why the fuck are video games so cringe nowadays? It was fun and each game took risks at the beginning, but nowadays normies' games are all the same shitty bloated piece of software (By the way, you can buy our very own Season Pass + to unlock the latest updates). 

Now what about animes ? Since a few years, each anime season is the same garbage. Isekais, Ecchis, Pseudo-"""deep""" animes, and harems. How is My Hero Academia a "top-tier" anime? How is "Oshi no ko" in front of Steins;Gate, FMAB, and SEL?!
--- 73093950
>>73093918 (OP)
I don't know, I don't really pay attention to this sort of stuff.
--- 73094008
>>73093918 (OP)
yes
>>73093950
but also this
--- 73094503
Most of the content like IG and YouTube is made for money.
You click, they get paid. 
I avoid shorts and 8 min videos unless I like their content.

Trends makes it easier for users to get exposure and ultimately get a source of passive income.
>Can't you just have fun with your friends?
They're aware, they call it "Touch grass".
--- 73094910
>>73093918 (OP)
Greed and loss of passion. Thats it.
Most social media are effectively advertisement platforms for business, or platforms entirely made to make money for the people in charge. Social media like tiktok (short form content, easily consumable, infinite amount) are so popular because theyre EXCELLENT ways to make money. Zoomers will swipe for hours on end without a second thought because they can barely use their pea sized brain to realize something is bad for them. This explains every stupid behavior on the internet by zoomers. Their attention spans have been shortened, dopamine reduced, etc. They act this way because its the only way they know how to be happy

Games and anime are ruled by greed with little passion anymore. Its not effective to create something truly special or unique, it doesnt make as much money as copying previously successful dogshit. Its all manufactured to please the most people and wring the most money out of people's wallets

Also zoomers have no idea what good anime is anymore and probably havent even seen fma, thats why oshi no ko is more popular on myanimelist and shit lol
--- 73095019
>>73093918 (OP)
You do realize there are people that don't do this stuff

i'm 18 and i don't use tiktok. i don't like instagram. i don't like internet trends.

i don't even really play video games anymore. i've seen many anime that aren't the stereotypically popular ones. you should watch knights of sidonia btw.

> Now what about animes ? Since a few years, each anime season is the same garbage. Isekais, Ecchis, Pseudo-"""deep""" animes, and harems. How is My Hero Academia a "top-tier" anime? How is "Oshi no ko" in front of Steins;Gate, FMAB, and SEL?!
Normies will always like the popular, most marketable bullshit there is. Naruto, DBZ, Demon Slayer, those all ring a bell.

Still though, zoomers still like the old classics. Especially Evangelion and SEL, i constantly see memes made about those two.
