-----
--- 73105262
why do you get up in the morning? you can cope all you want however while you are reading this post chad is either:

>fucking bitches
>driving in an expensive car to fuck them
>making money (which he will use to fuck bitches)
>socializing with other chads (which naturally attracts stacies he WILL fuck by midnight) 

while you rot away in your cubicle of a room. but no do go on, write 20 posts in order to attempt to justify your pathetic existence 

>b-but not a true incel!!

cope. i do not recall talking to any female my age in the past few years. literally zero. all i am doing is accepting the reality of my existence and doing everything i can to make it better. now you might wonder how the fuck does posting on 4cuck improve my life and the answer is: i can learn from others mistakes. not much else. in fact i have browsed this website for long enough i forgot almost everything i learned because 'pills are being spread left and right hence sooner or later things are being forgotten about
--- 73105292
>>73105262 (OP)
>why do you get up in the morning?
Because I don't give a shit about women. They are terrible in relationships and make your life miserable because they're miserable people. Life isn't fair and I cope by enjoying vices until I die.
--- 73105302
>>73105262 (OP)
Only reason I bother going on living is the nigh impossibility that the key to immortality will be discovered in my lifetime, and if that doesn't happen then I'll die anyways so I won't be able to care or have regrets. Of course I say this as someone who doesn't have to work so that soothes me.
--- 73105365
>>73105292
you have milions of ancestors anon. most of them lived in times of war and famine with very limited resources such as currency and food. many of them struggled to have a roof above their heads at night. yet ALL of them managed to procreate. every SINGLE fucking one. how can you fail at such a basic things while most of humanity's knowledge is at your finger tips?

>ahktually i do not need a female.. i just choose to replicate what it feels like to be around one with porn, body pillows and fleshlights haha 

lol. lmao even. unless you live like some of those chinese monks you are lying and coping not only to us but to yourself

>>73105302
yeah bro just live forever with the knowledge that so many of your close family members died haha. you will totally not think about your regrets every night before sleep. you will totally not get bored and go insane. your 60 year old body will totally be enough for you to live in for the next thousand years. you will totally not get stabbed in the throat by a nigger haha

death is not pleasant. however it is what gives your life meaning. ask people which physically lost their ability to taste food how much they enjoy life. such a simple thing yet so painful. most likely because everything you do is fueled by around 4 primal desires haha
--- 73105437
>>73105365
>so many of your close family members died
I don't have anyone close to me, not a single person on this planet alive or dead, fuck you for projecting your life onto me. 
>you will totally not think about your regrets every night before sleep. you will totally not get bored and go insane.
What regrets? I haven't done anything in my life to regret. If you're so mentally weak that you couldn't handle it then good for you, to project your lack of mental fortitude onto me.
>death is not pleasant. however it is what gives your life meaning.
If you're so gung-ho about this shit why don't you slit your throat right now, faggot, but you won't; despite your whining demoralization thread you're just a pussy who couldn't pull the trigger.
--- 73105482
>>73105365
>you have milions of ancestors anon. most of them lived in times of war and famine with very limited resources such as currency and food. many of them struggled to have a roof above their heads at night. yet ALL of them managed to procreate. every SINGLE fucking one. how can you fail at such a basic things while most of humanity's knowledge is at your finger tips? 
I guarantee atleast 40-50% of it was rape. Also I live in a completely different age with completely different social rules and paths to navigate life. Not a good comparing. 
>lol. lmao even. unless you live like some of those chinese monks you are lying and coping not only to us but to yourself 
I don't need to be """enlightened""" to simply explain that I'm lazy, and women require a lot of effort and work that I do not care to partake in. Especially since I'm ugly. It's like getting jealous at a rich kid, why? You're never going to be rich unless something in your substantially changes, either in yourself or your circumstances.
--- 73105556
>>73105437
>admits to being a failure 
>thinks he made a point

even if there is a way to live forever you will never get access to it. not to mention nothing lasts forever hence even if you did you can still be killed physically. i could answer to all of your post however it was made pointless by my first sentence

>>73105482
>rape

yeah, you do realize women are retarded and you can get away with raping them?

>different social rules

are you attempting to tell me that starving to death and having to plough the fields 24/6 all just to die from a random cut in your flesh is less troublesome than messaging a girl on insta with a smiling face? 

oh but they will not want me.. guess what faggot, neither did they want your ancestors, yet they still managed. again, most of human knowledge at your finger tips.. you have no excuses unless you are a 5'2 indian janitor 

>effort

fuck someone else's cunt then. all you have to do is netflix and chill while the cuck slaves his life away to mr. shekelstein
--- 73105882
>>73105262 (OP)
This pic is gigablackpill and anyone who denies it is overdosing on copium.
