-----
--- 73108882
struggling with not being evil? 

I don't know if anyone else has ever had these experiences, but I am not inherently bad or evil at all, and I have somewhat struggled as a result. For the most part it has always seemed like there is a great deal of sympathy and comradery for those with fallible moral values and it would seem like for many it is easy to understand and relate to others in this regard, but for me it has been thoroughly the opposite and it has been quite a tumultuous affair for me altogether. It has always been quite difficult for me to reach this understanding and I have gone through great lengths in attempting to understand others. I have had others recommend me religion and Christianity but I don't think that's really entirely the solution for me. I mean it has always seemed to me that a lot of people get together and they bond over all the immoral shit they do and it's always kind of left me mystified.
--- 73108991
https://youtu.be/pAyKJAtDNCw [Embed]
--- 73109006
>>73108882 (OP)
tl dr.

for me, it's knowing I'm still good and have self control by not going into my hella sexy neighbors apartment when she talks out the trash, only to greet her with a power boner when she gets back. tempting stuff
--- 73109017
>>73108882 (OP)
>I have had others recommend me religion and Christianity but I don't think that's really entirely the solution for me

It is the answer. The problem of evil was already addressed by the Catholic Church.
--- 73109064
Satan, enemy of fate, darling locus of the various Abrahamic lies, Prince of possibilities; please give me power to spread your freedom amongst the deluded who deny their true nature and abuse the brief moment between slave and servant to further their abuser.
--- 73109071
>>73108882 (OP)
>I am not inherently bad or evil at all, and I have somewhat struggled as a result.
of course
you're in a fallen world
ruthlessness rises to the top
people often suggest possibilities that i hadn't even CONSIDERED because of how diabolical they are
most "christians" that are part of a common church are total pieces of shit and just playing pretend for optics [usually family/kids]; but there are a lot of good ones out there if you know where to look (dutch reformed, etc.)
maybe you would prefer a local social club like a rotary / lion's club, or dare i suggest joining the (low level) freemasons [just make sure to not hit 33rd degree level where they make you perform child sacrifice]
--- 73109084
>>73109064
>Satan, enemy of fate, darling locus of the various Abrahamic lies, Prince of possibilities; please give me power to spread your freedom amongst the deluded who deny their true nature and abuse the brief moment between slave and servant to further their abuser.
You are a dumb nigger. You are the dumbest, blackest, gorilla monkey that I have ever seen. Prayers to Lucy go unanswered here. You may only have success if you pray to KEK, who is an Agent of Christ, who is KING.
