-----
--- 73117637
Sorry for this but I need to vent myself.

Around december 2021 I had a panic attack from a grave illness I read online. It was something extremely dumb, I had watched countless videos and illness from internet, but never ever impacted me like that, but it did, and couldnt barely sleep for 4 days. Since that day my brain just disconnected auto-mode, I started to pay attention around anything my body felt, I thought I had a brain tumor beause the back of my head was always trembling when I rested it on a pillow or chair, lights from pc monitor or lamps were too bright for me, giving me headaches. Slowly I got over the fact that I didnt had that illness and that it was impossible for me to have it, but the root of the problem gave me anxiety, which developed to being scared when I just felt a little weird or different, at the same time, since the light of my monitor or lamps or sunrays were too bright, I started having dry eyes and tired eyes with blurry vision when trying to read. And of course the anxiety made me stay tense all the time, which gave me breathing problems. While all that process I went to doctors, my eyes got checked, my brain, blood tests, I'm perfectly fine, healthy as fuck.

Nowadays I'm much better but I have to deal with the aftermath that anxiety gave me. I no longer fear that I have any grave illness, but my eyes are still sensitive to light and get tired which gives me a bit of blurry vision when reading only, and since I had problems breathing I'm most of the time paying attention to my nose breathing but since I watched on yt how to breath correctily (not from my lungs but from my diaphram days ago I'm improving it a lot and feeling relaxed again.

Today is a bad day which I got anxious and took a while to calm myself, would love to read experiences from other anons that had this, tips and how to improve my situation.
--- 73117645
>>73117637 (OP)
Sounds like a mental illness. Either stay doped on zombie pills all the time or learn to cope.
--- 73117925
Light sensitivity is often caused by some neurological dysfunction, not really a disease per se. If I were you I'd get my B vitamin (all of them, but particularly b1 and b12) levels checked, though serum levels can be misleading because there are things called "functional deficiencies". Don't believe the "its just anxiety bruh" gaslighting from doctors, but also keep in mind having oerfect health in this day and age is impossible. Doctors will only take you seriously when you're at death's doorstep, unfortunately.
--- 73117942
Stop fearing death and youll be fine
--- 73117963
>>73117942
Pain=/=Death

Not him btw
--- 73118284
>>73117637 (OP)
Can't relate. Your anxiety is an illness itself and it's being exacerbated by lies from the medical industry. You fell into their fearmongering trap then wasted time and money on tests as a result. Every disease can be heavily mitigated or cured with food, and if you're going to be afraid of anything it should be doctors and all their treatments because it's all toxic to humans. They will mask a symptom at best, never touching the cause of the symptom
--- 73118323
>>73118284
>Every disease can be heavily mitigated or cured with food
Not OP but I'd like to hear your thoughts on supplemental Vitamin D, thoughts on iron overload and what your "super food" choices are.
--- 73118344
>>73117925
Thanks, that was a good tip, my vitamin B is on good levels, it was my vitamin D that was on deficit, which I started last month taking supplements. I'm 29 just in case.

>>73118284
Thats a good argument, but lucky for me tests and such are free here on the country I live.
--- 73118447
>>73118344
Sorry didnt mean my vitamin B, but 1 month ago did a blood test by a digestive doctor since I thought I might have stomach or digestive cancer, and he did a full blood test check, he was the one that told me my deficit on vitamin D and prescribed the supplements.
--- 73118513
You have testicular cancer OP, too late to get it treated because it's already gone metastatic. Better kiss your loved ones goodbye while you still can.
--- 73118523
>>73118513
Oh noes I'm doom, DOOM.
--- 73118595
>>73118323
>supplemental Vitamin D
I wouldn't recommend any supplement. Virtually all of them have harmful additives, and the ones that don't were very likely processed using harmful chemicals. Synthetic nutrients and isolated nutrients also don't work the same or as well as nutrients which have been ionically bound to eachother through organic processes in animal products
>iron overload
Organic iron doesn't present any problems, but inorganic iron can. The ionic bonds between minerals and nutrients in food are broken by cooking and pasteurization, making them inorganic. Inorganic minerals are much less usable and they may instead collect in various parts of your body and cause inflammation. Even organic mercury won't be much of a problem for you compared to inorganic mercury, so long as you don't have too much of it. For this reason and other reasons, I wouldn't recommend any mineral supplement, table salt, or cooking to anyone.
>"super food" choices
Raw animal products from animals fed their natural diet and never given any medication. Raw milk and raw eggs are the best. Each of them contain just about every nutrient you need, and at the same time they're the 2 most easily and quickly digested foods. If you have a healthy digestive system, you'll digest a raw egg fully within 30 minutes. For raw milk it takes hours but raw milk is a more nutritionally complete food. I would consider them even more "super" when they're full of microbes, such as chinese century eggs. Don't go buying century eggs at walmart though, because they're bound to be sabotaged with "preservative" additives or treatments which kill the microbes. All pasteurized food is sabotaged, because it's basically short relatively low temperature cooking. I would say the exact opposite of a super food would be any plant or plant product. They contain toxins, very few nutrients, their absorption is inhibited by antinutrients, and we absorb even less of the nutrients due to our lack of cellulase enzymes
