-----
--- 73136161
Do people actually have passion and drive to make things?
I know its a dumb question, but I see stuff online all the time.
Animation Projects, Game Projects, Music Projects, all sorts of stuff like that.
Do these people just genuinely enjoy the process? They aren't slogging through just to show off the finished project? They actually enjoy doing these things from beginning to end?

I have multiple notebooks completely FILLED to the brim with well thought out ideas, mostly for games and other tech projects. I just can never bring myself to work on them.
I'm able to, I have the technical ability to, I just don't feel that drive or sense of fun that I think I'm supposed to feel when working on stuff like that.
It just feels like a chore to me, and all I want is to just see how it is when its finished.
--- 73136200
yeah ive never had that spark either anon i think some people just get unlucky and are born without it.
--- 73136269
Sometimes it is a slog, sometimes it's out of boredom, and sometimes people do it automatically. I have a habit of making long winded essays and niche game ideas but never churn anything out. It's all about how much you're willing to go for and how much you can possibly do, in a given timeframe
--- 73136285
>>73136161 (OP)
Everyone does it for their own reasons and I'm pretty sure that some are doing it for the reason that you stated 
For most spergs, (which I am just assuming that you are) The fun comes from how it's 50% comfy, 49% headache and 1% pure pleasure 
Most of the "fun" with it is just how nice it feels to sperg out over how good it feels when everything works out and just how comfy most of the process is
You quickly learn that your relaxation and recreational time is far more important than the time you spend working on advanced, interconnected systems and other stuff like that
--- 73136322
>>73136161 (OP)
I've been drawing almost everyday for 2 and a half years now. I'll admit, I've had gaps in those times, and I don't spend as much time as I should every day. But I'm in the same boat as you. The main issue for me is that I get performance anxiety. There's also just so many distractions in the world now that your brain reasons that it's not worth it to spend all this time doing something that wont net as much enjoyment. Some people don't have that issue, but I think most do. And yes, there are also people that just do enjoy the process.
