-----
--- 73157419
My masseuse says to me everytime before I go for a massage "You CAN leave your underwear on". What she actually meant was "Can you leave your underwear on". People are often careless with their words this way.
--- 73157443
I asked her if it was optional the second time because of her careless use of words and what followed was the most excruciating 2 minute exchange I have ever experienced in my entire life where she eventually admitted she would be more comfortable if I left my underwear on.
After that I'm pretty sure I heard her complaining to another masseuse and calling me weird or something.
Now she just tells me to strip down to my underwear everytime. There is no "can".
I want to clarify that I wasn't being a creeper and that I just didn't know whether she was telling me it was optional or not. However I know that will just make things more awkward and make me come across as even creepier.
She is 19 and attractive btw, I'm 30. And pretty ugly.
--- 73157469
I totally get her being uncomfortable with massaging some naked 30yo dude as a cute 19yo girl. I have no problem with her asking me to leave my underwear on. And like you say she probably gets so many creeps all the time making comments and basically sexually assaulting her.
Also it doesn't help that I look and come across as really sketchy. And I'm really awkward and weird. Like I do look rapey. I have that deadeyed serial killer/rapist look, even though I'm the total opposite inside. I just look creepy.
I just wanted to clarify with her so that I didn't take my underwear off thinking it was optional and make her super uncomfortable.
--- 73157491
She is honestly a really sweet girl. She isn't some stuckup cunt about it or anything. You can just tell she is uncomfortable and really nervous to say something that pisses me off or whatever.
I think that is why she said it in such an unforceful vague way to begin with. A lot of guys probably get angry and defensive if she asks them to leave their underwear on.
I talked with her a lot and think I built up a good rapport that few times I went after this. I think she is probably more comfortable and assured now.
She's only 19.
However I think next time I'll just attempt to clarify why I mentioned the underwear.
--- 73157514
Personally I actually would prefer to go naked. However I wouldn't prefer that if it made her uncomfortable at all, so I was trying to ask what the situation was with underwear. Because I wasn't just going to take them off even when I thought she was telling me it's optional without knowing she was comfortable with that.
I am fine with wearing underwear. I just wanted to establish how she felt about the situation.
There is no good way to broach this topic without coming across as creepy, but I botched it spectacularly because I got nervous and at a loss when her response was so confusing (like she wouldn't actually answer my question, she just kept repeating the super vague line) the way I delivered it was just awful.
--- 73157626
Massage is for my benefit, not the wagie performing a service.
