-----
--- 73158655
If you want to call me gay, and TL;DR, please be funny.
So, there are a lot of things to say about that, but I will try to make it short.
When i was a teen, i was 100% attracted to females, but I was an ugly piece of shit, so I built a stigma that no female would be ever attacked to me. I fulfilled my desires by porn, but things got worse and worse, normal things were not enough for me, so I dug deeper and deeper. Soon I was in to hentai, then futanari, then shemales, then sissyporn, then BBC, then sissyhypno, than gay stuff (that actually took close to 10 years), and was actually thinking about taking hormones.
I guess that im very influenced, but I got to the point that a female body would not turn me on at all, i was thinking about being the female. I tried to find a hooker, and i couldn't get hard.
But things were weird, in real life, the female natural smell was good and erotic (but not enough), and the natural smell of guys was disgusting. Guys in real life were disgusting, i would hate to have sex with one that i met IRL.
So I realized, that i was probably not gay, that I was just influenced by years of hardcore porn addiction.
I decided to change my life, so I got into nofap. Didn't work, when i was horny, my fantasies would be gay.
So I analyzed my mind and past, and decided for a lesbian therapy.
First, no edging, second, only female solo and lesbian porn if necessary, only when i was confident I went to vanilla porn. 
It took me 2.5 years to undo the harms that a porn addiction did to my influenced brain, but I did it.
I won't say that i am free, but when i see i guy fucking a girl, i see myself as the guy. When I'm horny I think about sex, i think about the kind girls that i would like fuck and how.
And i fucked a girl last year, she wasn't cute, but it was amazing.
Most humans are very influenced, if you are born gay, i hope that you can find a good guy to be with. But think. If you are not sure if you are gay, make sure it's not just a porn addiction.
--- 73158718
The fact that BBC porn is just goon fuel for white incels, and that they falseflag entire boards full of racebait is so creepy and scary
--- 73158765
>>73158655 (OP)
Thanks for sharing. I did something similair with Guro. I found it revoulting at first but forced myself to jerk off to it, I was basically doing masturbatory reconditioning. Eventually after two months I got a taste for Guro porn and would get erect when killing female NPCs in Skyrim ect. Your expriences are in line with what Ive seen and exprienced. Sexaulity is malleable to a certain extent, youre able to desensitise yourself into a fetish/preference but the underlying preferences remain ie you'll always be straight. Congrats on getting back to your default settings :D
