-----
--- 73171040
To Women,

I resent you because you treat mena s untrustworthy, disposable and with a hard prejudice + stereotyping + deep seated phobias of masculinity that you believe need to be validated constantly without the ability of men to criticize it, and that these delusions ought to be enforced against men in general, and even when the rules you decide are blatantly built at my disadvantage you decide to be a hypocrite on top of it all and frequently demand to be treated with a special exception for all women. Even if everything were true it wouldn't justify you and it isn't. You just demand a one way hypocrisy dialogue where you talk shit and nobody else can respond except to validate you. Everything is always a one way street with you. Not only are you immoral, you frequently choose to be a hypocrite on top of that dysfunctional self centered set of ideas you believe and use as justifications to mistreat me. you're really not a good person. I don't know how i can make you believe that. You're so selfish and up your own ass, i genuinely think real critical thinking is outside your potential at this point. If you were capable of it you would have died of shame and guilt a long time ago. I'm made to pay for your prejudices against men constantly and you owe me and all men an apology. you have made our society more dysfunctional and defective because you are such a terrible person. The world is bathed in nihilism and it is your fault. Your failure as a human being is palpable. The entire world is worse off. It's your fault. And you take no responsibility for it. i am guilty for crimes i never committed, and you are unwilling to accept your own indecency. You are given a joyful life you don't deserve, off the backs of people who suffer and receive validation against the truth spoken by the people you wrong.

-Anon

>Last Thread:
>>73160947 
>Song of The Day:
https://youtu.be/TwhUipIX_oA [Embed]
>Haiku of The Night:
True morality,
Is a real sacrifice,
for others' good health
--- 73171108
>>73171040 (OP)
do you really think anyone would read all that sperg incel shit nigga? pls this is a serious board
--- 73171118
>>73171040 (OP)
I agree anon
>>73171108
Back to r*ddit
--- 73171123
>posting messages to actual women on this board
lol
lmao
--- 73171141
>>73171108
To Anon,

>do you really think anyone would read all that
Yes. If you wouldn't, then fuck off.

Whether someone else reads it or not isn't relevant to why i write it. But it's pretty obvious at this point that people do in fact read them.

With no respect for you,
-Anon
>>73171118
Dear Anon,

I appreciate your vote of affirmation. May you walk with God.

With great respect and genial feelings,
Anon
