-----
--- 73184401
I am contemplating going to my university mental health center to see if they will put me through some tests. Just afraid of what they might do. I don't want to run off on a tangent talking about all sorts of crazy things but I can't keep living like how I am now

My stats:
>22 years old
>crippling anxiety since l was first conscious as a child (threw up hundreds of times before school throughout middle and high school)
>major depressive episodes for years at a time
>refuse to take meds for it
--- 73184414
Also I think part of it is definitely due to being ugly, I was also always like this and during some years I have looked very good. Last year I lifted weights nearly every day and could bench 300, squat 400, and deadlift 500 and had some sex, but the same symptoms I have always felt were still there. Dropped out of college last semester after having a breakdown and now I'm back but I fucked up this semester. Taking summer classes now to make up for it and to get back on track.
--- 73184434
More stats:
>no friends
>spend most of my day on youtube/4chan or reading for my different interests
>not on any social media
>always sucked at sports since forever
>can never make eye contact with anyone
>extremely poor handwriting
>get overwhelmed in social situations after like 5 seconds
--- 73184631
>>73184434
Bro lists several extremely debilitating things and finishes it off with 
>>extremely poor handwriting
top kek
--- 73184786
>>73184631
Haha I saw that was a symptom for aspergers and I definitely have horrible handwriting so I thought I would include it. I fit pretty much all of the aspergers symptoms I saw on google. Just trying to have some input before I go to see a psychiatrist. I do NOT want to take meds as stated before because I take Ted Kaczynski's word about anti-depressants over the (((doctors)))

What I really want is a diagnosis and I think that will clear my mind a bit and let me know that it is real after all
--- 73184891
>>73184401 (OP)
>i stood basically in your spot about 2 years ago
>thought I had the 'tism or some shit
>first shrink says i am more like a schizoid
>look into it
>year later i am basically one step away from doing an hero
>decide to talk with my doc
>tries giving me SSRI's ( they are fucking shit )
>i cold turkey and we decide to see a shrink
>months later I am diagnosed as a depressed schizoid with anxiety / social anxiety

Now I am going through a rollercoaster of meds trying to find something that works, though honestly I think a happier lifestyle would be 300% more effective than any med the doc could give me that doesnt kill me. If the medical system in your country is good then go ahead and try, youll probably get a diagnosis, it certainly helps giving you a reason of why things are the way they are somewhat ( atleast for me. ) But god damn do I realize I want to change my lifestyle / where i live. Though it seems nice to be productive, i wish I would have enough energy to work on a simple coding project or learn more 3D-modelling but now I cant do much more than look at my computer screen and play games. My productivity runs on a random loop in different directions from week to week. Might just be me though. Though your symptoms seem way more anxiety and spergy compared to mine. But go ahead, its not like they will strap you down unless you threathen to kill someone, yourself or them.
--- 73184980
>>73184891
What is the exact difference between aspergers and schizoids? From what I understand, aspergers is when you want social interaction but you are incapable of pursuing it, and schizoid is when you are simply not interested in being social?
I don't know for sure, that's just what I read online

>Now I am going through a rollercoaster of meds trying to find something that works
How do you trust all those meds? They cannot be good for your brain long term. In fact the last girl I had sex with cut me off because I sperged out about her taking 3 different kinds of meds herself and I told her I would help her get weaned off of them and she went BPD crazy over it and blocked me. Anyways
> though honestly I think a happier lifestyle would be 300% more effective than any med the doc could give me that doesnt kill me.
Same. Just trying to figure out the right formula for the lifestyle. I know that exercising enough does help but it's just one of the puzzle pieces. The other is social success and attaining career/life goals which are harder to do than just lifting a weight. I think if I truly put my mind to it I can finish college and be shredded too but I don't know if I can ever solve the social aspect.
>If the medical system in your country is good then go ahead and try
I'm in the southern US so I don't know. I don't trust them especially after the vaccine.
>youll probably get a diagnosis,
Do you think I can get a diagnosis without them putting me on meds against my will?
>But god damn do I realize I want to change my lifestyle / where i live. 
Same. Where are you from? I have always fantacized about having some acreage and building my own cabin and stuff. I know the happily ever after trad life is a myth but it is still nice. I used to work construction for my dad in the summers and while the work was tough physically I was not depressed as I am now. When I laid down to go to sleep at night I was out instantly and got up as soon as my alarm went off. 
1/2
--- 73185004
>>73184891
>>73184980
2/2
I really think I am cut out for working in construction like my dad and running a crew but it's a hard life and he always said I need to graduate college first then I can go back and eventually start my own business. That's my hope. I guess you and I just need to find the light at the end of the tunnel.
>My productivity runs on a random loop in different directions from week to week. Might just be me though.
Mine does too
>Though your symptoms seem way more anxiety and spergy compared to mine.
How so? I really don't know can you explain please?
--- 73185103
>>73185004
>difference between aspergers and schizoids
Very similar apparently but I would put it as : An aspergus isnt good socially because it is missing those "genes" and they probably want to be social an so on whereas a schizoid just cant be fucking asked to deal with people, personally I only deal with people that aren't forcefully funny ( imagine an amateur stand-up comedian having certain movements or looks on his face when he is obviously telling a punchline whereas someone like karl pilkington could make you laugh just by telling a story or ranting about something.
Generally I would just say a schizoid is emotionally dead ( 90% of the time ) and an aspergus is just emotionally scrambled.

>How do you trust all those meds?
If it isnt addicting or doesnt instantly kill me I try to take it to see if it helps me ( I just want to get rid of my depression honestly ) I also need to take it to get my neet-bux atm, trying to get ahold of disability-buxx
>I'm in the southern US so I don't know. I don't trust them especially after the vaccine.
Try a private shrink or something, as I said they probably wont strap you down aslong as you dont allude to harming someone.
>Do you think I can get a diagnosis without them putting me on meds against my will?
See my previous answer above, they will most likely ask if you want meds but you can say no.
>Where are you from?
Norway, I am going to move back to my grandparents and see if I can inherit their house, I dont have any other plans in life other than having a place to live and a place to waste my time aslong as I dont plan on ending it
>How so? I really don't know can you explain please?
My body temp increases when I start stressing out. Im more annoyed at the idea of going to school with people or being forced somewhere daily rather than afraid / stressed out. 1/2
--- 73185143
>>73185103
2/2
Im "lonely" because I choose to be, people waste my time usually so I pick out a few people who either do the same things that I do or can be resourceful to me without abusing them or letting them waste my time ( imagine knowing a programmer, artist etc ) I have an older friend in the military who have a bit more life experience than me and who also plays games so we get along well since we dont really waste eachothers time.

As for depression I suppose its mostly the same for everyone, though as a schizoid id say my baseline / factory mood is like a soft depression / dysthymia everyday so I just barely function and only put 100% into short bursts of productivitiy at times. Starting to wonder if im slightly bipolar because of it.
 
Im also not on any social media.
I sucked at sports because I was fat, until I learned about motorsport, this allowed me to be actually get good at a "sport" for once other than games.
I also dont make eye contact, mainly because I dont see the reason of doing so mentally and I guess I have grown a weird "fear" over it since then, its just uncomfortable to me.
Poor handwriting since im bad at it and get "into" it and write fast or whatever, my writing heavily depends on what is streaming through my brain, if I want something out of my brain instantly I might fuck up what I put out or I migt seem extremely weird and eccentric if I give it enough thought.
In social situations I just get extremely cold and boring unless I am interested in a person or a topic being discussed. Im fine with walking through a mall or a crowd but being trapped in random small-talk with a stranger is the worst for me. Havent puked yet because of anxiety basically at all.
--- 73185167
>rehab as a teen
>gave me about every SSRI known to man
>attempted suicide twice
>depressed for 15+ years now
sometimes just having a good routine is all it takes to make things a little better. I recently got an adderall prescription and it's definitely helping me manage better than anything thus far. pills and doctors are no substitute for actual human interaction though. going the extra mile to make sure I don't end up alone is the hardest part.
--- 73185294
>>73185143
>Im "lonely" because I choose to be
Ah I see. I am lonely because I kind of fell into it. I never wanted to be and when I have been with a cute girl in the past I am in heaven but I have a hard time communicating. One girl last year gave me a hand job in my bed and called me autistic because I jumped up and started telling her the face she was making was freaking me out and I couldn't read her

I guess I really do have aspergers

>Try a private shrink or something
Ok I will ask the same landwhale doctor I went to before for a psychiatrist because last time she said she could refer me to one. 

How old are you by the way?
--- 73185319
Going to the gym I'll be back in 2 hours my friends
--- 73185344
>>73184401 (OP)
They ask you generic questions, ask you how you have been feeling. They will prescribe you an antidepressant, most likely. You will see them every month for about 5-10 minutes, they will rush you out the door with your new script for goypills.
--- 73185428
I recently was evaluated by a psychatrist and was diagnosed with autism. Idk if her aproarch was normal or not by she was VERY confronting, asked questions that were vauge and expected a well thought out answer straight away, lectured me for long periods of time about self mediicating, brought up my mothers recent death (1 year ago last week).

It was very hard to keep my shit together. It felt a lot like being a kid being told of by an adult.

I know this was a stratigy because before and after the sessions she was completely different.

It honestly fucked me up mentally for a few days after seeing her both 2 times. But oh well, I have my diagnosis now and can get some extra funding from my gov for therapy and stuff, I might even be able to get a job at a company that caters to me more.
--- 73185771
Welp that was a pretty good gym outing. I was stretching in the middle of the track where people push the weighted sleds and some numale came up to me and told me to go stretch off of the track and I felt like ripping his head off

I admired one girl as she sat across from me and we did lock eyes twice but I didn't look at her after that

Not a bad gym outing. Feeling sore already. Going to sleep now, robots. Thanks for all of your input and I'm going to see the psychiatrist soon.
--- 73185779
>>73185428
Wait can you automatically get autismbux just for being diagnosed? What about if it's aspergers or I guess now it's "on the spectrum"
--- 73185819
>>73185294
21 ( you stoopid ) vine reference to bypass r9k filter
--- 73185837
I've always thought of myself as just a little bit funky in the brain.
--- 73186023
>>73184434
>I'm a vulnerable narcissist
Noted
--- 73186142
>>73186023
dont mind this guy OP, just some anon that thinks its funny to say that everybody is a vulnerable narcissist whenever somebody tries to talk about their mental health in the slightest
--- 73186242
>>73184414
>had some sex
Oh fuck off normie
Whatever "problems" you claim are either fake or you're exaggerating
