-----
--- 73184455
Hey /r9k/

I've been a NEET for something like 4 years now, only recently I've been getting away from this life. I now have my passport, driver's license and I've enrolled on university (math) - currently waiting for classes to start. Even thought about doing english classes as a non-native in asia to quit my shithole reality and country, but I don't know how I would fair within the chink's culture.
The social isolation, the migraines, the irritability, the fact I can't smoke anymore, the fact I can't drink anymore, the suicidal thoughts, the anxiety, being friendless, the asshole people that seem to want to fuck with me everywhere I go sometimes. I wish I had a .45 so I could blow my brains out. I don't think I could kill myself any other way, but alas I can't buy a gun because you know why. I'm pissed off at the bloody mental hospital, they said they were gonna hook me up with a therapist and never did. Now I luckily got a mailer for a therapist so I am gonna try to hook up with him. I'm so pissed at certain things and at the same time I'm depressed. I don't know what medicines to take, I have depakote but after about a week I start hearing voices on it. I just take 100mg seroquel a night, I can't stop it, I tried and I get migraines and basically I start losing my mind. I don't know what happened, but yet I do know what happened to me. Its weird I could tell you but its to long to post. My head, what the fuck is in my head, I feel so much head pressure everyday, everyday its so exhausting. I don't know what to do.

I've been also taking things like haldol and lithium, but have literally an addictive personality, so I'm sort of a drug-antibiotics addict. 

As every other NEET, I've been archiving and pirating older stuff from the 20th century for a while now, it's like I will never be able to quit this lifestyle.
--- 73184471
>>73184455 (OP)
>I wish I had a .45 so I could blow my brains out
I wish this for you as well
--- 73184493
I am no stranger to mental problems and have had them on and off for more then half my life. But recently/currently I have been having some delusions, my delusions are mostly about what other people are thinking about me. I have to "catch" myself a quite a bit lately and say "whoa what am I thinking"? Last time I was in the hospital I was diagnosed as bipolar/ocd. Also my OCD thoughts have been somewhat unbearable. They have been disturbing me greatly the past week or so. My thoughts are intrusive thoughts of losing control and attacking family members or sometimes others.

I am a little afraid I may flip out and lose it basically.

I know 4chan is not the best to discuss it over (I've been into places like bluelight.org and other forums), but does anyone here has any tips on how to quit the drugs / medicine addiction?
--- 73184771
>>73184493
Sup nigger, i have the same shit you do. I did a stint with a psychologist And this Is what she told me.
Im never getting rid of this. You can mitigate the feeling once you can locate it.
Kverulant paranoia is whats Its called, learn to separate delusions from reality. You cannot control what other people think about you, So why bother thinking about it. If you Are thinking about it, stop immediately And call someone speak with them about fucking nothing, anything. Generally people dont five a fuck, ONLY the ones that want to get close to you, or hate you. Good luck separating those two, i have no idea hahahha fuuuuck
--- 73184850
don't you think going from neet to uni is a bit much? i'm a neet but i will try to get a trucker's license (european) and work that for a few years
--- 73185000
>>73184850
I don't have any other options. 

I don't like life in my country and I despise the rat motherfuckers inside of it and the whole current political climate - yes, I'm a fascist, yes I was on /lit/.

I guess the most gruesome path would be to go and get admitted into a psychiatric institution. However, they will really fuck you over more than help. If you weren't suicidal before you would be after going in there. Doctors here are really crappy, one minute visit in the morning each patient and then done, see ya! Too bothered to investigate further. They didn't even ask me a basic question such as why are you feeling so bad, they just confabulate between themselves. 

They like to overprescribe antipsychotics, I was on Haldol, Abilify, then Clozapine together with Lithium. Side effects were horrible, I couldn't concentrate for more than 5 seconds and drooled like crazy, dark thoughts went away but so my mind. I spent the time just by watching the ceiling for hours. The more secretive ones outside of the cities are certainly to be doing things illegally. However, you can have a surreal experience there and meet some strange people depending where you are. 

 Scavenging the internet and archiving doesn't seem to do much anymore at this point so I'll be going back to classical lit, drugs or planning to get the hell out of here, knowing that a chance elsewhere might be better than the quagmire of under-employment and hellish life.
--- 73185018
>>73185000
thanks for boosting my ego, i'm a friendless neet but i'm normal compared to you, i'm this way because of apathy, clumyness and forgetfulness which made me drift away from society and normal life, but i'm not struggling, i actually love living and i love the world i just don't like actively participating in society
oh, and drugs kill your body mind and soul, don't take them unless you're psychotic
can you believe they hooked up my sister on methylphenidate, zoloft and ketrel? And she has a bf, friends, interests, well-paying job etc. It's not the people who are sick, it's the world which has gone insane and healthy people can't keep up
--- 73185056
>>73184455 (OP)
hang in there bro, there's nothing worse than being isolated from society even though society's garbage
you'll get there
--- 73185087
I just hope you don't discover that working is actually worse for certain types.
I tried to be a wagie and got exposed as a sperg. Now I have nowhere else to go, but NEETdom and solitude.
