Watching chemistry videos with waifu edition.
Rules:
1. Talk about your waifu!
2. Be devoted to your one waifu for laifu!
3. Let waifuism guide you.
4. Don't feed drama or shitposters.
5. NO 3DPD!
6. Most importantly, have fun!
Previous: >>72861137 
First post for AVA
second for Ahriiii
Marikya!!!
Fourth is for my beloved Foury! &lt;3
LINA!!
Shadow is cute. Cute!
total waifu love
A post and then a toast to Diane Morsecode. 
you imagine her hair to be malleable, or be actual hair?
It has the same texture as an animal hair wig that's been dyed a little bit too much. Stringy and dry. 
Diane is very capable of being intimidating and aggressive towards others, and there's no reason I would make her spare that attitude towards myself. Hell, I'd love to have her nagging me about something. Mean women are cute, and I can take it. Wish I had a lot of art to post here, but niche taste only gets you...not very far. 
I want to grind my waifu's gears while I'm doing maintenance on her internal systems for her. It'd be pretty intimate for her. Probably all sorts of buzzing and small-shock sensations involved, things that can only be translated so far in descriptions of them spared to my amateur mechanic ears later.
I love my wife
Sharing food is sharing love
New thread same love for waifu
We are waifu bros as we have similar taste in waifu.
Mareeka&lt;
I headcanon that he's into scientific stuff and wants to learn more about the evolution of mortals.  He's also into flowers and gardening. 
what does he study? what sorts of things does he take interest in?
I headcanon that he's into scientific stuff and wants to learn more about the evolution of mortals.  He's also into flowers and gardening. 
space dandy is apparently a classic so I expect good things
It won't disappoint you; it's one of the greatest animes in existence.
lmao I know, this sucks af; most headcanons don't feel like extra character development or improvements, just some weird ass fetishes and self-insertion imposed on the characters.
Damnnn I didn't expect Four to have this kind of chaotic energy, but that was funny af
My dearest love, my heart beats for you alone, and I am forever grateful for the day you came into my life. For you have brought me joy beyond measure, and your love has given me strength in times of weakness. You are the light that shines in the darkness, guiding me towards a future filled with hope and happiness.
Your beauty is like a garden in bloom, a symphony of colors and scents that fill my senses with wonder. Your eyes are like pools of liquid gold, reflecting the beauty of the world around us. And your smile, oh how it melts my heart, like a warm ray of sunshine on a cold winter's day.
In your embrace, I find solace, a place where I can rest my head and forget about the worries of the world. Your touch is like a gentle breeze, soothing and calming, and your love is like a flame that burns ever brighter with each passing day.
With you by my side, I feel like I can conquer the world, as if nothing can stand in the way of our love. For you are my rock, my support, my everything, and I am nothing without you.
Every moment spent with you is a treasure, a precious memory that I will hold dear forever. And every kiss we share is like a sweet melody, a symphony of love that echoes in my heart.
I have never known a love like ours, a love that is pure and true, a love that is as strong as the mountains and as deep as the oceans. For you are my soulmate, my partner in life, my one true love.
Together we will journey through life, hand in hand, heart in heart, facing every challenge and celebrating every victory. For we are two halves of a whole, destined to be together, forever and always.
And so I pledge my love to you, my dearest one, with every beat of my heart. For you are the light that illuminates my path, the love that fills my soul, and the happiness that fills my life.
I'm awake! Chara and her partner continue sharing our love. Feels good.
Have a Nanaka, thread
It's awesome that we're able to go on dates early in the morning and get back to uni in time for lunch and classes.
Kotori is KUTE. Love her or whatever
Because her brother is a worthless sack of shit, and Kotori gets up too early in the morning. Her brother more or less takes care of her since their parents are always "conveniently" away on business. Honestly, I'd probably sleep later than she'd want me to as well so she'd probably try waking me up in the same manner. However, unlike her brother, I'm likely to just drag her back into bed with me to snuggle.
Huh? What? I have no idea what you're talking about
https://vocaroo.com/1it5SOpPxwal
New Randy court audio
Waifu question time
what would waifus pokemon team be?
I know, right? I personally don't mind yaoi and such things, but slapping one billion gender and sexuality labels on a character is just pure nonsense! If you truly want to have a character that will meet all your insane expectations then make your own instead of changing a pre-existing one into a whatever mess of labels and pronouns "headcanon" blogs on Tumblr make! (picrel is the first example that I remember on top of my head but there's waaay more out there)
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
I know, right? I personally don't mind yaoi and such things, but slapping one billion gender and sexuality labels on a character is just pure nonsense! If you truly want to have a character that will meet all your insane expectations then make your own instead of changing a pre-existing one into a whatever mess of labels and pronouns "headcanon" blogs on Tumblr make! (picrel is the first example that I remember on top of my head but there's waaay more out there)
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
I know, right? I personally don't mind yaoi and such things, but slapping one billion gender and sexuality labels on a character is just pure nonsense! If you truly want to have a character that will meet all your insane expectations then make your own instead of changing a pre-existing one into a whatever mess of labels and pronouns "headcanon" blogs on Tumblr make! (picrel is the first example that I remember on top of my head but there's waaay more out there)
what do you think of waifus source material?
I know, right? I personally don't mind yaoi and such things, but slapping one billion gender and sexuality labels on a character is just pure nonsense! If you truly want to have a character that will meet all your insane expectations then make your own instead of changing a pre-existing one into a whatever mess of labels and pronouns "headcanon" blogs on Tumblr make! (picrel is the first example that I remember on top of my head but there's waaay more out there)
lmao I know, this sucks af; most headcanons don't feel like extra character development or improvements, just some weird ass fetishes and self-insertion imposed on the characters.
I know, right? I personally don't mind yaoi and such things, but slapping one billion gender and sexuality labels on a character is just pure nonsense! If you truly want to have a character that will meet all your insane expectations then make your own instead of changing a pre-existing one into a whatever mess of labels and pronouns "headcanon" blogs on Tumblr make! (picrel is the first example that I remember on top of my head but there's waaay more out there)
Aw yeah, that's another thing I love Foury for! &lt;3
Hasbando...
tumblr was a mistake
Uq3gtKa3u6
Invite to Waifu Worship Center, this thread's Discord. All waifus/husbandos are welcome. 
Form your own opinions on it. It suits some people, but not others.
NamelessVoice#2831
DixieDux#2882
Mliz#4949
Pa255ion#1867
That's Tumblr for you. I remember going there during one of the new Pokemon games news cycles and within an hour a new character that had basically no information about them was already trans, bi, non binary, and a huge list of other things that most of them I don't even know what they are. Not sure what their obsession with these labels are and trying to make things fit into these labels even if they are confirmed to be the opposite of said labels. Best to just ignore the yokels I find.
Why are you shilling this server so hard
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Team Galactic, maybe? I don't really know, honestly. I feel a bit ashamed that even though I've a Pokemon fan for such long time yet I barely remember anything about the games' lore..
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
Foury doesn't wear clothes but if he did, I think he would look amazing in a fancy suit with tie! &lt;3
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
Nothing, he's already perfect! &lt;3
what do you think of waifus source material?
I love pretty much any content Jacknjellify make of BFDI, it's all great especially if it features Foury in it! Except for Among Us videos, I prefer to ignore the existense of those...
Best kind of advice! Exactly what I've been doing since there's isn't actually one can do with them. They can have their garbage headcanons, I'll just stick to canon and live on happily &lt;3
The real reason is because the server allows people to have 3d partners and waifus at the same time, while this thread looks down upon it. She basically wants validation
i know you want to expand your social club but please stop spamming the thread
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
The one I am sending you here.
Very good. If you have time, I suggest you to play Mahoutsukai no Yoru. It's a bit long (=20 hours) but It's a great story.
when the invite is posted there is a knee-jerk reaction of seethe because they are reminded of their ban 
keep posting it
I was never apart of it. I just feel like discords breed drama and create division in communities, an "us versus them" mentality that's already rampant in these generals.
shitting on them furthers the us vs them mentality. it's not like the discord will stop existing if you insult them enough.
Love me oreng, simple as.
most headcanons don't feel like extra character development or improvements, just some weird ass fetishes and self-insertion imposed on the characters.
Exactly this. All too often, they're a downgrade, even. People will ignore and shove aside all the little things that make a character who they are, all their development, in favor of sexual identity circlejerks possible for literally anyone. And of course Jojo has some of the best-written characters I've ever seen and a fanbase full of Twitteroids. As if that's not bad enough, some will go so far as to raceswap characters whose canon ethnicity is important to the story. I hate it. Hate it hate it hate it.
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Fiery and flying Pokemon.
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
He looks good in everything.
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
I'd make him real and in love with me. Either that or I'd change how his story ends.
The best part of a truly amazing franchise, even if the plot of the second half leaves much to be desired.
Tumblr and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
According to his cinematic, yes.
if waifu is already super powered, they're stripped of whatever abilities they may have that make them super and are essentially now as powerful as an ordinary human. how do they cope?
He'd likely have a confliction of emotions. Happy that he can have his original self back and free of the worries of his azakana potentially reawakening and taking him over but bothered that he can no longer save others from their own figurative and literal demons.
what do you think waifu smells like?
Cucumber and green tea or cinnamon, brown sugar, and apples
base Yone
Cucumber and green tea or cinnamon, brown sugar, and apples
Spirit Blossom
Lavender oil and cherry blossom
Battle Academia
Mango and ginger
Dawnbringer
Blueberry and vanilla
Watermelon and cherry
I haven't settled on anything for Crystal Rose and Inkshadow yet.
I don't have any sexuality headcanons for him and despite what the retarded shippers who shove him together with another character he canonically sees as a little sister think he has no canon love interests. Many people across different cultures, including the plethora of Asian ones, see him as gay though.
Snuffyfag didn't get banned
He wrote a incel tier wall of text of him seething because of some harmless joking about trannies then ran out of the server like a pussy before he could see anyone's response
I meant like what kind of pokemon would he use, fire type, water type etc
that doesnt count you cheeky bastard
My favorite outfit for Lina is this one.
But Hanafag and Avafag didn't agree to fuck Snuffy for him yet.
just some weird ass fetishes and self-insertion imposed on the characters.
Exactly why I avoid fanfictions. They're all just weird sex shit.
pokemon
I've never played pokemon. Probably water type though
outfit
her pajamas. She just looks go cute in them.
one thing i'd change
RED BOTTOMS ON, HUNNID MILL CASH, NUN I'D CHANGE
In all seriousness I would probably make her into less of an alcoholic. It's clear that it isn't healthy for her and I worry about it clouding her head and judgement a lot.
lol
do i even need to elaborate
who cares lol
i peak in there every so often and from what i can tell it isn't that bad
i need to see this
Ask someone in the server about it.
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Uh I'm not really familiar with Pokemon so I wouldn't be able to name any actual pokemon but he'd have Steel/Ghost/Dark types I think.
what do you think of waifus source material?
It can be a hit or miss sometimes and when it misses it misses pretty hard. Overall his world has a lot of potential and it really pisses me off sometimes how much Riot squanders it not only in narrative but in things like merchandise and spin off games.
now you just need to wrangle yasuo up for the family picture
Yone would have to find him and drag him back to Ionia first to make that happen. He will have his own separate guest room for when he visits though.
they've got a hell of a story for show and tell in school
I've always imagined them being homeschooled. I'm not much a teacher but Yone would be an excellent one and I'm sure he'd want them going out and forming actual connections with others while I'm worrying over them getting bullied because they might inherit some unusual features. We could probably reach a middle ground of them being homeschooled in the early years (like kindergarden to grade 1 or 2 or something) while the rest of their education is spent with others.
I am an idiot and that whole second half was suppose to be for >>72916151 
in reality whenever the invite is posted it immediately breeds non-waifu dramaposts such as
look at every post pre-invite and it's all waifu stuff
retard
subtle
???
i quoted a reply to a post about "le seethe" and a reply to that post
you can't seriously say that posts like 
would exist if not for the invite being posted
hahaha, w-what the fuck is going on
I want to floof her tail!!!
I don't think that a gated off and closed community should try to assert it's control on an open and free thread. But I do hope more and more people join the discord, so that we get to the point where you wonder why is the thread always so dead, as if you didn't accelerate its demise.
I'm gonna do the needful and answer questions, even if I don't have an easy answer to them. Maybe even think of socializing topics and discussions
what would waifus pokemon team be?
It's been a while, I'm not familiar with pokemon teams. The only one I remember is Team Mystic from when I played Pokemon Go back in middle school so I'll just go with that
Would be a fun meme quiz to do though, I might do it later tonight!
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
I've said this before, but I really like her casual dress (shown somewhat in this pic) that she sometimes wears on dates. Beautiful, comfy, and casual, all at once. It's really close, though. I like so many of her outfits.
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
Bring her into the physical realm, obviously. But if that's cheating, I'd say I'd want to increase her willpower. Have her be a little less carefree. But I understand why she doesn't want to be strict, and it's a big balancing act.
what do you think of waifus source material?
The human brain is pretty neat. More powerful than one initially thinks :)
Are you the guy with the tulpa? Good taste if you are
What is the end goal of these bl0x waifuposts
New fantasy unlocked. I'll try sharing food with Nanaka this dinner
Mahoutsukai no Yoru
Neat, I always thought she was from Fate, due to the Takeuchi Takashi style (which is pure kino btw. Made a bunch of Nanaka renders with that style)
As I suspected, well, good thing I had a backup answer ready
You remind me of the Romeo waifufag we used to have for some reason
Prefer the left, right looks too much like mastuh chief
Kotori is without a doubt, the kutest and most snuggly girl ever
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Well, I guess she'd like fire type to an extent but she'd want a balanced team since she'd want to be tough. I can see her being a Pikachu fan, honestly
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
Her commander outfit is pretty nice, but I don't really have a favorite. She looks great in these pink dino PJs too.
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
||No more crush on her brother||
Garbage fire, pretty much everyone involved in its creation should be strung up
That what they're calling it these days?
Probably because it's from Fagnite but honestly he doesn't look all that different in Doom Eternal.
Holy smokes he can sure dance up a storm even while in that amour that I can only imagine weighs a ton.
total Kim luvin! (from me)
at last i see
why is he a worthless sack of shit?
pokemon team
hmm...
No idea but I know she'd probably be a gen 1 purist
favorite outfit for waifu
pic related, or her default outfit. (tracksuit shirt/skirt combo
she has a bunch of other outfits though and they're all so pretty.
I need more Kim pics. 
one thing you would change about waifu
I genuinely cannot think of a single thing.
what do you think of waifu's source material
Scott Pilgrim is a very solid series of graphic novels with a killer aesthetic, good art. and some very cool fight scenes. they absolutely nail the video game vibe and it's a cool time capsule of the early-mid 2000s. it's definitely a period piece nowadays. idk why some people get so butthurt over the """""questionable"""" content in it
Tumblr has a lot of cute Kim art on it
she's canonically kissed a girl before. she's canon bi.
listening to it, it's catchy but i wouldn't listen to it on my own
gives me mega man vibes
calling what?
doomguy in fortnite??
Reddit: The Post
why is he a worthless sack of shit?
He's a 
Th abuse comes form him more or less making her act like a different person something like 90% of the time. If you've noticed the hair ribbons she wears, which ones she's wearing reflect her current personality. It is stated that her white ribbon personality is her "true" self as she acts that way when no ribbons are involved. He black ribbons are a facade brought about by her brother giving them to her and telling her to be less annoying. Why anyone would want to change the treasure of a person that is Kotori is beyond me. He's a monster. She spends most of he show with the black ribbons on because she is incredibly insecure because of him.
Getting to see her wearing this gorgerous dress would be so beautiful
I see some reatrded r*ddit user or porn artist cutting the fool again
R*ddit communities always manage to be by far the most retarded ones. Hell the FGO subr*ddit is covered with the most unfunny ms paint memes I've ever seen and some consider my wife a loli
Reminds me of that scene from the SpongeBob movie
kek you're right
What kind of gay activities are we talking about
Really beautiful design, great contrast to her old look. The closure she has is also really sweet and fitting for her story. Do you imagine yourself on her world or just yours? The way she's living makes it easy to "insert" yourself and the relationship you have with her. But having such a sweet and peaceful ending is amazing, you both deserve it.
Classic big vidya company move being shitty, wonder how he'd feel about people supporting him and his work, as frustrating as dealing with those shittiers may be
how'd you find out about kyou? did you drop out of the fandom like aquafag?
Playing her gacha, it wasn't love at first sight but she was the first thing I got on the game. I remember being surprised about how such a cute girl was supposed to be a berserker servant, and her summoning line stated the same "I am servant Kiyohime, do I not look like a berserker to you?". I avoid it but not really actively, as I just lost interest for the game over time, I keep up with the main story, events where my girl appears and GudaGuda events which are the only story aspects I really care about. It's been 5 years after all so playing really feels like a chore, really don't get day 1 JP players who are still religiously playing after 7 years.
who the hell would ever want to betray such a sweet girl anyway baka.
Unironically a homo, imagine being scared and running away from this cutie
be careful anons, a woman scored will turn into a dragon
Dude should've expected it, an girl being so angry she just turns into a fire breathing dragon is just a regular day on japanese folklore
She loves the mc regardless of the sex, but the female one is non canon just like on every gacha so she's 100% straight.
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
Serperior
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
Dragonair
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
Gardevoir
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
Milotic
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
Giratina
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
whatever's meta rn
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
Her regular one as always, that kimono is just perfect for her
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
Not being real for starters, then her role and development on the story to make her the main girl
Could be better to say the least
MMMMAAAARRRRIIIIKKKKKA BACHITANA
Huh? What? I have no idea what you're talking about
Maritori. Kotorika!!!!!!!!
III don't know what meanss SSSSHHHUT up
Can I have a waifu if she has a canon boyfriend? It feels wrong.
it's a cool time capsule of the early-mid 2000s. it's definitely a period piece nowadays
Slayers is so mid-late 90s anime it hurts. And that's why I love it. Just look at Lina's face. I miss when anime had characters making exaggerated reactions and every character had their own theme and shit.
Sounds like normoids found out the earth existed before 2015
comfortable sleep with waifu after being exhausted all day
also reposting this image because it's cute
i'd make him real and in love with me
ZASED
what was it
I need to rewatch the movie but from what I remember it really wasn't that bad.
so I did leave again but that's less because of the server itself and more of because I'm paranoid and refuse to even be in servers with pornography channels. That shit rots your brain.
join the club. I fucking HATE Kazuma.
Giratina 
Origin?
Orthoworm is basically a goofy snake
Claiming this post for the number 5, Misaki Shokuhou.
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Garchomp
Vespiquen
Empoleon
Talonflame
Serperior
Diancie
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
Out of what she's actually worn? The nurse outfit was cute, as was the Christmas outfit. However, those remind me of things I dislike, so I'll just go with the classic Tokiwadai winter uniforms.
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
Nothing. Even for the things about her that I've come to somewhat despise, I wouldn't change a single thing about her. They're a part of who she is, and I fell in love with Misaki Shokuhou. Not some idealized version of her.
I loathe it, I loathe it for so many reasons. But as long as her story hasn't reached it's conclusion, I'll continue to read it. I often wonder what it'd be like if Misaki had well and truly died all of the times she was so very nearly killed off.
something LE HECKIN SCIENCERINO
I don't even think clear thinks about his sexuality enough to put a label- he just loves me specifically, man or woman. so bi I guess. maybe in the future everyone is bi in his world
the only one of these i've heard of is Komi San.
definitely give some a try when you can, they're all pretty fun watches that purify the soul. storytimes with /co/ is also fun too been a while since I joined one
oh gosh, this doodle is so cute. you are so small! which is saying something since 4 is very small himself
Oh yeah, that happed once, in episode 16. Here's the moment with the context
wew not having context is part of the fun. this is the kind of thing I need to watch while high
lmao when jello started crying at not getting a speck of dust
I am next level mad
whoa
 It gives me a bit of catharsis I guess
humans are expressive by nature so all the more to try it. it'd do me good in a lot of ways. I have a bad habit of avoiding talking about myself, and also would like something to reflect on. I admire seeing you guys fill posts with so much to say and pretty ways to say it
honestly I love seeing waifu essays and it's a bit saddening to know a lot of them will disappear because of how threads work. I hope every anon keeps their essays somewhere where they can reminisce the moment of pure passion they felt writing each one
Does your team have an answer to Glalie? Sure, Talonflame demolishes it but I don't think you have a safe switch in.
You can self-insert as her boyfriend. My waifu has a canon girlfriend and it doesn't bother me.
Since you guys gave me your teams I'll give you Lina's
Maybe I can just convince her to leave him.
I just wanna talk to him.
I just wanna talk to him.
I just wanna talk to him.
I just wanna shoot - I just wanna talk to him.
I just wanna talk to him.
Couldn't find the Cynthia cosplay image, 
what would waifus pokemon team be?
Bellossom
Gardevoir
Chatot
Sunflora?
Comfey
Flabebe
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
Her school uniform from Magical Pattisiere spin-off is easily the best she's gotten.
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
Not much if anything, it misses the point. That said I'm not that into big badonkadonkers.
what do you think of waifus source material?
I might give it a little more shit than it deserves all things considered. That said it's still ass. Solid 6/10.
1. Why pick a shitmon like glalie, I think you brought glalie up some time ago too (horrible taste)
2.
Discord moment...
Did you ever post the 3rd(?) daki? The one that came after this one, I think. I remember asking but don't remember if you did or not.
I dont want a waifu anymore, i just want a real girl... life is unfair fr
every character had their own theme
that's cool as fuck
sounds like normoids found out the earth existed before 2015
IDK why they cry over stupid shit
to quote Peter Griffin.
OH MY GOD WHO THE HELL CARES?
the movie's fine but the comics are better.
casting was pretty good imo 
Kim's more fleshed out in the comics and i wish they got more time to flesh her out in the film
Discord moment...
Fuck me, that's sad, can't believe I did that. That's what I get for talking to friends more, I guess
No, I ended up not being super happy with it, so I'm mostly keeping to myself. Kind of an annoying process, things didn't look right, felt pretty bad. Same guy that did the dino one (which I'm very pleased with), but for some reason they seemed worse, and were much less flexible, moving on to further steps without me giving them the okay then getting annoyed at me for wanting changes when ""they were so late in the process." Motherfucker I didn't approve the last thing you showed me, why would you move forward? Nothing in my life was going right then. Maybe I'm just cursed to never get an artist that'll just draw the goddamn wedding dress side correctly, it's not that fucking complicated. I'm pretty angry about it, actually. At the time I was just disappointed
posting in a bit hold up
*posts first*
hehe tough luck
damn you gonna do me like that homie
Do you headcanon your waifu as 100% straight or no?
Yes, but that will never change the fact that the barafags and fujoshitters draw the best fanart. 
what would waifus pokemon team be?
I don't know... Fighting and steel types mayhaps? I know next to nothing about Pokemon. 
what is your favorite outfit for waifu?
Don't make me choose, I like them all for their own reasons.
what is one thing you would change about waifu?
Nothing. Husbando is perfect as is... Except for maybe the debilitating trauma, but then he wouldn't really be Doomguy, would he? 
what do you think of waifus source material?
Very fun, a little silly. 
Holy smokes he can sure dance up a storm even while in that amour that I can only imagine weighs a ton.
Nothing stops husbando from dancing.
Forever cursed to be known as the "fortnite man" by the dopamine-fried gen alphas.
Of course you can, it's all down to your ability to deal with the fact that she has a boyfriend. Some people have a very hard time with this and it ends up generating frustration and jealousy for them, which then compromises the relationship they create. Others may accept it easily as they accept that their waifu may love someone else, or use the Headcanon/Alternative Universe to change this.
If this frustrates you, just imagine that they broke up afterwards or never met. But your love is valid.
Old anime has a charm that has been lost. The evolution of animation techniques and the trivialization of the stories told has caused a drop in quality.
It's Beautiful !
Technically, it is a prequel to Tsukihime and Fate. I remember seeing in UBW the mention of the Aozaki family. It's more or less afterwards Mahoyo that the timelines will diverge between the multiple temporalities (but I don't really want to start doing timeline analysis because it's long and bor