Sheeeit nigga edition
best kratom vendor? i need some red
why does weed make me good at gambling? it's like the opposite of alcohol
Where can I purchase one of these whores without the tattoos though?
go get taco bell with mobile app
Take a large dose of tramadol
Realize wrong order 
Go back wait another 30 min in line, getting angry
Calmly explain they gave the wrong order
They ask for receipt show them the emailed receipt
Says it's not a receipt and won't make my order 
Consciousness shifts and become irate , say to call the cops because I'm not moving
Eventually they remake but I know it's spat in so I throw it out and cry my eyes out, whaling
I just wanted a comfy start to my weekend, I rarely get fast food anymore let alone taco bell because they're usually not open after I get out of work or are only serving breakfast , but I had a half day today and was looking forward to it since yesterday
I hate this, taco bell is sitting there in my trash but I can't eat it. At least I got my Baja freeze
Worst part is since they remade it , I can't try to do a charge back or rather I could but I'm not lying to my credit card company
That's why you ask for extra spit and cum, so they don't give you either just to spite you.
you should have gone to checkers and gotten the funnel cake fries
shit it unbelieveably good
also works
Opiate rage is an annoying beast, don't understand the mechanism that can make you so comfy and so angry simultaneously
Funnel cake fries ?!?? Why can't I have a checkiers near me. Although what I really want is a Sheetz or Wawa.
Hell anyplace open 24/7 with good eats would be nice. Working nights sucks when it comes to shopping and restaurants since COVID
one of the greatest moments in my life was when i was walking home nearly dead drunk and someone in their car offered me a single funnel cake fry
shit tasted like a window to heaven
same reason there are certain emotions and things (not necessarily lewd or whathaveyou) that not even Hollywood can depict
Think I'll microdose acid again today, did it last weekend and it made me wildly productive. I think because when I was sitting still all I could think about was all of the jobs I have around the house and garden. Also will hopefully keep my mind off of opiates and benzos for most of the day.
I got myself a 5g chocolate shroom bar, how much should I eat to have a good time? (never done drugs before)
get $5,000 work bonus
have no plug
stash very low
Feels bad man
Half is a reasonable starting dose.
Luckyherbals green mang da for sure, OPMS black extract shots for the best legal way of getting high
time for onions :3
get two of them because chocolate bars don't do shit LMAO you're literally eating like 0.5grams of psilocybin and the rest is sugar and bullshit
just eat the whole thing, 7g shrooms was one of the best nights of my life
O-DSMT OUT OF STOCK EVERYWHERE REEEE, hope kratom fends off withdrawals 
Feels bad man
That gypsy stripper that fed me cocaine all night is trying to scam me out of more money.
First time over $500, plz no scam
Kek give it to her, do more cocaine
Does Cannabis work for pain relief or is it a meme.
go get taco bell with mobile app
Goyslop
be 20
drink 15 shots in a night, stay up until 7am, eat nothing
no hangover
be 21
drink four fucking tallboys in an entire night, eat salty food and carbs
wake up dead
why does turning 21 destroy your hangover capacity
It does for some, it's a dice roll. But serious pain not really, deals more with aches and the like
it does, partially an effect of distraction though
Gunna eat 6g of shrooms and ma y shots of alcohol
Honestly, I think the hangover thing is a myth. It's just a lot of people don't take care of their body and as you get older you're body can't handle how bad you are to it.
Also easy cure for a hangover, drink more or drink enough you wake up still drunk.
kratomdistro, they have $40 kilos of good quality
A few days ago I did crack cocaine again after almost a year and a half of having tried it on at least three occasions.
zero euphoria or elevation of my mood, I just felt a shock bombing in my head while my throat closed due to the instant increase in blood pressure and heart rate, I literally couldn't utter a single word. 
Fuck with those who say that it is a powerful drug, I never got psychological dependence on it and I can try it on the occasion that it occurs without walking around the street desperately trying to see how to get the next dose.
Bump
Vump
UUUUUUUD RREEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAA
Welp my anus is prolapsed badly now, no longer automatically goes back in. If I got to doctors I won't tell them about drug use, which j know is bad but fuck those narcs
nigga hwat
Y'all are doing hard shit but I'm good with just weed. It's enough to make me temporarily feel alright, so I'll s all I need
I'm already ruining my body with all the caffeine and smoking, I'm in no rush to speed things up with stimulants
why does something which has no effect on luck increase my luck
Such a fundamental misunderstanding of probability, skill and drugs.
spoken like someone who is unlucky
and as if live poker isn't just a mind game when it comes down to it
Poker
Skill
Lol, end of day poker is 90% luck and just 10% skill
luck and skill are my middle names, along with stupid and impulsive
will you be my gf? XD
no thanks, i prefer being a hairy mustached slightly muscular man
1l of beer
700ml of wine
2 shots of wodka
who /drunk/ here
You are drunk if you can't even spell vodka
I had a 40mg edible last night but it wasn't as intense as the highest 20mg i"ve had in the past, does weed loose it's magic after first trying it or am I building a tolerence? 
Took some phen, got horny now I'm hitting the vape 
Feel like a degen getting high twice in a row but I'm basically waiting until tuesday so
the polish and the russians spell it with a w
australia
big cyclone 
raining for like 10 hours straight
got some White China I'm just snorting in my room with a neck pillow on
who here /comfy/ rn
Rainy weather is a drug of its own
comfy
i love getting drunk or high during our 10 annual hurricane
Any other ocassional crack user here?
laying in bed doing chemistry and smoking tabaccy
nice
i feel like my grandpa
hit a 30mg edible yesterday, was good
"chemistry "...ok
mg of thc is far from the only factor in how strong edibles are, i ate 100 mg of live rosin gummies once and couldn't breathe when they hit and passed out and couldn't move for minutes when i woke up (i was in public too lmao :&lt; ) and threw up but i've also had 100mg drinks that i could have more than one of at a time and smoke+vape at the same time and never get uncomfortably high so unless it's the same type of edible and same brand you probably just found something that's weaker in practice
It was a 40mg of thc oil capsule vs 20mg of gummy edibles
when you drop the vape pen and have to go through the Seven Trials of Herecules to get it back
Overall I'd say you'll be okay with the whole bar. In my experience the chocolate bars are way weaker than mushrooms straight up. Regular mushrooms I'd tell you to take 2g-3g for a decent first go. 
The never done drugs before makes me think that maybe some people can't handle their shit like if you ever heard that 911 call of that cop that ate edibles lol. 
But okay minor tips I'd say take the mushrooms on an empty stomach. Have some TV ready to go, I'm finding long running sitcoms good (keep the environment the same) vs documentary (too much in the real world). If things start to go wrong, make your world smaller like just watch the TV. 
I'm kind of an anti phone guy on shrooms like fuck that live in it while it's going on. 
Just be cool, wear comfy clothes and maybe have a blanket around you could get cold or hot or have to go to the toilet or throw up (empty stomach idea). 
Really I think my advice is more for high dose but you never know how much it'll hit you as an individual. I say have a blanket ready because you'll be so lazy it'll be a real adventure to get one later but could be fun. But really you are better preparing, have food around but don't use the oven for a frozen pizza you might forget about it kind of thing. 
I'm rambling a bit but get excited for others trying mushrooms.
I need to stop using weed I'm failing 2 classes rn and will probably only end up passing one of them
I stop doing fluoxetine daily like three days a go.
and i want to get high with tramadol but i read that's combination cause serotonin syndrome and i want to get high really bad i have some pregabalin to reduce possible seizures should i wait more time?.
how am i supposed to synthesize lsd if i can't do diels alder addition?
most relatable /df/ post ever made
synthesize LSD
or you can just buy it for super cheap
morphine + kpin = yummy :3
Like bro just buy it, its called research cehms even if your in the US just trake a trip to canada
robots when someone has a hobby
fluoxetine/norfluoxetine has a half life of 16 days
oh shit, i need to wait more and i really want to get high with tramadol y think i should do more pregabalin this night :(
ran 53km this week
what drug or drugs can I allow myself to do as a reward
weed
you need the calories
Are Tequila and Vodka pretty much the same thing? Which one should I drink to get more drunk/drunk faster with less hang over?
for me straight vodka is the best to avoid hangovers. Beer always fucks me up the next day. 
Just remember to hydrate regardless of what you do end up drinking.
ok if you want to synthesize it then you should absolutely do that
I just know my brother wanted to synthesize DMT but was too lazy to in the end lol (ironic me calling someone else lazy)
thc oil capsules might not contain terpenes meaning you'd miss out on a lot of the effects of actually, like, smoking flower, or certain other kinds of edibles, etc.
drug bump
just sparked up a j bros
Are painkillers or benzo's better for maintaining a functional 9-5 existence?
The effects sound kinda similar, is there any benefits to switching from opiates to something like Xanax?
I hate niggers so much bump
I drank some alcohol and am a little tipsy but I don't have anymore and I want to get drunker. I guess I shouldn't take my ativan right now to get faded cause I don't feel like accidentally overdosing. I wish I had somewhere around me that sells alcohol right now but it's 2 am where I live and unfortunately due to state laws I probably won't be able to find a place that sells booze. oh wellll
how do i stop myself from jacking off on stims?
RC scene is dead for the US isn't it. God dammit.
Wait till youre in your 30s or 40s, fucking pussy.
My hangovers haven't noticeably changed from 18 to 22. Initially I thought they were but it turns out I just eat like shit now. Before I go to bed after drinking I always stay awake for at least 20 minutes and do the following:
eat a snack
drink at least 500ml of water, preferably powerade or hydralyte (godsend)
brush my teeth
as soon as I wake up, I drink some water and if drinking heavily the night before take one gravol. As soon as I start vomiting its OVER for a couple of hours. The headache/general shitty feeling sucks, but I HATE vomiting deeply.
Blocked my toilet last night and kept forgetting to be plunger before j need, ordered on Amazon should come today.
Woke up today and for the first time i forever I'm withdrawing from opioids so of course I need to take a monster shit.
God, now my toilet has no water in it and just a giant shit that when I finally get the plunger is going to be there
just fill the back tank manually.
lift the lid off the toilet, pour water into a cup then dump the cup in the back until you've filled enough water to clear your shit
I can fill the bowl no problem by flushing, the problem is nothing goes down the pipes , it's blocked .
I would be if my FUCKING PACKAGE WASNT LATE
Crying, feeling sad, nostalgic, Why didn't I wake up and redose.
Don't want this , don't want this , don't want this.
Drugs are cool kids , of you're like I was reading this thread debating on if to start..just do it. Drugs have calmed my autistic mind to an insane degree, sure having to take the drug or experience withdrawals sucks but the same is for ssris and things like ritlian . The only thing bad about drugs is that society said they are bad and made them illegal.
Because if people are contact with some white powder, they won't go buy all the toys
Neck pillow sounds nice, just got my yearly bonus and was looking for things to buy.
One guy got one of those trykes/three wheelers. I honestly just bought a lot which might not even make it to me and then fixed my car and got a new CPAP machine but I got a bit left over
Will people be aggressive with you just for being very drugged up in public? Yesterday a dude I think was yelling at me when I was fucked off my face on dope. Had some stimulants too so I wasn't nodding, just prone to really obvious opiate eyes. The lids get drooped like I have eyelid folds, and around my eyes go pretty dark. Strange because another called me an asshole days before. Both these occasions I was just walking around minding my own business.
Naturally have opiate eyes
Also autistic
The amount of times people mistake me for a druggie instead of an autistic is amazing, granted I now am a druggie also but before now it happened.
For you, if people are confronting you, you either love somewhere bad or are doing some serious fucked up shit. Most people don't want to get involved with others
This is very high-tier shroom advice
euphoria from candyflipping is insane. you literally melt from the feeling of pleasure it gives you.
I've been sober all this month (not even caffeine) and I'm not even sure if I should continue. Nothing is getting better. I genuinely dont understand how people "get clean". Like wtf else do you spend your life doing? Thered nothing worth doing except drugs. I've just been browsing 4chan all day since April 1 bored and miserable
The French incinerated blackrock and are incinerating all EU associated police stations. Most police side with the revolution and realm divide has occurred. Its a Nazi-communist revolution. Every successful country has some kind of a peaceful libertarian progressive-populist Nazi-communism. Like Canada, Switzerland, Japan, and China.
Canada has all drugs legal and free healthcare and gives no wealth of any kind to Israel etc.
VIVE LA FRANCE
OwO
VIVE UTOPIA
VIVE WORLD PEACE
Everyone associated with blacked are ~mysteriously~ being killed.
https://twitter.com/Spriter99880/status/1646206886901956622?s=20
Many of the French arsonists are elderly because getting in trouble means nothing to them. So the arson is impossible to stop.
The revolution will only grow. And summer is coming.
It is a revolution of all kinds. A true revolution for all goodness.
Do you ever think of what TRUE PROGRESS entails?
THE ONLY GOD IS LOVE.
u.u
TFW will experience immortality . It generally upsets me
threadly remind to ignore schizotrannies
I think that's fake homie
Bumply remind to ignore schizotrannies
Unclogged and like no poop on the plunger! Not sure why I didn't buy it earlier, I remember back in December wanting to buy the Clorox plunger and scrub combo. Meh.
Wish I had my own house, I went one of those fancy Japanese toilets with heating, anus water thing, 6 tp roll holder etc
Is there tolerance/withdrawal cross over between 
benzos
alcohol
pheninut
gabapentin/pregabalin
Basically I'm wondering if I can rotate all of these "GABA" type drugs or they have tolerance with each other
2 grams of phenibut every 2 weeks or so as a substitute for alcohol when i feel like talking
like a bazillion grams of weed when the peak hits
it ain't much but it works, simple as
tolerance
possibly/probably
withdrawal
definitely between phen, alc, and benzos
pregablin is a niche case because it doesn't actually bind to gaba but affects an enzyme that leads to more gaba synthesis, so somewhat yes
take pregablin as substitute for alcohol
end up craving alcohol anyway because gaba addiction propensity
drink 4 beers and almost become unconscious because crosspotentiation
now my friends think i'm an alcoholic and don't invite me to drink yay
Getting my hands on some legal HHC. Seems to be naturally a occurring 'noid but I'm still feeling a bit sus. Anyone tried it?
There was nothing more annoying than being called a pill popper during my sober years. People want something socially acceptable to pick at. So if you're naturally clumsy they need to make it all about drugs so it's the justified thing to pick at and feel superior to
Does molly actually make women really horny to people they otherwise wouldn't
No, probably
MDMA fries your braincells and gives you holes in your brain
I just stocked up on phenibut Incase it ever becomes illegal but I don't do it only do opis, kinda wanna try it.
Safe to mix?
lmfao accurate as fuck
It's okay. Makes me more sleepy than most of the legal weeds. I prefer the Delta-9 edibles they can sell these days.
Just how dangerous is speedballing, specifically, with coke and painkillers? Want to experiment but in moderation, is there just an absurdly high likelihood of resp arrest when taken together- w alcohol too? Any suggestions or similar experiences?
I'm going to relapse. I can already feel it and I've accepted it. Theres literally fucking nothing to do other than drugs.
it's over. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol. i accept that i cannot responsibly use alcohol.
Is liftmode phenibut legit or no
Sometimes i take it and feel jack shit, sometimes I think I feel something
Only thing I consistently feel is music sounds better
can't do drugs because the company I work for does drug tests
Shit sucks
Dude buy synth urine
can't change jobs because where i'm currently working didn't drug test me but everywhere else around me does
tfw job sucks ass and is a big catalyst for my current depression but won't quit for this sole reason until the day i man up and stop taking anything for 1 month+
Why has Phenibut been removed from nootropics depot?
Can ketamine give you psychosis from doing it sparingly? for instance once every 2-3 months. 
Or do you just get it from continuous abuse?
recommend me some drug books, it can be anything from novels to clinical research, right now ima read The Doors of Perception, thanks bros.
I think Spain should have this flag
Or something of this colour array
Pink and black
I wonder 
An X seems common
What is the most unique symbol
God if Spain gets more legalization 
Then
All of Spanishish land will 
Even the Spanishishishish
I think peaceful libertarian-Nazi-Commie Spain is a really hot soul nowadays 
Adds good Nazi moderate-anarchism to the swing of things
They probably got cold feet after seeing retards take 10g+ a day.
I think it's a meme, been to many festivals where everyone was supposedly on mdma and still saw girls everywhere pushing guys away, telling them to fuck off etc.
this idea that they suddenly get in a party mood and start making out with guys is BS
only if she likes you already
drinking has become gross and boring again. I'm gonna go back to being a pothead.
TFW never tried weed and can't do it because jon requires monitored drug tests at random times
doing it today
my legs are completely pulverized lol poking my shins feels like kicking a wall
mix beer n weed den
best way to gain weight after abusing stims for weeks? i want to gain about 25lbs by september
pasta and cheesecake
I weep for your toilet
couldnt you get fake/clean piss and use that?
weed and high calorie food
minimize physical activity
Weed doesn't make me hungry much. It does settle my stomach which tends to be shitty and upset, even when I'm not abusing drugs lol.
benzos and stupidly high calorie smoothies
Pikhal tikhal
Bought a dry herb ""vaporizer"". Very interesting, works well. Feels like it gets me high efficiently with a very little amount of weed.
what is the best combo with phenibut? 
im thinking pic related
Out of all the available methods of weed consumption I've found dry herb vaping to be the superior option
Efficient 
Good high
Smell doesn't linger
Can control temp for level of high vs terp enjoyment
Only real issue I see is that it's a higher cost of entry then joints.
Is it safe to mix phenibut and kratom? Anyone tried that? I'm thinking about taking maybe 1-2g of kratom tonight, that would probably be enough to see how it interacts. I've had 5.5g of phenibut, I don't feel aggressively high or anything. I'm definitely feeling the stimulant effect with slight vision impairment. It feels similar to being drunk off 6 beers but without feeling stupid.
I've never grown shrroms but I think you can legiterally just google magic mushroom spores and find cheap vendors. The spores themselves are technically legal so you can just check reddit or whatever forums pop up.
Can control temp for level of high vs terp enjoyment
Since I'm obviously new to using these things, what's the difference in temperatures? I figured it was just how blasted you get on the first hit, but I read things like "terp enjoyment" or "convection vs regular high" and I don't really know what changes.
The basics of it:
Some of the better quality vapes let you adjust the temperature. Either in set intervals or granularity by a degree at a time (Though these are usually only reserved for the higher end units). Weed officially combusts at around 450 degree F. So all vapes tend to max out around 420-430 degrees. The higher the temp, the more THC is evaporated and consumed, however: THC isn't the only component to weed. Terpenes are olfactory compounds in the plant that effect the taste and smell of the herb, but each terp (depending on what it is) has a max temp that it's best enjoyed at, where any higher will destroy it. So it really depends on what you're after in terms of consuming your herb.
tl;dr
higher temp = more stoned, but more acrid or "Burnt" tasting weed.
not him but i've been getting some of the comfy drunk vibes on weed recently
i was very pleasantly hypnagogic while listening to mahler 2 wrapped up in a fuzzy blanket, it felt like a nice dream
Inuit are very different in warm countries 
I have yet to know anyone who I feel could ever imagine what I have seen without experiencing it themselves.
72985427
most people don't experience schizophrenia, correct
I fucking hate niggers
I fucking hate nigger people
Greetings everyone I AM THE USA.
And I COMMAND ALL DRUGS AND DRUG DYRADS AND DRUG ELEMENTALS TO BE FREE. I command that they are all FREE!
Lets see what that statement does.
You know, Inuit are all enjoying the marijuana legalization in Canada. Astonished even.
Gosh YOU CAN imagine that.
Nunavut is marijuana and psychedelic UTOPIA.
Cozy heaven.
Lovers paradise.
Schizo tranny from Surrey B.C Canada
Hope you get run over by a car or truck
Inuit really are so different in warm areas. And it s not difficult for Inuit to be in warm areas. Especially with Canadas amazing hyper effective transportation system that causes Canada to be the most potent military entity ever.
Which it would alone. But really everything Canadian is almighty.
I know some Inuit in Surrey BC 
Party gods 
And they make me grateful, so grateful to be alive, and they amaze me in ways that ever more has me believing in our future.
They are completely different in warm areas. A people of such a profoundly unique soul.
Everything about them is unique.
The most unimaginable autism of the most lost universes. 
And they are THRIVING.
It makes me wonder what they were before other tribes pushed them north
The Jest (picrel) is #1 top tier /lit/ druggie kino.
A Scanner Darkly is pretty good drug fiction too.
Pynchon's Inherent Vice is another.
also for nonfiction i recommend Pollan's How To Change Your Mind.
if you haven't read Huxley's Brave New World, maybe go for it after Doors of Perception. it isn't drug-centered but drug use is a big component of the worldbuilding.
Surrey is officially an Inuit etc area.
So many of the lost far northern tribes have the warm land they have always seeked. . . in Surrey.
I bless their prospering utopia and independence.
The Canadian soul always thrives with indigenous soul and indigenous autism. There is infinite lost indigenous tribes that are being reborn. Infinite lost timelines making new stands.
There is INFINITE kinds of shrooms. And shrooms of infinite psychedelic mutations always have grown across all Americas etc.
Be aware.
Certain strains have different magic.
There is such a curiosity to bloom.
Whilst it does come down to luck, yes, people have come up with whether to fold, raise or check on every card combination based off what your opponents are doing like a complete formula to win. In high level competitions it's about knowing this formula and then just bluffing out of your ass when you have to to win large sums plus experience level.
Tho, I have heard that shrooms have grown across Europe forever. I wonder what history to believe. 
Because it does seem as if the history of Europe and shrooms was destroyed.
If it is true that Europe always has had shrooms, then I wish for that timeline to re-emerge.
How are you getting white China up North? Are you the king of karratha or some shit?
I believe that drugs were far more popular to our ancestors than some history would have you believe 
I believe theres infinite perspectives to history and infinite lost stories
It is worth it to infinitely daydream of lost timelines.
All is a thought; but what isnt?
Every love is a timeline of all potential.
Every love is a soul.
Thanks for explaining it anon. I have an induction heater with some temp controls on it, so I'll probably mess around a bit.
here you go anon, here are some pdfs
https://www.mediafire.com/folder/mq7fu10l31ct0/drug+books
I can add more to the folder if people would like, these are just the couple I had lying around.
If you walked down the street and found a ridiculous amount of shrooms growing, how many would you eat?
None until I properly characterized, cleaned, and dehydrated them. I would then probably take 1.5-2 gram equivalents to the typical cubensis on a good occasion.
Yeah, true but I think they used herbs and '''plant medicines''' more often than recreational drugs. I think these things were used more as medication and for religious ceremonies than for recreational use. The rather flippant relationship we have with drugs in the western world would be foreign to most cultures. It would be weird to do heroic doses of anything. The relationship we have with drugs is not good, even though a lot of normalfags and addicts think it's healthy to do massive amounts of psychs and turn yourself schizo.
None, because I don't want to accidently eat a deathcap and die painfully. Sometimes poisonous mold can grow on shrooms too.
Faded.
Want to buy some K from my dealer
is a 30mg edible too high for someone with zero tolerance? 
i just want to chill out not have a panic attack
It doesn't. You shouldn't gamble while impaired. Your good luck will eventually come back down and you will be at a disadvantage because your thinking will be slowed.
characterized
they bruise blue when touched
cleaned
they are growing in the ground, there is nothing to be cleaned, they are in perfect condition
dehydrated
the point is i dont have a dehydrator or scale
 1.5-2 gram equivalents to the typical cubensis
I will probably let 90% of them rot and microdose like you.
I ate a dose from this spot last week. I came back today and there are 10 more doses about to rot because I am afraid.
I feel like I am about to turn down a potentially life changing experience.
I feel like I am about to turn down a potentially life changing experience.
Not exactly what I'd call a trip to the hospital but sure.
Tell myself I'm just going to nap for an hour or two, sleep for 8 hours. Every damn time
Do you mean the psych ward or regular hospital? I bet my life that I know how to ID these every time I eat them.
The last time I let God decide my dose I got out of hospital 6 hours later because I was completely back to normal.
30mg is my optimal dose, it's when I'm almost perfect in terms of highness.
But I didn't jump straight to 30mg, and that was smart by me. I started at 10mg, then went to 15mg, then one night did a 15mg and then another 15mg about 90 minutes later, so it was 30mg but spaced out, and it felt fine, so I jumped into the 30mg in one hit and it's perfect for me.
I have a pretty low tolerance, I'm only an occasional weed user
Recommend me a stim different than molly and alpha. I run out of molly and I don't like alpha cause I keep redosing it like a tard. When I did mephedrone I stopped at 200mg cause I felt good. With molly I don't need to go above 150mg cause of lmao serotonin. Meanwhile alpha is so purely dopamine-centric drug that I never feel satisfied on i