Rejoice everyone, the weekend is here and so is sissy Saturdays!!!!
From crossdressing to anal, chastity to cum eating, discuss everything related to sissyism here!
For how long has this been going on for?
I'm too lazy to check but this is probably the 4th or 5th edition of Sissy Saturdays
somehow this possibility has never occurred to me.
Heh so kinda new then, are you all the same OP?
I've made every edition yes
really? I remember seeing these threads before, just not religiously
I see
what's in it for you?
size difference
Hmmmm
I really only come here to make sissy Saturday threads so if something like them was posted before I'm unaware and they weren't me but I'm happy to hear other robots are sissies/love sissies
I enjoy discussing femininity with other boys
Elf femboys indoctrinated many men
gay thread wtf dud
Gay board faggot
How many regulars you get here?
I don't know to be honest, I can only recognize like 4-5 people who post in every thread regularly 
Sissy Saturdays usually end with 180-250 posts and die on monday tho, I know that much
How do I cope?
Happy /sissy/ Caturday :3
What did you get up to this week?
who r those regulars?
Why do boys make cuter girls than women?
I had my 3rd ever sissygasm this week!
How about you?
The cute femboy with dreads, the femboy who swears he's not a femboy, the sissy who's always showing off his panty collection, this sissy>>72969603, etc
Wow this is OC and not just a pic off the internet!? I should come here more often with such cute girls! :3
What's the problem?
Because you're gay(and that's a good thing)
What do you think is the problem!?
Lots of reasons, boys have higher sex drives, no periods or pregnancy scares, has a more traditionally feminine mindset (e.g. I want to be someone's boywife: cook, clean, worship my top) and there's more that I've missed
Congrats! I'm still training my hole, been meaning to but I'm lazy to do butt stuff lol. I've been away this week but I'm home now and ready to get into some naughty fun and take some pics too during the week ;)
Yep this is me! You'll find me only on 4chan though haha, I just like coming here to be lewd and share pics
got any ass pics cutie :3
I don't have to take this from you.
Sure! Mind if I sit on your face? Nice dubs btw ^-^
ok but only if we take turns :3
God I wish I could have been cute enough to be a sissy
Life sucks
It's so much work isn't it! The sissy struggle is real
You know it's never too late to be a chubby nerdmaxxing femboy
It's too late anon
Also I would never want to be chubby or fat
Guess that I'll ask here since the creator was mentioned in the last thread: does anyone here have Dreamybunny's videos uploaded somewhere? Most MEGA links from kemono were taken down recently. I need my anime sissy fix :'(
Yes I'm happy to rim each other hehe
Aww anon, what's stopping you?
Oh yeah haha, It's becoming a hobby in itself given the amount of time I spend on this stuff!
Autogynephiles are disgusting mental patients. That is all.
Agreed. I wank to this shit because I'm hopeless.
I wish I was attractive enough to at least get a sissy bf. Women won't ever want me but someone to hold would be nice
At least you're honest, don't believe the hype. You can be better.
If you're not too picky you absolutely could get a sissy bf
This guy's going to be a staple of these threads it seems
Nah, I'm ugly as fuck and I can be funny sometimes but you need a lot more funny than I have to offset the level of ugly I am.
Old and ugly
i tried out some sissy stuff and bought some stuff for it and figured it out it wasn't for me. however it has taught me that getting into the right headspace is important to maintain arousal, so hopefully i can transfer this knowledge to keeping a women satisfied.
What did you buy, a didlo?
Also congrats on understanding yourself better
damn for real i'd nut on you if i could man
no homo tho, also afraid if you get a boner it'll be bigger than mine
cages, dildo, lingerie. i guess i learned how proper garter and lingerie is put on so that would help me quickly take it off (on a woman hopefully). i didn't enjoy the buttstuff and the upkeep is put stuff up the butt is a lot of work. i learned about how materials are effected by certain other lubricants which has given me how to think about materials behind products for clothes and stuff and how that would be helpful for the activities that i do. also about shaving your junks as well so i have used that knowledge to keep myself prim and proper
I don't call myself a woman or expect to be treated as one, I just dress up and be a slut online :P
*pats head* I'm sorry you feel that way. But you can still dress up for fun, I do it even when I'm not taking pics :3
Hehe I'd love for you to blast a hot load all over me anon ;) I'll lick it off my body and swallow
how did reading that give me a stiff just from that 
anyways i would save up for days for the opportunity to do that, seriously
Damn you really went all out, admirable 
Based
What do we think of the new Ganondorf fellow sissies?
Not as hot as Demise
how did reading that give me a stiff 
Hehe call it magic ;)
Perfect, I love big thick loads sprayed across my tummy teehee
Too noble, I prefer ganon more ugly bastard-ish
Sissy Sunday coming up sluts
You're face would be a better place for it
The one with dreads also kind of thinks the word "femboy" sounds omega cringe I heard from reliable sources.
They also think a lingerie general will take off
Oh yes, cum all over my mouth and into my throat, I'll swallow it all up like a cum hungry slut ;P
Also, aren't any other sissies posting lewds today? I was hoping to see more cuties today :3
I can lewdpost with you anonee!
I personally just can't stop thinking about rubbing pantsu together with a cute nerdy anon~
Ooh yay! Let's be naughty together hehe, I'd love to grind our cocks together >:3
Frotting is so nice, literally the gayest thing you can do, especially when you combine it with some moist boykissing~
aaaah meant to tag you
No worries hehe :3 Hope my bulge interests you~ Wanna rub it while we make out?
oh my~ I'd love to feel it up while being all over your lips and mouth. That's really a lovely little bulge anonee!
Cobson's playpen.
Thanks~ ^//w//^
Rub it 'till it gets hard and sticky, then we can frot and make yours wet too hehe ;)
Very nice, I've been thinking of training a new sissy. It's so fun locking them up in a cute pink cage and watching them squirm.
The more I see these threads the less I want to be sexualized. I just want to be loved :(
hot. any pics?
you deserve kisses and cuddles anon &lt;3
Anyone here who just likes girly stuff and not that big into the sissy fetish aspect? Not pretending to not have lewd desires I just like girly stuff in general even when I'm not horny.
Ty frenny
Ooh me! Sometimes it's just comfy to lay in bed wearing thigh highs and skirts, plus panties feel soft and I don't get horny from simply crossdressing per se 
I'll give you a snuggle too~ (^//w//^)
You guys are so sweet :3
Just happy to make another anon smile :D
Ilysm ty ty &lt;3
You a sissy too? Do you dress up much?
Wearing panties to church wwwwwwww
thread's slowing. anyone still around?
Sissies aren't really morning people, I've discovered.
and it just so happens that I get morning wood, which is unfortunate that a sissyslut isn't here to help relieve my hard on
Well it's not saturday for one
That is a shame, I'm sure any sissy would love to be woken up every morning by feeling your big hard cock in their boipussy
we all know the thread is for the whole weekend
See, I wake up at 6:30 every morning, only more proof that I am infact innocent and these threads have been framing me.
Yeah yeah, post another pic in thise booty shorts pls
Guys call X slut
Foid:FUCK YOU MISOGYNISTIC ASSHOLE
Sissy:No Im not uwu
Guy spanks X on butt
Foid:FUCKING CREEP SEXUAL HARASSMENT HELP
Sissy:Dont be so rought daddy uwu
Guy offers date to X but gets rejected
Foid:Im just really into relationships right now
Sissy:You arent my daddy bye uwu
i want more of your pics even tho I'm usually straight
got snap or discord?
Sorry anon, I'm not active on socials! You'll see me around on 4chan though, like the trap/femboy threads on /b/ and such (^o^) And I'm glad to make a straight guy like you curious about boys ;)
lmao
I'm busy in the middle of shaving my legs, but even if I wasn't I wouldn't honor that request, people saved those pictures and now I'm embarrassed.
I haven't seen those though :(
fucked a femboy before, wasn't really my thing
but idk man,your legs and ass kinda do it for me
Well either way I'm happy to know you like them anon, I appreciate it ^w^
I promise that you won't be embarrassed 
What was that like for you, how did you meet the femboy you fucked?
What was that like for you
was ok
met him before he became a femboy, when we we're in 5th grade. Kept somewhat in contact for the next 8 years,but only on whatsapp,nothing IRL cause i changed schools. Then after the 8 years, met him at a friends birthday and kinda hit it off
That's interesting. Do you guys still talk
Anyone happen to know if there's a better hair removal cream than Nair? I used nair on my left leg and shaved my right by hand and I definitely prefer the results I got by hand but it takes soooo long.
What do you mean I won't be embarrassed? I'm already embarrassed.
sometimes,but i find it awkward to have normal friendly interactions with someone i once fucked
So I actually got glasses recently because my eyesight has been getting worse, but I don't really like them and I think they make me look old and strict or something.
Exactly so you won't be anymore embarrassed than you already are
I still don't think I look good enough to be posting in these thread, but fine whatever, but only because I just got done showering and shaving myself and feel very comfy right now. I'm only posting ones that I've already posted, u don't git moar.
OP here I'm a 2020 newTROON if that matters
I haven't seen this one so it's new to me
Nice try but you don't have the true soul to falseflag as me
They look good. Did they not have a wide variety of frames tho?
np, got more pics?
And I bought the ones I liked the most but I still don't really like them because I guess glasses don't really work on me. I don't really need them either though. It only slightly improves my eyesight.
There's also the complete teacher look I guess. Not a fan again, makes me look old.
Oh, well I figured that guy who asked me for pics on discord would've shared it by now, he shared all the others I think.
can i get your discord?
feeling horny rn
You guys are horny all the damn time, it never seems to stop.
Rebel_Yell#4022
You give off fun art teacher vibes
Eh, you look good regardless, but switch to contacts if you can and have the money, best decision I ever made even though I thought I looked alright with glasses.
Lmao why would you give it out still
I'm forcing myself to talk to people because I'm trying to be less antisocial, and not everyone tries to immediately lewd me so I get some good conversation on occasion.
I suppose the actual question is why do you come here, specifically to the sissy thread, to meet folks?
The first time it was because I was going to call oh pee a fag, now I feel the need to save face and emphasize that I am, in fact, not a femboy despite my attire. But I don't just come to these threads, anywhere people are posting contacts I've sorta weaseled my way in. Except for servers, I'm afraid of those.
Makes sense
Was he cute at least
Why
Too many people, and they usually have people that already know each other so I feel like even more of an outsider. Just makes me nervous is all.
yeah, otherwise i wouldn't have fucked him
Gotcha 
Gotcha, send him my way
jesus thats brutal
It sort of makes sense, in that once you've dressed up all cute and girly and gargled on a man's cock and let him do all sorts of rough and disgusting things to you, he can never view you quite the same.
but idk you could still be friendly in the way you are with women I'd think
Well, now I know that if I ever fall down the rabbit hole I can't let any of my male friends fuck me or they'll think less of me :(
I mean, maybe they won't think less of you, but they will start treating you more like they treat a girl, but I actually liked that
i treat him more the way i would treat an ex. like, you can't exactly go back to being friends after you fucked someone and then moved on
is it just because you moved on, then? would it be different if you were still just fuckbuddies?
yeah,most likely
well yeah that makes sense.
Imagine if there was a sissy in your friend group do you think you'd treat him differently?
depends, I definitely won't treat him like i treat girls. But if he's just sissy amd doesn't make it his whole personality i wouldn't treat him different from my other male friends...
are there any decent workout guides for this?
I like this guide personally 0
even after you did all sorts of humiliating and feminizing things to him?!
especially then, don't want my other friends to find out.
when we're alone, it'd be different
fair enough! I had a fuckbuddy for a while who loved to tease me and insinuate all sorts of sissy things while we were with our friends. It was so hot but also so humiliating at first ahh
kek
i don't like femboys or 'sissies' but crossdressing is hot. i want to humiliate a guy more masculine than me.
how would you do that?
That's to figure out later
Be honest, does he turn you on in an "ugly bastard" kind of way?
Honestly?
Not at all friend
Did a boy write that filename for you, you deranged maniac?
Yes, I kinda want him to rape me in a dark alley.
This just sounds like you want to try only for him to turn it around on you.
how are you going to humiliate me if you don't even know how!
Nothing is beyond my reach. I will dox you and rape your stinkpot.
you can't rape the willing. HAH what now dummyguy
You won't be so smug once you're locked in my playpen with all my toys. I'll turn your skin into a wallet or smn.
schizos these days
Meds &amp; sproke now.
yes take your meds please
Damn this is hot shit.
Sissy and proud
I'm actually amazed that that hasn't been said yet on this board.
What can I say, I'm a revolutionary
viva la sissy revolution!
Guess so.
Some weeb tell me what the text says pls
probably something dumb that doesn't translate I bet
Built for BCC (Big Cobson Cock).
I belong to daddy Cobson!
Gotta say, it was another successful sissy weekend
no, I'm not ready for the sissy thread to die!
I miss posting in these threads. Once I get back to my previous weight I'll start again, so let's keep this thread alive while I quickly lose 50 pounds
OK!
Hurry anon pump 50 pounds of cum in my ass!!!!
does...does that work? I'm willing to try
It's only a theory right now, but theories are meant to be tested!
All built for Cobson.
i prefer this one 
same, I don't even need to lose 50 but I definitely need to lose some weight and then I can dress all cute again!
getting a sissy more and more feminine like they're supposed to be
god I wish I had an ass like that jfc
cute little pps, so cute. but yeah keep working out and you'll have it!
Here's another pic to add to what's left of /sissy/ Sunday, nice to see this thread still up :3 Hope to see y'all again next week~
Fugg
Imagine you wearing that for a date with me
Ooh kinky, well you'd have to bring me along by the collar while I'm on all fours if I'm to go anywhere ;)
Based, keep em coming it'll give me a reason to browse this shithole again.
Impersonators always try their best to fit their own perception of an ideal, whereas the real thing doesn't care much about it and just bee themselves.
Why do you think sissies give such passionate heads when a lot of gay normies barely have any sex drive?
Why do you always hide your face.
Now I want to see it.
I'd rather stay at my place and play with your tiny cock and your nipples
Don't you worry, I plan in making em every weekend til I die
I like to keep this side of me private, I'm not comfortable having nudes that are identifiable. Also I'm not that cute looking anyways lol.
Sounds like a plan anon, keep me as your little pet to tease and toy with at home, use my body as you please and cum all over me as you make me lick it all up ;P
wish I had a sissy hole to pump cum in
Make it happen anon
Have you even tried?
posts dudes on hrt
thats not sissy, those are guys. you know what a dick is, right? what guys have
You're such a cockhungry little slut, aren't you?
You make me want want to pin you down and give you all the dickings I can
You're some kind of retard huh
where the hell do I get a bunny suit that fits?
I am not "big" but still too big to tuck into a 1 inch gusset that you get on regular women's' body suit kind of things
or maybe just up my tuck game?
Etsy might be your best bet for something like that
what you shavin with ?
Refer to here; 
I just used a cheap disposable razor and the nair cream for sensitive skin, it was my first time doing it by hand instead of just using hair removal cream and it took ages.
Am I the only one that epilates?
Shaving like requires one to do it again 2 days later or something right?
I bought a pretty cheap epilator so maybe a top of the line one would be different but it is simply useless on and hair thicker that the legs
it is good for the legs, lasts longer, comes out softer
Having things in my ass feels so good, I'm seriously considering getting topped. Problem is, men scent fucking disgust me and HIV is scary. What do ?
Seems like having him wear a condom would be a good place to start
Also can't relate on the odor aspect, a good smelling guy drives me crazy
Maybe I only met bad smelling ones.
Did you feel good getting topped ? 
How does it compare to a toy ?
