Dearest Robots; please answer my sexually charged survey. Your answers are going towards a good cause!
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
Do you find your erotic media in unusual places? Where is your go-to provider once aroused and committed to the act?
Please be as descriptive as possible. There are curious minds which value your words.
First thing I'd do is cuddle
I'd fuck her with lots of kissing
tall women are hot (think 5'9-5'11)
I don't watch porn, sadly I'm seeing a lot of that on this site, I might need to stop using it again like I did for the past 8 months
I'm changing my answer I choose to go down on a woman actually
heres your datamined stats
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
Since this is sexual I think I'd start off by eating her out while simultaneously caressing her breast/nipple area. Then I'd go through with the normal stages of sex, penetration, ejaculation, etc.
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
I'll give you both a physical feature and an action, a physical feature I find really hot are wide hips, generally a decently sized lower body. I don't know why but I also like athletic girls in a way, I remember smelling literal girlsweat of a classmate when I was younger and it reminded me of sex at the time.
Almost always Xvideos, Nhentai, and Hanime.tv. I usually like to watch/read very tame vanilla stuff with small fetishes squeezed in there at times.
picrel is just there for fun, thanks for letting me think about some stuff for once on a weekend
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
First time I meet them, I'd want to take it slow, intimate, more loving, cuddling, really form a connection with them. After that, I'd want to indulge in them like they're the finest wine and I'm a sommelier. Oral, anal, foreplay, see how many different positions we can work in until we find the perfect one. I wouldn't be able to resist them. I'd even want to have sex with them while they're sleeping, knowing they'd be willing to give themselves to me any time of the day.
What minor feature or action drives you wild?
I love women with glasses. I don't know why, something about it makes me really attracted to them.
I'm not a huge fan of the sex industry. I mostly consume hentai, read doujins, but I like the emotional aspects of porn as much as the physical aspects. Sometimes I go on AO3 and read written erotica, where you can really get into the characters mindspace, understand exactly what they're feeling, why the sex matters to them, every little thought they have while fucking their partner, which is something you can't get in a visual medium like regular porn.
oh I remember you, you've made survea like this before! hello :D 
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
cuddle and go to sleep together
I think it'd feel great to know that somebody accepts me and wants to be close to me 
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
I don't have anything like that
I go to places like rule34.xxx and other booru's because they have a lot of stuff that satisfy my wide range of preferences
shit, i'll help you out even more i realized i couldve said a bit more
I'd like to let it be known missionary and cowgirl are some of the sexual positions I'd go straight to.
forgot to thank op for the sexually provoking image, definetely downloading to spam in my friend's dms "you irl hahahah gaygay"
have her blow me while i play something and post the run as "with distractions"
anything that makes me realize a girl is into me
i like all kinds of porn: live action, animated, drawn, written
forgot to say, i especially like when porn has an actual plot around it
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
I would like to pick the woman up and fuck her standing.
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
Glasses
Online
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
Everything and anything I can think of. Her tongue will be in my ass, I will piss on her, I will fuck every whole, slap her, kiss her. I would make her send me videos flashing in public, I would make her sit on my face. I'm not really picky. Anything I think sounds fun basically. 
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
I love short girls. They are so cute and makes me wanna carry them around and hold them down while I kiss them. I also love jeans, they are super hot to me. I don't really know why
I try to avoid porn. It rots your brain and makes me feel bad. Some reddit NSFW can be fun though.
had a dream where this girl was very clearly into me and that turned me on to her
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
Nothing, I only want to have sex with another virgin who will marry me, I have no interest in having casual sex at all.
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
Women acting shy or being socially awkward, afros, very dark skin, being so skinny your ribcage shows through, having abs, having a flat tummy, having a slightly pudgy tummy like not fat just that small tummy some women have naturally, being very giggly, nice armpits, landing strips/triangle pubes.
I used to go to gif or nhentai, sometimes imagefap. I stopped watching porn because I feel like it was damaging my mind, so now I either jerk off while I imagine having sex on my honeymoon or I google "sexy black woman bikini" and jerk off to pictures that come up.
how do you deal with the porn on this site, I feel like it's made my mental health worse in the past few days where I actually started browsing again
i once had a dream where i was sitting alone at a bar and a chubby girl just sat on my lap and made out with me, latched onto that for a while
I just try to ignore it. Like if you see some nigger screaming on the street thing. Just keep your eyes away from it. I also mostly use blue boards so that makes it easier.
That's a very considerate answer, Anon! I hope you find a girl who enjoys gentle intimacy like you do.
Did you develop a taste in taller women from experience? Did you actively choose to avoid porn, ala 'no fap', or is it a personal choice divorced from any type of movement?
When you say wide hips, are you more referring to the typical hourglass body shape or are you also partial to the pear body shape? You may need to look up these terms, but I'm not certain there are well done visual examples.
I'm glad this thread helped you take your mind off of things! That's what it's here for!
You're very welcome! Do you have these positional preferences from experience or conceptualization?
My goodness, somnophilia is a rather unusual fetish! Did you discover it through a personal experience, or was it all introduced through intentionally erotic media?
Glasses, huh? It seems like that would be unusual, but I don't know for certain. I've always thought men disliked glasses as a rule.
AO3 is a good erotica website!
Hello! :D
Boorus have always disappointed me. I think I prefer some level of prolonged consistency; changing artstyles disorients me when masturbating, which is why I prefer to choose one artist at a time, stick to a single doujin, or things of that sort.
The 'under desk gaming assistant' seems to be a rising fetish in the newest generation; I wonder how mainstream it will become over the years.
Straight to the point I see. What about glasses entices you?
"Everything" is quite bold, but I can respect your candor! May you find your everything girl!
Awwwwwww it makes me happy this is the first reply haha :)
It was through porn, I'm not getting laid anytime soon. It's like a consensual rape thing, I don't have her consent, but she'd let me do it whenever I want that I explicitly already have her consent to do it whatever. That kind of thing is hot to me.
Glasses came from real life. I don't know when it came about but at some point I realized that every girl I was interested in had glasses on, until it reached a point that only girls with glasses were cute to me.
filename
body hair is hot (on girls)
that's interesting
I think I prefer the changing art styles because the stuff I masturbate to is also inconsistent
nta I think it's because you can buy sex but genuine loving cuddles are unattainable for most of us
to me it's about seeing if high level play is compatible with getting off as an experiment of sorts, plus the just-out-of-sight aspect of posting it online
That's a very considerate answer, Anon! I hope you find a girl who enjoys gentle intimacy like you do.
only thing stopping me is that there isn't a woman who desires me atm
I don't know, I'm 6' myself, but women who are that model height (about 5'9-5'11), I just find that hot
before coming back to this site I was largely porn free since I last browsed here in August
I try to avoid it bc I believe it is bad for your mental health, I think I'm gonna have to leave the site again bc of it
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
Hold her hand probably, and maybe cuddle her
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing
When she has your back. When you know she respects and admires you. It makes her worth literally defending her with your life
Don't watch porn. If I have to I will use my imagination. Porn desensitises you. When you stop watching it, you can appreciate the subtle things about women more
yeah this is my thing with eating a girl out, I'd love to, but I need a woman who actually wants me lol
I've had sex via prostitution, but I don't think I'd go down on one unless she was really able to convince me that she's into me, I also wouldn't ask for a blowjob unless I thought this as well
Awww no dont say that, itll happen for ya just hold on!!!! :)
I'm sorry to say, the idea of a man googling 'sexy black woman bikini' is too silly for me to pretend otherwise. It fe
els like quite the thing a middleschooler would do!
Well it sounds less like 'non consensual' and more like an agreement to remove personal boundaries, which I can definitely agree is potently erotic!
Body hair? You like body hair now? I will never manage to decode you boys' minds.
You think it would put you into a 'flow state'?
I assumed as much, which is why I wished you luck!
Aw, pure romance. How lovely!
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
I'm a raging submissive so my default tendency is to ask what she wants lol. I guess if I had to choose myself I'd just lick her pussy.
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
I had to think about this one. Maybe dance related things like if she does a pirouette. I don't know if this is really 'minor,' as it is a fairly noticeable thing if someone chooses to do full dance steps in public, but it's all I got.
Sort of. I do not watch porn. I look at erotic media of partially-clothed women. In particular I have a massive ballerina fetish and when indulging in this fetish I will watch full ballets on Youtube. I don't mean like ballet porn, I mean I'll literally throw on a full professional production of Swan Lake or Giselle or whatever and use that as erotic media. I genuinely find it 10 times more arousing than any porn.
I want to hold her tight in my embrace and whisper every loving thought that her touch and scent bring out in me, to rock her side to side and clasp her hand in mine, to break apart and bring my hand to cup her face and kiss her deeply. 
I've so much love to give and no outlet for it but my dreams.
What do you think led you to become submissive? 
Oh, you devil. Pure love and romance and intimacy is excessively degenerate...
I hope so, thank you for the nice words
of course! I think it's because body hair on a girl is pretty rare, I've never seen a girl with hairy armpits or legs or a happy trail 
Also the idea of a girl being so comfortable around me the she doesn't feel ashamed about not shaving because she knows I'd like her regardless, is cute
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
Touch her hand, her face, maybe her boobs and butt too. Not sex though cuz I only want to have sex with someone I love.
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
It's as physical as it is mental, but it is the girl having an athletic body. It's hot to me not only because it looks good (as long as you don't overdo it by taking steroids and only working out to bodybuild), but also because it shows that the person is disciplined and hardworking, someone that is more active than passive.
Just the usual porn websites. I like fit girls but not the bodybuilding muscular kind, and I also am not into being dommed, so it wouldn't make sense for me to go to those websites which I know exist because those are usually the ones that are suggested to me.
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
pc-comform edit: Shower sex. I love to soap up a girl all over and then fuck her hard against the wall.
honest perv version: Somnophila. Nothing like a girl that tells you "You can do whatever you want to me while I sleep next to you" 
What minor feature or action drives you wild? 
Haircuts that show off her neck, slender ankles
Nothing too unusual there, a gazillion doujins sites, some for written erotica
if i could do anything to a girl i'd forcefully feed her earthworms. im sorry but thats literally what i would do. i like short girls with big tits and long hair that you can pull. i'd fuck her really hard after the earthworm thing but if i had to choose just 1 thing it'd just be the worms because im really desperate to do this to someone
Darn it id date you if I already didnt have a loving guy. I feel so bad. You are very sweet :>
at most it might make me less nervous in the hard parts, but i think the more likely scenarios are not being able to think about the game or tuning out the blowjob from too much focus on the game
What is OP's endgame? Does she get off to this? Does she sell her findings to China?
desu i wasn't even thinking of op being a girl, i just like to talk about myself
she's a repressed alcoholic FBI tradcath AI mothgirl coomer
i love her
Audibly kekkked
Make her watch Kengan Ashura with me.
looked them up, and yeah both of them are pretty hot
i'll list down a few other things i find hot since im wide and awake now:
glasses, breasts (literally just in general i like small and big breasts etc.), beauty mark moles specifically a tad bit under the eye or under the edge of each lips (yes 2b got me into that feature), I have a thing for women who are independent, basically can take care of themselves. At the same time I like the contrast of the girl whos sort of dependent on her boyfriend. This applies to both, but I'd say being very touchy and romantic to their partner is something I find hot too (I'm very touchy myself when it comes to affection). This is really just extra but a woman who shares my music taste would be nice (I like stuff like Cryptopsy, Entombed, Dismember, Cannibal Corpse, Carpathian Forest, Mayhem, Suicidal Tendencies, and Morbid Angel). 
it'd be kinda cute to wear matching band t-shirts lol, picrel added for more shits and giggles
I'm sorry to say, the idea of a man googling 'sexy black woman bikini' is too silly for me to pretend otherwise. It feels like quite the thing a middleschooler would do!
That is exactly what I used to do as a kid yeah. I would go on youtube and search for erotica and watch a slideshow of women in lingerie. I'm trying to cut porn out completely but I don't want to stop jerking off completely because that can lead to erectile dysfunction, but so can watching too much porn. So yeah I just stick to softcore porn and the easiest way to find that is to just google "sexy black woman" or whatever type of woman I want to jerk off to that day.
I find that treating yourself like you are your own parent is sometimes the best option to stay healthy.
Kind of like
Would I want my kid to stay up till 4 in the morning.
No probably not.
Would I want my kid to sit in his computer all day while eating junk food?
Definitely not.
Would I let my kid watch hardcore porn?
No.
Probably.
Thank you, that's kind of you to say. Honestly, that's just the start of what I want to do, there's so much adoration to give. I hope I get the opportunity some day.
Well my first girlfriend was dominant and I think that kinda set the tone for my later preferences. I think though that maybe some kernal of submissive sexuality was already there, I was already pretty passive in everyday life before I started dating.
opportunity 
torture (stabbing, cutting, bruising) to the point of her (not dead) being infatuated and reliant on me (stockholm syndrone type shit) 
minor feature
big eyes - usually brown,, long black hair worn down (if ur lookin for an action i like shy ones, so blushin n shi) 
usual pornographic sites, usually try and find good guro hentai
Well, in that case, are you actually attracted to bodyhair or just what it represents?
I cannot lie, I'm becoming just a bit frustrated. You say touch; how? Are you just going to run your hands over her skin, are you going to squeeze? Are you light or applying pressure? I want to know every detail you can imagine.
It seems athletic women are becoming more popular in recent times, which I think makes sense, as the average fitness of people at large goes down over time.
Somnophilia again, huh? You'd like that, despite her giving you no response? That's very interesting to me. I feel like it's a fetish that has more appeal for women than men, but I've never been too understanding of men's desires in the first place.
Earthworms? That's incredibly bizarre. How did this desire even originate?
That's what I'd assumed as well. I imagine it would be a more enjoyable combination for atmospheric games. Minecraft seems to fit the bill? I'm not a 'gamer'.
Ahaha, why would you even assume I'm a woman? That's preposterous. It would be deeply shameful if a woman just enjoyed talking to men about their sexual urges and desired, that would be rather pathetic, if I do say so myself. If I were a woman, being that brazen would kill me!
To each their own I suppose. It seems intense!
Interesting! Glasses yet again. Do you know why? 
Caring for yourself like you'd care for a child is rather wise, Anon!
Ah, that would certainly impact your preferences! I hope you're happy with them.
i didn't see this (You) my bad lol
Conceptualization, I'm still a virgin because I worked hard to get into the college I am in now, and I lived in a small suburban town with a large high school where most of my friends lived in a few towns away. I'd say the only reason I imagine these things is because I'm very high in sex drive, I try to avoid porn overall, but at the same time I can't last more than 3 days without relieving myself.
both!
glasses because one of my middle school had glasses too, i hate to say it too but i have a thing for gingers too because she was a ginger lol
i hardly ever play those, i'm usually neck deep in challenge
sometimes i'll do easier clears to chill out but usually i'm grinding
...Post hand
the first thing i would do is realize i am dreaming, followed by immediately waking up.
Awww wellll although I do love my boyfriend a lot and am very loyal to him. Maaaaybe I could get your email, just in case anything happens. Or discord. Orrrr whatever you use. Maybe.
You say touch; how? Are you just going to run your hands over her skin, are you going to squeeze? Are you light or applying pressure? I want to know every detail you can imagine.
Right, my bad. I think it'd be a bit of everything, because I'd be doing that because of my scientific curiosity. I'd run my hand over her skin to start with, just to feel the texture of the outer most layer. I'd also give them light squeezes and maybe a few harder squeezes, as well as trying to pinch them out to see how bouncy it is. Now that I think of it, I want to lick her arms, legs, face, and neck too. No specific pattern, again just to see what it's like. Not gonna do it to the armpits unfortunately lol. After I'm done I guess I'll just cuddle with her.
Nowhere near popular enough. My looksmatch would be at least a Stacy-lite just because of her being athletic.
the desire originated from the how eat fried worms movie i saw as a kid. girls find worms gross and seeing a girl in fear and disgust of having a cold wet slimy one in her mouth arouses me and makes me cum bucket loads. i get aroused when i watch fearfactor and the contestants have to eat gross stuff
If she was bound and completely at my mercy? I would lick and kiss all over her body along with some tickling, get off to it, then eat her out because I've never had the chance to.
Although this is more romantic than sexual, smiling. Seeing a woman grin at seeing me when I don't know them completely captures my attention, because as someone often insecure, it's never something that I expect to happen. For something more sexual, formal wear that "covers" the legs but still shows them off is insanely captivating, like suit pants as opposed to skirts.
I check a bunch of places at once, but boorus are one of the best to find something to turn me on. Tags and all. It changes from there depending if I want to finish while seeing a video or a picture.
Have faith in your relationship, anon. I truly do appreciate the interest, though.
do you get off to the replies?
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
If it was a real woman I would kill her. If it was a good woman, which does not exist, I would feel her entire body. I would massage and grab everything. I would hold her in my arms and stroke her hair for hours. I would kiss her very sloppily with my tongue in her mouth and saliva everywhere. I would lick and suck on her nipples. I would have her sit on my lap while I finger her pussy, kiss her neck, and whisper into her ear. I would fuck her pussy in basically every position, mostly favoring doggy style and pronebone. I wouldn't do anything to her anus. I would make her lay on her back on a bed with her head hanging off the edge so I could fuck her throat and watch her neck bulge, and this would be the best part of it all.
What minor feature or action drives you wild?
Brown hair, ponytails, messy bob cuts, chokers, skirts, glossy pink lips, somewhat large european/asian lips, perfect straight teeth, thin necks, thick transparent saliva/mucus, squishy wet sounds associated with the mouth/throat/saliva, the visuals of the way a woman's neck moves when she swallows something, the sound of a woman swallowing something, a woman talking about her throat in any context, wide hips, thick thighs, big fat natural ass
Not really, but some of the media itself may come across as unusual. I can cum in like 2 minutes watching and listening to a youtube video of a woman drinking water. Most of what I masturbate to comes from gelbooru, /gif/, redgifs, pornhub, youtube, and the audio porn thread on /t/
op has to reply to this, epic fucking QUADS
Awwww thank you, you are very kind :) I hope so too. I cant say Im not a little bummed out, but i understand.
Buut ill leave my discord juuust in case you change your mind. dreamyeyedfawn#6689
I hope you have a very wonderful day! And week! Aaaaand life. Actually, yknow I hope you have a wonderful eternity :)
I didn't even notice I got quuaaddss!!! :O
It feel pretty damn awesome to receive that sort of trust from a girl for one thing. Then there is also the lure of a taboo of being able to do whatever you want to someone who is fully helpless, maybe even more so than in most bondage games. In addition its is very intimate thing, being able to silently observe her every reaction unfiltered and unguarded by conscious hang-ups or worries of judgement.
If you had the opportunity to do anything at all to a woman, what would you choose to do to her?
To? Make her want to cry with joy. I think that would be the most fulfilling thing that I could do. Tickling them until they cry might be fun too. If we're talking strictly sexual... I think thighjobs are pretty hot. Intercrural... Lapdance.... Mutual masturbation... depends on the mood?
What minor feature or action drives you wild? It could be something like a certain mouth shape, or when a woman ties her hair in a ponytail; that sort of thing.
Playful teasing for sure. When they let their hair down...
I wouldn't say so. Usually the regular video sources but I guess I'm into some more obscure and specific things mostly focusing on the temptation aspect and the mutual erosion of resistance in a non-manipulative way. Literotica tends to be better for that sort of thing though. I've been trying to get away more from the visual stuff because I have observed a difference in my physical reaction and recovery versus other forms of media or thereinlackof.
God I can almost see the blood in those shoes the wood can hurt so much when you stand on them
I can sympathize. I grew up in an environment where sexual purity was mandatory, but my libido has never made that feasible since I was young.
Fair!
Ah... how a single person can shape our preferences for the rest of our lives...
It sounds stressful, certainly not something for me!
I think not! Plausible deniability is all I have!
Scientific curiosity is something I overwhelmingly support! I imagine many women would have a particular arousal from being inspected in such an unusual and clinical manner.
Well, that's about the most reasonable origin of the desire that I could have hoped for... and I can't say I don't understand your interest.
Well, if you want her bound and at your mercy, I suppose! Licking seems common as well. Is licking so sexually charged for men, is it a control thing, or are you genuinely interested in the flavor that women's flesh offers? Pants are so interesting to me, please elaborate!
Fine! Sheesh!
I admit, I do. This is a deeply rooted fetish for me. I was raised catholic; I've been sexually overactive since elementary school. I've been confessing to sexually inappropriate behavior to priests since I was young... or, you could consider it talking about masturbation in an anonymous setting. My local priest was somewhat inappropriate, so