LSFPL edition II
That's a nice L
forehead Ls are always the best lid
Get in you loser signs loving lads.
Nothing in the board rules to say you can't post images.
Yes lid fully agree
Funny how the post counter didn't go up when you replied there.
Image hating tyrant also monitors the thread for new IPs. Sad loser.
nah that wasn't me, see pic-related
What about now lid
How long have you been doing this for now? 8 hours?
I posted the first image here lid, I was being ironic
Hearing unconfirmed reports seasideMARK is getting a pulitzer for his AI research
No time limit on posting images lad. Jog on bully boy.
Posting spam with the implicit purpose of annoying people should be a cut and dry low quality posting ban. If you were doing it because youre weird its probably a free pass but if Mr Janny pulled up the threads they'd see very quickly that its low quality and simply trolling to annoy people and devalue the britfeel experience
Just want lilt back
You're not a janny you're just a mouth piece tyrant.
1. jannies cant tell others or even allude to the fact that theyre a janny
2. see 1
DUH!
He doesn't even know what tyrant means, nor do auditors. Tyranny has the implication of authority or power. They're just little spackers using a word they like to lash out at those around them.
Write us some nonsense about your imaginary frog and then post an image of it with its le hair system
Footlad and his right hand man losersignlad running the show now.
spam mong changing his routines
ALRIGHT GUYS ITS PJ AUDITS HERE. A TYRANT IS A MAN WHO I CAN DOMINATE DOESNT MATTER WHAT HE DOES, WHAT HE LOOK LIKE, WHAT HE THINK, AS LONG AS I CAN FLY THE DRONE UP AND HE DUNT LIKE IT HE WILL QUICKLY FIND OUT WHAT THE SCORE IS OHHHH DEAAAAAR.
Is "spam mong" in the room with us now little Iad?
For all the crying you did when the last thread hit image limit you aren't posting many images de leeeeeeeds. Get in sniff that.
not everyone spends their entire free time on this trash general.
The drone is the hot topic for auditors right now I wonder whats going to come next. Starting a barbecue in public space with plastic bags thrown on it so it releases dense toxic smoke? Im sure theres a lot of loopholes out there but these retards dont have free thinking (ironically) they have to wait to copy what other auditors do. Monkey see monkey do (gotta make sure other auditors do it first for a sustained period so they know its safe beyond any reasonable doubt as any real risk would leave them screaming and running off)
/^frosty jackz$/
Filtered 
Cheers x
Fucking hell Footmong is posting literally hundreds of fetish images to /britfeel/ every day. He needs his head looked at because he is not a well man
Alright guys PJ AUDITS here garn to do my favopurite passtime outside SPACCA Logistics, got me butane gas air duster havent I, going to cop some whiffs of it they will not like that ohhh deaaaarrr
Fuck I hope we hit the image limit soon, hurry up you disgusting mentally deficient porn addict prick.
Alright guys frosty jackz here, Going to post my thoughts about auditors and encroach in their sphere of influence ohhh deeaaaarrrr they will not like that.
going out for my 4 quid 3 course lunch and a couple of pints tomorrow, can't wait.
New davieboy vid dropping soon lids, can't wait.
There's at least 3 of them posting porn
Wonder if R MARK did some wambling on saturday get in deeee leeeeeeds
Your imaginary frog has got a smashing hair system, fat cunt.
Cheers x
slice of bread, half a bowl of soup and a handful of peanuts
Ohhh deaaar he did not like that, he quickly found out what the score was
Corr sniff this x
went on /a/ , saw a big anime booby thread. 
people seemed to be getting off to them rather than finding it all hilarious
spam mong pretending to be me now he knows to change the file names. 
Christ what a dad act. 
im in bed watching more critical role and snuggling stitch x
Get in de lad x
who is stitch
cooooorrr imagine eating some fresh turds out of that arse mmmm mmmmmmmm that sounds lush
it's actually a proper meal, bit like something your gran might make you or a school dinner, can't argue for 4 quid. Although fruit juice as a starter is kinda weird, i get soup
SSM will be going out for a meal with Helen for his birthday tomorrow
They're having burger and chips and she is paying
Food on for FREE if that's ok with you de leed?
stay womfy x
They call rice pudding creamed rice? What is this noncery
He deserves a little treat. He's been working hard this past few weeks.
Proper grafter R MARK. He earned his treat
Stitch is a cuddly toy of stitch from lilo and stitch the film lad x
You ok? :)
I will you too x
Loves a sausage does R Mark
Are you dressed up as Rosie today leed?
We'll be having the /britfeel/ meetup and rave round about the time they're having their dinner, looking forward to meeting you all. Word is that Helper will be providing blowjobs to all for FREEEEEEE, so fucking get in.
sausages on for free if thats alri with you
Ugh, Nanny will not like that post just now
Announcing a report
It not right
im okish, was really down earlier, going back to work blues etc
made plans to meet up with a mate after work and go to the cinema so that's something to look forward to at least
hope you're doing better today
He needs sectioning before he kills himself or rapes his female family members. The lad is off his rocker.
OHHHHH FUCK I JUST BROKE THE RULES MYSELF
getting my apu to sort out the get out plan quick, im off to rural sasketchewan until this all dies down
Why is everyone posting L's? Is it because living in the UK is an L in an of itself? I'm sorry for you bros, come back to our euro family, we can be friends
More likely to rape the men tbqh
Tyrant announcers trying to stop lads posting images. Don't think so pla.
understandable lad the cycle never ends but I hope seeing your fren and watching some kino helps x
you watching the new dnd film? 
I am spent most of it with the druids at R nhs but been in bed fortress had a big nap and just lazing out
We all losers in life Lollers
We're having a little communal meltdown, don't worry about it
Take an L lollers
Nah you're not losers.
That's a checkmark, dumbo
Post the one with Shippys head grafted on, I forgot to save it last time
Corr Lollers posting Ls now
Nobody is trying to stop images being posted :)
They just don't like the ones you post, and the way that you are deliberately using up the image limit without contributing anything to the thread because of your little all-day crusade against imaginary enemies. Hope this helps! xx
nah gonna see suzume, jap anime. quite liked the directors other films 
look after yourself
Ava Adams or Kendra Lust?
Corr
First we regulate what images you post then we regulate if you can post images. Jog on thread tyrant.
I saw a thread on that on tv looks comfy enjoy lad 
I will try
probably gonna get a pizza crunch
Looks not so great for your arteries.
Looks better than the slop HHL eats
Cheers x
That looks fucking horrible.
not great
not terrible
good
Straight out of the auditor handbook. Attention whores the lot of them.
Who knew /britfeel/ was full of oppressors
we had some auditor turn up outside our work and started filming. security didnt give a fuck, told the guy to crack on, just dont come on the property. suspect he was raging they didnt get annoyed at him so he had nothing interesting to post to all his autistic tiktok followers
I don't think there's much you can do to make a pizza crunch look nice.
I've spoken to police before that were bragging about being audited, and others jealous that they had never been
I have committed crimes inside police stations before. LOL!
Been all over the rules and non of them say I can't post images.
Came close to being a police constable but failed training. Could have redone it but right at that time my cousin offered me a higher paying job
What grew inside your mum was a crime, a crime against humanity you spastic x
BritNormie is a special constable, but never mentioned it in the thread because he thinks it would lower people's opinions of him.
how? i thought police was one of those token jobs that if all else fails in your life you could do with next to no skills, its why so many coppers are mongs, nobody does that job if they have a better option
BN loves wearing short sleeved shirts, even in the depths of winter
May I direct you to this post >>72977998
We just think you're a cunt, not a monstrous lawbreaker :)
had a migraine when doing the exam
kek, shite excuse
You wouldn't dare say that to me if I had passed
Sundays are for porn and gooning
Cheers x
might give anime a go tomorrow so I have something more to speak with mr lovely lad about I think he likes anime x
I might goon later desu
Stamford, Lincolnshire
Derry, Northern Ireland
Bradford, West Yorkshire
Newscastle-upon-Tyne
London
What links these 5 together?
fixed that for you taig
Cringe
Me and my Apu are attending actually
Pink floyds I wish you were here 
makes me cry
Sandford Lane will be buzzin' tomorrow
kek, knew someone would respond with that. I'm actually proddy myself, but started instinctively calling it Derry since watching Derry girls
im a bit of a normie when it comes to anime, havent seen that much other than the more well known stuff. like the more mundane and slice of life shows/movies mainly
Gibi watches Hunter x Hunter
I gave it a go but lost interest by episode 3
I really hate how weird people are obsessed over dancing anime girls. Its like some childhood abuse regression thing
Says the bloke who makes hundreds of posts about his imaginary frog
He's far less of a loser than you. Nothing in the rules against posting frogs, tyrant
sad cunt please go somewhere else.
frosty likes him women 'well broken in' with lots of miles on the clock, so to speak
At least my Loser girls exist Frosty (yes I know it's you)
post more pictures of semi-naked blokes wearing ladies clobber, i really enjoy it. cheers x
He thinks that everyone is the same poster because he is a chimp that has been given access to a computer
Thought that was priti patel form the image. No I'm not frosty you little cretin
Gibis editor
I am sorry king I take what I said back
Interesting hair style
Phwoar just got back again me
Now to drop off a proper womfy turdinghamshire
frosty isn't the type to care about his gfs past, would cherrios be upset if you were their 38th cereal?
You don't fool me Frosty
Where do you go all day FBR?
Looks like he struck a bit of a nerve to be fair.
I'm not frosty, I'm actually mocking him in this very thread, see the post above yours
Why do we know nothing about Frosty?
I know more about the German schizo's life than his
current generation frosty isnt the same as original frosty
frosty is the british soundspacker
Wir verbeugen vor FBR
*american
Can STILL hear boomeroid stomping about, beggars belief!
Why did he say 'shopping cart' though?
Fuck off back to /deutsch/, he's a bonafide retard who repeates himself every single day.
bed wetters are not welcome in britfeel
You will not infringe upon my image posting rights.
He's ours now
wrong and wrong It a lovely R KID
marius?
Don't let the TYRANTS win lid
Frosty are you really American? We need this settled once and for all.
Yes. its time to put it to bed. I am american. Simple as
Why does he never reply to or interact with people here?
Was he the same on /deutsch/?
Imagine coming to /britfeel/ acting the Janny and telling us not to post images on an image board.
SSM will be 50 soon
He's getting old
Phwoarrr can feel the downers kicking in slowly but surely
Proper womfy this
going to bed cos ive got fuck all better to do, goodnight lads x
Nite nite Footlad x
My ball sack is smoother
Cheers x
going to bed now laaaads as toil looms it is what it is aye but payday this Friday right? hope so haha god I hope so
NN Footsie xx
You're welcome to him, please take him and fuck off you miserable little german spacker.
Hidden this mate 
Cheers
Not reading all that my lad
Footspacker done polluting the bread for today? Great news that
Not bothering to read this shite lad. 
*post hidden*
Fuck off back to your german board you boring mong
Stop shitting up britfeel with this DRIVEL
Arabs are cool
sniff this you gremlins
Huff on these you tyrants
fuck off thread image limit lickers 
I rule this ghetto
Thought you were off to bed Footspacker
Smell these, my lovelies
Guess what he's just had
farts are disrupting me 
proper awful due to the beer and meds
so get in gdeeeeeeeerg
You were drinking again today? You are an alcoholic my leed
He's the best poster on 4chan, I hope he never goes back, he's already a lot less active than last summer. 
I pray he gets the gf pregnant, would cause astromical upset
no mate lastnngiht and Friday 
been in hospital today
This is still one of the absolute best porn videos I've ever seen...it was more than just coom, this one really spoke to me on a much deeper level.
looks like a hook up and or dox post to me he will not like that 
cheers :)
Why what happened m8?
Nanny won't be happy at all ...
losersignfootpicslad makes good threads x
had an episode last night and cut all my tummy and legs up whilst twatted so woke up all bloodied and fucked had to go ane
Overdosed on willy
Coor
Fucking hell mate lay of the alcohol I've not had any in months 
It evil stuff
Need advice, I finally got a job and I love it, but it's temporary. There's another job that's boring and repetitive but it's full time with great benefits. It's mine if I want it. 
I have to go for it right?
yeah the stuff is poison and doctors orders I go sober due to the effect it had with the lithium too 
anyway fresh start tomrorow lad no more alcohol for me 
well done on being sober as well x
Ordered a kfc. It was shite. Refund requested.
Yes mate I didn't read your post
Cheers x
Odds you go for it evens you go for it you fucking dosser.
odd post this.
is it allowed nany?
Mad how spamtards only rock up on weekends desu. Definition of no lifers.
Are you both having fun posting penises for hours on end? Do you have wry little smiles on your faces
50 slots left don't cry when they're gone
Fresh start lad get on that wuppagrind 
Get some rest
Cheers xx
They work during the week lad whilst you'll be here tomorrow posting the same dull drivel
You have to be seriously unhinged to spam blacked stuff
Fresh start this de leeeeds
vile vile cunt
She used to self-harm but now laurel dreams is on a new chapter of her life. Living in England has brought her a new found happiness.
I'm not a dosser but staying in a temporary job I could end up one, full time is at least secure. But it's just a miserable job and I know I'll struggle to find another one.
They're crying out for Nanny
Where are you Nanny??
Dead end warehouse jobs during the week and no friends or family who'd want to see them on weekends. Winning!
I'd go for it honestly. It's important to remember how deeply miserable unemployment can be. Is there any chance of your current job being extended?
Girl I'm dating who is basically my gf (been 6 months) is very slow at texting back because she's alway studying which is good, how do i deal with feeling hurt by this? I know she cares for me very deeply and likes me a lot and if I told her this she'd be shocked but I feel so lonely and clingy. Fuck
Nanny nanny they're posting images other than ASMR slags and seasideMARK REEEEEEEE
yeah not all of us was licking windows during class lad x
Me? Watching Dawn of the Dead. Din dins was nice.
I see footlid is having another weltdown. Mental health crisis coming on strong. Cheers x
I'm a Loser through and through
Rather be neet than work in a warehouse all day for the rest of my life...especially when you don't get the friends or girlfriends. You never get to have fun.
I will go mental if you MONGS max out the image slots again
Marius seems like a bit of a spakka but he's not as bad as the man from the Stomping Corner
I think SeaSideMark is struggling mentally
Find a bridge and jump during your next drug fuelled meltdown you stubby fingered work shy mummys boy
Are you having fun now? Are you having a good time? Do you love your life, saying the same thing in a 4chan thread where eeveryone hates you every single day? Is it class? Is it absolutely mint?
is it?
there are two certainties in life lads 
death and taxes
Nah he's getting lots of attention on TikTok and women are in his DMs. 
He's in a better place than this time last year
It's actually the opposite. I'm quite sensitive to cold and known for wearing a jacket almost all year round
Dawn of the dead is great mate stay womfy 
im off the wooze now until further notice 
weltdowns are fucking shit
This is better than being a slave all day. Not like it brings me much better by working.
Why aren't you offering support? Just like when SSM was having a weltdown begging his fans for help and you did nowt
What about in theory if you were the kind of person who could get a good job?
how do i deal with feeling hurt by this?
stop caring about her. Firstly I assume you are shagging, correct? Mentally downgrade her in your mind to a fuckbuddy, put zero effort into her, and on the offchance things get better (it won't) then all the better.
I know she cares for me very deeply
She couldn't give a shit about you. She might not even be seeing another guy yet, but she's already lost interest in you.
 if I told her this she'd be shocked
Not shocked, just repulsed
You are.
Are Mark loves subway
You only have a small dick because you are obese lad
anyone here having a sniff
Get in de lad
Obviously that would be better but that's not happening. We're the type of people that die in the same place we're born.
So am I. I hate April because March lulls you in with a few warm days, then April can often get cold again, even May can be chilly at times, which is a month I always look forward to and always get disappointed by
You have a job mate
You can't be that much of a loser
I don't think ruthmong understands that when you do a job you are paid in money which can be exchanged for goods and services. He sees every action in life as a possible way to earn special tickets for the magic gf bus, and has no internal passions or aspirations of his own.
Get in derrre my leed
Seaside Army all the way
lmao what a nasty spiteful little post. we've got a goblin on our hands lads
THIS is the sort of thing I want to see on my computer screen
Was it you who said they were going to live steam their suicide? x
I want to be squashed between those two beauties
Maybe extended but they've told me it will never be permanent. But it's like right now, it's Sunday night and I have zero stress or anxiety about going in tomorrow, I've never had that before. Maybe I should just enjoy the stress free money for as long as I can, and when it ends go agency or something. Just seems like full time jobs are so hard to find now.
Same here lid. Will be having the next week or so off. Life's better without weltdowns.
Sorry if it came off that way. I just didn't want to sugar coat it, if you think anything I said is wrong then say so, but I don't think it's wrong, just a bit brutal
She's got important exams coming up lad
Well at first it started as a casual relationship and now we clearly love each other, sorry to tell you this
I did not mate i fucked the thread off after I went for a wank ended up drinking and having a break 
hope you are ok Angela lad
Got room for me too haha
Just in time to start NNM etc
Not just that though
I am also a virgin at an advanced age and live with my parents at said age
Nah I know but in theory. Would you work then? Who is "we" BTW?
What exams are they? Honestly lad, enjoy it while it lasts, but she's not that into you.
I got worried when I saw it posted earlier x at least you're ok
im inside of you both too plz hehe x
Posting boy mode F1N
It not right
Yeah but if you lost weight all of those other issues would disappear too
https://youtu.be/yhApvzoptuA [Embed]
Just howled with laughter when I heard this. SeasideMark is a TikTok star now. He work for TikTok, he work for Goo-goo-Google.
what an absolute legend he's having a banana he's having a banana isn't he?
God I bet she smells so good
kind of you mate im alright just ill 
it will be okay and im glad you are here &lt;3
No wonder FBR is now rather here since all of you post so many trannies. He also a tranny lover
corr those are stretchy tight
F1N posting got me twitching
No lad, he likes women, real fertile women with wombs and ovaries rather than bollocks
it was all yellow 
Look at the stars 
how they shine for you 
everything you do
It's just one guy I think
Have a cheeky wankington my leed I wont tell anyone
It's half the thread. This is a porn general now
Its a porn general now
Are Fin got a tidy package there de leed
Coor
absolute state of britfeel tonight...we used to be a country...no more.
It seems like there's at least 2 of them having a little weltdown
He went from working for Goo Goo Google to working for TikTok
It's all going seaside up for are Mark
This is britfeel in its purest form, spam and drivel
bit gay x
How does losing weight give me more money, skills, and a gf?
I have never seen an announcement saying you can't post images on /r9k/ threads.
More fin posting lads
She is such a cutie
Footlad can you describe what you look like physically? And why don't you do the vocaroo no more?
spam and drivel,
spaff and fiddle,
willies, arses, 
balls in the middle,
whinging, moaning,
screech and squeal,
mash it up and that's britfeel
Celts are such barbarian savages
image limit creeps on us all
Corr all sack and no shaft. Just how I like 'em x
Girls generally prefer thinner guys unless you're rich or famous
Gives you energy to make money. Makes you more presentable in job interviews. Gives you more confidence. Makes you more attractive to women.
el vino did flow 
look im just a soft feminine shaped mentally ill faggot okay?
when lollers going to do a filter for this?
Few more pics and then blissful text only until morning corr
thread is joke tonight
Took me muffs off to air em out for 5 minutes or sommet and within 1 minute the baby is crying again. Beggars belief. gf has fallen asleep again, and probably expects me to bottle feed [redacted]
are mark for last image de lads
get in deeeeer 
X
Time to leave now
Some woman was continually dismissing other men, then saw soundspackers profile and thought "PHWOOOOAR! WOULDN'T MIND SHAGGING THIS ONE, HEH!" and then shagged him
right im off to Brit till the thread allows images 
cheers
Yeah that's how dating always works
new thread de lads get in thereeeee
I'll be back in the next thread to stand shoulder to shoulder with you brothers, the tyrants won't take our image posting from us
What a dire image to finish on
Bet Footlad is behind this post too
The fact that you ALL clambered onto this joke thread I made just proves that the vast majority of you are indeed, bots.
I have finished work again and i am once more asking for a cute lad to wear girl's clothes and sit on my lap
We all wimage limit in life x
Do you have brain difficulties?
could be me but we all know how online relationships end :(
sort of yeah I do have a learning difficulty
Fortune favours the brave
