What percentage of misoynistic robots and incels would turn into simps if a woman showed them a crumb of attention?
As tested with my threads, a lot of them, actually.
90%. The other 10% are troon faggots
Well even the ceo and founder of the blackpill has started begging for a gf on twitter
You probably would.
if you wouldnt then your not really either, just kind of gay, or you think the woman is a nasty bitch
I'll probably never know because I'm not pretty or rich enough to have any woman pay any attention to me.
I would "simp" for a person who showse genuine affection yet I will not forget about the inherent corruption in people. Being a simp and misogynistic don't have to be exclusive. I would treat a dog like a dog should be.
i hate women because i'm into femdom and they are not
if i found one which was i would simp for her hard
i want to be the girl who gives a robot a crumb of attention and becomes my simp
i can only do it for one robot at a time though
i have a thing for lonely men as a lonely girl
If that's all it takes to produce a change of sentiment, then it's not really misogyny.
I am a racist. I hate black people and think they are inferior. If some black person "showed me a crumb of attention", I would still be a racist. This makes my racism genuine.
If your "misogyny" isn't like that, it's not actually misogyny.
I'd simp for you so hard but only if you were my gf
please save some lonely anon and earn his eternal dedication and affection
100% would
Ever incel turns into a beta orbiting simp buying you your entire amazon and steam wishlist and asking for your paypal account so he can send you money directly because he ran out of things to buy you the moment a woman says Hi.
t.catfish
i have a robot bf right now but he makes me feel really shitty and inadequate so if we don't work out i will find a robot to cherish (i'm still a virgin btw)
i just want someone who will love me as much as i love them
find a miserable boy with big potential and control him emotionally and psychologically and help him fix his life
Dump him for me, please. I'll cherish you
What does it matter? After the honeymoon stage or at the first sign of trouble they'd probably turn vile again.
Here, but I'm not good at simping. I'm a poorfag, a cheapskate and I hate myself more than anything else so I would feel like I'm being a bother and start avoiding her.
How is that surprising?
What the fuck do you think the word "incel" means?
I'd melt into a puddle the second any woman showed me affection at this point
this is what i did as an ugly femcel. i've always only ever been attracted to guys out my league physically so i found a really self deprecating, mentally ill robot bf who adores the fuck out of me. and he's pretty much as "chad" as you can get
When women give me attention I start hating them even more because they only do it to get attention back
kek, a post deserving of pents on this shithole
Id be fine dating a robot but I don't want a dumb ass with no personality.
[satania dying laughing] actually just this webm
I was really desperate and simped hard for girls when I was younger. After getting rejected and hating women I finally got a girlfriend and was kind of apathetic and not very nice to her. Mostly just used her as basically like a blowjob dispenser.
I can't really be in a relationship at all now and a woman showing interest in me would just remind me I hate women.
No, you wouldn't be fine with it and what does personality even mean?
Virgin here. I've e-simped a lot, never rly irl simped. I'm assuming most ppl here would say and do things that they might look back and cringe about if a woman started reciprocating attention just a bit. Ik I have
What's e-simping?
100%
And they would brag about it after
This. Tested and proven by experiments.
In my eyes I saw it as trying to get close enough to women from here to get nudes when I did it
That's not simping. That's just how men try to court lol, simping is worshipping or sending money which is different. It's a fetish
Ah okay. I've never really e-simped then. I wouldn't really do that unless I got something in return, like being able to play the game together or whatever
In college there was one stacy who showed interest in me quite openly. I generally didn't like her and her flirting skills were bad (f.e.: "you have such beautiful eyes anon aha", "your kids would look really good aha"). She told my friends that she liked me because of my weirdness and she liked "mysterious" men. That timeframe may have been my only chance to lose virginity, but my sub-consciousness was screaming at me that there was some indescribable Yakubian horror hiding under that femoid's skin. She even had a boyfriend at that time on whom she cheated on regularly.
irrelevent question because of the improbability of such an event.
im a girl and wanna "fix" a misogynistic robot &lt;/3
I don't like those quotation marks...
well id probably make him hate women even more eventually
It means she wants an autistic chad
Based
All but one, and that's me, I'm not larping I legitimately fucking hate all of you people. There's nothing that could happen to make me not hate all of you freaks.
i'm too selfish and narcissistic to become a simp 
also i cant even imagine having a relationship with another person
