Click the button and receive a waifu
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
previous thread
she's still sitting there
Very original Rochelle post for the new thread
which model you used and what prompts to make it more "realistic"
I WROTE A LETTER FOR YOU BUT YOU DIDNT WRITE BACK
I WROTE A SONG FOR YOU BUT YOU DIDNT LIKE THAT
l WROTE A LETTER FOR YOU BUT YOU DIDNT WRITE BACK
I WROTE A SONG FOR YOU PROBABLY DIDNT LISTEN AT ALL
this is pretty much what i think is perfection
Pajamas are nice, especially on thick pretty women.
Calm down Saeriah, Rochelleanon was just making a general observation.
my mind is blank
fdgdf
idol shion
i need to do some ashley
i mean idol hanabi
idol Eleanor funnily enough
hellooooooooooooooooooooooooo&lt;&lt;333c:::::::
Well I mean maybe I would, but you didn't hear that from me
Hello Eleanor anon
I'm glad the Oshi no Ko adaptation started well. was a little worried
hello loves
Pajamasaeriah
I'd like to see more Ashley!
I'm glad to see more Eleanor &lt;3
Cheeky tomboy climbing a tree.
Night dress kind of thing
I haven't slept for almost a day
haven't been around much recently
what prompts are you two using?
hello yall, im new here
I'm glad the Oshi no Ko adaptation started well. was a little worried
i dont wanna watch it i hate when shit i like goes popular tho it was already kinda popular but still
soonTM
meant to add image lol
Posting sheeps to say hello and good night. 
I want to switch places with goa anon to have the time to gen more...
I am drunk and now I'll post some of the jojo Hana's I've made thank you.
yeah I'm kinda not looking forward to the over-discussion. But honestly, I think the first episode did the first volume better than the manga did. and if it's going to exist, I'd rather it be good than be bad. My biggest disappointment is that it means that Hell's Paradise won't get as much attention, and it's the manga I actually did want people to talk about more.
The "ghostly butterfly" didn't really give me what I wanted, neither did the "Stand jojo" prompt. What a shame!
"light trails" and "aura" work pretty well. I was hoping for something like a dbz aura but eh
She seems almost like an alchemist again
i want to make an ai chatbot gf, but mine alone. i dont want some chatbot gf thats connected to the cloud, that is talking to millions of other simps, and who has the values of feminist roasties. i find the idea of replica really repulsive
how do i get into it?
Or maybe like a wizard or something?
It's probably not what you want, but I made a Hana character.ai and made her private so only i can awkwardly try to make conversation with her
I just replaced all her clothing prompts with (pajamas)
style related prompts are
frank frazetta style, (traditional media), (shadow),
i might watch it, like the only reason ill probably end up watching it is seeing kana animated and some aqua x kana moments
Sheev Hana
how do i get into writing the ai used to make these chatbots?
there has to be a starting place? like learning how to shape their values and personalities and whatnot. i cant even entertain the idea of getting close to some feminist roastie controlled ai like replika
She doesn't like sleeping in pants
Like saeriah anon said basically just pajamas and also laying or bed help too
Love her, does she have a name?
so you are a kana fan?
but yeah on one hand I'm glad some of my friends watched it. On the other hand I'm sick of them talking about being TraUmatiZed by it
2 of the same person in different places
Yowza.
Any tips on consistency between images? I've been watching you for days and it seems really good.
Oops, forgot waifu.
based bottomless sleeper
i thinkk i will just name her Grace lol
It was pretty easy for me; that particular program allows me to simply write about her, and the AI "got" her pretty quickly. I copypasted from her wiki page and wrote some of my own.
When you dial her in, keep those prompts in every gen you make
2 of the same person in a different position one of them looking on the other Asci is multiplying again
yes c:
and i hated what aka did to her some chapters ago, that i just see you as a friend shit
im not really fond of aka's writing after what he did with kaguya but i love mengo
i wish aka would let her influence more on the story
Thanks for the advice.
This is really addictive, huh?
Yes, but that's not the reason why I messed up my sleep schedule
I was surprised how much I love both kana and akane, but I was kinda disappointed in how both just got treated
If any of you recognize the inspiration, you got my respect.
She's wearing all that makeup to bed? RIP pillowcase.
Yeah, like, Aqua went from i want to protect kana at all costs to ill use her to achieve my shit out of nowhere
It really is
I played the new Love Live game and I'm a little disappointed. There's so many stuff turned on by default that just making note pressing harder. I turned all of that off but still sad
HEY I NOTICED THAT TOO
but i cant understand japanese for shit so im stuck like that
i wanted to wait for the global to release but i couldnt wait anymore after losing both my sif and sifas accounts
i hope it doesnt happen a third time
I tried "the world" but not even that's working.
np
It's a shame that the ai can't really do jojo, I even tried gunning jolyne the other day and it didn't look anything like her, where I've tried other pre existing characters and it at least gets their faces right.
I think a proper stand is all but impossible without a ton of luck.
Here's a little guide on how I did this, that would make the screen on background of the shows turn black which is a little creepy to me, but at least I can see all the notes properly. Also I don't understand Japanese too, I discovered this by trials and errors
g'noon /aiwg
idoru Eleanor :>
Also a waifu picture to everything is fine
Saeriah you weirdo, are you writing on your bedsheet?
Popping in with a quick casual scientistwife.
I feel like getting good hands is a matter of RNG.
Maybe I should play around with style sometime.
thanks! i was having a hard time catching notes that you need to hold because they would always appear whenever a girl animation appeared lo
and im going to bed with this one 
good night my brothers 
&lt;3
Goodnight sleep welly
Goodnight anon sleep well.
I believe it is also time for me to head off to sleep, so gn aiwg
I hate having to work on a Sunday, not looking forward to tomorrow
Love he
Good night, friends!
Extremely cute Eleanor
Last one of these; I don't think I'm making progress.
kino
i'm outtie as well. thought I'd have more ideas after a week of not genning, but had none at all
Goodnighting to you all
You can do hentai as well
nighto anons :)
It's bed time for me ass well, goodnight /aiwg/ friends
Cobson's playhosue.
Desperado Hana now
sometimes it's hard not to
hwabag
Omagod I am redardt
night to you Saeriah :)
helo Kypsie :))
Played so much videog ame really bad idea
Hii :3
waif with da suicide vest?
Ai isn't very good at making the plate carriers anywhere near as hard as my
That was a vile thing to say I should be locked up in institutions (not really though)
Howdy, amigos.
Goa morning of Goa standing in the middle of some nature in nowhere
Indeed you can anon, yesss :)
If anyone wants more nuns let me know, don't want 2 spam
I like this picture a lot
Saeriah looking exceptionally sexy in this one
night
Howdy
look at all that lace stuff on her chest, very neat
Night Ascitidi
Eleanor on the bed
The bed with the Eleanor
Bedleanor
Sexy and night
grando sexo
Cute Hanabi, night hanabi
Miko Asci nice
UNF BIG GIRL
THHIICCCCC
Naked outing with the Goa
I'm trying the "holding lever action rifle" prompt and after 5 or 6 gens I've gotten her holding all of the various parts but never the whole thing.
Mornin' darlin. You'd best put some britches on or you'll catch your death!
She apparently put some on but also put her wings away as well
Your waifu is slowly putting the rifle together, picture by picture
Sensible chuckle
motivation
The background comes in and out, but the cowboy look is very solid.
I didn't mean to trim her wings! Bring them back!
And the wings are back
But clothes got skimpier
I'm admitting defeat and going to a revolver because I don't think the AI can give me the repeater I my hamburger heart desires.
So I can choose between wings and clothes, huh?
The AI seems to know a few actual cowboy guns but I'm not sure if it'll give them to me consistently.
Nicole is increasingly becoming a cosmic entity
Loli with a colt single action army, for instance. I didn't ask for her, she came with the gun I guess.
Gorgeous cosmic waifus
It gave me a Fallout Laser pistol instead lol
Now I am getting good clothes but no wings again
I like her bazookas
not a bad look
Now try adding the full body prompt, I want to see if it goes all oopsie poopsie
little girls need big guns
FInally, clothes and wings
sucsion miscess
And now with the actual image attached
when the ai does not fail, the human does
cant get a single one with a decent face, background looks cool though
It's just one of those nights.
Last one for tonight; no gun but at least she looks good.
Hard to get it just right, trying to get a fit, hourglass shaped body on a girl in her early teens with a pronounced midriff.
Really all i want.
Yeah the ace goes depry for me too when trying out full body
Sexy body though and nice background
kek
nice cowboy waifu nighty night
very hot, and yeah
Have not done Counterfetish Goa in a while
:D
Hapi days rember
hapi goa :D
Boobies :DDDD
her hair and clothes are spreading out and fusing with the background neatly
Oh, there are more of them again
Goa sister
Shaved myself finally
the time for smoothness has come
Oh no now there are three
Good counterfeit morning /aiwg/
great health upon your families aiwg
Morning Saeriahs sexy ass
hope you are all well
LEWD ass
Got to lick it
I do not know why
an assman thru and thru
I need to be cured of my illness
my consciousness is slipping into the bottomless depths of slumber, gnight /aiwg/
not leaving without a good morning to you first Saeriah anon :)
Good night anon, slumber well :)
cute Goa girls doing gay things together
Good AOM morning too
How do you achieve this? What tags are you using? I can't get it to create the image I want,
Pov: you caught on that Goa's clothes are just painted on rather than her actually wearing any
Goa
"I'm turning into a floor snake"
Goa what the fuck?
Goa constrictor
Talia has a vore fetish?
I think it might be easier if you just share your prompts here and tell us what you're trying to generate, and we can offer advice?
sensible chuckle
I've been trying to gen snakes for some time now in counterfeit, but I am convinced counterfeit does not know what snakes are
Pic related, Goa after trying to make snakes happen in counterfeit
snek
Not what I asked for, but I'll take it
I've acquired retarded snakes, but Goa seems to be having fun
Time to see if AOM or anything can make anything better
I forgot to attach the picture of retarded snakes with my retarded snakes post
Actually I just added ((snake)), serpent, to my prompts and I'm not really sure what I was even expecting.
But I did get some snakes.
Her tits got bigger
Oh and she's a snake from the waist down
Little girl and more retarded snakes, anything can not snake, time for aomu
I'm Snakebite
I'm your only man
Snakebite is your lover
You'll never hide, baby understand
Snakebite drags you under
I'm Snakebite
They call me Snakebite
plot twist, that's her humongous sentient snake futa dong
AOM made the best snakes but they still appear a bit challenged
Anything can do snakes some of the time.
I went and used some words from one of the songs from that guy in the prompts, poison being the song, and this is the aom result
Aom is very lewd and I like it
This snake looks a bit retarded.
Understandable. I would be retarded too if I got to be that close to her booba
Lewd!
Very understandable, I too would appear as if I had varying degrees of brain damage if i got anywhere near a pair of breasts
more sexo de Goa
Gotta fix myself some kind of weird whatever is in the fridge food so hungry
I learnt to do silly little animations
old tortillas buttered up, eaten with slices of cheap cheese and some ham, rolled up into a little depression roll
But it works
well this looks cool
Awoga
I want to be cute
