would you date a fembot who has cheated in the past?
No, once a cheater, always a cheater
That's the law
I would date any biological woman, but I will treat her only as she deserves.
How would I know? Cheaters need to have their faces branded so everyone knows to treat them like the vermin they are.
This is a quiet strange question honestly
If we love each other I see no problem with that
But I think the main problem I will never find a girl like this that will care about me
Women usually cheat when the relationship is already on its way out. Men will cheat then feel 0 guilt and stay with their woman. So in a way male cheating is worse 
Though I am a woman that cheated on my bf and plans to stay with him so I'm a hypocrite. But it was just e-cheating so I don't really count it. It was during a period of relationship rockiness so it kind of tracks with my initial assertion that women only cheat when the relationship is bad. However if anything the cheating made me realize I value my bf more than the thrill of a new sexual connection so I've worked more to strengthen our relationship and no longer feel a desire to cheat. So make of that what you will
So. She's not a virgin? No.
Women usually cheat when the relationship is already on its way out. Men will cheat then feel 0 guilt and stay with their woman. So in a way male cheating is worse 
Sounds like made up bullshit and males also have that ego boost when they shag a women because validates them. A women can cheat whenever she wants so she has less to gain
The rest of you post is something a normalfag would say to justify her wrongs.
So make of that what you will
You are a really bad person and your boyfriend deserves to be treated with more respect than that.
Even if there was some kind of way to ensure they'd never cheat on me and the relationship would go perfectly, I'd always be unable to fully trust them
If you think about it I didn't harm my bf at all because I didn't risk him with stds and didn't physically fuck anybody it's just thought crimes
ive cheated only twice and not once since then.
im havent cheated since my mistakes were made.
im telling you that ive cheated but i want a bf now.
when i cheated with my bf i was too guilty to continue.
my bodycount is still low.
i came clean about cheating to my bf at the time within two weeks of it happening.
Is there a reason I should believe you wouldn't cheat on me? I'm willing to overlook someone's past but this is something that could directly impact me.
im havent cheated since my mistakes were made.
i came clean about cheating to my bf at the time within two weeks of it happening
I'd only cheat on you twice then. And I'd tell you about it within two weeks each time.
I would never consider dating a non virgin slut in the first place. 
All non virgin girls are mentally broken used goods, not worth. 
Women have 0 value if not pure.
Yes. Ive cheated before too and honestly I get it. Mistakes are made. 
Perhaps we could approach the relationship with more open honesty knowing the other knows the same guilt and temptations and we can build something strong because.
I would not date a normie girl that calls herself fembot.
unfiltered off the get go, nah.
I get people do it, but if you don't have the will to end a relationship to pursue someone else. or drop the facade in a relationship that someone already doesn't value. like why?
my bodycount is still low
anything over zero is turboslut tier
kys slut
furthermore if they cheated merely for the allure of just taboo and thrill of playing that game. even more no way
i was in a bad place at the time and im no longer there.
if you would cheat on me then we cant do this.
my bodycount is only 3.
ive been incredibly depressed and lonely. im very lonely right now and i need a bf.
it can happen when youre in a bad spot mentally a guy makes a move on you thats very hard to refuse so you just go along with it.
i dont get this weird gross incel logic
i was in a bad place at the time and im no longer there.
and you're a mood swing away from cheating again kek. shit bait. leave my board nigger
Whatever. You are being obvious now as a larper.
if you would cheat on me then we cant do this.
Why do you feel you should be treated better than you treat others?
No. Any more question?
it wasnt a mood swing it was very involved. ive had bad moments where my bf comforts me and its ok but other times hes away and im alone and have other things going on and a guy comes along. im mentally not there anymore.
ive moved on from my mistakes. you repeating them on purpose is just evil.
why not?
my bodycount is only 3.
only
kys slut 
1 cock 100 times or 100 cocks 1 time is same amount of cock 
if the hymen isnt intact she belongs to the streets 
kys whore
why not?
cuz ur probably ugly and mentally retarded. Any more question?
i would be your personal slut if you want me to. id do anything for you if you gave me love.
im ugly but am skinny. i had high standarized test scores.
ive moved on from my mistakes.
It really doesn't sound like you have. You are trying to make excuses for your actions by blaming your mental state. If your mental state returns to how it was, would you feel justified cheating again in the same circumstances?
im ugly
all i need to know
most women are ugly and the ones who admit it are probably even uglier than normal
hes away and im alone and have other things going on and a guy comes along
So, he was at work? Kek.
How old are you?
What do you do for a living?
sorry sluts get no love, pure girls do
sluts get treated as sluts
simple as
actions have consequences and you will never find a guy to truly love you anymore, you had your chance and you wasted it
just remember, at any point in future no matter how far down the road every single time a man may be friendly with you, he may even seem romantic but remember behind every act of kindness and what seems like an act of love is a disguise they will use to use you like a cumrag dirty whore you are, then leave
wierd gross incel
Ruined, too obvious with this larp.
How is anyone replying seriously.
before the tone is just to sound like im shouting from the stands things you already know, know its not the intent.
look idgaf like whats done is done, no one here is gonna be like yup, cheated x amount of times here ya go here's ur own sense of absolution.
ultimately you gotta face that for yourself in terms of instituting what it takes to remove that behavior from you evermore,
I sympathize with what your saying, what you got going on internally mixed with surroundings carries influence
however, no one but yourself will be the one to build you into the person who can maintain personal crediblity like that, and also address thoughts you deal with all the time, so sometimes you it calls on you to be find effective strategies and mechanisms to better your frame of mind, or at least recognize when and who to talk to who is gonna bring u benefit outside of comfort, although comfort is nice.
if it returns ill tell my bf and he can lock me up or do whatever with me he needs to feel secure.
whats wrong with ugly
it was a work trip
im a 27 yo neet
i dont think most guys think like that
im saying that because the logic is gross. idk if hes an incel but he thinks like one
i dont think i will cheat again
whats wrong with ugly
ugly girls like you dont make my dick hard
i wouldnt even care if an ugly girl cheated on me, it's not like i lost anything KEKW
To be serious, I wouldn't cheat on you. I just wouldn't date you because I know it would end with me getting hurt.
Literally this. Notice how the one post they didnt reply to was someone saying they would
why do you think so
i dont want a guy whos cheated in the past. i want a robot.
Yes, of course!
(for some values of "dating", where "dating" equals "no commitment")
then just don't and go live life /thread
at least when you find yourself in a place where the thought comes about, take initiative and recognize your environment and how its factoring in, and realize how in thoughts trying to justify it come around. and build skill in countering those thoughts will a steadfast no, and actually be resolute in that. 
if you took a room of 100 people who are in a similar mindset, and tried to guess how many will end up doing something similar down the line. maybe when they even get married and have a family even.
whatever you think out of that number in mind pick a side and think what it takes to distinguish yourself from someone who will and who wont cheat again. 
if you can think of your self like: I think of myself as someone who values fidelity in a relationship, or i think of myself as someone who values being able to be resilient to influence like that. and make something like that your mantra in tough times. it'll prob b k.
i dont want a guy whos cheated in the past
Why not?
it was a work trip
Why would anyone date you? You'll just fuck someone else the moment they're gone for a week.
I'd date a girl with a bodycount of 10+ before I would consider dating a cheater.
God no. nononono. I just want someone cute and simple and homely, people like that would never cheat on principle.
i want a bf whos mine forever.
i would prefer a virgin guy. thats why im on r9k.
it was in combination with several other bad events happening at the same time.
i never thought id cheat too but it happens.
Throw in having several kids with paternity test for all of them and we could have a deal.
i would prefer a virgin guy
I don't get this weird gross femcel logic.
where are you from? are you some euro degenerate whore?
i could do that. do you want to date me?
i want him to be easier to mould basically.
im from the us.
im a 27 yo neet
do you have a degree or anything or are you just useless
would you be open to working part time and getting some schooling
do you want to date me?
That depends on how pleasant personality you have and if you have qualities I want for mother of my children. But it's unlikely because I'm not from US. Also mind that I'm no virgin myself.
do you want to date me?
I might, where in the US are you from?
would you date a fembot who has cheated in the past?
No, cheaters are bad
If she were to cheat again i dont wanna know about it. Not that im a cuck, ignorance is bliss theres too much bad shit in this world that just want to ignore. But most the time girls cant cover their tracks at all. They fail to see the obvious patterns in their behaviour. They lose respect for who they are cheating on and stop putting effort into their deceit.
i have no degree. i could work part time.
i only want a virgin guy.
south east.
i wouldnt cheat again.
ive changed.
i only want a virgin guy.
You see your situation by replies. This is the best you can get.
i want him to be easier to mould basically
How would you like to mould him?
south east
Close to Texas? Also I've been with one person before if that's a deal breaker
Yes, but on the condition that I get to spank her with force at my discretion once daily for being naughty. And she has to wear an ankle monitor.
i might just lie about it then.
i want to make him sexually submissive in bed and he always eats me out multiple times per day. i want him to be loyal and protective over me. i want him to massage me every day.
i want a virgin
i could do that
That sounds great, but it would involve a lot of trust. How am I supposed to trust you knowing you've cheated in the past?
i want a virgin
Unfortunate
i want to make him sexually submissive in bed and he always eats me out multiple times per day. i want him to be loyal and protective over me. i want him to massage me every day.
Because this sounds amazing.
Only if she had an isopod.
i only want a virgin guy.
why? what's your reasoning for it. Do you really want a guy who doesn't know how to do anything? You're gonna be demanding and bitchy that he doesn't know how to finger you or eat you out and you'll go back to Chad again
i wouldnt cheat again
Cheaters always say that and than they start to cheat again
i can explain how it happens and how ive changed. im not in the same mental state and if i get even close ill tell you so you can help me.
what is that
i can teach a virgin. thats what i want. nonvirgin guys are often bad at sex.
no i wouldnt for sure.
i would be your personal slut if you want me to. id do anything for you if you gave me love.
i want to make him sexually submissive in bed and he always eats me out multiple times per day
ive moved on from my mistakes. you repeating them on purpose is just evil.
You are no longer innocent, to be honest being my gf is too good for you, you should be everyones gf instead, that way you can have lots of sex like the whore you are
I bet he leaks precum from all the attention he gets from this thread.
would you date a fembot who has cheated in the past?
You can't be a fembot if you can get a bf and then find a fwb. Fuck off.
sure i would. but i doubt i can feel a deeper connection to anyone anymore so id date a former cheater without really either expecting or providing a lot. if im sure youre clean and im your priority i dont really care what you did or even do.
i can teach a virgin. thats what i want.
and what if he realizes he doesn't actually like what you're teaching him
you're gonna spend so much time on someone who is not compatible
