Give me a single argument as to why you're not vegan. 
How do you justify the death of an animal?
I feel sick if I don't drink milk tree and I am not rich enough to afford meme vegan milk which tastes gross anyways. I don't consume any other animal products.
Based. Meat is murder. If you eat flesh or animal products you're no better than a nigger.
I meant tea not tree
I don't need to justify it. I don't care. I'm gonna go chop one of my chicken's heads off just to spite you and all veganniggers. Not even going to eat him.
Give me a single argument as to why you're not vegan.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
I would eat you if it wasn't illegal retard
I can't eat vegan alternatives because the taste causes me to feel nauseated. If I don't eat animals products, I am unable to maintain a healthy diet.
It already died, I didn't personally hunt it. Me not eating meat doesn't stop the animal from dying, it just changes whether it ends up in the trash as poop or as uneaten meat
Does that make you feel better, anon? Does convincing yourself acting like a savage out of spite means anything make you happier? Are you satisfied? Your reaction to someone else's choices is rather pathetic. Maybe try not to let people on the internet affect you so much!
I like eating meat and the taste if steak is fucking amazing, I like milk in my coffee and butter on my potatoes, and cream on my cake.
I like leather shoes and eggs
I think breeding animals for industrial slaughter and consumption is fucked up but I simply try not to think about it because I like eating meat.
Give me a single argument as to why you're not vegan.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
i think the reason why people arent is because they need to cause suffering and death on the weak. they literally need to exploit and kill, its a psychological need
its why we had slavery for most of human history, why we had genocide, tribal warfare, rapes, etc. its just a basic human need
doesnt matter if its justified or not. animals have this too. animals kill their weak and abuse them. literally animal babies hurt and kill eachother
literally human kids bully the weak to the point where they commit suicide. bullies are happier, have more sex, make more money, and enjoy life more
its a psychological need. whether this is justified or not is irrelevant, im just pointing out why it happens
im 5 years a vegan, btw
its not something i have to actively justify
how do you justify not donating all your disposable income to charities? 
I eat meat because it tastes nice and the nutritional benefits
animals kill and eat each other all the time, i dont think its so crazy.
Most of the animals that we eat are only alive because we plan to eat them. I think their lives are valuable and I'm glad they get to have them, I just dislike the conditions many of them are kept in. That's why I only eat meat from farms I've personally been to, where I know the animals are treated well.
I'm not reading all of that. Tldr your melty.
tldr
go back to plebbit fag
I'm too poor to buy vegan food. It's expensive, especially if you wanna get the same nutrients and stuff. Is that a good enough argument?'
As for another (the real) reason, I don't want to. I went vegitarian for a while and wasn't able to enjoy food much, it gets depressing.
Plus, plenty of animals would eat me given the chance, why shouldn't I do the same? Seems kinda disrespectful to regard myself as higher than them.
Death is inevitable 
Eating animals isn't cruel because it causes the death of an animal it's cruel because they live poor lives prior to being eaten.
Removing meat from the food chain doesn't guarantee an animal a cruelty free existence it causes them not to exist, by the same logic causing all animals other than humans to go extinct is the most ethical outcome if you want a world free of suffering 
Also plants feel pain
Umm... Let me think... LOL... No... No I'm not going back to plebbit LOL...
and another point
i think this also explains cognitive dissonance. i think cognitive dissonance is some evolved psychological state that makes life better for those who have it. they get to kill animals, abuse the weak, and think they're good people
its not good for your brain to admit that you are a hypocrite who abuses the weak for pleasure, so theres merit in being deluded about it, via cognitive dissonance
this is why i think long arguements about veganism do nothing to change anyone. people have a need to torture and abuse the weak, and our society have elected animals as the victims of abuse. i listened to so many vegan debates, and people are beyond stubborn on this subject, they will never change, because they need to torture and kill the weak
even if they admit its wrong, they will still do it. its just that cognitive dissonance makes life easier for them
this for me is rather depressing, and makes me question god and be resentful towards god, but i think its the truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_8IwWmTMuM [Embed]
How do you justify the death of an animal?
I don't care, simple as. Human != Animals. Now how do (You) justify killing bugs ? They're as alive as animals, but you're steping on ant niggers everyday
I don't care and I like meat. Bye faggot.
there was an anon who posted this pictures, and its basically a chart of people psychological development
and i was thinking about it, in the context of god. i believe in god, specifically natural theology. and i was thinking, how could god allow this to happen?
and i seems like to me, that these psychological states are the ones best used to express and reach human values. humans dont value respect of the lives of others or reducing suffering. they value sex and money and power and torture of the weak, primarily sex. the more primitive psychological states are better at getting sex and money and abuse of the weak, and this is what humans really value
and god allows it, for some reason. all of it is really depressing
this is why im very exciting for an apocalypse caused by ai and the singularity. humans are a disease to the world, honestly. i can only hope that a hell exists, so these pieces of shit can be tortured
1) Veganism is unhealthy
2) Veganism is bad for the environment
3) Veganism increases global poverty
4) Animals are not moral actors so their death has no moral weight
5) If humans were not eating those animals other animals would be eating those animals (any argument that animals 'don't know any better but people do' just triggers my point #4, BTW)
implying plant life is less important than animal life
That stance is beyond racism or speciesism.
I don't kill the animal though, so I don't care
That pic 
Holy mother of low iq. Cattle is the reason we produce so much "crops" to begin with. They aren't being with sustained on marginal.lamd retard. We wouldnt need to convert pastures or marginal land to crop farms because we don't need much more than what we have already. It's would funny funny retards being so smug if it wasn't infuriating how much damage their retarded narrative causes.
They aren't being with sustained on marginal.lamd retard
Then what is the marginal land that constitutes 60-60% of agricultural land being used for?
How do you justify animals killing and eating other animals?
Because evolution designed the system that way. And the system has been working that ways since the dawn of the first one celled organism. It's thanks to evolution that taste buds developed to make the brain think protein and fat tastes fucking delicious. 
Vegans only exist because meat eating humans created a supply chain that allows for a variety of food options to get nutrients.
not my problem. animals have never created civilization and aren't a unique case like us so we have a divine right to feast on their flesh and bite through the bones of their carcasses.
It isn't? You know "agricultural lands" includes potential lands right? We are already only using best lands available for farming because we don't need that much food to consume. Even cattle is being raised on non-marginal lands because there is enough of it. You do realise that factory farmed cattle isn't allowed to just graze themselves because pastures cant sustain their numbers but are fed with crops that are fit for human consumption? Animals are the biggest consumers of onions. Forrests have to be cleared to build animals farms because there aren't enough pastures.
Cattle is the reason we produce so much "crops" to begin with
Animal feed crops are not good enough for human consumption.
People can't eat hay, you fuckwit.
They aren't being with sustained on marginal.lamd
Yes. They are. the study mentioned proves it.
>72975657
Duuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrr we only use duuuuuh best lands for farming huuuuuurrrrrrrrrrr
https://www.noble.org/news/publications/legacy/2019/winter/why-are-cattle-essential-to-the-land/#:~:text=Cattle%20graze%20land%20that%20is%20not%20suited%20for,Instead%2C%20these%20lands%20are%20ideal%20for%20growing%20grasses.
FFS, you don't even know any farmers, do you?
You do realise that factory farmed cattle isn't allowed to just graze themselves because pastures cant sustain their numbers but are fed with crops that are fit for human consumption?
https://westfeeds.com/types-of-cattle-feed/
And factory farms are RARE. Most famrs, including dairy, cattle, and lamb, are small and family owned.
https://www.usda.gov/media/blog/2020/01/23/look-americas-family-farms
You know "agricultural lands" includes potential lands right?
This is simply false. Unutilized land is called
brace your fucking self
"Unutilized land".
Why the actual FUCK would a farmer maintain 65% of his land for NOTHING where he still has to maintain it, improve it, pay for it, pay taxes on it, etc?
They wouldn't, you sub-literate fuckwit
Coz I love meat more than animals.
Animal feed crops are not good enough for human consumption. 
And? That doesn't mean a huge chunk of their diet isn't something humans can't consume like onions.
People can't eat hay, you fuckwit. 
We are growing that shit on good farmlands retard. 
Yes. They are. the study mentioned proves it. 
Where?
Duuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrr we only use duuuuuh best lands for farming huuuuuurrrrrrrrrrr 
https://www.noble.org/news/publications/legacy/2019/winter/why-are-cattle-essential-to-the-land/#:~:text=Cattle%20graze%20land%20that%20is%20not%20suited%20for,Instead%2C%20these%20lands%20are%20ideal%20for%20growing%20grasses. 
The link doesn't prove what you are trying to prove.
FFS, you don't even know any farmers, do you?
I literally come from a farming but i still don't think that's the own you think it is.
And factory farms are RARE. Most famrs, including dairy, cattle, and lamb, are small and family owned. 
https://www.usda.gov/media/blog/2020/01/23/look-americas-family-farms 
Most of the meat and milk is produced by factory farms. Mass amounts of cattle can't be sustained on grasslands at a fixed place. Even Mongols struggle with disappearing grasslands. Cattle have to be fed from crops and "hay".
Why the actual FUCK would a farmer maintain 65% of his land for NOTHING where he still has to maintain it, improve it, pay for it, pay taxes on it, etc? 
What are you talking about moron? Are you daft? I said they are counting all lands possible for agriculture when they say "agricultural lands". 
Let me simplify it for you brainlet
A good chunk of non-marginal land is used to grow cattle feed
We already have enough suitable lands to grow as much crops we need 
Grazing cant sustain hordes of cattle and would actually ruin the ecosystem
You think cows can sustained on those small ass lands and every poultry venture is one of those little farms where cows just graze on land all day?
I don't justify it, I don't give a fuck, meat is yummy. If human was yummy I wouldn't give a fuck, I would eat human
I care more about being healthy and happy than virtue signaling. Vegans make no difference for animals and they harm themselves every time they eat plants instead of animals
Meat tastes good and I'm retarded.
That doesn't mean a huge chunk of their diet isn't something humans can't consume like onions
translation
"Duuuuur people can eat cull onions duuuurrrrrrr"
https://www.agproud.com/articles/22980-cull-onions-a-byproduct-feedstuff-for-cattle?v=preview
Also
"huuuuuuuur I never heard of beef toxicosis caused by overcomsumption of onions duuuuurrrrrrr"
https://extension.oregonstate.edu/node/116161/printable/print#:~:text=Cull%20onions%20are%20those%20that%20are%20damaged%20and,to%20reduce%20economic%20losses%20and%20protect%20the%20environment.
"We grow hay on good farmland!
Dumbfuck - why would you grow hay, which is very low value, rather than any human feed crop which is high value??
You're demanding farmers lose money, which they don't want to do.
 I said they are counting all lands possible for agriculture when they say "agricultural lands".
Yet the analysis proves they DON'T. you're just making shit up. Again
We already have enough suitable lands to grow as much crops we need
Yes, but that would DEMAND a ten-fold increase in high-speed, long-range refrigerated shipping - as was pointed out!
That would make ALL food and ALL transportation no less than 5 times as expensive as it is now.
To be vegan you need to starve the 60% of the world that is poorest to death first, you evil fuck
NPNV
no pussy no veganism
What a retarded ass post with made up bullshit?
It would happend....just because I said it would ok 
You don't understand shit about food distribution and are hypothesing it like a retard. You can't even adress my points properly and keep changing goalposts. Kill yourself and fuck greedy ass farmers.
Milk is the perfect food. Eggs are the second best. I'm not a vegan for health reasons.
meat tastes good. that's the only justification I need.
I simply don't feel empathy for farm animals
I don't give a fuck about animals. I justify the death of animal by the simple fact that its an animal. 
People who care too much about animals rights (which I also don't support) are probably psychopaths.
Is there any real argument for veganism instead of vegetarianism? 
animal products are exploitative - sent from my iphone
I can think of one genuine example:
animal products by proxy support the meat industry 
But you could say that about giving any money to any person or group who doesn't operate on a vegan policy. Therefore, everytime you pay your taxes, utilites, pay for gas, or internet, you contribute to the murder of life by proxy, which nullifies your sacrifice. Otherwise, you have to admit incrimental reduction - and then the question, why not promote vegetarianism? Anything else like 'only hardline option works' is basically two-more-weeksism, which has it's own moral pitfalls in itself, ie. it's just a deluded form of complacency.
Baaed response, also vegan too. Doesn't make it right though
They are delicious. Simple as.
Because I struggle hard enough with a vegetarian diet as it is. Only manage an average of 6 days out of 7.
question god
Your god would be none the better, he kills off the weak all the same. I guess it fits with the whole 'made in his image'.
More variety locally where I live, if I stick to buying fresh stuff in my area I'm limited to say 3 forms of protein, most of which are beans. Eating local meat is better for the environment than having some chink or spick grow shit halfway across the world and having it shipped to you.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
A life has to die for us to get food. Plants also react to suffering, so why should I not eat meat?
I can understand the argument that farming is bad for the environment and the conditions the animals are kept can be bad, so cutting down on it is a good idea, but the idea that
Killing is bad!
Is just wrong. It happens all the time, for animals it's part of life. Sure, unnecessary killing is wrong, but we're gonna eat them, so what? Animals in the wild are constantly facing dangers, they way we kill them is probably the quickest and least painful
I don't need to justify anything. I enjoy meat and animal products despite the suffering it causes. Simple as.
Obviously those doggies are just looking for a cuddle.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
I don't, I just eat them.
my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape. But even after admitting this, there is no catharsis; my punishment continues to elude me, and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself. No new knowledge can be extracted from my telling. This confession has meant nothing.
Give me a single argument as to why you're not vegan.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
There is nothing to justify, it's legal to kill animals and sell their meat.
well how do you justify the death of a plant?
is it a lesser being? says who, you?
inb4 you dont have to kill the plant to harvest it
yeah, so cutting up a creature and eating its parts, then waiting for it to recover, only to cut it and devour again is better?
vegans are more psychopatic than normal people
How do you justify the death of an animal?
it's natural, if we didn't kill them, they would kill each other for the same reason. 
I am not against eating meat, it's part of life. 
What I am against is the horrible conditions in which most farms keep their animals in. I would ban cruelty like that, and torture every single one of those people.
I am not against eating meat, it's part of life.
What I am against is the horrible conditions in which most farms keep their animals in. I would ban cruelty like that, and torture every single one of those people
Humans keep other humans in wage cages 40+ hours a week.
Does a lion justify itself to the zebra?
I eat food because I am hungry
ooga booga me hunga booga
Yikes
How do you justify the death of an animal?
it tastes good, you ever had philly cheese steak? a meal of the gos
Make a logical argument for me not to eat meat.
Protip: You can't
Make a logical argument for me not to eat meat
Nah I don't care. Go ahead, hungry caveman, eat
Absolutely BTFO, Veganism is a cult, all you can do is appeal to emotion because you are incapable of convincing people with logic.
Acquire reading comprehension. I don't want to convince you, I literally don't care.
i simply don't believe that animal lives are equal to ours or that killing them in a humane way is a bad thing. however i am strongly against factory farming, caged hens, industrial food that disregards the animal's wellbeing. all meat should be free range, humanely killed, grass fed, organic, taxed according to the carbon it produces, and therfore much more expensive.
Veganism causes more damage than eating meat
How about health you troglodyte? Even if you don't care about your own health getting eaten negatively impacts an animals health. You don't need to eat animals to live. I don't have to prove anything because eating animals is just wrong.
I always make sure to eat more meat to compensate for the vegan retards out there :)
How do you justify the death of an animal?
I don't need to. We owe no moral duty to animals, or anything nonhuman in general. It's no different than the tree that died so I could have a wooden table in my living room.
Nah that's just you preaching your personal morals. I have no moral obligation to stop eating meat. Eating animals is perfectly fine, stop being such a bleeding heart faggot.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
No justification is required.
I simply don't care.
Much the same way you don't care about the living organisms you consider food.
I simply do not care for the life of an animal I do not know just as I do not care for the life of a human being I do not know.
Also plants feel pain
They don't have a nerve system.
I'm not gonna jeopardize my own health for the sake of some retarded fucking chicken.
Because they taste very good. Especially with seasonings.
Been on a vegan diet. I felt like shit. People who think vegan diets are super healthy are just fat asses who should have gone on a fast. So many people fall into the trap, they go vegan, start losing weight and feeling good. Before long they're convinced veganism is an incredibly healthy and ethical diet. Eventually they reach the point of no return where their diet has made them so malnurished they can't think straight or even be aware of their own body. At that point they just slowly deteriorate into a spiral of veganism and mental illness.
sociology
Stopped reading immediately.
What's wrong with animals dying
Humans have dominion and control over animals, slaughterhouses are immoral to animals but it's for the greater good therefore no further justification or gymnastics is needed. Plant protien is shit and onions based and not nutritious enough. Come back when fungi overtakes the fake meat industry and then I'm willing to listen. No idea why vegans don't adopt fungi more
I am vegan and I legitimately hate these posts.
I wouldn't be surprised if there were people who went out of their way NOT to eat meatless stuff just because they were so fucking annoyed at this shit.
I say this as the rare conservative, gun-toting vegan of 13 years. There are entire circles of people who are interested in vegetarianism but who will never adopt it because we're all obnoxious, blue-haired, judgemental freaks. You've made eating meat into an identitarian issue. People do that shit as a political statement now.
Give me a single argument as to why you're not vegan.
I don't care about things that are not me or those close to me.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
I don't. Justification is for pussies and cvcks.
Man fuck them animals nigga
It's too expensive, and not filling enough for the price.
if we think of the earth as a closed system it doesnt matter where you take that energy from holding a capital of it will always impede other life and its possibilities. id be fooling myself to believe that im being moral for indirectly killing things. i dont NEED meat but i dont avoid it either. if somebody lets their cat roam free they cant be mad if it doesnt come home you know?
If roles were reversed they would eat me.
So you're eating dogs?
Dogs are kin not cattle.
You don't eat kin.
I just don't have a big bleeding heart for cows, chickens, pigs. If they were endangered or some shit then maybe
Because it's hypocrite. Most (if not all) human activities have an impact in the environment which causes destruction and suffering to animals and even to other human beings. If you really want to help nature kys so you can stop consuming reaources. But even then that would be useless because there is so much people that it wouldnt make any difference. There is no middle point with the current system, it is either global genocide, a complete remake of the socio-economic system or the destruction of the ecosphere as we know it.
For example, many faggots whine and seethe about palm oil because many forests have been destroyed to grow it. However oil palm is the plant that yields the most oil and if we were to replace it with other crop it would require even more space so mutts could eat their puke-like chocolate. Or how most vegeshits opose GMOs because LE BAD, when in reality is the only way we can harvest enough food for the evergrowing population without covering half Earth with farms and the other half with pesticide and fertilizer factories. Or how mines tear apart whole ecosystems, how bees will be goners in 50 years and another trillion issues.
So no, going full chimp because you found a piece of meat on your soup wont help at all to end suffering faggot nigger. 
On the other hand, vegies are delicious and cooking a meal just with them from time to time is something that everyone should do. Vegetables should be enjoyed and not used by cucks to feel morally superior.
How do you justify the death of an animal
easy. We need to stop killing each other before we would reach the level to stop killing animals. Today we have several battle zones on our Earth.
So, we're quite far from this level and all of today's "veganism" is a bunch of lies, spread by "pro-vegan" companies in the name of profit
They taste yummy
How many animals shall there be?
Animals live and die, it is their nature.
Have you seen the wild nature?
In freedom animals live in constant distress, do you not see that animal populations are literally controlled by pushing against the substrate?
This means that at any given time if the population were to artificially be inflated by 5% then in a few years, it would be reduced back to its original value.
This means that for every animal that lives many others die.
It is that simple.
Animals live in a way where only one among many survives and most just die horrible and meaningless deaths.
An animals live is just death or death and reproduction.
Here is an example about nature:
My parents like feeding wild birds.
Feeding wild birds artificially raises up the population beyond the level of natural substance: this means that when my parents eventually stop feeding way, because they move away, get bored or heck maybe they continue doing it for 50 more years just like that. But then after all that time there will ne a reconning. 
Because the artificially inflated population will have to be reduced back to its natural level.
This is what it means to be an animal.
You are here talking so much about how cruel it is to eat something that was alive.
But that is only something you can say if you do not understand that this world is insanely cruel and you live in an artificially humane world, which is nothing other then an illusion created by the sacrifices of billions of people, and now you, the cuddled baby in your crib, isolated from all the horrors of reality is trying to grandstand on the fact that you do not like some type of food that was brought to you as you find it sad how it was made - neglecting to see that everything you own was created from blood, and everything that exists in this world was payed for in blood.
You are just a fool who understands nothing, so just gracefully accept what has been given to you instead of continuing on with this tanteum
They react to stimuli
 How do you justify the taste of an animal?
Tastes good
God I love beef jerky
if there's a market for it, you know some kike is gonna be there
Honestly, because I have no reason to be for such ridiculous reasons. The death of that animal will happen regardless if I choose to eat it or not. It's an entire industry, and anything that doesn't sell just ends up in the trash. It doesn't return to being a living being anymore. Is it healthier to eat vegan? Sure. Is it as affordable? Nope, and that's the cincher.
my not as close anymore friend is a hardcore vegan and seen him firsthand degrade from quick witted to forgetful and unable to make a coherent sentence without constant filler words. he never drank or did drugs, pretty sure it was the diet that made him dumber through depriving himself of essential amino acids and easy iron.
veganism ruins social bonds with friends and family solely because vegans become 'that guy' people need to be considerate about when planning dinners and fucks over half the dishes because it would be rude to only make one decent thing vegan. cant relate with vegans over food because their food is over salted and oily or muh UMAMI'D shit that sucks. 
literally all that vegans talk about is their diet they dont know was probably carefully designed by the CIA to psyop people into being hated and isolated by everyone except more deranged vegans
Its life is worth less than the enjoyment I get from eating it
There are 33 billion chickens alive today.
What do you propose we do with them?
In nature they would not survive.
You want us to genocide them?
Same with pigs and cattle.
You want farm animals to be dead rather then alive just because eventually they have to die one way or another.
Oh an hunting is apparently also immoral, because when a wolf gets the deer it is okay, but if its a human its suddenly immoral.
Give me a break 
Vegans are just obnoxious and naive, they should just shut the fuck up.
Honestly every time I hear someone trying to impose his diet on other people I see them as nothing more then a narcissistic manipulator.
How do you justify the killing of a plant you hypocritical nigger, they're alive just as much as animals are and I highly doubt you're the kind of vegan that only eats plant products that doesn't ultimately kill itaww8dk
you are what you eat. i don't want to be a s()ybean, i want to be a BVLL, so i will continue to eat big so that i can BE big.
How do you justify the death of an animal?
The animal has done no sin. It is slaughtered for the glory of God.
you decide with your wallet weather those animals live or die 
so technically you, a mindless customer are directly responsible for their deaths.
plants cant suffer or feel pain.
a diet that was practiced since the dawn of time is a CIA ploy
why are meat eaters so retarded
Give me a single argument as to why you're not vegan.
If I don't have my daily dose of cheese, I'd wage wars and kill millions.
I can't because I really wish I had enough will power to quit meat. Vegans are morally right and I don't understand why people seethe and cope so much over them. Never was bother by a vegan other than ordering food for someone and they politely ordered something else while they told me they are vegan. I guess I'm addicted to meat and spoiled my taste buds too much to make a switch.
Lmao, then why did you make that thread?
The lack of nutrient is rotting the brain of the average vegantard.
Haven't scientists already concluded fish can't feel pain either? Why not eat them?
idk what clickbait article you went thru but fish absolutely feel pain 
t. used to fish and butcher live fish
They respond to stimulus, but humans share a concept of "pain" with