Dom Ni Edition 
your type
are Dom Nis psychic?
what do you think of Dom Ni users?
what are some myths about Ni users?
in what ways do you defy Ni stereotypes?
how angry does it make you when people pretend to be Ni users who are anything but?
is Ni better than Ne?
Don't know your type? Take a test here:
https://sakinorva.net/functions
Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is an introspective self-report questionnaire indicating differing psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions. The test attempts to assign four categories: introversion or extraversion, sensing or intuition, thinking or feeling, judging or perceiving.
An introductory article:
https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics
Bibliography of Jungian and MBTI derived typology
https://pastebin.com/XJvFYQzT
Explanations of PT types and functions:
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types
Turbie's Wurbular funground of additional tests and resources:
https://pastebin.com/QK0uSJaT
Previous Thread: >>72909320 
Infj here, hey look ma I'm on the Hungarian berry picking forum! No stop being paranoid. Ni using Se at all is a fucking myth to me. Wtf does breaking the stereotype even mean? Who cares about random user 5752256's brain? All functions are important. Where's my fated infp supporting character that gets the best girl ending over ENTP?
Because she's a nasty cockslut
Please do not lie about sophie on her special day (it's sophie sunday)
Is "Luca" still here?
You drew me a very cute picture last year and I promised you I'd name my strongest paprika plant after you.
Here are the three seedlings and how they're coming along. :)
It'll be another month until I can set them outside on the balcony though.
You're an abstract thinker, not an intuitive. ESTP if I had to guess.
I've always been an ENFJ.
Though my ex told me I had ESFJ tendencies too.
who's the thread heartbreaker if not enfj-senpai
It's all in your head.
are Dom Nis psychic?
more like psychotic kekekek
your type
INFJ
are Dom Nis psychic?
Some are, some are not, I guess.
what do you think of Dom Ni users?
They usually see more of the unseen.
what are some myths about Ni users?
It's said that angels are INFJs. And maybe ENFJs.
in what ways do you defy Ni stereotypes?
I'm "psychic", so I guess I'm the stereotype.
how angry does it make you when people pretend to be Ni users who are anything but?
I just don't cae what people pretend to be.
is Ni better than Ne?
Is vanilla better that chocolate?
your type
INFJ
are Dom Nis psychic?
I think our predictive abilities are more of a pattern recognition thing - subconsciously picking up on little domino effects and on some level noticing when things have lined up fortuitously or gone awry, then using this experience to navigate similar problems in the future despite seemingly never having experienced the problem before. I also think the wombo-combo of introversion and perception dominance can make someone delusional and catastrophizing in a way that people associate with some sort of greater knowledge or awareness.
what do you think of Dom Ni users?
Based schizos. Some are insufferably pretentious, though.
what are some myths about Ni users?
We still make our decisions with some relation to objective reality. It is warped in service of the ego but never completely removed like certain posters like to say
in what ways do you defy Ni stereotypes?
I'm a cranky old man but not that cranky of an old man. Very childish and playful when I get comfortable around someone.
how angry does it make you when people pretend to be Ni users who are anything but?
Idc
is Ni better than Ne?
All of the extroverted functions are probably "better" in an objective sense, but personally neither the live fast die young Ne dominant lifestyle or 300 iq but can't get out of bed Ne aux behaviors appeal to me more than.. whatever this is.
are Dom Nis psychic?
I would say they are the people who are most likely being able to see/enter the astral plane. That can be a problem if one is confused about it and may think "am I schizo?", but when this talent is used in a proper way, it gives access to an actual other world, that is not less real than the material world. The "psychics" have to get used of that, of course, when they live in a society where it is not so much desired when a person can see ghosts and spirits, and astral-travel to other realms. But they are the visionaries and spiritual guides in humankind. It's not an easy but an interesting life.
your type
INFJ-A
are Dom Nis psychic?
ESP is real and the intuitive types have some sort of commune with the powers at be.
what do you think of Dom Ni users?
Bunch of magical weirdos that suck at communicating their own ideas in any sort of tangible or coherent manner.
what are some myths about Ni users?
Don't know, don't pay attention.
in what ways do you defy Ni stereotypes?
Don't pay attention to that stuff either.
how angry does it make you when people pretend to be Ni users who are anything but?
Not at all, I find it fairly amusing most of the time. 
is Ni better than Ne?
Nah. Undifferentiated intuition is based.
that's none of your business
According to PDB this quote is peak ISTP. Why?
am I schizo?
I'm infj and ask my therapist all the time if I'm insane. They are also infj
Wanna peek at intuition in a fresh and discernible way?
Intuition: Scientific, Non-Scientific or Unscientific? 
[.....] 
there will always be knowledge remaining in the non-scientific bucket, containing whatever science did not prove (yet) to be right or wrong
Unfortunately, those who worship science, have a tendency to treat the non-scientific bucket in the same manner as the unscientific one, dismissing its content as wrong, without well-founded evidence. Even though it may not always be possible to differentiate immediately in which knowledge bucket a particular explanation (or part of an explanation) belongs, this should not lead to a premature assumption that the explanation is unscientific. Intuition is one such phenomenon.
[.....]
 WHY INTUITION SCHOLARS AND INTUITION PRACTITIONERS SEE DIFFERENTLY
The main difference between the views of intuition practitioners and intuition scholars is in the way they think about sensory inputs. Intuition practitioners aim at attaining insight into hidden truths through immersing themselves in a phenomenon, thus the focus is on the personal (individual) experience. This means taking the subjectivity to the extreme in order to reach understanding. In contrast, intuition scholars, at least traditionally, aim at attaining insight into hidden truths by getting rid of everything personal and subjective, and penetrating the phenomenon in an impersonal objective way. As Schrodinger (1958) argues in his discourse on the so called 'scientific method', science is also ultimately sensory-based: even if we design a machine that designs another machine that does the measurement and the processing in itself, there is still a starting point somewhere, where the initial machine was designed by a human using sensory-based approach. Similarly, there is also always a human interpretation of the outcome at the end of whatever data the machines collected and processed, which is why Gummesson (2003) claims that all research is interpretive.
[.....]
COMPREHENSIVE VIEW OF INTUITING: SENSING + SENSEMAKING
Both intuition scholars and intuition practitioners acknowledge that some interpretation takes place as a part of the intuiting process. We call this the sensemaking aspect of intuiting.
This sensemaking can be described by five of the six characteristics identified by intuition scholars: it is rapid, holistic, alogical, based on tacit processing, and carries intrinsic certainty.
We have identified one characteristic on which intuition scholars and intuition practitioners disagree when describing the way intuiting works: intentionality. Intuition practitioners' explanation allows for a possibility that the intuiting process can be initiated on cue, while the scholarly explanation claims that intuition is spontaneous, not allowing for intentionality. 
This discrepancy may be explained by the fact that the scholarly view disregards the sensory aspect of intuiting, while for intuition practitioners, intuiting is rooted in the sensory, and it is in the sensory realm where intentionality of intuiting process can be achieved. Although intuition as an outcome is naturally spontaneous, the process of intuiting may or may not be spontaneous; it is plausible that practice-based and scholarly explanations address different phases of the intuiting process.
Looking at the process of intuiting, the product of which is intuition, we divide the process of intuiting into sensing and sensemaking.
On the input side of sensing, there are sensory signals, which in the process of sensing are transformed into sensations. These sensations, tacit or explicit, are the inputs of the sensemaking process, the output of which is meaning. Thus the process of intuiting, described as 'sensing + sensemaking', produces 'sensations with meaning', that is, intuition. While not all 'sensation with meaning' is intuition, all intuition is 'sensation with meaning'.
This also explains why intuiting is tightly linked with domain expertise in the scholarly view: domain experts are competent at interpreting all sorts of inputs within their area of expertise. Ignoring the sensing aspect of intuiting makes concept of intuiting incomplete
[...]
The sensing phase of intuiting can be improved through developing physical, emotional, and intellectual self-awareness, while the sensemaking phase can be educated through increasing domain expertise or context expertise (Dorfler &amp; Stierand, 2017; Sinclair, 2010; Sinclair et al., 2002).
The Western educational system is fully focused on the latter, while the sensing is systematically repressed (Bergson, 1911; Hogarth, 2001). Top professionals in any area of expertise - be it musicians, chefs, athletes, designers, or scientists - are esteemed precisely for their 'sense of the game' in their domains, even when formally they are recognized for expertise (Bruner, 1977: 67), so sensing is worth developing along with sensemaking in order to achieve highest levels of performance.
There is no scientific evidence that contradicts the claim of the intuition practitioners' view that intuiting can be originated intentionally, as well as spontaneously. This means that intuition practitioners' claim of possible intentionality of intuiting belongs in the non-scientific bucket, rather than in the unscientific one, and with further research, it has potential to move to the scientific bucket, provided that the sensing + sensemaking model of intuiting sustains scientific scrutiny.
https://pure.strath.ac.uk/ws/portalfiles/portal/102673477/Dorfler_Bas_Elgar_2020_Intuition_scientific_non_scientific_or.pdf (I recommend to at least skim the full source)
In relation to "expertise," it may be good to outline that what intuiting may be about is developing and working through field of personal understanding, rather than operating with what is just personally known.
https://archive.vn/ON2os
Not that acquisition of knowledge could necessarily be excluded from the processes of intuiting, but the aspect of understanding seems to be overlooked and everywhere I look.
And bonus commentary:
I assess this would also explain the phenomena of "revelations of problems of objectivity sometimes coming in dreams rather than in a state of wakefulness" - it's consequence of intuition immediately working with what integrates into what's understood (and, specifically through this way, memorized) by the mind.
https://www.news-medical.net/health/Role-of-Sleep-in-Memory-Consolidation.aspx#4
newer findings characterize sleep as a brain state optimizing memory consolidation, in opposition to the waking brain being optimized for encoding of memories. Consolidation originates from reactivation of recently encoded neuronal memory representations, which occur during SWS [slow-wave sleep] and transform respective representations for integration into long-term memory. Ensuing REM sleep may stabilize transformed memories. 
the concept of an active redistribution of memory representations from networks serving as temporary store into long-term stores might hold also for non-hippocampus-dependent memory, and even for nonneuronal, i.e., immunological memories, giving rise to the idea that the offline consolidation of memory during sleep represents a principle of long-term memory formation established in quite different physiological systems*
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3768102
we posit that a function of sleep is to optimize the consolidation of sequence-based knowledge (the when) and the establishment of semantic schemas of unordered items (the what) that underpin cross-linguistic variations in sentence comprehension
sleep is involved in the construction of predictive codes, a unified principle of brain function that supports incremental sentence comprehension
https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fnhum.2018.00018/full
damn, you almost got >>72977777 .
(*worth noting that intuition may be a multi-system process, rather than brain/gut-specific one)
Last one for sleep-understanding-intuition axis:
Sleep inspires insight
Insight denotes a mental restructuring that leads to a sudden gain of explicit knowledge allowing qualitatively changed behaviour
we show a facilitating role of sleep in a process of insight. Subjects performed a cognitive task requiring the learning of stimulus-response sequences, in which they improved gradually by increasing response speed across task blocks. However, they could also improve abruptly after gaining insight into a hidden abstract rule underlying all sequences. Initial training establishing a task representation was followed by 8h of nocturnal sleep, nocturnal wakefulness, or daytime wakefulness. At subsequent retesting, more than twice as many subjects gained insight into the hidden rule after sleep as after wakefulness, regardless of time of day.
Sleep did not enhance insight in the absence of initial training. A characteristic antecedent of sleep-related insight was revealed in a slowing of reaction times across sleep. We conclude that sleep, by restructuring new memory representations, facilitates extraction of explicit knowledge and insightful behaviour
https://sci-hub.st/https://doi.org/10.1038/nature02223
(the authors conflate knowledge and understanding, though)
Mendeleyev, who laid out the periodic table of chemical elements, reported that his understanding of the critical rule underlying it emerged out of a dream
The Number Reduction Task (explained in Fig. 1a) was adopted from ref. 18. Before the experiment proper, subjects had to perform without mistakes on ten practice strings to assure correct understanding of the 'same' and 'different' rule. The hidden rule was abstract, that is, dependent on relational patterns rather than on fixed stimulus-stimulus or stimulus-response repetitions as in classical conditioning or in typical serial reaction-time tasks
underrated ngl
I love ni doms! Don't be mean to them. No bully.
https://strawpoll.com/polls/QrgebLwaLZp
Prince said my poll was good
I need a dream analyst to give a soul reading.
I wake up at 1pm, and say hmmm. It's important I sleep one more time. I wake up at 1:30pm and had this dream that is the timeline.
I am in my bedroom, but it's quite dirty. I have a girl she comes in to move in and we sleep together the first night, she is in the form of my first girlfriend. Suddenly, she comes home with a boy and they are sleeping together on the bed. I'm very angry about this, as I've been forced into sleeping on the floor while they're on the bed. Finally I break, I scream at the guy he needs to go. I start packing his shit and tossing it out. Both the boy and girl are acting confused, I'm screaming telling them to get out. I walk out to the main room of the house and there are 4 or 5 roommates, I tell them I'm kicking this stupid bitch out since she's a cheating whore and they are all supportive and excited about it. Two of them grab guns, two of them have bow and arrows and they're just pointing them at the boy.
Eventually I get all their shit out of my room and my room is clean now, I have 3 desks, 3 chairs, a bed, 3 computers, and everything is set up pristine. The boy was all being a whiny bitch saying he only ever did this because I didn't give him a birthday present, but I did give him a birthday present and I showed him the memory. He was shocked that it was true and then vanished. The girl was still there for a time before finally she left also. Returning to my prostine room I close the curtains, one of them I look outside and China is right there, like Beijing was right out the window there is a huge redroofed building and stars and a military car patrolling which the drivers duck down when they see me. I close that window too and go outside where my housemate asks me how I did it? And I said did what? He asked did I write it down? And I asked what it was? And then we all ate cheese together.
So what is it?
So what is it?
Just a dream.
Souls don't exist.
Go read astrologoy horoscopes until you find one you like, it'll serve you just as much as listening to any charlatan.
Quite a banger of a dream though.
INFJ-A is NOT a charlatan. He knows the meaning of every dream.
Souls don't exist
If that's true, may you give me a reply with "You can have my soul"?
I can't give you something that doesn't exist.
I have no soul.
Neither do you.
It's just a little silly CTRL+C CTRL+V anon &lt;3
Oh sure, you can have my soul.
But I want a hundred bucks for it. Money first though, since people like you are usually poor.
Also, if you have any other people who'd want to buy it, hook me up with them, so I could get free money from them too?
your type
are you happy that Breeder and ENFJ-senpai are dating now
Oh nice, a premonition dream. I am bound by law not to interfere with premonition dreams unless soul bound, due to the high risk of temporal fluctuations.
Who said they're dating? I thought Breeder already had a gf.
Yeah, maybe saying Chuck has defeated her past is a bit of an exaggeration (I'm the anon who created the list), but she still has done more about confronting her demons and has more courage than perhaps any other regular besides maybe Centaur. Chuck's sometimes ostensibly reckless lifestyle is another good point as to why she might be the bravest; I had forgotten that when typing my reply.
Yes, but I'm not sure if he'd be the first in either of those categories. Sexiest probably because of the emotion and anime girls in his posts.
Wait, what's this about Chuck's lifestyle? I thought she just had a normal NEET life
Chuck has a job and a physically active lifestyle.
your type
ESTP
are Dom Nis psychic?
Probably not as evidence suggests psychic is bullshit.
what do you think of Dom Ni users?
Not much.
what are some myths about Ni users?
Idk.
in what ways do you defy Ni stereotypes?
Idk.
how angry does it make you when people pretend to be Ni users who are anything but?
Idc.
is Ni better than Ne?
Idk.
Centaur
Oh you mean the guy who "confronts his demons" by looking at them, understanding them and going "oh yeah, I'm fine like this, there is nothing that can be done about it"?
Does she do dangerous stuff like mountain climbing or extreme sports or something?
i'm an ass because i'm retarded and can't tell. single digit Fe. my natural bent is to be overly accommodating, but it's put me in bad spots, so i had to learn to be more guarded. there's a sweet spot between open and closed somewhere. i can't find it. i am also temperamental, even when i do my best to be consistent.
i'm not brave. i'm a coward most of the time.
it beats complacence AND denial. which is the standard for posters here. the only reason you're capable of thinking as lowly of him as you are, is because he hides none of his insecurities and flaws. nobody else has the nuts to do that, including me. everyone naturally obfuscates their worst traits. he doesn't.
Frustration and resentment, seeking a feeling of release and closure. Maybe something happened to upset you recently. Maybe several little things in tandem. Maybe you're generally a negative or vulnerable person who dwells on darker feelings. It doesn't mean anything in particular, just that you relish the feeling of being correct and getting comeuppance, validation, the internal and external security that comes with justification. Most people do.
You're a mistyped INFJ.
wow, my world is shaken. i guess i'm an infj now, with all of those convincing facts you presented, i'm just going to throw out everything else i've observed about myself to support the conclusion i currently hold and just believe you instead.
Not every self aware person is an INFJ. Especially since the INFJ brand of self awareness is bpd self-loathing and whining about being misunderstood
Natural bent is to be accommodating
Fe
More insightful and understanding of other people than INFJ-A
Ni
it beats complacence AND denial.
No, because the result is exactly the same.
He still goes around spouting his drivel that is not rooted in reality.
You could say, he's even worse precisely because he is aware of all his issues and refuses to do anything about it but whine 24/7. He *chooses* to be garbage.
Anyway, that trash is not worth anybody's time, so I'm going to stop talking about it.
More insightful and understanding of other people than INFJ-A
with all due respect thats like calling anyone taller than 3 feet a giant
Centaur's biggest flaw is being hateful and mean
my 'natural bent being accommodating' was a neutral way of saying that i used to be a pushover because i was incapable of valuing myself as a human being, relying on what i could do for others as a way of making my existence have value. i am no longer a massive fucking fag, so i don't think that way anymore. my Fe was 2 the last time i took sark.
Ni is in my stack as an ISTP.
who do you respect more: an alcoholic who says they can quit whenever they want and have it under control, but get wasted every night and crash their car
or a person who says they have a drinking problem but have no motivation to improve their life, and though he doesn't stop drinking, generally avoids other people so it won't become their problem as well
i respect the second person more. he's unhealthy, but he's more mature.
hates to improvise, careful planner, will take time to build a plan, seeing all the different ways it could go wrong, from all the different possibilities found, build backup plans (excuses, arguments etc...) in case things don't go as planned
Stereotypically speaking...just for fun, what mbti type would that be?
Ti critic behaviour, with Ne activity in "negative" way
ISTJ
who do you respect more: an alcoholic who says they can quit whenever they want and have it under control, but get wasted every night and crash their car
or a person who says they have a drinking problem but have no motivation to improve their life, and though he doesn't stop drinking, generally avoids other people so it won't become their problem as well
Just neither, to be desuly honest
Neither descriptions bring out a sense of respect or disrespect towards them
Why Ti critic? "planning goes brrrr"?
Isn't it pretty much impossible for Ni to be wrong about anything?
She explored some underwater caves recently.
Checks out with "senex" position
seeing all the different ways it could go wrong
build backup plans (excuses, arguments etc...)
She explored some underwater caves recently.
Wtf. I've never seen her talk about this stuff on here.
My favourite vtuber said she did not love me today and I am now sad.
She is an ISFJ so now I hate all ISFJs.
so...
anyone read anything good lately? 
i did a cyoa lest night. thats a form of reading. it was the City Incarnate. i thought it was really good. i think i find smaller historic cities romantic because i lived in one while in high school. and i like the supernatural and noir elements. i think "obscure detective" is my favorite archetype. i know i use this gif a lot but i really like it and feel its often relevant. https://puzzle.aggie.io/M4fuRb
confront and overcome are different words because they are different things. the first one is necessary and the second one is a choice. some people prefer the company of demons.
https://youtu.be/XoQvbDROucQ [Embed]
I'm not sure I get that graphic. Take an IxFP. Would they accept something that challenges their Fi dom? Or would they just ignore it, fight it because it goes against their values?
Maybe she will love you tomorrow if you give her enough money.
Gotta say, I mildly, gently, delicately, complexly and nuanced-ly abhor the self-proclaimed parasocial fan club presidents who retain absolutely jack shit about longtime posters' true personalities, histories or cognitive preferences, while projecting inaccurate or outright shit takes. Sometimes, propping up a persona the "Regular" has laid foundation for already, contributing; in other cases, taking a personal desire and running with it, because seemingly the existing public persona fits the preexisting individual fantasy best --paperdoll-crimping the tabs of the person they want to see just snugly enough over the edges of the person that Is.
I do love you all, big picture considered. Take it as feedback or tolerate as catharsis.
I am not blameless myself.
...A monumental waste, and almost unholy. Sinister. Seeing the ways this environment is used to justify being ruled by ego instead of seeking dominion over mind, emotions, action. If you're going to play puppets, why aim so low? You (to an extent, with caveats) can be anyone you want to be online, you can believe anyone is anyone. And these are the illusions you choose to entertain? To elevate?
It's not such a horrid spectacle for everyone. Some I can see are well-intentioned, if not a bit naive, forgetful. Easily exploited, even. It does occasionally go from the top down.
I personally see the odds slim to none that change is educible from this post alone. From this sentiment, even. I can and should evolve it, repackage. For my own sake and sanity if nothing else.
Improvement, change at all, is.. uncertain, with a considerable few posters seeing this place as casual and inconsequential, incapable of being more even if those posters themselves also partly entertain the potential for above and beyond.
I argue not solely for this specific space, /mbti/, but for remote, online, human interpersonal relations. Self-actualization, potency through distillation. 
...
Enough, until I can pounce on something actionable.
What regulars do you think are most guilty of being misrepresented and what do you think the true articles are like?
It means that for some reason you feel like you have to justify your emotions.
Like they would not be accepted if you do not attach logical meaning.
You unconsciously resent this however and crave true emotional freedom.
Or you are a repressed cuckold.
One of the two.
dislike of useless speculation when it's possible to just eye check
facts first
can easily imagine how mechanism/computer program/chemical reaction/etc works
have a good tech degree
figured out how to get a job
still can't because social interactions are hard
not a fan of complaining
usual feedback:
'you are always right'
Suggest some types, idk.
dislike of useless speculation when it's possible to just eye check
Se, no Ti or Ne
facts first
Te
still can't because social interactions are hard
Hurr durr lack of Fe
can easily imagine
have a good tech degree
figured out how to get a job
not a fan of complaining
usual feedback:
'you are always right'
Unrelated to MBTI
simpzoned-by-vtuberthot-no-jutsu
i like the way you write and think you are.
hats off if you come up with something actionable, doesnt mean change, on this scale needs to be voluntary. and it never will be. people like their given personas or are dispassionate. people like giving personas or are dispassionate. its the few that care.
guys, finally got my steam deck yesterday
anybody wanna play?
Why even care about this, specifically?
shit games for midwit plebs
kill yourself
unless you're a boy? very cute if yes, good taste
I intend to speak when I can speak freely. I have undertaken great efforts recently to better identify the difference between being able to express myself freely, versus ensuring and/or avoiding certain perceptions. Those pesky narratives!)
No one can give or take away my ability to speak freely, but they can make the experience such a nuisance that I'm less inclined to attempt. I never want to be preachy. I fiercely value the autonomy of all individuals. Doesn't mean I don't cast judgements or take action to keep the expressed autonomy of others from threatening my own.
Some of the paramount issues seem the most unworkable, the patterns long since etched: here, on r9k, in society. At that point, I start to wonder whether it's worth it to save a sinking species or if you're just supposed to find the good ones and keep the dinghy afloat from there. It becomes a problem when spiky sabotage from the inside occurs. And still, you'll never escape the guilt. You were the one in charge of determining "good ones" and now everyone's soggy, and you're "making it worse" because they'd rather feel something than be soggy, so they relish the prick, but they only have to feel that way because they're waterlogged in the first place. It could be shanties and starlight, but it's complaints and dissension all around. Mutiny, they swear they're happy, good swimmers if worst comes to worst, and they toss you overboard. You're now so at peace with the unfactorable fathoms of chaos churning below you, relieved to be tossed to chance, worn down from seeing it all so clearly and not being able to keep 
ONE
FUCKING
CREW
STRAIGHT
regardless that you just spread out, breathe in, let go.
Better the scallywags you know than the kraken you don't? I can't say anymore.
And oh, fuck, the steamer is still taking on water while we're here tangled up in melodrama.
Sophie, INTJfemboi, and Homuanon probably receive the worst of it. Sophie is decently attractive and likable, but people memed him into being some kind of Chad when he's an insecure and depressed introvert. Nobody engages with INTJfemboi on any kind of meaningful level beyond spamming about how feminine he allegedly is. Homuanon has some who sincerely appreciate him but he's also in danger of being replaced with a flanderized, glamorized cardboard cutout by the userbase.
Tldr, to name a few and actually respond directly to you; 
recently Breed, Chuck, Turbie, ENFJ-senpai, Homuraposter, Sophie, Centaur, Prince, etc. have been victims of the helter-skelter of misrememberings met wit