Would you be too embarrassed to date a girl who dresses like this in public?
No, I'd be cool with dating pretty much any woman between the ages of 18 and 50. Unorthodox fashion would be a relatively trivial detail compared to the amount of defects I'm OK with embracing.
It would kinda put me off, but I don't think it would be a real sticking point for me.
I think it looks cute. All women should dress like that. I would demand her to wear these clothes all the time.
No but I'd look very drab by comparison
No. When I'm with someone I'm comfortable with my usually strong social inhibitions completely disappear.
I'm not a big fan of the sweet style, my gf already dresses in lolita and I dress to match her with old style formal fashion.
lolita is so cute, i wish i had girl friends who wore lolita &lt;/3 i wear hime clothing
Absolutely not. I think is cute as hell, especially if the dresses have poofy skirts.
The other day I had to do a group assignment in uni with a girl that dresses like this. I didn't think it was weird and nobody around seemed to mind.
Depends a lot on her fashion sense
i wanna dress like this but im nervous about what boys think
Kagome#2556
hime fashion is awesome
post some of your clothes
i doubt i want that around me 24/7 but i'd definitely want to fuck one of these chicks.
i'm not sure how to go about it.
boys think they look cute
any boy that think it's weird is a turbo normie and it's good you ran them out using your clothes
No. I'd actually like that look. 
But I would not recommend it, I highly doubt she would like the attention or be safe in my enriched shithole.
Otome > lolita
I get intimidated whenever I see a cute girl wearing a cute dress.
This would be nothing but a positive as I'd rather she dress like this than a gutter slag, irrespective of the fact that I think it looks nice as well. Also why would I be embarrassed of what someone else is wearing?
never heard of otome fashion what is that?
i dont dare to selfpost bc i dont wanna get the banhammer waaa but here some of my dresses
Otome kei.
The jannies never enforce this rule. Say the truth, which is that you don't want another seagull to post you in the ita thread for posting on r9k
No because lolitas are cool as fuck
You should add me right NOW if you're a lolita weeb
azuresou#8841
those are freaking adorable
i'm so buying this shit for my gf
jannies definitely enforce it, and why would i be posted in the ita thread when i dont even dress in lolita? i dress in himekaji &amp; ryousangata (which cgl hates/knows nothing about)
where do i go to learn more and to find stuff to buy? asking for my gf
The rule has always been about posting your face, genius, no one gets banned for posting their body.
what race do lolitas tend to be? the only american ones i see tend to be asian
idk desu, the stuff im into (and post) is all older and no longer sold anymore. the clothes i own, ive gotten by spending a lot of time searching secondhand sites, sometimes paying scalper prices bc they dont make clothes like that anymore. id say just follow liz lisa on instagram and go from there
idc, i dont wanna post myself anyways
Cute dresses!
It would help me stop fapping to lolis if I could fap to her instead
The fuck? No. Is this a bait thread?
Every single post on this fucking board is bait. Fuck this place, fuck this website, FUCK THIS GAY EARTH.
are lolita girls more dificult to date than regular weebs
Anon.
Objectively this is extremely weird. They look like they're in their mid 20s/early 30s but they're dressing like a 4 year old. It's creepy and the attraction here is the implied naivety which makes you look even creepier.
Social approval cucks are amusing.
I would kill for a girl that dress like this to be with me.
Imagine having a cute jirai kei gf
are you speaking from experience lad
I don't date cute men
those are women fag
