Every time i cum to porn, I feel this wave of guilt wash over me. It's not religious guilt or moral guilt, it's like future guilt. When I nut, I only feel a second or two of pleasure before I envision my ideal future wife crying and fading out of existence. She begs me to stop and think of our family and what I'm doing to us.
then stop masturbating. is a few minutes of pleasure really worth the negative side effects?
I'm trying to stop. It's not really masturbation that's the problem for me, it's porn addiction. Porn is worse than masturbation. I've been trying to break free from porn addiction for years but I think I'm finally ready to give it up. It's not benefitting me in any way. It's actually holding me back. Fuck it im gonna delete all my porn right now. Thanks anon. You inspired me.
good work, OP.
masturbation is harmful too, but quitting porn is the first step.
You're going to be tempted. When you are, pray and don't surrender to the temptation. If you deny the temptation, it will subside. It may subside in 30 minutes, sometimes it takes a few hours, but the temptation always fades if you deny it.
I exclusively masturbate to fantasies of my future wife, so I feel like it's not that bad.
The only time i feel guilt is when the chick looks a bit too young.
I just deleted everything. 14GB free on my phone. I owe Apple $5 but I changed my payment card to a debit card with no money on it, so the App Store has locked me out of downloading apps. So even if I get the temptation to watch porn, I won't be able to download MEGA to go to my collection. It'll be another two weeks until there's money on that card. Hopefully in 2 weeks I can break out of the habit of mindlessly watching porn to stimulate my senses.
nice. Good luck on your journey.
I've been doing nofap since 2016 and it's a long process to break free from coomerdom.
every day you don't watch porn/fap is a victory. Even if you just spend your night playing video games, it's a victory if you didn't relapse into porn and fapping.
If you're going to imagine an ideal wife, you might as well imagine one that's okay with you masturbating to porn.
if your wife is okay with you masturbating to porn, your wife doesn't love you.
it's no different than if a husband was okay with his wife sleeping with her boss.
You can just imagine she loves you though. Nobody can stop you.
You don't understand. I'm a porn addict. I've been a porn addict my entire life but it really ramped up during COVID. I'll literally sit and edge to porn for hours a day. The deeper I go into this porn addiction, the more I feel my life slipping out of my hands.
that woman whoever she is reminds me of my cousin who I want to creampie bad
Fair enough. I have to say though, if you're looking to kick a porn addiction, you have come to the absolute worst possible place, outside of a literal porn site, to do so. I question your sincerity and self-awareness.
The porn on this site doesn't stimulate me. I like latinas and black women, you all post feminine white men and transsexuals having sex with black guys. As a black man myself, I find most of the content posted here to be off putting.
