 be me 
 currently working at Burger King
 shitty job with shitty pay
 I hate my my job 
 it hurts my soul to show up at work but I have to because of bills and shit
 my coworkers are also assholes 
 keeps me out of conversations and treats me like an animal
 gets really sad because I have to work here
 last week
 not as busy as it usually is
 a fat kid enters the restaurant
 the kid comes up and orders 6 nuggets
 since its not busy and we got a shit ton of nuggets i give a few extra
 prob gave the kid 9 nuggets when he ordered 6 to be nice
 a few min later
 a enormous beast enters the restaurant
 makes a big scene that I fat shamed her son 
 she thinks that I gave the kid the extra nuggets because the kid is fat
 wtf.exe
 just tried to be nice to a kid
 can see that the kid is embarrassing that her mom yells
 gets called to a meeting tomorrow 
 fuck me
Basically I might lose my job because I tried to be nice and positive in a toxic work environment.
Yummy more meat for jabba.
keep insisting you didn't mean anything by it, you just wanted to be nice on a slow day. Doubt you'll get fired, you'll just get talked to.
Unlucky that you encountered a sub 10IQ person. Everyone knows if you get extra food in your meal, you count it as a blessing.
Unless you already stupidly confessed to what you did, in the meeting tomorrow claim total ignorance.
Just say you got distracted and must have miscounted.
If you in any way claim you intentionally gave him more nuggets, it won't matter what your real reason was. They will side with the hambeast just because she's the customer.
They will side with the hambeast just because she's the customer
this isn't true at all. Customers are easier to replace than workers for low wage hell jobs, and OP did nothing to escalate the situation, he just did a thing that rubbed the customer the wrong way and the customer caused a scene. If something like this happened at my store, we'd ban the customer and talk to the worker about not wasting food.
get a different job OP. honestly. where theres a BK there must be other chains. BK locations always look nasty and have grouchy people kek.
Whatever you do,dont admit that you gave away stuff for free. Mr.Noseberg will not be happy hearing that.
That's fucked up. Go work somewhere else, that sounds way too shitty. I used to work at a TGI Fridays and it was basically . Luckily my job now is comfy most of the time anyway
