Would you refuse to date a woman if she complained on the Internet in her free time, felt entitled to sex, was narcissistic, had no confidence, and hated men? No. You wouldn't. So why do we pretend the opposite is true?
I dated a woman who was a registered sex offender I really don't give a fuck and 99% of guys don't either, stop with these fucking comparisons guys settle far more
Always these subhuman bait threads. NEWSFLASH MEN WILL FUCK ANYTHING THAT MOVES IF THEY ARENT GETTING ANY.BEGGARS CANT BE CHOOSERS
/THREAD AND KYS OPEE
"Complaining on the Internet" doesn't and never has had anything to do with people getting laid. That's just some cope shit reddit and inceltears came up with to justify the just world hypothesis.
Yes. Why wouldn't I date her? We both would complain on the internet, she wants to have lots of sex with me, thinks she's hot shit, has no confidence and hates men(other than me). Sounds perfect actually.
men don't give a f, all they care is if a girl is hot, dtf and std free, its not like we care about marrying these women anyway.............
no. 
next question.
You got that right, accidentally.
Also I hate guys even more than women. 
So she better hates females too.
all women are like this wdym
I know it's the point of the post but this is the perfect girl.
Foids will never experience love and I'm here for it. Just despair until they reach robot levels.
was narcissistic, had no confidence
These are fine. The only mental problems that are legit deal breakers are psychopathy and BPD.
she complained on the Internet in her free time, 
Don't care. She's entitled to her opinions.
hated men
Don't care. She's entitled to her opinions.
This is a positive
complained on the Internet in her free time
Why would this be a bad thing?
felt entitled to sex
If she was a virgin before but felt entitled to having sex with me for being her bf that would be fine.
was narcissistic
Depends how narcissistic and how it manifests.
had no confidence
No man has ever cared about this. Shy girls are cute and men like them.
As long as she doesn't hate me and our children I don't care.
well anon, im all of those things (aside from entitled to sex), and ive had people try to date me before
Tomoko cosplayer?
All women complain on the internet. All women feel entitled to sex. All women are narcissists. (And usually solipsists.) I find a lack of confidence attractive in a woman.
So basically you're asking me if I would date a woman who hates men. Is she cute? My answer depends on whether she is cute.
Yes I would so long as she was mildy attractive.
100% would if she looked like pic related.
I slightly prefer confident women but it doesn't matter too much desu
Yeah I would, as long as she wasnt fat/lardy
