Anyone here fell in love with someone and they loved them back? what did it feel like? I want detailed descriptions.
Just curious to know what happiness feels like.
It is nice but then you get used to it and it becomes banal like every other human experience. Taylor Swift saying "boys only want love if it's torture" is not un-apt in communicating that the necessitated constant engagement of a turbulent uncertain relationship keeps your interest up just by virtue of it being a constant struggle
You tend to stop appreciating it when you take it for granted, like literally any other feeling towards or relationship with another person. It's a particular skill you have to develop to keep loving another person after the infatuation period expires
happiness is an ephemeral thing and mostly you don't even notice it when you have it, because you aren't actively managing your emotional state when you're happy, and you're probably busy doing something that makes you feel good.
Wherefrom emerges the joke that moms and dads are like incidental co-habitants that are barely tolerating each other; actually loving another person for like, decades is a skill you have to cultivate
(1/3)
I've had 2 loves in my life. 1 was too soon but the other is the one I am in now.
(2/3)
The first one started when I was 15, we got moved together on a seating plan. We just started talking to each other. She was vegetarian/vegan and I was that 4chan kid (this was what I was known as). Went to another girls B-day party who didn't like me so she kicked me out but this girl came and hid me. Whenever the annoying girl came by 1st love would hug me and smother my head in her shoulder as to make it unclear who I was. We would message each other until 9pm because I had a parental lock on my phone. Though I would ask for just 1 more minute to message her a &lt;3 which she would reply back. A couple dates here and there which were just so sweet. The first one I took her to the park and we sat under the bridge which was shits and giggles - this would obviously be the point to kiss but when you are in love you just enjoy the moments with them. Then after sitting by the river side and hugging and talking about life. Pizza afterwards of course. I did used to still have the note she wrote me on a napkin somewhere in my room but I've moved away for university so in my eyes its gone. She broke up with me right outside my house and that felt like a massive stab in the heart. 
"The vibe between us is completely different"
No closure, no reason, no sense. 
This was my first real break up from someone I loved. Came back to school from the christmas holidays a different guy. I was, according to others since I was unaware of this, a walking zombie and I didn't talk to anyone at all. I even had some people in the year below message me and ask if I am alright which did cheer me up. Though she said that we weren't anything and just friends I had to live in my shell pretending like nothing happened. I only got out of it when I had enough of her just calling me a friend and exposing her with SS - looking back now this was a good move but a really bitchy move which makes me look terrible. That was my first love.
(3/3)
My 2nd love is the one I am with at the moment. I honestly couldn't ask for anything else desu. We haven't had our first proper fight/argument yet and it's a year into the relationship - thus we are perpetually in the honey moon phase. Any disagreements we have are just dealt with just like that. No drama at all. Not to sound all sigma tate pilled but she acts submissive to me and I act masculine for her. I get my arm massaged since I've been going gym and I give her cuddles. We work out, eat and talk to each other every day. HOWEVER, we can go without talking to each other for a whole day which I enjoy because I like being my own person outside of X's boyfriend and vice versa. Our parents love one another. We've spoken about where we would want to live. I want to live in the outdoors but she wants inner city. Since I'm already inner city for university I don't mind staying here a little longer as my work/study and my love is still here. 
Anon hopefully this was good enough for you and I hope you find someone who loves you as much as you love them. have are just dealt with just like that.
In middle school I caught my crush looking at me across the room and we both smiled at each other. I have not felt anything since
