Be me, studying anthropology in one of the most liberal colleges in the US
I heard about Ms. Sarah and that she taught for a brief moment and that she was a campus legend, but I never really cared about it...
One day, the professor tells us about a study where researchers taught sign language to a group of monkeys
Researchers found that the monkeys were able to communicate and express themselves in ways they never thought possible
Female monkey named Sarah becomes particularly good at signing and even starts teaching other monkeys
Impressed, researchers decided to give Sarah her own classroom to teach sign language to a group of human students
Day one of class, Sarah starts teaching her students the basics of sign language
But then, a group of animal rights/feminists storm into the classroom, shouting "Stop exploiting Sarah!" "This is animal cruelty!" 
We can't believe they're making that poor monkey teach us! It's just another example of women being forced into education!
They start throwing bananas at the researchers and calling them misogynists and animal abusers
Sarah tries to calm them by explaining that she loves teaching and interacting with humans, but the campus activists are having none of it...
In the abrupt chaos, one of the monkeys gets loose and starts running around the room, knocking over desks, screeching, and trying to rape one of the activists
The rainbow-haired victim is too fat and shocked to avoid the troubled monkey and just starts screeching right at the monkey's face
Monkey playfully, albeit aggressively, shakes her shoulders and screeches back
Girl goes into full HD HULK MODE
Starts pounding the poor monkey with the wooden sign that tells "WE STOP BUYING, THEY STOP DYING - GO VEGAN!"
Fortunately, the rainbow-haired Peppa Pig activist is heroically escorted out by 7 campus security personnel, and the monkey ends up in ER alive 
Sarah insists on finishing the class, distressed present chancellor agrees out of respect for Ms. Sarah
As the class ends, Sarah signs to the students, "See you tomorrow, sweethearts. And remember, if you can't signal for help, just screech like the rapey monkey."
