I have gone 15 weeks without masturbating, not even so much as a single stroke.
hey well done man, I havent been to this board in ages but its actually kinda nice to see your post in a sea of new neonur9k newfags
Thanks. When was the last time you browsed here?
What's your goal in this endeavor?
I've gone so far 3 weeks without rubbing one out.
I feel like I can go for the entire year.
been since probably October that I've been a regular, this was the place I spent most days for a couple years though
Are you in a state of divinely assisted spiritual transformation or something? I, just like most of the dwellers here, am a coomer and can hardly go 2 days without masturbation. It's fucking impossible.
My goal was reaching 100 days so I can kill myself at some point in the near future while still on this current streak
Yeah. I mean Ive already gone almost 30% of it, but I definitely feel like I could easily go the remainder of 2023 without ever masturbating.
Well Im 30 years old, that probably helps things. I couldnt even go a few days without masturbating right up until my middle 20s.
In a way I'm cheating though I'm taking medication which I guess have an affect on my libido. I don't feel horny for 90% of the week.
which med? Please
Oh. What kind of medication? SSRIs? Yeah they crippled my sexdrive when I started taking them back when I was like 24. I went from jerking off 10 times a day on average to jerking off 2 times a day on average.
How do I get these drugs? Do I need to fake some mental illness? Also, does it affect only your sex drive, or is it like some tranny pill that takes away your test?
Amisulpride to treat my schizophrenia.
Somehow I don't know why but has affected my sexdrive like I said.
What are the side effects? I need a magic nofap pill
lol i see this right after i just finished fapping
Just tell them you are depressed and want to kill yourself. Its just Prozac. And no they also made me sleep 20 hours a day and I lost my appetite.
Any non prescription over the counter ideas? My mom doesn't want me on drugs
I have found that for me it works best to fap right before sleep once I have completed all my tasks for the day.
Combined with physical exercise a few times a week, and preparing most of my breakfast and lunch the evening before.
Otherwise uncontrolled I can fap 3-4 times a day easily. But my productivity crumbles. But going nofap too long leads me to become insane and I cant stop thinking about ass &amp; titties 24/7.
desu it gets easier after a few days. when you brake a habbit and stop defaulting to fapping when bored, it stops being that hard. i did over a month without that much trouble, nothing changed really so i started again, and few weeks ago i stopped watching porn and fapped once or twice. i might fap today just to release the pressure, but honeslty, if youre not watching porn and fapping multiple times a day i dont think ocasional wank is that much of a problem. often no fap community focuses extremaly on this one issue but neglects diet sleep training and work/studies. by all means try nofap, stop watching porn (which imo is worse than just jacking off), see how you react, but dont expect magical changes if youre a neet and a slob.
So when are you kysing?
