Would you date a girl who cuts herself? I know some men say they're okay with scars, but are fresh cuts a turn off?
I think if you're cutting yourself you probably aren't in the right mindset to have a relationship. I wouldn't outright say no, but I'm not sure if that's out of desperation on my end. I'd be extremely concerned about what you were doing, and try my best to stop you any way I could. Ultimately, though, I don't think I or any potential partner could help you with that problem. You need professional help.
Scars I can handle, fresh cuts would make me feel guilty because it'd feel like I'm doing something inadequate if she still feels emotionally tormented to continue doing these things. Not that I expect my dick to instantly save her, but it'd make me feel powerless in my inability to stop deep rooted issues in a partner I love.
Of course I would. I have scars too. Not many, as I switch from cutting to less invasive methods. 
Though in the end it wouldn't work. I would start suggesting "hey, instead of cutting, try this neat trick to get some hypoxia!" and she would be 
"nothing's ever good enough for you. why can't I just cut. why do you have to argue everything"
I'd respond with something like
"I'm not arguing, I just thought you might want to try it. If not that's ok too!
she'd obviously come back with a
"you're such a dickless faggot. stick something and commit. no wonder you're perpetually single haha fuck your ass is dumped" 
So as we can see, I'd date her, but she would leave me. And it's for the best, I'm sure she'd be happier without somebody like me in their life.
No, once you cut, you always cut
I am going to have to pass
Only if see let's me cut her too.
If she stops as a condition of being together, yes.
I don't want to have an argument with her, come back an hour later and see her bleeding arm because i made her relapse. I may be a cunt, but I try to not add misery to the miserable.
Scars are fine but if I was to actually be in a relationship with someone. I would care about them and would want them to stop hurting themselves.
i cut too and i worry about men just fetishising it and making it something perverted and degenerate, when actually im just really really sad and hurting
No, because self-harming indicates a rack of disciprine, and it blings shame to my famiry
i dated a girl one time and she cut herself, and i told her that I can't date someone who does that to herself, and then she did it again a couple months later and I broke up with her.
are fresh cuts a turn off?
Not for me, honestly. I wouldn't mind dating a girl with self harm marks.
I'd need to discuss this with her and understand why she cuts and what needs to happen for her to stop. If it's purely sadness like >>72978413 says, I think I would give it a shot. What concerns me most is the behaviour that might accompany cutting.
depends.. are you still doing it? would you want me to cut you? are you completely insane and unstable, or are you super nice and friendly despite being in inner turmoil?
It sounds stupid but I feel like being in a relationship and being loved would be the only thing that could help me. I've always been independent out of necessity but my (unrealistic) fantasies of a partner who'll "save me" are pretty much my only coping mechanism. It's wouldn't be fair for me to put someone in that position though, I know.
I can understand why you'd feel like that and I wouldn't want to make anyone feel like my cutting was their responsibility in any way
I don't think many people would react that way, especially if they're also self harmers. I get that it's unhealthy to encourage each other desu but it's also somewhat appealing. It would be nice to date someone who's experienced similar things so I can relate to them. I think it's hard for someone without a mental illness to understand and support someone struggling in the same way.
I agree. I really hope things get better for you soon, nona. :)
No I wouldn't. I already dated a girl who had depression and major anxiety. Great sex though.
I don't think I could take knowing that someone I care about is doing something so horrible to themselves and I can't really help them. That sounds kind of egotistical but it's true, it hurts me enough that strangers do it.
Next time you feel like cutting, do some push ups or something. Keep going until your arms give out, and then give one more. Feel proud that you spared yourself and a random anon some pain, and put the knife away.
But how could I save you? I could physically restrain you, I could beg you not to, I could tell you that every mark you make on your body I'll recreate on my own. I'd do all of that and so much more, but would any of it "save" you?
based off this post, we seem very similar anon... i hope things get better for you too
I would date anyone as long as they're a genuine, honest, and good person. Cutting themselves, having baggage, or any other trait that might be seen as off-putting for others is only superficial for me. To reject a person on those grounds would in my opinion be a pretty shallow move. But people are shallow often.
Would you date a girl who cuts herself?
yes, but... she has to be willing to work on improving. 
I am willing to help her and work with her to get better, but if there's no intentions on her part to get better, then I won't get involved. It'd be too hurtful. 
I know some men say they're okay with scars, but are fresh cuts a turn off?
it is a turn off and it'd worry me sick whenever I saw her with them.
My life is a mess, I'm mentally ill, and I've never had anyone who cares about me. My mother is my only family and she despises me, and though I've had a few (literally 3 or 4 maximum) casual friends throughout my life, they've all left me eventually. I just want one person to tell me they love me and mean it, someone who'll hold me when I'm upset, whatever else. I've never had anyone say those words to me before and I feel like hearing them and having the person saying it really mean it would do a lot to help me. I can't manage on my own anymore. I want someone who'll take care of me, I feel weak and useless and I'm aware no one wants a girlfriend who they have to take care of like a kid but I can dream.
Thank you, I appreciate it a lot
only if i could make her stop, even if it requires keeping her chained up in my basement until the drugs and hypnosis and pavlovian conditioning allow me to heal her
I relate to that a lot, I really do. I both desperately want to save and to be saved myself. Unfortunately, I don't think I'm in a position where I can do that for you. I can tell this conversation is making you sad, but whatever you do, don't let this lead you to self-harm. It would break my heart.
seeing the replies gives me a little bit of hope. i have self harm scars and i haven't cut in about 6 months. i'm glad not many are discouraged by seeing a girl's self hard marks.
sure, as long as she lets me cut her
you sound like a caring person anon, i hope you find someone who appreciates that and reciprocates
Please don't listen to anyone who tries to tell you you deserve any less dignity or love than others because of self harm scars.If you can't find anyone else here, then I'd be more than happy to be there as a friend for you. I'm not offering myself as a boyfriend (maybe later if we like each other?) but if you're looking for someone who would listen without any judgement whatsoever and care for you then I would be more than happy. Although the chances of us living anywhere close are slim. I don't mind using social media if you don't.
where are you from?
Do you play vidya?
don't leave me once you get confidence and get some friends
That's really good, proud of you. Keep it up.
Thank you, that's kind of you to say.
Only if she would date a guy who cuts himself.
Thank you. I wish I could do something to help you too, especially since you seem like such a nice person. I really do appreciate you saying that and listening to me.
Australia unfortunately, and yes I do. Mainly single player games though. I get nervous playing with other people.
I get nervous playing with other people.
thats so adorable i wish i could play with a cute nervous fembot who doesn't wanna mess up but i reassure her and comfort her aaargh
why arent you in europe i'd play with you and take care of u immediately
Australia unfortunately
Either of Melbourne or Perth?
i would absolutely love talking to you more!! i don't have mant friends, so having someone to talk to would be wonderful!
nope, she can't raise kids if she gets off on harm
I hope someday we'll each be able to find someone to make us whole. In the meantime, please remember that even a stranger can so deeply feel your pain when you hurt yourself. You don't deserve it, and you can get better. I promise.
I would femanon. I am in fact dating a girl who self harms and while I do try to help so she won't cut herself anymore, every once in a while things get too much for her and she relapses. We are long distance and neither of us can afford to relocate so far (but we are saving money for it! hopefully we can be together without any abusive or neglectful family soon, yay!) at the moment.
I know this may sound fake or uncalled for but despite not knowing you or your situation I would like for you to know that I love you anonette. I might never again talk to you and I might never hug you while you cry or look into your eyes or make you laugh or compliment your outfit or hold your hand or even accompany you for long in this thead but I want you to know and understand that I love you from the bottom of my heart.
For everything you are and for everything you went through. Thank you for existing and fighting so hard.
I love you.
I can see you're excited at the prospect, I am too. Do you have discord?
I don't have any problem with scars or fresh cuts, I have a problem with the mental deficit that makes you do cringe shit like cutting.
i am excited kek! 
yes i do!! ill add you!
I actually have experience with this one. When I was real young I saw my brother fuck up cutting himself and sliced himself so bad the muscle was hanging out n shit, later on as a teen I started going out with a girl and I found out she was a cutter, I immediately lost feelings and stopped talking to her because it just reminded me of that one time as a kid. I hate that shit, I don't understand cutting.
incredibeepster#9860
That's sweet I wish I had someone like that. I also wish I lived in Europe, Australia is an objectively terrible place to live.
Perth. If i wasn't a NEET, I would move elsewhere immediately.
I'll remember you saying that, anon. It means a lot and I truly hope the same for you. Life is unfair and just generally awful a lot of the time, but I hope it gets better for you and that you can find the thing or person that makes things that much easier.
You sound like a really great boyfriend. I hope you and your girlfriend can relocate soon (especially away from awful family, I know the feeling). I'm crying a bit reading that desu but I appreciate it so much. I love you too anon, and wish you the best with your gf. I can't tell you how much it means to hear that.
I'm so grateful for everyone ITT who's said something nice, whether to me or another anon.
Scars are one thing.
I was a hopeless little shit that damaged myself both accidentally and on purpose. 
Scars tell the story, and I want to know the story.
But an ACTIVE cutter? Nope.
Not on my life.
We've all been broken at various times in various ways, but I'm not equipped to deal with someone who thinks harming themselves is going to fix anything or do anything to their foes.
I would love to help someone recover from cutting if they genuinely asked for help, but Dating someone who is damaging the body of the person I care about? That's like asking if you want to date your gfs bully or some dumb shit. OF COURSE NOT.
I'll remember you saying that, anon. It means a lot and I truly hope the same for you. Life is unfair and just generally awful a lot of the time, but I hope it gets better for you and that you can find the thing or person that makes things that much easier.
That put a smile on my face. Good luck.
I would move elsewhere immediately
Is it the people or the city itself? Anyway, if you have Discord and want to talk send it here igi53204@omeie.com.
my gf is was a cutter and has self harm scars all over her body, she also used to beat herself
it is a soul turn off, it makes me so incredibly sad it makes my soul go limp
self harm is an addiction, no matter what people say. if you start cutting yourself, you will want/need to cut deeper and more to feel the same fulfullment as you once did from little scratches. same with burning or any other method. you *will* want more and it's really hard to quit doing it
i had a stroke reading that.
faggot.
Cutting is the one thing I'm so embarrassed and ashamed to admit I did. I don't even know why, I wish I could get rid of my scars at least
Probably, but it might not work out if they can't quit.
I love you anon ): I wish a guy like you was in my life. In my first ever relationship he used to laugh at me over my cuts
there's nothing to be ashamed of, you've been through hard shit, but you got out of it, you defeated whatever demons you had to. be proud you're still alive. i, for one, am ashamed to be alive, but only because i have two failed suicide attempts.
You sound like a really great boyfriend
I don't know about being a great boyfriend but I try to be kind, nice, caring and loving to her. Thanks for the compliment though. I appreciate it and it makes me happy.
I'm crying a bit reading that desu but I appreciate it so much. I love you too anon, and wish you the best with your gf. I can't tell you how much it means to hear that.
Sometimes we need to be reminded that we are worth of love and that there are people who relate and love us. After I wrote that and read it again I teared up a little too because I wish someone had told me that and meant it and I do mean it. I love you anonette. :)
We don't have much in this life and the little we have is so hard to find and difficult to keep. People like us should share and help each other when possible.
Would you date a girl who cuts herself?
Probably not. She would reject my help. She'd do everything to prove me I'm wrong and cannot understand her even if I want her best. Knowing me I'd try to help for months (maybe years) but then be exhausted from being powerless and seeing the one I love suffer.
When I'd get tired of not being heard just a little bit and break up, she'd cut herself deeper and harder and maybe commit suicide because "no one understands" her.
