alone st home
Time to get high and coom
and then probably watch something idk desu
high and coom
I challenge you not to do that.
I want you to fully experience how weak and addicted to it you are.
Don't you find it scary, how you are addicted to external pleasures more than your own self?
Don't you feel like a prisoner in your own body?
I'm drunk and I wish I wasn't. Threw away all my alcohol at least.
im a prisoner of this timeline ayy, its too late sorry both things happened already
n-next week (tomorrow)
Ohayo how have you been?
I'm drunk and I wish I wasn't
I remember that feeling
im not habby with myself for getting high but it feelz comfy at least
 Threw away all my alcohol at least.
hey thats a good step forwards, just do your best to not get anymore to drink
keep urself distracted with something oof
Sipping on some monster energy reserve pineapple
I think if you like this you will also like rani pineapple flavor, its juice
you find that brand around the middle east but found it in shops over here too
Also my kittens were sleeping in a cute duo position earlieer
https://files.catbox.moe/rtynac.jpg
I'm just throwing up over and over and hate the taste of Monster now. Everything is too sweet. Even plain water.
Why are you being lewd?
I still think you should try out rani if you ever get your hands on some!
Also drink lots of black tea now 2recover, get well soon baka
im a prisoner of this timeline ayy, its too late sorry both things happened already
Everyone is.
If you want to die, don't be a pussy and kill yourself.
I know you want to live do it, but alchol and cooming are just making your situation worse.
If you truly love yourself and think you deserve better, get a grip on reality.
I know you deserve better, never forget your worth.
Take care.
parents came back home earlier
was about to smoke a bowl
Puh, still going to shower noa so I have a excuse incase my eyes seem sus to them 0of
just two more bowls left
come one universe let me smoke them in piece then I will try to stop bleh
mom wants us to search in the attic for stuff I could bring to my apartment like glasses n plates
Later! Oh shit I rly need to hurry with the applications soooon ;_;
I will try to remember this soon thanks desu
Take care
Y-you too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEaDuX3uQcE [Embed]
Bjorn is live but inside of the rv
yesterday nights vegas stream was a blunder so I did the right thing2sleep
I could watch him while I take a shower but I need to try to hurry, my parents want to watch a movie together,
if I get to pick its going to be
The Menu
last movie I picked was 
All Quiet on the Western Front
okay im rambling too much and need to hurryup and jump into the shower reeee
my shower took to much time so they started to watch some persian show
another time I guess
the high shower was super comfy
what now bleh
https://www.youtube.com/live/Uemlzd95a0I?feature=share
Bjorn is live and outside since like 40m
stream just ended while I was about to post this and watch it
this IS bullying??? perhaps he will cum back soon????
Calmed down. I can finally drink some water.
"I'm not gay but I exclusively hang out with homosexuals"
What did Aiste mean by this?
The only woman for me hates me. Back to being internet gay.
gratz
drink some tea too desu
hey im bisexual 
and idk he is most likely bi curious
fast forward to 2024
Aiste finds out his "woman" was male all along
happy gay end with Ceb
:>
so you are joining the same club me and dyl*nposter are part of?
I guess so
he should move in with me but he wont
Nothing here was ever gonna work out anyway. Still hurts. Oh well. It is what it is. Goodnight.
Fren I don't think this is very healthy, at least get somepony to do it with you. Also you do know smoking to much Marajuannfrank young gibs people a higher chance of schizophrenia, something you might be familiar with. Perhaps it would be wise to cool it down a little.
Never give up compadre.
I am going to try my best today, I need to work out and keep looking for a place to live.
You better have finished those applications, Ceb. Not very good if you don't...
