it means she found someone else to fuck or i'm just a boring faggot that doesn't give her the tingles, right?
She intitiated everything from chatting me up, to saying she thinks about me 24/7 to texting me first most of the time to sex etc.
And randomly she says she's mentally unwell right now and it wouldn't be fair on me or something. 
We've been talking for about 3 weeks.
This is /r9k/, not /adv/. Do you want advice, or do you want to be mocked mercilessly?
As for my opinion, send her a photo of a dildo up your ass and tell her that you're mentally ill, too.
shes bpd, you stuck your dick in crazy. congratulations, now youre stuck with her or youll end up with slit throat
shes bpd
Yeah, she said that. How am I stuck with her? She texted me saying she doesn't want a relationship. 
Also we never actually had sex because the hotel we were going to go to was booked out.
she has moved on to the next guy. bpd girls come at you quick and move to the next guy quick. It doesn't have anything to do with you its they are addicted to whats new
Actually I can't remember if she said she has bpd. She definitely said she has ADHD. 
She said she had a long term boyfriend for like 5 years, from 12 - 17 I think.
12-17
she was groomed lol
Her boyfriend was a year older or younger than her, I can't remember. She said he wasn't good to her or whatever but I don't think that's relevant
To me it just seems like she is mentally unwell and needs some space. She probably isn't thinking clearly about the relationship. Maybe you should bring that up to her? Perhaps that she's not thinking clearly and it's alright if she has time to herself to sort out her issues? I dunno, I don't ever talk to women.
She planned on using you as a rebound but you weren't what she expected.
it means she found someone else to fuck or i'm just a boring faggot that doesn't give her the tingles, right?
It could be both, actually
Maybe. But we went on 2 dates. And she seemed pretty eager on both, even wanted to have sex on the second one but like I said the hotel was booked out. We continued talking for over a week after that. 
Yeah I told her there's no hard feelings and I hope she figures things out. I don't want to say more than that because it'll make me look like some desperate weirdo and we have mutual friends.
cucked by the hotel industry 
ngmi anon
I was glad desu. I was feeling sad that day and I got drunk so I wouldn't have been able to get an erection.
it means she is flimsy like all women
It's joever originally
If6d6c
It'll be ok anon
8d7e6v
Talk ro hee
Yep, any girl who tells a guy she isn't ready for a relationship is basically in one as in in chad's harem or hooking up with random chads
