Post about your true love ITT.
I'm personally deeply in-love with my cute /r9k/ trans gf. I can't wait to cuddle with her again in a little over a month.
I-Is this thread a-about me? I love you so much... you make me the happiest girl on r9k! I promise I will be there with you forever!
I wish you both a slow demise.
Post more meme remakes of nip woodcuttings pls senpai
I haven't been in love with anyone in like 5 years. I wish I could experience it again, the stages where I actually have a crush on someone and think about them all the time. I legitimately have not met a new woman in RL since I graduated college.
You're my love forever! &lt;3
We'll be happy and healthy always.
Crush on who? Like a friend or like a random girl in class?
I want this retarded birthday card to feel like a yearbook note that makes you scream into your pillow five years in the future. I feel like I only have a few square inches of space to say everything I've been keeping in for years. It would be cruel and irresponsible of me to just dump all of my feelings on you. But you'll be gone soon. Weather you stay in state or not, life will be moving on. I want to believe we're ready to move on. I'm afraid now that maybe you really are. You brought up eternal sunshine of the spotless mind earlier today. Subtle. I feel you. We won't ever be the same bored irresponsible kids with nothing to do during the global pandemic, but maybe some day we could be bored adults?
Yeah, the last chick I had a crush on was a girl I took an Earth Science class in college with. We worked on projects together, texted every day, she even brought me free food sometimes. We never actually ended up dating but I was head over heels for her. That was years ago though, and I haven't felt that kind of emotion since.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA [Embed]
CAN YOU FEEL IT
COMING IN THE AIR TONIGHT?
OH LORD
Thanks to our love r9k is inspired to believe in love again, and love is in the air! I'm so happy that I could have such a positive impact on this board!
Is that a movie quote?
Were you dating or just fwens?
We never went past friendship, even though we flirted every once in a while. Just wasn't really meant to be. Miss those days where I had a girl paying attention to me in any way at all.
I love my cute dog Anya. I'm thinking of taking her to the movies with me later.
How do you desire love again? I am an extremely bitter incel.
Maybe you can talk to online qt's.
Bad angle for his stupid face.
When did you last love?
no. I just had no particular person to reply to. My situation is a little complicated I guess. Be careful what you wish for and don't burn bridges is my advice. Relationships are fucking weird and life is too fucking short to put off talking about the uncomfortable shit we keep inside ourselves. If you wanna be sad follow this quora link because it's been keeping me up at night thinking lately. https://www.quora.com/Why-must-my-girlfriend-of-nearly-a-year-tell-me-fifty-times-a-day-that-she-loves-me/answer/Pati-Baumberger?ch=15&amp;oid=4668015&amp;share=25b4a6c3&amp;srid=hzbkVE&amp;target_type=answer
You're both so fucking obnoxious and you're deliberately trying to be.
Where does one find online QT's? Asking for a friend. (The friend is me)
When did you last love?
Maybe a year ago but I don't know if it was "love". Just got obsessed with some chick to the point of self-harm.
Yeah it is pretty transparent they are just using this positivity thing as a front to make others feel worse. If they were genuinely happy together they wouldnt be tryharding to be some r9k ecouple. Regardless they are both sociopathic and the gf is the bfs bpd bitchslave and the bf has npd. I cant wait till he discards her.
*Her face 
She's the only thing keeping me going.
Bumping since I'm in love too
I love my box cutter. It makes cute scars :3
convince me love exists. it's just brain chemicals. something people do to socially benefit and i can't see otherwise
She's my lovey. Everyone should know.
Dating sites after you looksmaxx/take good pics, maybe on 4chan to at least make fwens but trying to date them is very hard.
Are you BPD or what caused that obsession?
I'm glad you have her.
What does love existing mean?
You're a pretty disgusting person. Something about you just gives me a bad feeling.
My angel Nyeongie. He is the most perfect man who ever lived.
I mean he is a sociopath I literally cut for an entire thread and he prioritized harassing people over just not posting and moving on
I've had zero luck with dating apps my whole life. Most people call me attractive but say I'm too short for them and unmatch me.
You're a pretty disgusting person
How?
How short are you? Sounds like you're on tutorial mode desu.
5'4. People like me when they actually get to know me but on dating apps where the first thing people see is a picture and a listed height, they just swipe left and move on to someone else.
You just give me a bad feeling. You seem empty and cold.
Are you BPD 
No I am not.
what caused that obsession?
Me meeting someone like her had 1 in billion chance. It felt like fate.
Literally same, as in 5'4 and attractive face wise. Fuck my parents and God for that one.
From what do you think that?
Did you date?
Your dating life is still piss easy. Face matters drastically more than height.
You are constantly cruel to people on this board and pretend to be trying to help others when you are just gathering information to use against them. I would speak more of my mind but I would be temporarily banned again as I have been several times because of you.
Did you date? 
No she rejected me.
wait are you just projecting how easy it is for you onto everyone else? haha
Are you still friends with her? You should confess a second time. Did you self-harm because of the rejection?
Why would you lie in such a damn blatant way..????
Are you still friends with her?
No ghosted
Did you self-harm because of the rejection?
No
I may have had a crush on a girl I worked with. 
I'm not too good at explaining it but she was extremely helpful, such as when she suspected that she had a broken finger and still guided my hands when it came to cutting up plastic liners because I'm atrocious with scissors.
She would also come by and help in the warehouse when she had time and I had to do a task. She made something easy for a baking thing based on my diet and she only had nice things to say about me. 
I tried to be as helpful as possible and I did catch her looking at me during a daily meeting.
Looking at my training file or back far enough in certain books is unpleasant because I see her initials and i think of her again, she left the job 6 months ago.
There was one glass bottle still with her signature out until 2 weeks ago when we had to wash it for use in preparing something new.
Manuelitaaaa! Come and give your abuela a kiss!
M-manny? Why are you dressed like a girl...
You two have singlehandedly made me hate trans people as much as I do women. congrats. Absolute filth.
Why do you hate Retard-san? She's trans, OP is just a normal male.
Trans people are literally worse than every single woman out there which is very telling
I have come to the same conclusion. and it is not because I have some moral objection to them being trans, they are genuinely shitty and selfish people.
I hate them both because she enables his behavior and rubs her good fortune in the faces of people who cannot even achieve what they have under a fake mask of trying to give them hope.
Another great fanfic. My gf is not out to her grandparents so she will be boymoding while we are staying with them.
You are so deranged
normal
lmao
Their level of narcissism is also incredibly off the charts
Be careful before you get doxxed. You realize that r9k and Kiwi Farms have a high amount of overlap, right? You should stop posting before some nutter turns you into a lolcow.
? How is it deranged? 
You aren't out to your grandma, right? So she would still call you by your 'deadname', right?
that fake spaniard would never dare refer to trannykuns gf as a male otherwise he would immediately call her out. i hope he makes it clear to her that she had no problem having grandchildren so she is a larping normalfag too
Ahem-
MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE MELANIE 
Thank you for your time
As much as I pathetically yearn for a GF, I don't think I've ever actually fallen in love with somebody. The cloests I've gotten were just a few infatuations with some attractive women I hardly knew. The little I did know told me that they wouldn't have liked me anyway, so I'd just occasionally fantasize about them with completely different personalities.
pixelchix dislikes tranny-kun and retard-san
BASED
when you got together with your bf, did you realize that you were never actually lonely before? like did it sink in that you didnt actually suffer loneliness like men do? or do you still believe you were ever lonely?
they are a normalfag just blatantly narcissistic as this anon pointed out
Yeah or worse. Hopefully worse.
I hate you with every fiber in my body. You make a lot of people here really fucking sad with your display of love. I do not hate couples in fact I'm happy if people find love. But going on r9k where people that are outcast are and showing off is fucking sick. You help people you make them even more miserable and you know it
You don't help*
You're replying to a tranny not a woman
I agree with this they are pretty transparent about their real intentions if you pay much attention. The bf is obviously a narcissist who gets off on harassing people and they have even said he gets the gf to post here. 
I can imagine him saying those same retarded canned lines to the grandmother
actually your grandchild is a cute girl not a boy
She is a qt girl dough. "Bio girl" isn't a real concept. It isn't like scientific at all. It's a misuse of the words. She is trans, though.
the way you talk is so disgusting. You act just like someone else I knew who browses here. At least they were nice at times though you just seem to be a piece of shit.
Thank you. Sadly she's not old enough for anything lewd yet.
Trans women are trans women, that's all Manuel will ever be
Just accept that you are a sexual deviant
Please stop deadnaming Retard san. All she has done is try to post hopefuel for other trubots like her. She was able to find her soul mate on r9k, so she wants to help make sure none of you give up trying. You can find love like she did.
I can see him saying those canned lines too. Although apparently he's your average doormat in person, or "shy" as retard-san puts it. So maybe he'll keep his bitch boy mouth shut. What else can you expect from someone who lives online?
trubots 
they are both normalfags. She found someone to abuse her and obsess over because she is bpd. Look at the bfs responses he is incredibly condescending and insulting whenever he responds to people, they dont care about giving people hope they are just trying to bother those less fortunate.
He sure posts a lot. I see him here constantly. 
shy irl 
many cases. Probably is a bitch irl and takes out his frustrations at random incels online, sociopath like most normalfags.
This. They both brought a robot to cut himself by harassing him for months and continued to do after they found out. They're normalfags who don't really care or even truly understand.
In the name of love, stop it! I met my boyfriend on this board last novemeber. We were both lonely khhv and now we have each other. Our love is pure, wholesome, and beautiful. I am his girlfriend and we are going to be together forever.
I just wanted to inspire people to attain love like me, I found love on this board so I want to give hopefuel to everyone here so you can believe in love too.
If they're in a relationship together neither were ever really robots
I bet they laughed at it/enjoyed it. They seem to enjoy harming others.
lonely
you are trans you cannot be meaningfully lonely. You are as bad as femcels.
I just want to inspire people to attain something they have spent their entire lives looking for and have never found :3
How long did you look for someone. Go ahead and say it.
That's enough Manuel, go back to discord with the other tranny's
I never had anyone for 22 years and I was on hrt for 4 years I was starting to lose hope but my bf found me
Shut up already fatso
but how long DID YOU LOOK FOR SOMEONE
YOU STUPID BITCH. SOMEONE FOUND YOU. YOU JUST WERE FUCKING LAZY. STOP PRETENDING YOUR ISSUES ARE ANYTHING LIKE MINE YOU BRAINLESS FUCKING HOLE
I looked for years obviously and I posted on r9k looking for a bf until i found mine
Riiiight stop lying and go away no one likes scum like you that get a kick out of hurting others. You're not a Robot and no one wants you here
How many years. You are a fucking liar. You are literally trans if you post on lgbt 10 chasers will respond simping for you. FUCK YOU
Retard-san posted for like a month before finding someone
oh so sad. one fucking month when using one of the worst ways to find someone. Not FUCKING YEARS
Theres no proof I've been here since 2018 looking for a bf to fill my life until I found one
Okay, but not consistently. You started making avatarfag threads with bocchi for a month before you started dating Tranny-kun who was a known and open chaser
We were both lonely
no no no no no trannykun bros
what will he do?!
I am just like you I was so alone :3
1 month is all it takes
HAHAHAHA I have been looking for fucking years.
posted on r9k looking for a bf
sluts out to the first guy who gives her attention
wholesome
lollllllllllll
My bf is so amazing I love being with him he has beautiful green eyes that are so loving and he has a cute smile hes so sweet and loving and he smells so stinky I love smelling him hes so affectionate 
You realize bocchi just came out then I was using different anime girls
If you weren't such a negative nelly, you might have had better luck.
Reminder that Tranny-kun is FAT and has Shrek hands
This is such transparent bullshit. This would *maybe* be believable if this was your first thread and you weren't aware yet of the results, but every thread you make erupts into chaos and you still try to act as though you're innocent and well-intentioned? Fuck off. You enjoy upsetting people, you enjoy stirring the pot, and you enjoy laughing with your boyfriend on Discord about each and every time you cause a disruption and get under people's skin.
sees someone getting upset and just continues to rub it in their face even harder with direct stories of physical intimacy
sociopath.
I have talked to over 900 people in the past year and a half and not a single one liked me. Kill yourself.
Wait, are you guys together right now?
Tranny-kun's logic unit has some interesting quirks when you take a look inside.
Anyone
I was lonely before I met my partner
Tranny-kun
you had no difficulty finding love therefore you are nowhere near a robot or an incel, you are a LARPing normalfag
Woman
I feel lonely
Tranny-kun
it is impossible for a woman to experience loneliness unless she is disabled or disfigured
Tranny-kun's girlfriend (who has a penis and testicles)
I am a cute girl who was a lonely robot for a long time before I met my boyfriend
Tranny-kun
You are absolutely a real female robot who experienced loneliness before we met in one of your boyfriend seeking threads
Who invited the pedophile? Go away
Yeah it is obviously on purpose. I wonder what other things I could do and they would still laugh at. Cutting myself did not work.
I have talked to over 900 people in the past year and a half and not a single one liked me
That's a lie but even if it was true, I could understand why nobody enjoys speaking to a melancholy molly.
They are clearly narcissistic, npd people claim to be very logical despite basing their decisions primarily on emotions, from what I have noticed. You forgot.
Anyone:
I have looked a long time and cannot find a partner
Tranny-kun:
you havent looksmaxxed and talked to women you are not really trying
Hes normal weight and I think 6'1 and I'm skinny as well
Well you probably have it harder than me
Not rn but we will be in a month
Cutting myself did not work
Cutting myself did not work
Cutting myself did not work
still cuts self
what did the retard mean by this?
You are at least 40 years old to be typing things like that to me. It is true, regardless of if you believe me.
it is not at all true but if it was it is believable because you are a horrible person
just tell me to kill myself.
NTA but you are evil Tranny-kun, leave him alone
you have it harder than me
YES! THAT IS APPARENT. CAN YOU STOP FUCKING POSTING THAT BECAUSE A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT CANNOT GET WHAT YOU HAVE SEE THIS
Does your grandma know what you guys will be up to under her roof?
when did I still do it? You are retarded. 
I discover thing does not work
I dont do it again
HAHA RETARD
?
You shouldnt be mean to him. He has ot very hard
Just block the trip. We don't want you in these threads, debbie downer. Everyone is here to celebrate two trubots finding love.
HAHAHA YOU ARE FUCKING PSYCHOPATHIC
I wanted a girlfriend badly since I was 10 and I never got one and I'm 36, what do I win?
Where should I post then tho
tell me to kill myself normalfag 
you win the bf telling you you never tried and saying you can easily find one
Wait - you started HRT at age 22? Holy fucking keks.
all this hatred towards tranny-kun
Damn. Remember when he thought it was all one person? LMAO. Anyway, I hate tranny-kun because he essentially killed the cool interests gf manifestation anon's threads. It's a ghost town in there now. Also he's an insufferable normalfaggot with little to no compassion. Glad others noticed this as wall.
/b/ or /soc/.
Go post on lgbt. Then at least most of the people reading it were only lonely by choice like you.
Alternativ nowhere
Are you stupid? I started at 18 idiot
how did he kill their threads? Yeah he went into any of mine and just started harassing me. No empathy.
So did we get an answer to this? Do her grandparents misgender her? Do they respect her pronouns? If not, I really think Tranny Kun is well within his rights to highlight their transphobia and correct them, just like he does with the normalfaggots on this board.
They are both normalfags.
I love you! &lt;3
The manifester anon threads basically had the mio poster talking to him and a few other anons following his stuff with some girl until she rejected him. He literally has nothing going on until day ~200. I highly doubt it was me who killed it. If you replied to me to make the thread about how much you hate me, that's not my fault.
He's obviously trolling.
Whoa! Calm down there, BPD girl! I do like, though, how you have zero emotion over people feeling hurt by your threads, but become disheveled if someone even lightly criticizes you.
Boy, you're really camped out in here huh. Maybe you should get some hobbies besides being a sourfaced susan. Also, if you don't know how the filters work, I can show you. But you need to promise not to shit up qt girl threads in future.
You are a normalfag. You are sociopathic just like them.
that is funny. I could have maimed myself physically as bad as I wanted and they wouldnt have cared but if you say they started hrt during the wrong year they sperg. hahahaha. And these are the type of people trying to convince you they care about others. They just like upsetting people with these threads.
not with you right?
I dont want to get banned again stop replying to me. You are a normalfag.
Is there a way I could post this thread without upsetting you
I'm really sorry, I didn't mean to trigger you with my comment. My understanding is that using HRT after puberty is likely to lead to kekworthy results. I'm sure those four years between 18 and 22 made a significant difference. Once again, please accept my apologies for upsetting you on what might be a sensitive topic.
You stop replying to me first, you're really bringing me down with your pessimism.
People really take some random saying my name is manuel as a fact so they are going to take some random saying that I started hrt at 22 as a fact
Trans rights are human rights desu with you chuds
obviously trolling
What are you talking about? I'm agreeing with you that misgendering someone is disrespectful. Arguably worse than just pretending to be lonely online. Politely reminding people to use the correct pronouns is objectively the right thing to do. Obviously I understand why you won't do that, I'm just saying you would be right if you did.
No because it is the fact your bf harassed me for months and made me cry multiple times just for shits and giggles and now he has a gf with minimal effort and I was and continue to be alone. Fuck you. Stop feigning concern you know these threads upset at least one person (me) and you still post them, because you do not give a fuck.
Wouldn't it help if you filtered her? OP, if nothing else, if you truly do care, I would advise you to post threads using your trip every single time - half the time you post threads anonymously.
actually i see more anons in here saying its wrong for people to call you by your old name. obviously it sucks that they found out and you're always going to get stupid chuds using it to hurt your feelings but most robots are pretty chill and wouldnt call you by your previous name
Don't let all of this distract you from the fact that Retard-san wears diapers and has a scat fetish, which Tranny-kun indulges in
That's on purpose
even if I filtered her the point stands they are rubbing their success in the faces of those that cannot get what they have. she only looked for a fucking month and tries to claim she was actually a robot and lonely while her bf harasses people constantly in threads about not actually being lonely or calling them normalfags. It is hypocritical and disgusting. If the bf would stop fucking harassing people I might ignore these threads but he CONSTANTLY fucking does it.
Yes with me. Why do you ask? I took the cookie pill over a year ago.
harasses people
I only ever see tranny kun being calm, rational and civil in discussions. You, on the other hand, are constantly making threats of violence. Who is the real harasser here? I wonder.
rational and civil
He directly insults people in most threads. 
who is the real harasser here
yes because I definitely started doing this randomly and not because he would not leave me alone in my threads and even did the same thing to me on other boards.
lmao he tries to deny it now by blaming it on mysterious imitators. one time he tried to say his gf never claimed to be a trubot and then crumbled when anon posted a screencap with her trip the dumb faggots
but he is very rational and logical (like everyone with npd)
She's Russian, has red hair, and plays the bass. She's also supposedly nonbinary, asexual, and aromantic, which means that not only is she extremely mentally ill, but I also have no chance with her. I still love her anyways. Such a kind and amazing person, not to mention how insanely gorgeous she is.
They respond to me when I'm just gatekeeping normalfags in random threads and consider this harassment which is why they won't stop.
Her diapers are clean, thank you very much.
he tried to say his gf never claimed to be a trubot
Screencap or it never happened.
BECAUSE YOU ARE HARASSING PEOPLE LIKE YOU HARASSED ME
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO FUCKING DO THAT YOU ARE A NORMALFAG YOURSELF
That's not him that's an imitator
OH I AM FUCKING SURE AN IMITATOR FOLLOWED ME ACROSS MANY THREADS AND EVEN ACROSS BOARDS HARASSING ME TOO HUH
Long story short of it is that the OP from those threads made a gf manifesting thread and people would post in there essentially doing the same and wishing the OP luck on his journey and rooting for him. The guy is pretty young so how can you not wish him the best? The threads were comfy and everyone got along alright for the most part, which is rare for r9k. Newfag tranny-kun finds the thread and dedicates every day to not only harassing the OP from there but most of the other posters there too. Tranny-kun was always looking for arguments or ways to put people down. Naturally, it brought moral down and people slowly left the thread. Now it's a shell of its former self. Sad to see it happen.
Your negativity and constant need to put the OP from there down killed it. You scared everyone away or put them off.
If you replied to me to make the thread about how much you hate me, that's not my fault.
This didn't happen until the "end", once the damage was already done. You came into the threads daily jus to argue with people.
looking for arguments or ways to put people down
Wow! Almost like he did the same fucking thing to me! What a piece of shit! Now he tries to say to just leave him alone!!! HE DOES NOT LIKE WHEN I DO IT TO HIS GF I GUESS
I'm calling out normalfaggots. If that kills a thread then so be it.
What is your goal? Do you just want to reply to me and talk about how much you hate me until I stop posting on /r9k/?
God the irony of you calling someone normalfag is so funny to me thanks for making me laugh
I dont care what happens as a result of my actions as long as I get to attack people
what is your goal
For you to stop harassing people and me. But that seems to be impossible for you. alternatively, for something to happen to you that would get me banned to say, either one works.
Since the beginning I said I wasn't an incel. It is irrelevant to my arguments.
Is it possible for me to call out normalfags without it being harassment in your eyes?
Is that so? That's too bad, I can understand the frustration you must be feeling. I hope you cheer up my man even if our one place for venting is being taken away. Tranny-kun has no compassion for others. He also can't admit to his faults, there's no helping him. He has a big ego and too much self importance. He even went as far as claiming that everyone in the manifestation thread was one person who was schizo and followed him thread to thread to hate on him. Like? How narcissistic can you get? He couldn't comprehend multiple people not liking him. Best way to irritate him is by ignoring him all together.
I'm so obsessed with my bf he is everything to me!!!! I can't wait to be with him in mexico~~~ He is my love and every day I think to myself "what can I do to make him happy?" We are going to be together forever and share so many precious memories with each other! I love him sooooooooo much, he is such a sweet and amazing person. Did I mention that he's such a sweet and thoughtful person? I'm so lucky I have him. He's my angel. My love. MY REASON TO LIVE. I am so happy!!!!! I want to kiss him and hug him and never let go!
You're a bad person. You give off bad vibes.
Right? It's like a fat person calling someone else fat
I mean, I dont think it is possible for you to do so no. You obviously dont care about others and just want an excuse to be cruel and invalidate the experiences of those you know are less fortunate than you. For example you spent months calling me a normalfag and not listening when I tried to explain myself, now you call me severely mentally ill.
your one place for venting being taken 
Yes, further, this is the only place I have human interaction in. And they took it away by constantly harassing me. But they have friends and a gf this whole time. It pisses me off so much. 
cant admit to his faults
yes I am pretty sure he has npd and his gf has bpd. 
ignore him
then he will just keep harassing people.
Why does someone like that get to have a partner and be happy when I dont when I have never done things like that? Even if I was mean to people I dont follow them through threads and harass them except in this one case as retaliation. What makes him so much better than me?
Don't let this post distract you from the fact that Tranny-kun frequently tells Retard-san to make these type of posts.
Post something else like this in this thread and I am cutting myself again. I know you want me to anyways. Keep doing it and I will stream me killing myself eventually.
Based. Give the sociopathic little witch all the hell you can.
I just want people to see what they really are, both of them. They will make the excuse
I dont want to enable bpd :3
but they know they want to see it and are giggling about it.
HOLY FUCK RETARD-SAN STARTED HRT AT 22 YEARS OLD KEK
She's an ungrateful, hypocritical little brat is what she is. We've given her kindness she doesn't deserve. >>72982027 bent over backwards to accommodate her and be sensitive to her feelings, but she never does the same for anyone else because that's being an "enabler." Such a gross person.
girls fall in love with chad
be it white chae
or korean chad
or local black gangsters
or football players
or their favorite musician
or their favorite eceleb
thats who they fall in love with. the literal .01% of men. those are the men who own their heart
literally backstreetboys or whatever stupid boyband, thats who they fall in love with. and they resent the fact that they cant get them, and eventually settle with your pathetic ass. but deep down on the inside they are sad, because they will never get with whatever chad they actually fell in love with
they just lie and pretend to everyone. you cant escape the fact that your future wife is chad's emotional love widow, and hates herself because you are the best she can get
Yeah they both just started directly ignoring me after I did it last time. I really dont care anymore I just want to respond to them with cuts each time they post so people see how little they care about anyone but themselves.
Being an incel has nothing to do with being a robot
Go back newfaggot, I'm home hiding this thread
hrt at 22
It's over
Learn to read dumbass
I did, the post I replied to says that retard-san started hrt at 22. YOU learn to read doodoo head.
She gives cute vibes.
"likely to lead to kekworthy results"
"bent over backwards to accomodate"
Are you autistic? Your concern troll is incredibly obvious lol.
I forgot that normalfags with gf's were """robots""" now.
She didn't, though.
You are just fine with your gf calling herself a robot, you do not attack her when she does it, just others.
She gets my sense of humor, told me today she'll miss me and that we need to hang out more.
Why we're not dating yet is beyond me.
trans gf
so you have a bf then lol women don't have penises
I did a lot in the thread I met her in lol and I talked about it a lot over DMs when we first started talking. She knows my views, and if I was going to "call her out", it'd be not in a thread.
Does she like you? If you want to date then you might have to take the initiative and go for a real romantic date.
She's a cute girl, though.
She's married to the wrong guy.
Your OP says trans. Which is it?
Oh so you wont publicly shame her just everyone else. I guess she rolled over to your tactics to try to get people to be your bitch so you liked that. Do you want me to dm you pictures of me cutting? will that make you stop posting this shit
She gives third worlder ESL vibes
Wrong guy like he's bad for her?
She's trans and is a cute girl.
If you think it's impossible for me to stop gatekeeping normlafags then why do you try to stop me using threats of self-harm?
How? Lol.
They're incompatible. She constantly puts him down over any mistakes, and he lashes out at her for small stuff too. They also rarely compromise on activities and I act as a mediator half the time.
I love them both, but I highly doubt this marriage is going to last.
Grammar/punctuation errors in her posts mostly. Sometimes her sentence structure. Lol.
That's unfortunate for them but it seems awful if you love her and she won't date you any time soon.
She's like little Kaguya.
I mean I dont think it will stop you. I just want you to still do it even knowing it will cause someone to harm themselves to show how much of an evil shitstain you are.
Like I said, I love and care for both of them.
It's not so bad, they're very good friends and treat me with respect. We always have a blast hanging out.
I just worry about them, and especially about her. I'll be here for her when things fall apart.
Thanks for letting me vent.
UwU
do you think she likes me?
i think he might be cute!
I-Is this thread a-about me? 
I love you so much...
You hurting yourself because you see me gatekeeping normalfags is not me causing that. I don't want you to hurt yourself, but you're here to follow me and insult me and my gf endlessly.
She looks nothing like that lol. She's not fat and she looks like and is a cute girl. No glasses also.
If you kill yourself because I bullied you until you did it it has nothing to do with me
damn, you really ARE a normalfag
you are here to follow me and insult me and my gf endlessly
ALMOST LIKE YOU FOLLOWED ME AND INSULTED ME ANYTIME I POSTED? HUH?
Even if you think gatekeeping normalfags is analagous to bullying, it'd be like if a bystander killed themselves due to it, not the victim.
Yeah because I am a bystander and was not the victim of you doing it to me for months. You are just like Uko in regards to thinking you are right.
I'm in love with my bf! Almost at a year!! He is so sweet and wonderful. Hope we grow old together &lt;3
Alrighty. It will be around an hour or two hopefully the thread is still up.
oh I forgot to mention that for everyone coming up with fanfics about my bf and my grandma she only speaks spanish my bf can't talk to her lol
love general
it's just people shitting on OP and OP shitting on people
Lmao
sorry my living situation is a bit weird for the moment so cant do much more like I wanted
trans gf 
Its a nigga wit a dick. Youre gonna cuddle him and play with his dick a bit when you spoon him
4 years older than me
really likes the Yakuza games and Fromsoft stuff
known him my whole life
really kind and gentle, always protected me and cheered me up when I was down
loves spicy food and drinks a ton of ice water
I love my older brother so much
Hey animegirl avatarfag can you post some Kurisus my friend loves her
I'm a guy. I want to find love, but I'm not romantically interested in anyone who's asked me out (around a dozen girls across the past 3-4 years). The one girl I did have feelings for didn't return them.
Cutting buddy. I just made a frowny face :3
Post about your true love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXupa6hEDYk [Embed]
I don't get any, I wish I did. It seems nice, but I probably will never be able to have one. I've never been infatuated with a single person enough to say that I'm in love with them. Kinda hard when socialization is a requirement.
he tried to say his gf never claimed to be a trubot
Screencap or it never happened.
Ok. Here is you blaming a mystery imitator for your bf's claim that you are both trubots.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72614818/#72624786
Here is anon showing your bf's trip making the claim that you are both trubots.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72614818/#72624835
Here is you moving the goalposts after being btfo.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72614818/#72624990
Here is your gf doubling down on the claim while on her trip
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72614818/#72624870
Hope this helps.
I just said that the imitator was the one who said it in that thread. I didn't say she never said it. I also didn't move the goalposts by any regular definition.
People are obsessed.
She's a cute girl, though.
Sounds like you're on tutorial mode and don't want to lift a finger to try.
Do I have to do it again to get you to stop? If I hurt someone else instead will you consider stopping?
From my perspective you're an extremely mentally ill person (you agree with this) who is holding themselves and potentially other people hostage over me gatekeeping normalfags. I don't think gatekeeping normalfags is bad at all, and if you don't like seeing it, you can incredibly easily hide my posts. I said I was wrong about you and am not insulting you ITT when you're berating me and my gf.
If you dont like seeing me cut myself as a result you can ignite my posts then. I wish I was more charismatic I would actually just directly abuse someone in response to you posting but sadly I have no one (ironic since I am a normalfag according to you when I have no friends or partner even online ones). typical npd response
 I didnt do that 
and if I did it wasnt that bad
and if it was thats not a big deal 
 and if it is thats not my fault
I was rejected by my crush yesterday, but I'm already used to rejection by now. Despite having an ex bf and claiming before numerous times to want a bf, she instead claimed that she likes women more and wants a gf and how it's rare to find the right bf because of her "weird tastes" in guys.
Like her I'm a late 20s shut-in stuck living with my family (who I don't have the greatest relationships with) and no car, but at least I have a stable job (approaching six digits) and have a 20% house down payment on standby. Meanwhile, she wants to become a Twitch Partner but doesn't put in the effort to consistently stream, produce videos, etc. to make streaming/content creation a full-time job (or even a part-time job for that matter). I hope she finds some guy that sympathizes/empathizes with her that she agrees to date because I have high doubts that a female partner is willing to lower her standards for what are basically the stereotypical red flags for guys.
I thought this would be a cute thread :(
you were one letter off 
more anons should do that in response to their threads
Post about your true love ITT.
i don't want to love and I don't want to be loved. I just want to be left alone
girl had a crush on me
played along for a few weeks because I didn't have anything better to do and then I got bored of her
few years later 
another girl confesses
humiliated her because I thought it would be funny
end of last year
friend tries to hook me up with some chick at a party
i really didn't want to, so i chatted up a minor to teach him not to force me into getting a gf
some people are assholes and are aware of that fact, but simply can't help it, so we try to stay away from people. Why is that so hard to accept for normies?
You chastised me for bragging about having found a gf on an incel board, yet the moment you do the same, you spam bragging, attention whoring threads like daily, using the fact (s)he is trans for additional (You)s.
What level of hypocrisy is this even, gatekeeper-kun? Youve become what you hated. An attention whoring normie bragging daily on r9k.
They have no real principles those are just excuses to justify harming others to themselves. They are also both normalfags but they spend their time here harassing people sometimes for up to 6+ hours a day.
your male boyfriend doesn't actually love you, its just the hormone therapy messing with his head
If you make almost six figures, then you could easily have your own place, your own car, etc. I hope you find the right girl, but I don't think it's healthy to be resentful towards her, which it seems like that's what you're doing. She does seem quite dumb from what you've written, though.
You could make it cuter by posting about your lovey.
You are a normalfag. You can help being an asshole, also.
I don't think I really cared very much about posting about le gf on /r9k/, especially in threads where it's so easy to hide the whole of them with shift + right-click if you have an IQ over 85. I just mostly care about calling out LARPing normalfaggots, and I've never done that as far as I'm aware.
She's been on HRT for 4-5 years.
Look at how insulting you are
dumb
asshole
IQ over 85
I am not hostile
Why are you so disingenuous? What kind of person would I have to hurt to make you rethink this behavior?
You are a normalfag.
god i wish
You can help being an asshole, also.
not really, I've tried. Whenever I'm forcing myself to be nice, there eventually comes a point where i can't keep up the act anymore and tell most of my friends to go to hell
You are a normalfag if a girl has ever liked you.
why does someone love you and not me
a girl liked me before. does that make me a normalfag. You said I was not one.
There's an exception if you're extremely mentally ill, but that's very rare, even on 4chan.
How can I prove I am mentally ill. If I hurt animals will you care? You dont seem to care if I hurt myself.
I know you're mentally ill enough to not be a normalfag.
Sounds like you're on tutorial mode and don't want to lift a finger to try.
What do you mean? Also do I count as a normalfag?
What group of creatures do you care the most about? I really dont want to hurt animals they are the only things in my life that were ever kind to me but I will do so if it helps increase the chances of you reflecting on your actions.
I haven't met a girl worth crushing over in years...
Getting old just sucks: all the women in your age range are bitter old whores who think they are worth their weight in gold, and you feel like a pervert everytime you interact with a 19yo and actually remember what innocence and positivity feels like.
If there's any kids reading this shit: fix your life now, you don't know how hopeless life get's after 25. Don't screw your youth, it's where you are supposed to start building your life (everything taste like ash if you miss that vital stage).
If you're the guy I replied to there then of course you're a normalfag. I'm saying you could pitifully easily get a gf but you don't want to try.
answer me. What would you actually care if I hurt? nothing?
nope he isn't the guy, that's me.
also didn't you read my post? I don't want a gf, i want to be left alone and for other people to not try to get me into a relationship
If I am as cruel as you will I get a gf and someone will finally love me?
Yeah, his vapid braindead ESL girlfriend only likes him because he's so Dark Triad.
Do you have any advice how I could become like that? Do I just have to try my best to hurt people and never admit I am wrong?
When I see normalfag brag posts I usually barely read them.
She's smart and I'm pretty sure is EFL.
Please tell me how I can be so sure of myself like you are and eager to harm others, maybe then I can find my ideal person.
NTA but have you tried finding a bf on r9gay
not the guy you responded to, but have always been an asshole, so here's how i act,when I'm not putting up a facade:
only interact with other people if you are bored and completely ignore them when you're not.
if any of your friends has a gf that noone likes, be the one to say that to her face when your friends are around. By being the asshole,who says what everyone is thinking, people will let you get away with being the asshole just for the sake of it.
if you're at a party and can't leave for some reason, just get wasted and make it everyone else's problem.
ffs. I'm not bragging
I. WANT. MY. NORMIE. FRIENDS. TO. NOT. FORCE. ME. TO. GET. A. RELATIONSHIP.
i get it, it's the opposite of the problem people here usually have. Doesn't mean i enjoy it. If we could switch roles, trust me, I'd do it in a heartbeat
I have not, I want someone with no online friends just like me. Nobody really shows interest in me except to attack me (like the bf of this thread did for months). 
I dont interact with anyone irl so that part does not really apply and I cannot tell what others are thinking. I am always bored so I suppose I can do that.
If we could switch roles, trust me, I'd do it in a heartbeat
I'm sure you'd love suicidal loneliness over whatever minuscule issues you have right now.
if i harm myself of others its your fault!
why are you blaming other people???
lol negative nelly still at it
well well well if it isnt the narcissistic retard and his transvestite bpdemon slave. I've been called a narcissist a few times before but clearly you have bested me in that regard, I cant even win when it comes to stuff like this how fitting for a loser like me
YES. Because I'm a natural asshole and hurt everyone close to me. If I'd be lonely, I'd only hurt myself.
You are not suicidally lonely nor have you ever been truly isolated, I imagine you have always had at least online friends.
that first line made me laugh. Yeah I am glad others see that in these two as well.
My gf isn't BPD lol, and transvestite means crossdresser normally, not trans girl. Also I'm not really a narcissist at all. I don't think a narcissist would be okay being hated so much with basically no positive reinforcement.
You'd rather be suicidally lonely than just have to not be an asshole? Do you honestly think that?
Forgot pic whoops lol
Do you honestly think that?
yes,because I tried and I cant stop being an asshole for some fucked up reason
please help me why do you ignore me why can you be loved and I cannot should I kill my self I cannot keep being so alone
Shit, how is your boyfriend going to know when your abuela misgenders you??? You will need to teach him
Facilmente tenias nietos. No eres un robot
And also
Sin embargo, ella es una chica linda
I cannot keep being so alone
go to the gym. workout a bit. ask some rando to be your spotter or ask for his training routine.
Now you're talking to someone, practice smalltalk.
the gym is unironically the only place to meet random people if you wasted your youth
Now get the fuck off of 4chan. this site is not helping you
Stop replying to that guy and focus on meeting loners here or on /lgbt/.
Also I'm not really a narcissist at all. I don't think a narcissist would be okay being hated so much with basically no positive reinforcement.
so you recognize there's a possiblity of you being one atleast, that's good. You dont need positive reinforcement as long as you get any kind of attention it will satisfy ur narcissistic urges. You enjoy seeing other anons jealous, and I mean it's fine I'd enjoy it too, but dont be a hypocrite about it atleast.
Welp you made me laugh. Prob would of not 3 times to this thread if you post early tho :\
I dont want to be muscular I already tried that I want to look androgynous.
I have tried and the bf in this thread harassed me and people lie to me about not having friends. I have tried to interact with over 900 people in the last year and none of them have liked me.
I want to look androgynous.
to squats to get a bigger ass and thighs.
I don't think a narcissist would be okay being hated so much with basically no positive reinforcement.
Antagonistic Narcissism
Antagonistic narcissism is defined by a sense of competitiveness, arrogance, and rivalry. While all people with narcissistic traits can be overly concerned with how they appear to others, antagonistic narcissists are particularly concerned with coming out "on top."
Someone with antagonistic narcissism may try to exploit others to get ahead. They may put others down or start arguments in an attempt to gain the upper hand or appear dominant.
threatens to harm himself and others at the slightest provocation
why dont people like interacting with me???
hmmmmmmmm have you tried being polite and civil like tranny kun? have you tried being easygoing and friendly like retard san? maybe you would enjoy these threads more if you actually tried to LEARN from the example they set and the lessons they have to teach us
Retard-san is a cunt. She is not friendly.
appear dominant
This nigga literally sucking off another man in diapers and calling him a cute girl. I don't think he's trying to appear dominant.
wow this is kind of concerning is this real
Wow dropping the C bomb. No wonder 900 people found you less than charming. Well, at least retard san can be happy you used a correctly gendered insult, I guess. Hopefully that is the beginning of your journey to be less transphobic.
They are both sociopathic. Also I only am hostile because the bf spent months harassing me. I generally am kind. I am just very very emotional.
I am literally on hrt and the person you are replying to isnt me. Not that it matters you are just blindly attacking me
You come off much more dangerous than them ITT desu
I'm not that anon. It seems doubtful that any one person could be disliked by 900 out of 900 people, but that doesn't magically make Tranny-kun and Retard-san good people - you have to be a somewhat poor judge of character if you think they're people worth respecting.
person pushed to mental breakdown is not nice
wow. 
I am very unlikable and not interesting
Why not just stop talking to them?
She'll be my translator, don't worry.
Narcissists desire admiration in some way. They're not just attention whores.
Also it's not about making people envious. I made this thread since my gf wanted me to make a cute thread. If I wanted to make people envious I'd go to a thread where people are talking about 
tfwnogf and would talk about it there.
https://medium.com/brochanon/antagonistic-narcissism-the-dark-side-of-overt-narcissism-bfc090930789
That's a type of overt narcissism which still requires a need for admiration and also extremely unhealthy relationship dyanmics which I know don't exist.
Why do you think either of us are bad?
If I wanted to make people envious I'd go to a thread where people are talking about
tfwnogf and would talk about it there.
isnt that what this whole board is all about though? rubbing in the fact that you have a transvestite gf seems a little like bragging to me wouldnt you say so?
I respect the work Tranny Kun does on behalf of all robots. Even though he never claims to be one of us, he defends our identity tirelessly against normalfag invaders. Even though none of us thank him for his efforts, he will stand alone against dozens of larping normies, defeating their arguments one by one. It's sad that so many incels here are so blinded by their misogyny and jealousy that they would rather insult and deadname a girl trying to bring positivity on the board than thank her boyfriend for protecting our community.
Technically she is a transvestite because she is a boymoding girl.
isnt that what this whole board is all about though?
No. This board is like 95+% normalfags. If you don't like normalfag threads, they're very easy to filter/hide and then you'll only have a few spam threads left over.
Lol.
No. This board is like 95+% normalfags
what about the minority? think about the 5%, arent you their sworn protectors? Why are you bragging to them and bringing them pain and emotional turmoil? That's not very heroic, nor is it moral
So fucking excited for the Mexico chapter. Trannykuns dad nearly having a heart attack when he realized his son was a faggot is going to be nothing compared to a catholic grandma's reaction. I wish it was televised man.
That's sadly not how it works. Tho there are reasons why he would go for a trans girl.
Yup. 
That's a type of overt narcissism which still requires a need for admiration and also extremely unhealthy relationship dyanmics which I know don't exist.
The main thing is unreasonably high sense of their own importance. The nit picking of words will prob not change most people minds tho you will prob think for your gf on this one. Research mental illness is not like coding. People are different. If think your not you can always get test.
sus poster
If this thread brings you significant pain/emotional turmoil, then 4chan probably isn't for you. You can incredibly easily hide it if you want to and filter ones like it. Normalfags incessantly insisting they're incels/robots is something that needs to be fought directly and are a poison to threads, while just normalfag threads can be easily hidden. Also defending incels/robots from braindead normalfag arguments needs to be done directly.
Humble reminder that my brother picked her up from the airport with me, and I told them all she was trans lol.
Are you >>72992634? I don't want to talk to you if so.
there was something in another thread about how they were just going to act like two friends hanging out so maybe the grandparents will just think theyre vidya friends ?
Retard-san's grandmother is 95. The shock might kill her.
Awe you don't like cuts :3
not him but wdym
please stop ignoring me why will you not help me
Take your meds and fuck off. This is a love thread, not a crybaby faggot thread.
If this thread brings you significant pain/emotional turmoil, then 4chan probably isn't for you
now you're putting words in my mouth, I didnt call it significant, but you acknowledge they can feel a little bad about themselves right?
You can incredibly easily hide it if you want to and filter ones like it
that's not the point that i'm trying to make here, what i'm asking is what is your endgame with this incessant bragging, not once did you deny that these threads were bragging, so tell us, my dear tranny-kun, what do you get from bragging except a small relief to your narcissistic urges
Ignoring/hiding my posts/threads would help you. If you wanted to be friends with me maybe we could talk about your experiences with therapy in some level of detail and how maybe you could go back and get some help from better therapists. I'm not a psychologist and your mental illness seems to be the problem here from what you've said.
you acknowledge they can feel a little bad about themselves right?
People feeling somewhat bad about themselves is the nature of 4chan where people are extremely harsh. If you can't stand that little bit of bad, then learn to use filters.
i'm asking is what is your endgame with this incessant bragging
I make them when my gf asks me to or when I think making one will make her happy.
I make them when my gf asks me to or when I think making one will make her happy.
what a twist, could she be the narcissistic one, pulling the strings from the shadows, making you dance and take all the hate in her place? just for her own entertainment, what a monster.
I cannot afford therapy other than the free therapy I was allowed through the service I used. They also have never experienced what I have at a young age that caused me to develop this way.
Just making a joke to my old simp :3. Doesn't seem to want to talk but i guess that mutual after all he doesn't have empathy and thought maybe i could push him to the therapy he needs
Gone forever, gone not never, see her forever, not never ever.
I think she wants to feel loved and appreciated. I like her cute threads too.
Therapists often don't have the same experiences or trauma as their patients but they're trained to manage it and help treat the issues anyhow. Is it not possible to get the free therapy again?
Why not just stop talking to them?
cause they won't let me ghost them
whenever i try, they'll just visit me at home.
i just want them to leave me alone,before i hurt them even more
they are trained to treat the issues
I dont think they are trained to treat mine. 99% of it was just me freeform talking and even when I pushed for actionable steps to take they barely offered anything. Further, they told me my goal for life was harmful and they hoped I did not achieve it. Also they asked me multiple times
why are you here?
You should probably talk to them about helping you keep yourself in check to not be an asshole. It depends on how your assholeishness comes out, really, and it can probably be changed. Being suicidally lonely is undoubtedly worse than that.
they told me my goal for life was harmful and they hoped I did not achieve it
What did you say your goal in life was?
they asked me multiple times
why are you here?
What did you tell them? What did you say before they asked that or was it just random seemingly? Both of these things seem like bad practices, but not all therapists will act this way.
I told them my life goal was to be turned into what someone wanted or turn someone into what I wanted.
what did you tell them
I do not recall.
I still think seeing new therapists could be helpful, especially if they know you BPD and they're focusing on treating that.
I have random ideas on how you could gather new options, e.g. posting your pics and talking about how you want a bf who's also completely lonely and has no friends (even online) like you. But I don't think they're particularly great ideas. Just trying more to see if you can find someone who likes/loves you is what you have to do if you want to find love.
have bpd
I am not diagnosed with bpd I have been told I am just faking. I am too ugly to post pictures and when I would try to post looking for people with no friends you would harass me and others would harass me also nobody has no friends and wants to interact with me. Everyone who says they dont have anyone to interact with later admits they were lying.
I have been told I am just faking
I'm obviously not 100% sure if you're BPD, but you could get screened for it to get a diagnosis if it's there. It could be some other mental issue or a set of mental issues, which would be good to know too.
There are self-help books for BPD and a lot of /lgbt/ anons deal with it, too, so if you think you have it, then there are non-therapy potential things to do and you could ask other boards for general/specific advice.
you would harass me
If I knew it was you, I wouldn't respond to you like that anymore. Also, even if your face is ugly (I don't actually know if it is), posting pics of your skinny estrogenized body is appealing to certain people and will lure them in.
If you think there are no people with no friends (even online), or they're just super rare, then can you accept them just having online friends?
I cannot afford that screening.
self help bpd things
I have trouble being consistent with anything because of my emotional episodes.
skinny
I am not skinny, I have horrible teeth, and I am balding. I am horrifically ugly.
accept them having online friends
no because they will always prioritize them and the relationship will be incredibly one sided. Also I have intense jealousy issues. Also I want to be understood and someone that can readily make online friends would not understand.
I am so happy to see a thread about love. I do not often get the chance to preach about the highest form of love one can experience. 
Since I devoted my life to the worship of our Queen, Saint Iris, I have been filled with a love beyond compare. My autism has been entirely cleansed in her Holy Light. 
I urge all of you to join me in offering her the praise that is rightfully hers as reigning Queen of r9k.
I have trouble being consistent with anything
What do you mean?
Also how do you get money for HRT? Are you able to do any kind of work?
Are you not able to become skinny with effort? Anything wrong with your face doesn't need to be a huge deal if you work on having a decent body, or a body that's decent enough to guys with that taste.
the relationship will be incredibly one sided
How do you know they'll not prioritize you? People can understand you without being in your current predicament, also.
You are just going to tell me things are easy again now I assume.
how do you know they will not prioritize you
experience and I refuse to compete with others because I know I will lose.
people can understand you without being in your current predicament
not by my definition of understanding. I need them to have felt it themselves not just claim to know what it feels like.
holy fuck there were a lot of keks in this thread
finding out the tranny san one didnt start hrt til waaaaaaay after puberty is pretty great news
Either you have to find completely friendless anons, perhaps you could make threads/a general talking about your friendless life and other anons can do the same, on here and /lgbt/. Or you can just be the number one priority for some anons with 1-a few online friends, which I think should be possible if they actually want someone to love and care for them.
People could be friendless in the past like during their schooling without being friendless now, also.
I have tried that and you harassed me in them, if I recall. Also lgbt is full of people pretending to be friendless. 
number one priority
I am not and have never been anyones priority, I refuse to associate with those with friends for that reason. 
friendless in the past 
they lie about things like that constantly.
If you make them here I won't reply to you in that way.
If you can't find anyone who's friendless, then I think it makes sense that you'd try with those who were friendless in the past and that you become their priority after you gain interest in each other. And you have to find one who's not lying about it.
Wow thanks it only took months and multiple threads of me cutting myself.
friendless in the past 
When I say I was isolated I mean completely locked in an enclosed area for months at a time alone. Normalfags call being friendless just not liking or connecting with their friends. I have never connected with anyone in a meaningful way. 
gain interest in each other
Nobody has been interested in me out of 900 people.
find one who is not lying about it
They dont just say they are lying about it. And further, if they have friends now they are too distinct from me for me to meaningfully connect to them. Even them wanting friends is indicative of normalized social values and a level of socialization that alienates me from them considerably.
Well if you absolutely need them to be completely friendless, then you need to seek them out particularly since those people are hard to find.
you need to seek them out
gee, almost like I have tried that. They do not seem to fucking exist.
Well you have to keep trying unless you want to give up and be loveless for life.
Such helpful advice. Is that really all your 900 IQ brain can muster
You don't have to keep trying if you don't want to, but obviously getting a partner can be hard and can requires many, many attempts. No magic words can solve that.
Oh. For me it is very difficult and requires a lot of attempts. For you it is easy. Okay, tell me how to hurt people instead.
I don't think darktriadmaxxing would help you. Some people are luckier than others in circumstances and genes than others.
trans gf
her
You're cuddling with a mentally ill man who can't cut it being a man so he lops off his cock and says he's a chick.
Shut the fuck up, no one cares
It cannot make it worse. Look it works for you you just attack people all day and you have someone that loves you.
luckier genes
HAHAHAHA
I can't wait to cuddle with her again in a little over a month.
self love exists idk sounds like a skill issue to me desu just get good lul
Well I'll give tranny kun the benefit of the doubt here and admit that he is trying to be helpful to this specific anon, but it took him going through hell and back to demonstrate how hurtful tranny kun was being thusly becoming an identifiable poster
Tranny kun you're a slimy snake, you shouldn't reply to any posters in a manner that hurts them, r9k is a sad place and your lack of empathy for others makes you a net drain on this website (if you even care about that at all)
She's a cute girl and most trans girls take a while to get SRS if they desire it even, and many can't afford it or it's too difficult to get (i.e. they might have to travel to find a reputable surgeon to do it).
I got lucky in a lot of ways for the circumstances and genetically. I don't see the joke.
I often try to give advice when people seem to lack knowledge in an are or they ask for help. Do you think I shouldn't gatekeep normalfags or what do you mean exactly?
So you told me it was easy for months and harassed me about how I was just lazy now you say you are just genetically superior to me.
I was wrong about you, but what I'm saying to others really relate to my own life.
doesn't really relate*
Say you are genetically superior to me again. How badly do I have to hurt others to be loved
Satan quads, but anyway
You make assumptions too quickly on anons, the fact that you've done what you do in so many threads demonstrates this well. You never know what an anon's situation truly is and taking an antagonistic approach doesn't help hardly any of them. Normal people will come and go, the truly downtrodden stay. There's no need to police that
taking an antagonistic approach doesn't help hardly any of them
Do you really think I care about being antagnostic on 4chan? Especially when they're LARPing normalfags.
the truly downtrodden stay
Absolutely not. This board is like 95+% normalfags.
There's no need to police that
Come up with some solid reasons why gatekeeping normalfags is bad, and I might agree.
You dont care about hurting me that is apparent, I guess you are genetically superior to me because you are white
Do you really think I care about being antagnostic on 4chan?
Yes, because you suddenly did care when some guy started following you around threatening to slit his wrists.
correction he still did not care
I hope the guy I just blocked posts about me here pls
I don't want you to hurt, and luck on genes is just about what differentiates robots from normalfags in general, i.e. looks, predispositions towards mental illness, etc. 
I don't really care about being antagonistic to almost all 4chan posters. If someone is extremely vulnerable, though, and I realize this, I will try to stop with them.
Lol what
It is because you are white you can just be honest about it
I didn't/don't know your race. I'm not a racist. I was an infamous avatarfag on /qa/ for being too progressive and having countless arguments there defending tranners and whatnot.
I am white too I just wanted to make you uncomfortable. ha-ha.
crushing after this cute trans girl who works at the Dutch Bros by my house
we follow each other on Instagram and have liked each other's stories a couple times, I'm just horribly scared of making a move and on top of that I've never been with a trans girl
we follow each other on Instagram and have liked each other's stories a couple times
How romantic.
Okay, but you see why it's pointless to throw hands at everybody and then find out they're extremely mentally ill / you were wrong about them later?
You're implying I'm always wrong when I'm actually extremely rarely wrong about labeling them normalfags. Apart from misreading/misunderstooding a post's words, I think I've only been wrong a few times total.
they have npd they wont admit they are wrong unless extreme methods are used and usely not even then 
since you harassed me for months can you attempt to give me some non reddit tier advice please
You don't know that because we're all anonymous, and it still doesn't justify showing zero empathy for other people .Tsk tsk
hey chill that's a lot for me
I don't have experience with BPD. Talk to people with it and ask them. I'm not a god, but I saw in your thread there's a guy who fits your ideal which is far more than most could ever ask for right off the bat.
Being sociopathic is when you call people normalfags now?
oh it must be easy for me huh
It's actually narcissistic
By what definition of narcissism is calling normalfags out narcissistic?
True love doesn't exist. It's a cope.
This
