I'm gonna stop pretending to find her ugly.
her ass is ugly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jp13i76RU3o [Embed]
Hey eyebrows and tats are ugly. But otherwise she's cute.
isn't this the rotten butthole girl
Needs bigger tits.
Yep. Can't believe men pay to nut to that.
She doesnt wash her butt hole properly. Its gross and cause of that, I see her as gross
Is it really a dirty butthole or is it just a normal butthole that isn't bleached but because coomers only understand female anatomy from the perspective of the porn world they don't actually know what normal assholes are supposed to look like
Her booty hole is too brown, it doesnt look right
is somebody going to post her asshole or not
So in other words its a normal non-bleached asshole but this is /r9k/ so nobody knows what a normal one is supposed to look like
Pretty much. She's also super pale so the contrast between her asshole and skin is more vibrant that others. She has a cute pink pussy and it looks cute against her pale skin.
makes sense 
2340j9340
where can i find this? asking for a friend, of course.
Can we have a cute goth without the fucking tattoos?
You will need to tell your friend that I don't have them and only have seen what gets posted around here. Maybe tell your friend to search for her onlyfans leaks.
i don't even know her name to search for such leaks or previous threads tho.
Tell your friend her name is Arissa and her handle is sug4rf4iry or something like that.
Originally no. And your question is fucking dumb.
doing the lords work. thanks brobot.
Arisa, my love, I don't know if you'll see this, but if you do, please get back to me. I need to lick your asshole. I can't live without it the way a diabetic can't live without insulin. 
I am willing to compensate you with $5k from my savings. I will also pay to travel to you and pay for a hotel room where the deed can take place. PLEASE. I NEED IT.
Type 1 diabetic, or Type 2?
She's a 10/10 goth gf
They're either closet gay or have unrealistic beauty standards.
I'm pretty sure if this girl'd replace the goth style with something more vanilla she's look like your dream trad girl.
she's one of those women who are much prettier with clothes on
pic rel is a better example
They say she's ugly to be contrarian and to express their frustration at how easily some people can have it simply by being born beautiful
i follow her on twitter. her toe is probably getting amputated. idk why, but something about an ingrown toe nail
I know what my own asshole looks like, and its not brown like some. Now im not saying its because of shit or anything and i completely understand that some people just have dark assholes, but some people just naturally have pale regular looking assholes.
Tattoos, self-harm scars, or both.
That's the only way they roll out of the factory these days
Usually the ones with no tattoos have more extensive scarring.
See: starcaster, emostonergirl.
arisa vurr, also known as sug4rfairy
I honestly don't see what's wrong here
Why doesn't she just wipe?
She's got that "milk and cheese left in a hot car" kinda look to her, you know what I mean?
She's got that "hit the wall a long time ago" kinda look to her.
Goth women in general dont smell good
Thats called hyperpigmentation
Either internet bullied her into bleaching her shitter or is using photoshop
obligatory non photoshopped version
uglissa btfo
bots never seen a normal buthole that wasn't bleached like the porn actresses lol
She's so beautiful my god
She looks so strange, i love her.
This is unironicaly photoshopped to make her look less curvy lmao.
cope seethe etc
you are a delusional simpfaggot
yeah, that's how it goes here; ugly pussies mean they fucked a lot of dicks, brown assholes mean they are shitty. even i, as a virgin understand that these statements are peak retardation.
I've only seen a tranny with an ass like that I thought it was a disease so I told him to fuck off and she called me "lame, small dick".
I guess she's objectively attractive, but does as much for me sexually as a guy does.
But if she was a dark-skinned Asian I'd probably find her attractive all the rest included.
How to spot an tiny dick weeb.
Sure, if 7.5 inches is tiny
It's unreal how easily you can find women who mog her to oblivion
and no current pics of her?
looks like a used up woman in early 50s now
