I may be back this generation or maybe in a billion years. Just wait for me bros hahaha lulz
The greatest troll ever told
The earth is only 6000 years old. The world will end in 10-50 years.
He gave pretty clear prophecy and signs to look out for. 
such clear prophecy! yet every generation thinks it's the last one
no they don't, not sure where people get this idea.
Doomsday preachers were nearly nonexistent until the 1900s. Christians weren't preaching that we're in the end times until the 20th century due to the world wars, and even that didn't really take off until Vietnam.
No clue where people get this idea that Christians have been saying it's the end times in every generation, there's no proof of that.
Havent you forgot, the kingdom of God is inside you
Christians weren't preaching that we're in the end times until the 20th century due to the world wars
You should learn about history beyond what they teach you at school before making such affirmations. Here, have a little summary as an entry point on doomsday preaching https://www.britannica.com/topic/millennialism
Every generation is definitely an overstatement, but there plenty of proof of people believing that the end times were coming.
By way of which orifice, Anon?
Also revelations mentions "the temple" (rev 11-1) the construction of the third temple will probably be within our lifetimes
since world war 2 people have been claiming such at least ("the jews coming to israel is a fulfilment of the promise!!1!") if we play our cards right we could last another thousand years before the end i reckon.
How did he deceive so many, bros?
A) Revelation wasn't written or even said by Rabbi Yeshua
B) John of Patmos wrote it while secluded on a Greek island having "divine visions" in 93 AD
C) Revelation is CRAZY SHIT even by biblical standards. The only way you could take it seriously is if you believe John the elder is another prophet who speaks directly to Yahweh. In which case, why is he not revered on the same level as Christ or Moses? Or at least a saint?
but the return is mentioned in a lot of other NT books besides Revelation
