Is it some african or middle eastern country? I've heard Japan has a lot of female virgins too? I'm not religious so going for religious girls might be a problem. I don't care about race or anything like that, I just want a virgin between 18 and 30 who's not fat or deformed, who will love me and have kids with me. I'm 21, white, 6' tall, okay job and I do get female attention sometimes without even trying to flirt but it's always from super promiscous women I want nothing to do with.
Here are the inferior options in this manga.
Honestly can't believe a person actually thought anyone would pick someone other then Chief.
Any of the muslim strongholds, but you have to be a real muslim or her family will behead you on the spot. There's two I think very religious countries in SEA, one is christian and the other muslim. Probably your best shot is one of those. You need to be wealthy, white, and in shape though.
I don't want to get my dick chopped up though.
I'd probably still go with colleague
You can't marry a Muslim girl when you are not a Muslim, and her family have to agree on the marriage, so good luck convincing a middle eastern father to marry his daughter as a white man.
Okay so not the middle east then? What about africa or asia?
Africa
Enjoy your TB &amp; AIDS
Only SEA, East Asia is filled with undercover whores. Korea is worse than the west when it comes to standards women want from men. Japan you need to be wealthy of fuck, even then she's probably done some form of escorting, porn, prostitution, host clubs, "modeling", etc. Central Asia? No fucking clue as nobody really knows what goes on there. You either end up with the muslim that'll cut your head off or the dark skin looking ones that probably have AIDS.
Chief loos like the only one that doesn't act stupidly performative. 
The way the others act seems too staged specially junior
India. Indian parents are notorious white supremacists and will practically pay you to have bleached kids with one of their daughters.
Paying the man to marry is just a part of Indian culture
Im so far gone now, probably not even having sex and a gf would help, my brain has been irremediably damaged by years of depression, its a permanent damage
Its too late for anything for me anon, wish you luck tho
Muslim countries. Morocco would be my suggestion because it's the most westernized, you won't be ostracized for being a non-muslim westerner (although you will probably have to converted and get your foreskin snipped if you want to marry) and you still drink alcohol and wear shorts.
Virginity in women is still very important there so women usually only engage in anal sex before marriage.
Some african countries have lower HIV rate then the US nowadays. Granted I don't know if that's because those countries improved or because the US went down the shitter.
Is that really true? Like could I just take a vacation to India and somehow enter the arranged marriage market? I thought you needed family to promote you or something.
I don't want to part with my foreskin.
If you think muslims, SEAS and religious cults are too dangerous you may try a christian girl from some of the most conservatives countries. You may have to pretend you are religious too but you don't need to prove it. Now, keep in mind that conservatives countries in america are very poor and have ugly girls. And dealing with a person of a different culture is hard and boring, you won't have anything in common, even if you thing now that it's no big deal. You are young, I'm sure you can find a virgin girl in you country.
That may be a crime outside of India.
Hahahahaha do weebs really?
Like where would I look? Ghana? Argentina?
You're thinking of forced marriage. Arranged marriage is just basically when your family searches for you and instead of dating you do date interviews. You can still reject people you don't like.
I'm pretty sure adult virginity in Japan is very high in both sexes.
Outside of Muslim countries in the Middle East or Asia, I'm not sure if there are any. You're kind of asking for a lot wanting an atheist to value their virginity in any meaningful way. The reason Muslim countries value virginity is because pre-marital sex is haram (islamically forbidden) and in some cases illegal.
I was thinking maybe China or Japan but those countries are incredibly xenophobic and most people will turn you down immediately since their parents would be disappointed that they couldn't find a man of their own ethnicity for their daughter.
Have you considered converting to Islam?
Probably the last place you should look. Argentina is whiter than US and not even that poor. A lot of them are liberal feminist so good luck. 
You may have more chances in shitty countries like Salvador, Honduras, Bolivia, Paraguay, etc. Most of them are goblins but they like europeans features. Do you need them to also be HHK?
I'm pretty sure adult virginity in Japan is very high in both sexes.
That's because japanese are socially retarded, not because they are saving themself for (You). Japanese women are awful.
I'd rather not.
Handholdless kissless? Yes I would prefer that. As I said I don't care about race so them being afro latina is not a problem for me.
It's not like I'm married to the idea of having a Japanese wife so if it sucks then I'll just go elsewhere.
Just to add I don't specifically need an atheist, I can put up with some religiousness, but if it requires something messed up like circumcision then that's a no.
Although now that you said China that might not be a horrible idea. Doesn't China have a big leftover women problem where women over 25 can't find men at all? On top of that I'm sure some Chinese women would want to move to yurop.
Japan or Arabic Countries
Which ones specifically and how?
recently in the islamic community there has been an uproar in arabic and muslim women loving 6 foot white dudes, it is almost a preference now, and a lot of them arnt half bad, for japan, there has been a decline in sex and women are craving it now, so it should be way easier, the younger generation also loves foreigners and are attracted to that type
Saudi wouldnt be bad
Is that really a thing in arabic countries now? Would I need to convert to Islam? Cause that's a no. Also do you think I could convince a Japanese lady to move to yurop?
Don't you need to be mega rich to do anything in Saudi Arabia?
SEA is the most preferable answer.
Africa is a retarded choice. 
Middle east is a retarded choice.
Korea is a retarded choice.
Japan is maybe, but looking at the interracial stats its probably a retarded choice also.
Why is Africa a retarded choice? A lot of African countries have very low HIV rates now. Also if SEA then Thailand or the Philippines? I know Korea sucks though.
As I said I don't care about race so them being afro latina is not a problem for me.
It's not about race, most of them are genuinely ugly. I wasn't talking about afro latino countries, they are pretty cute but also have a high body count. I was talking about amerindian countries. 
Then is going to be pretty hard, it is normal for girls to have boyfriends during school, even if they don't make it to third base.
Hyperborea
Ori
I would prefer HHK but as long as they haven't had sex(anal and oral included) then it's fine. Also the women you posted look fine, the girl on the right is actually very cute.
I'm like 25% jew lol.
Go for it then, there is no guarantee they are going to be virgins but the chances are higher compared to american or european women. The culture isn't too different, you don't have to go through some religious shenanigans and even a lot of the non-virgins are ok with being tradwifes. Learn spanish and go visit their country or try online.
Should I put that I'm only looking for virgins in my dating profile or should I just ask on the first date? Also know any good dating sites where I could maybe filter out non-virgins? Also if I take a vacation to one of these countries what should my game plan be? Learning Spanish doesn't seem too hard and will probably come in handy in other areas of life anyways.
Should I put that I'm only looking for virgins in my dating profile or should I just ask on the first date?
Ask later, putting that you are looking for virgins is a terrible idea.
Unless you directly want a sugar baby there isn't any. Think of it as dating a western girl but with a better chance of her hymen being intact. It's easier for you because European features are exotic and many want to escape from their countries. But there is no guaranty like I said. >Also if I take a vacation to one of these countries what should my game plan be? 
Idk, each country is unique but I guess fb is very popular.
Kek. Where did you get that from? Anime?
It's a commonly quoted statistic.
