If you could legislate 1 law internationally, what would it be?
Everyone must stay in their own country, no exceptions
everyone is legally required by law to kill themselves except for me. punishment is enforceable by death
Leviticus 20:13 unironically
Forced segregation in all countries, an compartmentalization of all races and cultures
Give exclusive voting rights to men who serve in their country's militia (95% of the male population), women forever barred from participation
Enact the Cunny Law, which also abolishes age of consent.
femboy is recognized as an official third sex classification like in Thailand and are required to have artifical wombs and a government 3 year ultrafeminization program of surgeries and hormonal treatment among other things or face life in prison
Abolish private property in every country
All non-whites must take an IQ test, and any of them who score below 120 are immediately gassed and burned in a crematoria.
if ur mean u get the death penalty :)
Allow any weapon to any citizen
I'm torn between "making someone stateless is now no longer against international law", and "you're no longer legally required to rescue people aboard a sinking ship".
The first means you no longer get cases of "individuals home nation rescinds citizenship because they're a terrorist, so they're now your problem since they were in your country at the time", or "illegal immigrant from third-world shithole destroys their documents, so they're now your problem because you can't tell where they were from beforehand".
The second would mean that you'd no longer get NGOs exploiting this loophole to ferry migrants to Europe/America/wherever, since the human traffickers tell the migrants to begin sinking their shitty boats the moment they see another ship in order to force them to rescue them and take them to the developed world.
All non-whites must take an IQ test, and any of them who score below 120 are immediately gassed and burned in a crematoria.
Why are whites IQ below of 120 iq spared? Is it because of you are one of them. Makes sense kek
Within 3-5 generations non-whites would rule the world as dumbfuck whites are forced into menial labor.
people should be allowed to bury you alive if you're violently antisocial (murder, rape, torture, etc.).
This will only breed more sociopathy in society.
I am just trying to get rid of non-whites while sparing the handful that would be of any use.
Outside of tiny pockets of population in East Asia and the subcontinent, my law would reduce that non-white population by such an extent that in 3-5 generations they would be extinct. If the population of the US was suddenly 190 million whites and 50,000 blacks, in 3-5 generations there would be practically no blacks left. It would be like mixing a single M&amp;M's worth of chocolate into a swimming pool of milk. When you're done with that, you don't have chocolate milk...you just have milk.
All people are born free and can live free. Every violation of freedom by individuals or organisations is considered a fatal crime.
but muh fucking toothbrush!!!!11
Any and all sex outside of marriage with marriage defined as a real actual biological man and woman who have took vows before God is made illegal and carries the death penalty.
Alternatively women are not legally considered persons, meaning they can't hold a job, go to university, vote, receive gibs, and so on.
The first would force society to get better. The second is better if women and society would act right, but it at least removes the infinite safety nets they have and somewhat incentivizes proper behavior in society. Second one would take some work to flesh out. Say a woman is widowed and doesn't have any male relatives to take possession of her then she should be allowed to exist as Mrs [husband's name] for the sake of paying bills and being taken care of late in life.
I need my open carry portable nukes right now
The establishment of a worldwide legalized contract system where private citizens can become Bounty Hunters (without the requirements or federal background checks of real-life) and are given licenses enabling them to chase criminals and conceal carry (or open-carry in some cases) weapons in any country or territory anywhere. They also can break into homes without search warrants. Every bounty has a DEAD or ALIVE option regardless of being proven guilty or not in the court of law, so if you're the sadistic kind you can just kill everyone you capture though the bounty for dead might be less sometimes. 
Plus there would literally no background check to becoming a bounty hunter. You just have to be have a legal (or passing for legal) photo I.D. and be over 18. 17 with parental/guardian consent. You could be a felon or an illegal immigrant and walk into an office and the next day have a bounty hunting license, which doubles as a concealed carry license which works even if you aren't allowed to own weapons, the license will just suddenly make you able to not only own weapons and conceal carry (no matter if you are a convicted murderer) but also have access to non-civilian military issue weapons, provided you have cash to buy them. 
This makes it to where Bounty Hunters won't be just fucking self-obsessed redneck wannabe-cops but will be all types of people, ranging from former criminals and weirdos to thrill seekers. 
Not all criminals would have bounties on their heads, but many will. Obvious those who skip out on bail are obvious bounty heads, but certain law enforcement groups can also just put a bounty on anyone they deem a suspect, if they so choose, putting a price on their head, dead or alive. Always both dead or alive, never just one. 
There would be only one crime in the world that would default put a bounty on your head. Maritime Piracy.
This law is incredibly stupid and illogical but might turn out to be really aesthetic and cool-sounding.
More taxation out of the College Admins pockets to be used to cover part of a students tuition. Fun fact: Theyd have enough still even with that.
Wrong.. You end up creating an Uber-intelligent, mega-elite population cut off from the rest with an average IQ so high, that with even such small numbers, they would be controlling everything. But since they're black, they're even more distinctive, and more set apart. Imagine jews, but 1000x worse.
does that mean we dna test all whites people, send them back to europe, and give native americans america back?
Revoke and ban foid rights
eugenics does not work . anyone with half a brain and an education knows that
I just want to see all billionaires get hanged, thats it. Thats my law.
