tfw no fitness obsessed gf
unfathomably cringepilled
I want a fitness obsessed gf but not a bodybuilder.
idk i like fit and muscular girls to some extent, but there comes a point where these women have pecs that make their tits look worse for it, and it's too much for me.
disgusting, marry a man at this point faggot
I want her to crush my skull between her thighs
No, that is for fags
I just realised that I have yet to encounter a girl on r9k that is actually obsessed with an interest. You can find that on plenty of guys here though.
musclegirls below 6'0 are cringe
I would do anything for a muscular girl
It's a shame that most girls don't want to "get too big" which is impossible for natural women
I'm ashamed to be a part of a species that has weak females as the norm, like why isn't pic related the ideal body? 
I'm not even that submissive (I'm a fit giant guy) but dominating a strong girl is 100 times more satisfying than playing with a skinny ugly fleshlight
I'm not even that submissive (I'm a fit giant guy) but dominating a strong girl is 100 times more satisfying than playing with a skinny ugly fleshlight
I quite agree with you. It sounds a lot more fun. I just want a gf that works out very regularly though.
Every muscle girl is welcome
fawasfmasofmsmod,sdasfawwq
Cute not too big tomboys are cute too, better an active girl than a boring basic girl obviously
Also I'm surprised that girls like your pic related exist, maybe I should be out there with people instead of spending so much time alone
Also I'm surprised that girls like your pic related exist, maybe I should be out there with people instead of spending so much time alone
There are but they are very few. This one I posted is a Russian onlyfans model. I've seen a couple of those at my university gym but really, to get to that level of muscles, you need to take steroids, which I think the Russian girl has admitted to. I'm not a fan of gaining muscles that way, or being obsessed with gaining muscles at all. I value physical performance more, although a fit girl still looks quite good.
Honestly I don't mind if a girl takes a little roids to get bigger, I'm considering it too as a fit guy
I don't want to live that long and to have kids anyway so why not have a little fun in life before I die
why not have a little fun in life
I'm just mindful of the suffering from the adverse effects
