Idubbbz went from being a king to becoming a lolcow
He sold his soul to the devil.
I'll admit I feel the tiniest amount of satisfaction at being vindicated for never liking this retard, I knew he was a weasel that based his personality on what would get him attention.
I was actually rooting for him last night. I know he's been an annoying cuck for a while now but I used to like him a lot and really wanted to see him just get one w. At least gain back a little bit of dignity. But not only did he lose he cried after he lost on front of everyone while his opponent was being pity nice to him. I fear being as emasculated and cucked as idubbz has become. I honestly think this was the final nail in his coffin
Christ. She really fucked him up good.
Be very careful who you marry.
people with tattoos are worthless
He was always a lolcow, faggot zoomer.
Jesus Christ look at his gf's face. That is the 'ick' epitomized in one photo. This picture basically sums up female attraction.
He's had sex, something none of you will ever get a woman to voluntarily do with you.
you just know she's going out straight after that and getting railed while he nurses his wounds and pride at home
nah i've had that too
at least im not stuck in a bad marriage
I will chloroform your face and tattoo a dickbutt on your forehead
Don't worry we had virtual sex with idubbbz wife.
Pussy whipped and buck broken.
It's over for him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzF0LL_RscM [Embed]
it's over
Kek you can see the filter moving over the carpet
If you zoom in her panties in this picture you can see Anisa is a roastie
For someone to change as much as H3H3,Idubbz etc. did they must have never been honestly what they showed online they were chameleoning and now they decided they're big enought to drop the mask and be themselves.
She has kind of a strange face, in a lot of pics she looks like a solid 8/10 facially but in others she looks barely 6/10.
I think she looks worse since she got the tattoos, anisa was never that beautiful imo
Nah, they just changed what they were basing their personalities on. Rest of your post is spot on
Short hair doesn't suit at least
i cant believe he decided to look as if he grew up in a trailer park.
what the fuck is wrong with him
are there any edgytubers with attractive gfs? i expect most of them just date average looking girls or are single
This photo has the vibe of a couple in Florida asking you for a drink and "liking your vibe" before they drag you back to their pineapple door hanger AirBnB
Former internet edge lords becoming cucks really shows you that the average person does not have their own set of moral principles, they just let society dictate that for them. The average person sickens me.
female behavior
It was all just an elaborate way to fulfil his humiliation fetish
These must be old. She's covered her whole body with shitty tattoos
here is a recent one https://thotslife.com/anisa-jomha-onlyfans-nude-thong-tease-video-leak/
if at least she would make some nice aesthetic lewd pics then MAYBE i could see why youd be fine with it but this is just so fucking cheap and unappealing, looks like some 30$ hooker
Damn, homie. When the zoomers were in high school you was the man, homie, the fuck happened to you?
I wouldn't be surprised if she actually is a hooker.
See? This is how you sound like, wimp
he met a bicht.
fucking simp
I would rather never have sex ever and literally have a big arrow with neon letters saying "virgin" pointing to my grave, gigantic billboards with my face on it saying "died a virgin" on every roadside on earth than being in idubbbz's flesh. Sex means nothing when you're a worm man like him.
Anisa has got the most "mid" body I have ever seen in my life. She looked mid and 5/10 back then (pic rel) but with the random tattoos she just looks trashy and trailer park hoe like.
jesus.
and idubbz probably took those photos
I hate her too but that's delusional 
Her big naturals alone bump her up to at least a 6
She used to be attractive, her body would still be attractive but it's covered in retarded chicken scratch.
lol
Let this be a lesson to all robots. Always hate women. Be very very careful out there guys
Idubbz is the classic case of a guy who got no pussy suddenly getting gets positive attention for the first time. She will treat him like shit but and he'll take it all thinking there is nothing else out there for him. 
Please add more if you've got em. Do not let this be you.
It's another Bobby Lee situation. Anisa will drop his ass the second she thinks that she's ready to have a streaming career on her own.
They're not natural and she's not all that attractive.
In this pic she's like 7/10 and I know they are not natural but they look fine.
iDubbbz is a dad?
The height of his comedy was playing straightman to Joji and Max
No lol. He got a vasectomy.
Who did he get rekt by? Our man Samir Al-hajeed?
