I'm trying to turn my life around since I'm 23 and I don't want to be a degenerate my whole life
By the time you make enough income to support a family your future wife will have been riding the cock carousel for several years.
first you need to acquire a Time Machine
But forgive and forget anon! People can repent and change!
You were born just in time to see the brutal end of Christianity. Everyone walking the street is either agnostic or atheist. Nobody is left to preach against the new shitstorm that's coming.
You can't, your "trad" wife likes nigger cock.
A good trad Roman worships every God for diplomatic purposes, not just one monolithic thought created in a Jewish desert
Imagine unironically buying the christian propaganda and thinking it makes you better
Kill yourself Op.
Marry young. Too late for you there but if it makes you feel better unless you were raised around mennonites or hutterites marrying young was never an option to begin with.
You can always work like a dog for five years and buy up a small piece of land somewhere. Ten acres is enough to larp as a homestead if you have a good imagination. Then it's just a matter of finding a woman willing to pretend she's not a used up whore that also wants to get her hands dirty picking fruit, feeding pigs, rinsing vegetables, and canning enough food to get through winter. Even guys pulling a million a year can't keep a woman from divorcing or cheating and women prefer living in diverse cities and huge suburbs so it's a tall order to fill. Women are spiritually dead so can't make religion a deal breaker. Just find one that doesn't scoff too hard whenever you say a blessing before meals.
Per your request, picrel, friendo
Take a hammer and bash your pc and phone into little pieces.
Go to a village in some undeveloped country and become a carrot farmer.
Just know that your trad Christian wife fucked chad before converting
Meet someone at church?
That doesnt count then.
Your bodycount refreshes when you join the church.
She was a virgin when we met because she was already converted
Why are incels so fucking gay?
Don't listen to >>72976531. You're 23, you're still so young. Just go for young virgin girls around the 18-20 yo mark. Look out for signs of slutty behaviour.
Every woman who says she's "trad" is actually a former whore. The sooner you realize this, the sooner you can move on.
https://youtu.be/2Cb5OGWumbU [Embed]
This video by eggy goes in to detail about these tradthots.
subversive
Normal people in cities can marry young you mong, fake religions like catholicism appeal to mainly women. Your brain is fried from this website if you think being cheated on is unavoidable in marriage. 
Go to a baptist church that preaches hard against sin. Good ones will typically mention "KJV only" or something similar on their website. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS-IjoeDuic [Embed] Here's an explanation of the Gospel
i can see this is who you're trying to be, anon. what makes you think we're not doing your work too?
Is eggy still trucking?
What do you mean? I don't think I understood it
Muslims have extremely strict enclaves in the Middle East which are fairly developed like UAE, Qatar or Saudi. If they work hard, they can move to those countries and live their trad lives and virgin wives. But where do devout Christians go to live out their trad lives in 2023? Even the most strict and poor Christian nations like the Philippines has promiscuity, prostitution and cheating nornalized
Not that Anon but what's the baptist church stance on the blasphemy against the Holy Spirit? Because I did it as a youngster so I think they might reject me
How often do women in the city get married as virgins at 18 or younger?
Yes. He's probably going to keep trucking because YouTube won't let him stream anymore.
Fuck off with this stupidity. I can't tell if this is meta-humor or some kind of performance art.
