I thought that our society had been doing enough to teach men their place as second class citizens, via messaging such as:
"Boys don't cry"
"Men are pigs"
"Never hit a woman (even if she's threatening your life)"
"Man up" (i.e. take a bullet for the nearest woman even if she's not a friend or relative)
I thought that the pro-female messaging we had been putting out there would be enough to keep these little rapists in line. But apparently, the subhuman scrotes *STILL* aren't getting the message! It looks like many of them have been raised on milquetoast feminist ideologies that claim women are "equal" to men (rather than superior as they are IRL), and are now using these false notions to complain that they can somehow be "victims" of "female violence" (as if a chair or any other property can be a "victim" of its owner).
Evidently, violence is the only message that the X-Chromosome deficient understand. Therefore, I recommend a tough, hands-on policy of teaching boys their inferiority from the earliest years, focused on:
Explicit female superiority lectures in the classroom (starting at Kindergarten)
Arming each female student with a bodyguard to beat the crap out of any boy who would dare bully her, even look at her the wrong way
Replacing the current justice system with a "woman as judge, jury and executioner" model where instead of having trials we simply allow women to point the finger at any man they don't like and immediately sentence him to prison, even death
These measures may seem extreme, but you need to understand that there is an epidemic of men who think they are equal to women. This cannot stand, their inferiority must be beaten into their heads no matter what the cost.
most men are already simps happy to date below their league, it's the women who are the problem, they are incapable-or unwilling- to lead in a romanic relationship
most men are already simps happy to date below their league, it's the women who are the problem, they are incapable-or unwilling- to lead in a romanic relationship
Simping isn't enough we need men to quit their jobs and instead serve as full time bodyguards for women, who spend 24 hours a day out patrolling the streets looking for women in danger who they can sacrifice their lives to.
First you have to convince women to let men worship them.
women don't want that
we need men to quit their jobs
How are they gonna get the money they need to financially serve women?
Replacing the current justice system with a "woman as judge, jury and executioner" model where instead of having trials we simply allow women to point the finger at any man they don't like and immediately sentence him to prison, even death
kek
kek
It's only institutionalized misogyny that has you laughing at this. Women's intuition is more accurate that a jury trial.
A truly female worshipping society would have the bottom 90 percent of males castrated. It's will not be mommy dommy utopia.
How do we raise the next generation of men to KNOW THEIR PLACE and WORSHIP WOMEN?
First you'd have to be able to learn to take a punch, because that's a good reason you bitches will be subservient forever.
This. If women wanted men to be beneath them 90% of the non-chad population is practically begging to be pussy whipped. The truth is most men a naturally inclined to serve whether it be a king or a captain or a wife, it comes naturally to the majority of them.
Yeah but the lucky castrated males might get to be an important woman's secretary or personal assistant
These larp threads are a joke. Male, female, doesn't matter. People like you need to be destroyed.
A truly female worshipping society would have the bottom 90 percent of males castrated. It's will not be mommy dommy utopia.
As the OP of this thread I did not rule out castration, I'm just brainstorming. Your input has been taken into consideration.
Yeah but the lucky castrated males might get to be an important woman's secretary or personal assistant
THIS, man, THIS.
They're called cops lol
'most men a naturally inclined to serve whether it be a king or a captain or a wife, it comes naturally to the majority of them.'
not for chads though, they are too busy using women as sex objects...............
They're called cops lol
Cops aren't nearly female biased enough. We need to replace the judge/jury system with women simply instructing the cops what prison sentence a man they don't like shall serve.
spend 24 hours a day out patrolling the streets looking for women in danger who they can sacrifice their lives to.
Simps should be Batman?
Yeah hence why I said most. Like I said 90% of the *non-chad* population. Most men aren't chads most men are natural peasants and servers. Beta males basically. Which despite what men like to believe is just the average man. Alphas are a minority
but men already do all that
By spaying all dogs, so they never get the chance to fuck one, instead of lusting after our beef strips.
Bow down to the BBC, bitch
Beautiful busty chieftess
