i am absolutely terrified of the outside world 
i wish i could live a life where i stay indoors as a hikkineet girl and schlick and play video games in comfort never having to physically be around other people forever
hikkineet femcoomer thread? hikkineet femcoomer thread.
Need me someone who looks like OP pic. I'll cook as many Dino nuggies as she wants.
if you want anon
Need me someone who looks like OP pic
i could only wish to look like that
would you ever grow to resent her for living such a stress free life?
I too once lived this life, so I wouldn't look upon her with shame, but admiration. As long as she showed me affection, I would support her lifestyle, whether she wants to keep living like this, or improve herself in the future.
hmm i'm similar
but it's not the world i'm afraid of, but hard work and social interactions. i wish i could be a millionaire with a big house in the Azores with a big garden, orchard and some chicken. But i have nothing, i'm a hikkineet boy so i won't even gett attention and love like you. At least i have my fantasies, my food, porn and sleep. And the forests.
I've been cooped up for so long now that I'm not even sure if my fear of the outside world is real or I'm making it up. The last time I was in an actual social situation was 5 years ago and I ended up in the hospital. Doctors didn't know what was wrong but it was sort of like I had a stroke. And of course I never went back again to get answers.
I am going work very hard and make lots of money, so that one day I can adopt a qt neet girl. It is my only dream
I just want to come home from a long day at work to a girl who's locked in her room eating dinosaur nuggets, then we bang once and I make sure she took a shower that day, take care of whatever she needs, and watch her play games/watch anime with her until it's time to sleep. Is that too much to ask for?
I like the outside world but I feel I'm not worth of enjoying it.
I wish I was rich and could afford to travel to all sorts of places.
it's so fucking depressing that a hikkineet girl gets so many suitors but i have no chance of a breadwinner wife even though i love to cook, garden and generally serve
That's just how life is. I'm prime househusband material and yet society shuns that so women don't even consider that an option.
i would be fine with it if women had it the same way. but seeing them live on tutorial mode infuriates me.
you're the perfect bf
Why are men like this?
I love women. Especially the ones that let themselves go a little.
I feel you I'm a NEET for a year now and terrified of people I'm lucky that my parents have quite a bit of money but I need to find work soon and it's stressing me out just thinking about people
It's just a fantasy of mine, but it feels like this is how I'd have the kind of life where I'm with someone I can really relate to on a physical and emotional level. Plus, I wouldn't be able to help myself from spoiling whoever I'm with, so this would be a way to do that. I want to help a NEET girl realize there's at least one person who can fit within her small limited world so she can better open herself up!
It's not impossible but it's unlikely you will put the work into that
