Not sure if neurotic, or not. I spent the better part of my life completely isolated away from the world, except in my case and what probably differentiates me from most of you is the fact that I lived a pretty bold life so far. I was never afraid of finding work, because I simply looked down on everyone around me. The people who aren't afraid to speak their minds are usually the ones you don't want to speak to, right? Well the average human-being isn't like this, they actually love to surround themselves with like-minded individuals because they validate their life choices. I guess you could say that I adopted "antisocial" coping strategies for handling other people, but the reality of the situation is, you quite literally cannot gain anything without socializing and networking (connecting) in some way, shape, or form.

Because I had spent so much of my time alone, from adolescence to adulthood, I definitely spent the better parts of my childhood just consuming media/information, both beneficial and detrimental to my development into adulthood, but what really sucks is the fact that while simultaneously being socially malnourished as a child, I never would have realized that it would actually deeply benefit me and help me progress further at least from an intellectual standpoint. Everyday, I'm watching people around me destroy themselves because of their own stupidity. They literally trip up over their own stupidity and it drives me absolutely fucking wild. I've been put in situations with other people where it felt like I was tardwrangling more than actually socializing and communicating like adults.
New me, new life
I'm going to just work on acquiring wealth and traveling the world, I cannot be arsed to deal with people who aren't even aware that they're alive. Any robots know nice land that I can buy?
Kind of cringe but whatever.I remember when Putin was offering some land is Siberia. You may even pioneer a new town anon.
Well I want to grow vegetables and have enough space to create furniture and test explosives, so all of this is really important for me. I'll proabbly need to add to that list, I also want a garage that can fit 3-4 semi trucks.
This is what the endgame of my pursuits looks like
I'm halfway there and I cant turn back
AHHHHH
That's all I have to add.
