Post the most extreme, brutal blackpill you have.
My penis will never feel any part of a female
all those reddit posts where women don't find their husband/boyfriend attractive anymore after they saw him cry at his parent's funeral.
Shallow, Stacy chasing losers bring it on themselves. He would never date his looksmatch, and of course he only shows interest in mean girl Stacies like all moids.
I like trans men stories wanting to detransition after male socialization
there was an old post on reddit from years ago about a teenage couple and the guy was lamenting that his gf had told him they would save their virginities for each other for after they got married and had been dating for years and the first week she's off at a christian summer camp she loses it to chad.
cant seem to find it. google and reddit seem to have pruned all blackpilling life stories in a concerted political campaign.
almost never happens
happens constantly
https://academic.oup.com/jcem/article/107/10/e4261/6604653
many such studies
One thing I hate is the "Just talk to girls" and "Make female friends" shit. It is so stupid, holy fuck
you simply changed genders in the most important and actually legitimate incel talking point.
women are chadsexual.
Every time I remember the woman who pretended to be a man for a social experiment and killed herself years after stopping because of the mental scars it had left on her, I feel like pic related.
This one is pretty bad. Thankfully most of us are not stupid.
thats all they've got lol just pulling le gotcha reversal verbally but no evidence to back up anything up. they just borrow incel terms and data and swap the genders to make up/invent their points.
facelets literally never lived
Literally never had a chance.
girls use the physical 2 control u
they don't give a fuck what u look like
I once read a story about a girl who was on birth control most of her life, after marrying her boyfriend she stopped using birth control and no longer found him attractive
Just fuck off foid worshiper. Go let a bitch piss on you if you love them so much.
i would if i bonded with her 
love is about loving everything, u feel me?
No I don't feel you fucking idiot. Fuck off my board
i'm a girl here's a pic of me
oops forgot the rules pls miss mod don't ban me
You can't be happy in life unless you're intelligent
socially intelligent*
academic intellect is a miserable existance
men who dedicate their lives to programming are some of the most caustic fucks u can meet socially
It ain't getting better
Lmao
Actually intelligent people are focused on bigger shit than just being a code monkey
it will get better once men start realizing that women don't give a fuck about anything and that it's not their fault at all actually, it's women getting weird and insecure because of porn &amp; tiktok then they go around shaming men's physical states in hopes they're as insecure as them because men are naturally cocky
computer &amp; object orientated people are very small in creative thought, they can't think big picture and can only copy others 2 improve
It's not. I would kill for the opportunity to be a genius and go through academics with no trouble. It would be so nice to solve any problem I have with sheer intelligence. Literal heaven on earth.
all problems are solved through psychology what
if people in computers had any sense they would see the massive damage dating apps, social media apps and AI is causing for the most important people (women)
this shit is fucking ruining the world u mentaladrsfyhgbsixdfghujmzsredtiujtdfgsjuksdftg 
WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKING AUTISTIC
Noone would ever date a frenchshit
It ain't gettin better.
men have always been well
they can't deal with a psychological war women con inflict on them
if women wanted to get men on mass 2 kill themselves, they could.
u need women to be happy.
I hate you. I hate your monkey politics. I dont even want to be an animal with a body. Go learn some math, you fucking idiot.
i'm only interested in people, relationships &amp; sex, not things
i ain't a man lmao
Yes, you are a subhuman wave. In an ideal society you'd be enslaved
ideal societies have always had women in power and men simping for their wives
You are nothing more than a shit flinging monkey
i'm just trying to fix the world jerk
Cancer isn't cured through psychology 
Academic works are only written through psychology if you're majoring in psychology 
Inventions aren't made through psychology 
Psychology will make you money only of you are gonna major in it 
I don't use dating apps and rarely use social media but they still haven't done as much damage to me as simply being academically inept and everybody expecting me to be academically intelligent. My biggest problem rn is that I need to write a work a topic of which i can't change even though there is no things to base it off. If I were a genius I would just create a base myself and do it extremely well and would write an amazing academic work and would be the happiest person ever. Social media never made me feel so miserable and dating apps probably also wouldn't. As for an AI it doesn't really exist rn as in actual human-like intelligence. There is advanced machine learning but it's far from being an actual intelligence
cancer is stress of the body
i don't care about anything else u wrote
pls learn 2 write more interesting, see nobody likes u, nobody wants 2 read u
ur boring
ur socially inept
ur fucking dumb
That I will never adopt a turbie species.
Which brings it to the point that if you're unintelligent nobody's even going to care about what you have to say
everyone, and I do mean EVERYONE, cares what i have 2 say
it's unavoidable
it's their highlight of their day
get real 4 a second pls, ur not among ur kind
Yeah nothing about this is a blackpill. It's just some fag not being able to cope with the fact that women can be shitty people too. If you were in a game and a man was commenting on your looks saying shit like that would you care as much? Somehow I doubt it. Lessons to take away from this are don't chase women through games and don't give a shit about their opinions. If they insult you, pass the shit test and insult them back, then move on. 
It's telling that this persons first instinct was to immediately start wallowing in self pity and wondering why women don't care about peoples feelings. No Shit. No one cares about anyone's feelings. Girlfriends are not your therapist to dump all of your hang ups on.
You exist for the stable, cow. Moo moo.
well done son, u will get a gf soon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIIxlgcuQRU [Embed]
If I can't be emotionally intimate with my girlfriend why bother having one?
because she's reading u
don't talk to her about ur emotions or traumas, that's her job to figure out
let her do her thing, just be as stoic as u can and let her figure u out idiot
Women want to be with chad even if he is a child rapist
nigga, that's a guy
I'm not playing this stupid game. Would rather be single
it's not a game, it's her job
she's more useful when she can guess what u need and what u've been through, it keeps u more interesting and it makes the bond that much more impressive
don't fuck it up and she'll make passionate love 2 u knowing which buttons 2 hit every time
Another chadfishing profile where he pretends to be a child rapist
retard all this shit is made by men 4 men
girls don't engage with these retards
So retarded. You will always own a phone
using the phone as a utility =/= basing ur life &amp; worth around what is on the screen
the internet is a story, it's not real nigga
people are real, women know this best, but men don't, and they sit there watching porn/anime and then projecting it, like the literal retards they are, to real life, making women miserable
MISERABLE.
MISERABLE.
MISERABLE.
a miserable woman will destroy the world
Most of the shock that incels seem to have regarding real life women is that they have their own internal lives, goals, and motivations and that they are much more manipulative and Machiavellian than they realized. Women don't just sit around dancing in wheat fields and baking pies saving themselves for marriage until you show up and put in your attempt to get in their pants. They are also out in the world trying to get theirs and have as much fun and sex as they can. 
So when I hear all these stories of "Baawwww I did {x,y,z} why didn't Becky senpai notice MEEE!" it's like yeah no shit. She was doing her own thing while you were putting all your hopes and dreams on her and acting like a simp. Ever notice how roasties complain about "players" who have multiple girls on the side that they chat up and fuck? Yeah there's nothing wrong with that. You don't have to act chivalrously towards modern cunts. You can and should use every trick in the book to secure your own happiness because no one is out there just waiting for you to come into their life so they can fix all your issues. That's up to you.
Not that anon but he's right you just don't get it because you are autistic and grounded in object focused thinking. Everything about the world that you experience fundamentally is a product of your own sensory experience and how you perceive things around you. A car mechanic does not see a car the same way an uninformed normie does. A Math prodigy does not see a complex equation the same way some random dumbass off the street does. And likewise 4chan incels do not see women and human relationships the same way normies do. So in other words get over yourself and try to learn something.
u will never experience pussy in ur life
Learning something doesn't do you much good when you're unintelligent. Even after learning something I can't find a way to apply it efficiently and that's another thing to feel miserable about
He probably already did, since he sees women as fairly basic humans and not the magical faraway creatures incels see them as
u can't learn social skils, there's nothing u can read that will help u
they are instilled to men from women, and women have to choose them
anyone who types like that has never been chosen by a woman in his life, he overcompensates and tries to be clever
he's not clever, he's socially inept
women instill social skills 2 men.
It was a psyop created to demoralize Whites, but unironically while it achieved its goal its also of way for bottom tier Whites to cope about how better they are.
literal autists can get laid as long as they are handsome
that kid is acting
literally perfect
i'm a f2m tranny now
This pic is almost good except the big toe on her left foot looks retarded
it's tyna mimic a cat's foot autismo
most of us computer people don't even use social media and all that online trash. we are autistic and socially retarded, meaning social media doesn't even work for us.
yeah we make it, but it's made purely for you normies to use, because you want it and because it enables your narcissism.
Then why don't ugly women just pay a man for sex? Oh wait there are no straight male prostitutes and there never has been, because women can have free sex whenever.
c'mon dawg u making fat stacks that's y u work it
ppl complain ab jews when in reality the people ruining the world are the whores at the social media sites preying on the sensibilities of human nature
he is not autistic.
he is clout chasing on tiktok. autists don't understand how to style their hair like that and wear a shirt that fits that well and not to mouth-breathe (his iron jaw and cheekbones prove that he has never drawn a single breath in his life through his mouth).
Having female "friends" is all of the risk of being #metoo'd with none of the benefit of actually having sex.
at this point the only way to avoid metoo is to do a career that can't be metoo'd
if you answer to people ur fucked
he's seen shit humans wouldn't believe
I don't complain about Jews, I'm not a polfag. I couldn't care less about Jews, I'm just a lonely autist who is working with computers for the wages and waiting for death to free me.
u seem like a good lad y don't u try hanging out more irl and project the desire for a woman 2 poke u
The 1% completely control everything now through AI algorithms. We lived in shadowrun 10 years ago.
You didnt even realize it was happening.
Everything is fake now and engineered to control you entirely.
They won.
Theres nothing anyone can do about it.
Their selfishness and evilness will kill us all and they dont care because theyve already solved the problems for themselves and will keep it to themselves and dont care if the entire planet dies after they are gone.
ur probably right
have u tried getting off the internet?
Bait post written by a male.
chatgpt3 response 7
men have sex when women have sex
if you're not having sex, who's fault do you think it is?
you're a retard, socially useless, u need a woman to choose u
well women ain't chosen anyone cuz they're gripped by insecurity due to social media &amp; porn that u can't help urself from consuming
Women are sucking dry the media propaganda that makes 80% of them only want to fuck 20% of the men and we're somehow responsable for their own happiness still? Death to women.
Also
You are either a male or a tranny, but not a real woman.
Cope you soulless fuckhole
let's have a conversation
ur a hot chad and i'm a hole
hey u lokin' cute wyd tnite?
women cope with insecurity by making high demands they know they can't get
it helps them deal with insecurity by passing it onto men
is it fair? nah, but it works
a woman's ego is the most important thing to protect, if it breaks, she'll do very bad things
instantly blocked and moved on to another specimen because of the low IQ vocab. Since this is assuming I'm a chad, I can have the pick of the litter
wtf i look like this tho
You women can't even hit back the men that beat you daily
if a man beats me it means he loves me that much
all attention is good attention when i want it from him
he's a fucking man, i respect his physical ability, sometimes i wanna see him flex it on me; pussy
Comfirmed male baiter again
ur pussy is SOAKED
dime a dozen, I repeat chad can replace that within 5 minutes and he doesn't have to tolerate anything he doesn't like
ok new match
Hey, you're looking okay, I guess... where are we going tonight?
That's an adam apple and badly shaved facial hairs
ur such a fucking weirdo my god
Our inability to date comes down to not being able to act normal and have normally interests, which for some people is impossible to fix as opposed to looks where you can just get plastic surgery.
we're going to my apartment, we're watching apocalypse now and then we're going to fuck. If I find a tucked penis, I'm going to strangle you and dump you in the alley
actually women are hyper sensitive to plastic surgery... they'll get it knowing men are dumb as fuck, but they'll be creeped out if a man got it for himself
Go outside
Already talking about penis, huh? Just come out already and ask me to fuck you with a strap-on.
Maybe on the next date
Hes autistic cope with it
Damn, you're boring. No wonder you like Apocalypse Now... isn't that like 3 minutes of dudes in the jungle? You're gay as fuck!
I can't believe all it takes to make you people rope is a screenshot from reddit.
I remember when reddit was made fun of and the average reddit user was considered a tranny faggot. Now I guess you "sympathize" with ledditors. Like you, a 4chan chad, has anything in common with those faggots. Pathetic
COMMENTARY:
Damn, you're boring.
No Chad ever received this critique.
 No wonder you like Apocalypse Now
No Chad ever had his taste in movies criticized.
Back to the LARP:
someone do this experiment again today. the anti-pedo crowd has exploded since a few years ago when they did that fishing
chad gets neg'd by women 
ALL
THE
TIME
no women treat chad with respect u fucking retard
they don't want him to ego on them
Don't know how long you've been away but most people here are redditors
RETARDS
She is shit testing him.
You tell her "it's not my fucking job to look pretty"
Literally just proved you have no REAL confidence.
ya there u go
So you say, but that's anecdotal evidence without examples. We have anecdotal evidence WITH examples, the chadfishing era around 2015 proved our point.
Except it is, this retard comeback will only make her remember there is no chance for you to get any better looking ever.
most cuntoids will shit test themselves into infertility, chads are in limited supply and so are betabuxx at this point
those are weird dudes creating fake images
if u know how women talk, which they don't u know they don't act like this
u just have 2 know dude, men poison themselves for free
These pictures are real, keep coping.
Bullshit. We had livestreams, 2 hour long bitchute videos and thousands of these. Only a cuntoid would be delusional enough to actually believe that this is some kind of collective effort to create an alternate reality instead of revealing the truth. Keep coping however you wish, the vast majority of these are legit.
they're not
if you have an once of social skills u know what's real n what's not real
men however don't know shit, they're socially retarded
Why don't you try it yourself and see? That would be a fun experiment.
because i'm a real chad who has had real conversations with women
it's banter, it's insults, it's difficult making head room
they're either scared as fuck to say anything, or they're BPD insult mode
Like I said, it's your worthless opinion versus thousands of videos, livestreams and screencaps. You have no evidence to back up your opinion with.
the internet isn't real
it's a social wasteland full of weird men who make weird shit
you can keep posting it, and keep hurting ur mental health
ur a social retard, i am not
that's the difference, people beleive me and think ur a basket case
Lol fuck off. I exclusively go for non Stacy girls and femcels, and you're all the same ghosters doing the exact same shit you complain that men do. 
Oh boo hoo I got ghosted because moid wants Stacy, only to ghost any guys that show you interest.
Get fucked whore. Men and women are both as shit as each other take your ego and shove it up your cunt.
You're a butthurt cuntoid and you can't even pretend otherwise, the way you type makes it obvious
or maybe it's cuz i've talked 2 so many women i've learned to be one
Tranny comfirmed.
I disagree, the internet can be more real than real life. This is where you can truly understand the inner workings of people, nobody would share these feelings in real life with you.
so what if i am a tranny? what r u gonna do ab it? ur embarassing urself with these photos u have saved on ur computer
ya they would, because u would literally sense their entire being
face
eyes
body
movement
u have no idea autistic kid, no idea
oh that's marvelous hon, did you practice a lot?
You're a tranny. There's no "what if" anymore.
Daily reminder : you will never be a real woman. Stop trying to act like you think like one.
actually i've transcended women
i'm better than them now
i'm my own thing entirely
age of consent laws were created by jewish feminists to destroy the family unit
Fuck off to the 10 sissy threads or just leave this board at once.
kek
did you also score an IQ of 160 in an online test? programmers are the definitely *NOT* intelligent people
I have to be a physical tank to even live outside
people have to fear me, they have to be intimidated by my stare
I -like most people- can read body language and they merely convey hints, you can't fully understand the inner working of people just by looking at them. Anonymous forums and image boards are way better to understand the human psyche, there's no consequence for sharing their honest opinions, views and feelings and it feels good for everyone to be honest for once.
no ur just autistic projecting what u can't see
women are vastly superior in person for their ability to read people
they don't like being online
No, it's your estroginized male chest, unshaved neck and prostitute make-up.
i'm a person who looks like if i touch u physically ur gonna be knocked over and the only thing u can think of in the moment of threat is where u can get a weapon but I promise u that won't help as I'm barking at you with my thick as fuck voice how much of a weakling you are for needing a weapon to even contend with me as I bait u into turning the gun on urself and ending ur life
women are vastly superior in person for their ability to read people
That's bullshit, it's a scientific fact that female cognitive abilities are stunted in comparison to male brains. They literally exist at a lower level of consciousness.
Keep coping tranny. Stop looking at porn btw.
women exist in the abstract u social retard
u will never get pussy, ever, stop trying to socialize, it's embarassing and u make women want to kill themselves knowing someone like u exists
porn is the best career for women, it really empowers their ego and as long as they can get a man simping for them with love they'll be the happiest girl on planet earth
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHAT THE FUCK THIS ISN'T REAL
I know you're baiting at this point but it's still a good opportunity to deliver my message.
women exist in the abstract
just the opposite, female brains are very limited in terms of abstract thought
10 posts ago you just told me that I just need to try harder, what gives?
women only think abstractly, they're all schizo in that sense, they need to be around people to feel normal
He's been outed as a tranny and is going full hothead mode. Don't try to make sense out of it.
wdym he's socially retarded, he acts it, speaks it, and i'm giving him limited interaction only to protect the women reading this thread
No, they're not. They're very literal and just see and accept things as they are. That's why they always conform to the current zeitgeist or at least that of their group, women never go against the grain and never ponder anything that's deeper than their own immediate needs.
you have no idea how a woman's mind works, and it's embarassing that you try to understand it
what sense of confidence u have is from ur dad, and he was a fucking loser with women as you are today
what happens now is you're gonna think of ur dad, and ur gonna remember his relationship with your mother
ur ugly, sexually repulsive and unlovable
Thank you for not even trying to argue any of my points, I accept your concession and your covert apology. Now that we're done with that topic, there's something else you should consider.
at this point, irl, he would be trying to physically assult me
this is y i gotta be fat
No I wouldn't, I'm a man of reason. I wouldn't ever assault anyone for their opinions, no matter how little I thought of them.
i could feel u hitting urself
No, the thing you felt is just your urge to commit self-harm and suicide.
too much food 2 experience no time for self harm anymore
Take as much dick as you can handle
i only fuck cos-play whores babe sry better luck next time
can this be over? can u just kill urself already
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHA
fact fact: women will try to put you down every chance they get
it means they like you, if they didn't like u they wouldn't engage with u
if u brush it off as nothing, they'll be hyper attracted to you
They don't engage with me, don't worry
offer something
i offer an amazing time, but it's a fast burn
be a slow burn guy, promise a life they want
it's over for ftmhomocels.
i cant believe i read the whole thing
famale
just think about the funny thing between ur legs
it's ugly isn't it
My absolute favorite fantasy is having a sleepover with a couple of guys my own age who accept me for who I am and I'd be wearing blue boxershorts, my favorite blue jockstrap, my favorite blue football jersey and a worn out blue trucker hat (in case you haven't noticed blue is my favorite color. I think it's because I resent missing out on twenty years of masculinity and I'm subconsciously trying to make up for lost time by being as manly as possible.) 
It would be cold and windy outside but we'd be nice and warm curled up infront of a car engine. We'd spend the night working on the car, flicking boogers at each other, drinking beer, wrestling and watching porn while jerking each other off (again, I was robbed of a boyhood). 
They wouldn't care that I wasn't close to passing or that my voice was feminine, they'd just accept me as one of the boys. We'd spend the whole night burping and would drift off to sleep one by one and the night would end up with me wrapped up in a cum-stained blanket drifting off to sleep knowing that for the first time in my life I'd been accepted for who I truly am. Sighhhh. 
Probably not going to happen in the near future, but a guy? / girl? can always dream.
ngmi, original or not
I'm not cel. Never have been really. I have had sex with multiple females. Not once was it my "choice". They all propositioned me.
Further: every single girl *I* have propositioned, either for sex or legtimate dating, has rejected me. In the cases where I had sex, I literally did nothing to make it happen. I suppose this technically counts as jussbeurself.
You know back in the day you could've done exactly that, except at the end you'd all have sex (or maybe not!). And we called them tomboys, not ftm or any weird crap.
What society thinks of your gender won't fix your mental state, you need to accept who you are.
I can tell you are a zoomer because you can't recognize satire
You got me, its late my sarcasm detector was dead
Projection and cope. You just have a bad personality.
Kek yeah you cant make friends with females if you arent at least a 6/10. You just get automatically called le creepy and demonized. Actually normies form defensive rings around their women when Im around, even in places where nobody knows me.
