seasideMARK's 49th Birthday Celebration edition
Get in derrre my Iad
Never seen a rule that states you can't post images.
Seeing porn being constantly posted here is blowing my dopamine receptors
is this a IMAGEFEEL general? 
get in deeeeeeer x
ywn be chad
Sniff that my leeds
Cheers
saw this webm in /brit/
NOOOOO you can't post images 
FO tyrant
steals his wallet
I will never be a half elf mage in some fantasy lane getting gang banged by orcs
saw this webm in /brit/
Is that you Greg?
I will never be a half elf mage in some fantasy lane getting gang banged by orcs
Coor
How did you guess kek
I love cock and balls
Get down to the boozer tonight lads, pints ain't gonna drink themselves
Sniff this if that's alri with you my leeed
Sneed a source for that
she walks outside dressed like this to attract a chad. anyone staring that isn't attractive is automatically a creep.
I love Goddess Lucia. She is so cute.
Corr how can white men compete?
my ruth would never dress like a whore. she's better than that.
Corr how can white men compete?
They can't LMAO
nose to screen 
now loser
He be doin alri there my leeds
Some 'men' know their place
you can't just post feet in our thread all the time.
Where the fuck do I buy jeans for 28 waist?
Where frosty and his hair system cartoon frog?
love imagefeel 
So get in deeeeer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AizwO1tMWs [Embed]
Where the fuck do I buy jeans for 28 waist?
Jacamo
You are never going to have sex.
Need Moni back to sort this thread out
Good. I don't deserve sex
Ebin would never have allowed this back in the day
The newsnight.webm anyone got it?
I am quite content to fuck my hand like a good loser for porn goddess until I die 
cheers x
No sex life for losers as it should be
I can help you with that x
I spend most my time on spankbang edging
Why does King Ian Moore shave his eyebrows?
Wonder if they're still together. This was taken last summer in London.
I spend most of my time banging my hand
Isn't that for fatties? I'm a skinny
Bro that's deeeep!
I'm a virgin because I'm a loser though
Bipolar disorder, formerly called manic depression, is a mental health condition that causes extreme mood swings that include emotional highs (mania or hypomania) and lows (depression).
When you become depressed, you may feel sad or hopeless and lose interest or pleasure in most activities. When your mood shifts to mania or hypomania (less extreme than mania), you may feel euphoric, full of energy or unusually irritable. These mood swings can affect sleep, energy, activity, judgment, behavior and the ability to think clearly.
get in lad 4 times celibate and gooning x
Nothin of value was lost
Don't ask me how we can, but we can
image posters will be not be silenced
which britfeel posters are actually shaggers/have gfs?
She is probably bringing up his sprog in a grim tower block
Sounds like you need become the girlfriend de lass x
which britfeel posters are actually shaggers
me, shagged yesterday and will probably be shagging tomorrow
Fucking your hand is all good and well but sometimes a cuddle would be nice x
image posters will be not be silenced
We are not breaking rules!
the idea of being a cute lads gf and keeping myself all soft and ready for him to fuck after he eats the dinner I made him and then we shower and get into bed and cuddlle as he watches his shows or vidya x
That's a good tuck, poley would be jealous
Get a whiff of this my leeds
mfw Poleaboo thought the reason people didn't like him was because his tuck wasn't good enough
In fact sharing life with someone who you can be yourself with would be best 
id love someone to hold
I wonder if he will go live tomorrow
I hope so
what's that in the jug, piss?
A lot of losers in tonight heh
Helen's piss
Don't trust no one who drinks anything but blue milk.
what's that in the jug, piss?
Yeah, one of seasideMARK's low points
A lot of tyrants in here tonight
https://youtu.be/xqwwkETs4TU [Embed]
I wanna boi desu desu :(
https://poleaboo.wordpress.com/2019/02/02/the-manchester-meetup/
2nd paragraph
Why don't you name your favourite posters and I'll tell you if they are shaggers or not
t. /britfeel/ loremaster
It is tempting...I was even checking out laser hair removal for face earlier as my beard is pretty weak and am tired of shaving. My head hair is nice and thick too.
will we ever hold each other and plan our days and make each other laugh and bring each other the morning coffee on a Sunday in bed 
cooooor in alone
We all want a cute femboi to hold and cuddle up to at nite x
Hell yeah the Loser life is comfy
I could be yours mr soft lad ? X
losersignfootpicslad
Footlad
Frosty
Smirnoff
Footlad
That would be lovely mate me and you in the bed fortress x
losersignfootpicslad
virgin
Footlad
virgin
Frosty
virgin
Smirnoff
Doesn't have a gf, but used to be a shagger
A lot of gay men in tonight x
Losing is a way of life
coooor id be the little spoon and ive been using this new spray on moisturiser so id smell all lovely and soft for you to hold me tight :) x
I know for a fact that is wrong
Not much of a Lore Master are you?
What white guy upset you?
My dad mainly
I'm not counting shagging a tranny as losing virginity, smirnoff is the only one that has had penis-in-vagina sex
mate how many times have I said this 
I laid to fuck an older escort 
Bit time later we dated for five months or so and her bipolar mentally ill tranny gf who I also sucked and fucked and got fucked by. 
cheers x
Fucking hell lad what's your discord? You qt
Did he molest you?
Mark can't believe tyrants want to take away image posting
It not right
I miss 20 hour threads
I'll fucking show those image haters
The last one didn't hit 300 posts, just because of one lad having a full-on autistic meltdown at nobody in particular. It sad.
He never has meltdowns anymore. I want the old SSM back
Switching to this nu breadingham if that's alright wiff u
Hood up, running up to women on nightwalks and scaring them.
He's upset that his dad touched him up, now he's fantasising about his mum getting fucked by a black bloke as some power fantasy revenge
Image posting isn't a crime de lads
You're going to die having never done any of the things you post about
If the gf is preggers, will you stick wiff her or get a new gf?
They have abandoned a thread because it hit image limit to come to a thread getting spammed with images so they can play lets pretend.
shoving a camera in jobsworths' faces isn't a crime either
i should become an anime poster
/deepfeel/: Nightwalk anon's dad is a police officer
Got Cadfael on, a blanket over my legs, tea and biscuits...can't get much comfier than this!
Wonder how much money his fans will send him tomorrow
He was hinting he wanted some Hugo Boss fragrance earlier kek
I wonder what it looks like in the flesh.
Give this a little tickle princess x
Nightwalk has gone fucking nuclear for some reason, the pressure has been building for months, years even. One day many, many years ago a police officer harassed him, and now in April 2023 he's spamming pictures of black blokes penises on 4chan because of it.
Anime is gay my leed
Looks quite stretched and worn. No doubt taken the BBC.
He loves a bit of Blacked he does
Built for BBC if thats alri with you
I could do that if I wanted. Free will and mentally unstable men is powerful.
Ask me how i know you're a virgin x
No my dad's fucking dead.
I'm not posting any degenerate porn. They fucking got away with tackling me to the ground for no reason and walking away laughing.
He loves a bit of Blacked he does
get help mate, seriously, your life is in a tailspin, it's sad to watch
someone should deepfake mrs bucket
love gooning to bbc me
August Ames
Gone too soon desu
There are so many Black cocks she never got to suck and fuck
It not right.
Can you not fucking read you stupid repetitive cunt? I said that you won't, not that you can't.
How did she die mate? too much cock haha
How did she die mate?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/August_Ames?useskin=vector#Death
You will never have a cute, young trap bf tied to your bed.
Damn yeah she was smoking hot...
23
damn kind of sad.
in a weird way shows you how fake and money corrupts. 
uh fame eats away at the face 
remember that time I kicked me height?
Her bf worked at Evil Angel and slowly bimbofied her
humans are shit truly 
you seen sudan fucking mad haha 
also like 18000 cows all blew up recently and Sudan is kicking off 
Something bad is brewing
Do you grim cunts ever stop thinking about porn
Christ
I wonder if we will ever see that lads new apu's he created
I think he's too scared to post them now in case he gets doxxed
life is porn 
however sleep calls night all x
How did you manage to shoehorn Sudan into our porn conversation
mate it just made me laugh cause oh twitter scrolling my usual porn and then I saw some video of these lads in sudan kicking off but like you had some fellas who were actual soldiers and then some like usual towel headers and then a bloke in a suit all running around with aks 
Anyway Ella Hollywood 
Angela white 
Tori lane when she was crazy 
Newsflash she still is
get in deeeeeeer my laaaaads. X
Lad get some sleep toil tomorrow x
she looking for her car keys?
134 posts by 14 babby men
Saad!
I know I know 
five more days of toil for the overlords 
Night night xx
See you tomorrow evening qt x
sad little tranny poster making good use of his time
Night night Flad I will be porn posting with you tomorrow xx
It always makes me laugh when I read posts like this
Look where you're posting mate
Point out your quality posts little lad
hadnt used my water flosser for a week, gums fucking reeked after cleaning them. grim stuff
and you lovely xx
cant wait sleep well!
Ever use it up your arse lid?
i have a dedicated shower douche
lmao fucking hell this is pathetic
so what we gonna talk about tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kbqu9YOoHio [Embed] 
all me
Yeah, I'm on that wuppagrind tonight. Garn get womfy and watch the rest of American Horror Story: NYC if that's alright with you my leeeeeds.
Cheers x
Everybodys gone surfin
Surfin usa
Have Sunderland called you up to play for them yet or has your erectile dysfunction prevented you from meeting the required level of noncery?
SEETHIES OUT!
These are womfylid nightguard hours. Cheers x
how do i get a cute bong gf
At the headshop
You are a seether and one of the worst.
are there always cute english girls there
i never noticed them before in amsterdam 
then again, i dont go to head shops
really?
i dare you to make it worse than this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lyu1KKwC74 [Embed] 
plus alcohol
plus ibuprofen
plus gaba something
Up Ruth's tuppence
Hope Flad is sleeping well x
Fuck off. Just fuck off saying this shit about her.
Friendly reminder that it's entirely your fault that people ITT are even aware of Ruth :)
Image tyrants have no power here.
Maybe so but I only wanted the best for her deep down.
Women's feet smell much better.
If security follow you around more than twice (outside private property), it's considered harassment and you can totally do them in.
Corr lovely willard that
Made some inroads on the backlogington already corr
If i throw in another upper and pull an all-nighter i might even get the whole folder done
What did you spend your Grand National winnings on lid?
@72982082
Backlog for what lad?
Check your mail nightmach
He's building a loser signs folder
Nothing yet de lid as I haven't been anywhere. Need to a bit of shoppington tomorrow though.
Just had a rando flashback to just over a week ago when i was on the hi-speed train and some actually mentally retarded negroe kept stepping into my seat so as to pretend look out of my window (he actually just wanted my seat and used this behaviour as some sort of botched cover lol) 
The mong did this for like 5 minutes straight, on and off, which kept irritating me more and more, so i just looked at him directly and he was still standing there
Then at some point this absolute maniac touches me and was stammering something to the effect of "p-puhlease" or sommet and i asked him whether he reserved the seat or what. Fucker just gave me a puzzled look and said "please" again, so i bolted and got the fuck up/changed seats before the mongoloid would infect me with AIDS or whatever 
Wasn't really prepared for a situation as bizarre and unexpected as this, but then again these people really aren't compatible with civilization at all. Never relax around them (i did relax because i saw him too late), even on a priceyarse hi-speed train you're not really safe from them and their incredibly bizarre behaviours
Going shoppingtons tomorrow morning too. At least kids are back at school now so it should be quieter in town
sommet 
Stopped reading there. German schizo post.
What backlog you ask laddie? Why the usual stuff of course
Another hairy situation of course was when i got off the train and first thing once i got out of the station i'm greeted with is some rando PoC trying to sell me illicit substances. He was really adamant about it too, and i didn't have any mace on me either
Was like "sorry mate" and just kept going, luckily he did not pursue me either
Gotta love the cultural enrichment
We all go shoppingtons in life x
soundspacker has some weird dreams wtf
get help mihai
Just finished American Horror Story: NYC. Have to say, not bad, not bad at all. Pretty clever the whole Big Daddy being the personification of HIV/AIDS thing. Honestly, I didn't get it until the very last wepisode. I thought he was just some evil ghost or something. There a few things I still don't get like why Patrick was revealed to be helping Whitely, which makes no sense whatsoever but never mind. Overall, I'd rate it probably my 4th favourite AHS season. And if you're not interested in AHS well I don't care.
Someone should make a British Horror Story series but then again our history isn't as interesting. We get cringe royal dramas and shit like Downton Abbey. Basically shows made for middle-class Tories.
What was the last TV show made for the working-class? (reality TV shows don't count). The Royal Family? Maybe Benidorm? The last really good one was probably Bottom.
Maddening farts escaping me arse
Just had sex, was a bit grim.
SSM just turned 49. It's a lovely x
The gf w/her shortass lazy responses again earlier, vgh
Really not liking the overt discrepancy here, even though this might be due to her still being down w/the flu or whatever 
Gonna hafta go for another make or break-type scenario most likely on [redacted] when i'll be calling her back again
Well, time for some YouTubes in beddingtons then sleeps for me. Damn it feels good to be off the wooze. Nighty night lids.
One thing I've noticed is that vitality returns quickly once you stop drinking. Both mentally and physically.
If i were mohammedan my boomer relatives would have helped me breeding a bitch already
Maybe this is the way to go in case she monkeybranches on me
Quads of truth HHL
You shag an ugly cunt matey?
That's because the parents are mohammedan too. You converting won't get you an arranged marriage
Yeah I did. I often ponder if wanking is better in these situations
rare pic of her outside. she went to a flower farm and enjoyed her day out of the box room. proud of her.
Good decent progressington on the backlog corr
Just need to throw up the other chart and send out anuddah mail
Been looking for that fucking note but i'll probably do it ad lib rather than keep looking for it
the benefit of being up at this time means my american asmr girls are uploading their videos for me to sleep to.
Goddamn that brace is thight af
Really good support for the backington
corr she is a proper stacey
https://youtu.be/l3lm7WprpGA [Embed]
Depends on whether the cunt is into it or not i fink
My girl had a vaginal orgasm the other week when i took her doggystyle, her squirt or whatever the fuck it was stank up the whole fucking room but in a good way lol 
Beats fapping when they're excited and in the mood like this (even as an uggo, which mine isn't though), otherwise you might as well use a fleshlight
Looks underage anon
Are women even aware of the incredibly power their pussies have? Great men have built and destroyed whole empires to get some pussy
AI can't me-ACK!
She may do but she is 23 in a few months.
Not sure whether that last kangdom movie is worth watching
I remember the series fondly but apparently they made aethelstan gay now or sommet
The moneylenders/cultural bolshevists cannot possibly help themselves
She has connective tissue disease and a low immune system. That affects her development. She has to take several medications a day. You have an easier life than her.
Imagine being a childless infertile woman
Truly the saddest fate there is
That's going to be Gibi if she doesn't hurry up with Ben.
She's 22 and isn't planning to have children. She hates children (they annoy her).
She says if you have a problem with her armpit hair, then don't watch her videos. She is a true feminist.
when one stops the other starts up.
never ending SPAM
and she has been doing asmr for over 5 years. She actually looks a lot better nowadays. Definitely got better with her hair and makeup.
Knowing I'll never have a relationship makes me want to disrespect females.
Sounds like you value them too highly
No I just want a relationship and know it's not fucking possible. Why the fuck should I even respect a female?
Finkin bout copping some breakfastingham
gonna cop a mealshakingham finna bouta 15 minuttingtonhamshire corr
white knights like soundspacker are unfucling believablingtonshirehampton-upon-tweed
phoar time for the first dildo-in-me arse of the day before spastic boomoid comes for the meter readings
ho lee fook
just had suma tha hagen dasz choclate drizzlington ice creamham upon rhein
to say das nibba ist dank is a severe [redacted] understatement
corr havent had a mealshakingham that nutritious since uncle adolf stormed the sudetenland
I will not slave. I may be miserable but I would be even more miserable slaving. Imagine if you took away pussy from Chad. He'd have a mental breakdown eventually and not want to work.
Had a very splendid spontaneous spaffington just now me
sure
https://youtu.be/Z3YlWfGZ2FY?t=1136 [Embed]
Fink i'll be copping a little sleepington-on-bedberg
moaning de lads moaning de lads can't wait to see you all down sandford lane tonight for my birthday celebration rave, will be bringing 'ellen along so want to see best behaviour from you all and fucking get in there de leeeeeeeeeeds
just wokeup-on-trent
Happy birthday are Mark /britfeel/ is /ssmfeel/ today de lad allllll the waaaay
Morning de lads. Remember you have every right to post images on /r9k/
Suspicious my postie.isnt delivering my mail...how could i find out if he is or not
also me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKYivs6ZLZk [Embed]
Contact the post office and tell them your box isn't being stuffed
GOON MORNING LADS!
Back to the ol' wfh grind stone... by which I mean, basically doing fuck all work and gooning my fucking brains out the entire time, haha!!!
Not feeling any one single porn goddess today. It's gonna be a smorgasbord of the gooning senses as it were instead.
Any lads gooning along today too?
once i had a very mild surgery after i fell off a bike, the scar is still there
sisters napo bf asked them why im walking so weird after coming from surgery
im not trying to put not much pressure upon it
also he got really offended when i made i made lunch without him when he went out
what the fuck is wrong with you people [italians, sic]
Good morning lad 
Just prepared today's goon folder going to have a mix and match session too.
https://youtu.be/_inUax_RTUo [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/@BasedTubeKidsOfficial
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
THIS IS NOT A BOT. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. I AM AMONG YOU. FUCK YOU AND FUCK YOUR SHITTY COUNTRY.
there is no fucking shot that they let this on youtube kids
Ooooooohhh, Sasha de Sade, good taste lad! Makes you proud to be British she does!
In the bed sheets in the morning
And the busy river side, 
In the way she bares her joy, 
How she lets slip out a sigh, 
In the brief moments of stillness 
I feel immobilised, 
Confined within her gaze, 
Proud to be seen by just her eyes, 
Impatient for the words she speaks
And whatever comes next, 
Though she says it all with a hand on me, 
Placed on the backside of my neck
Dr Soiberg
Official YouTube Kids channel
oh connery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcN4glPZ0aQ [Embed]
G4 fucking Stupid. Thousands of these twats are standing around jobcentres doing fuck all right now. Great use of public money.
Might pop over to Chaturbate late afternoon see what's happening on the live scene.
Take it slow and steady lad x
Gang badge needs to fucking go.
Call them stupid twats to their face and see what happens. I bet you couldn't get an SIA licence
There ain't no black in the union jack. simple as.
Any mong can get an sia licence. It only takes a few weeks to finish your course.
mum's problem, not mine
I wish. It's literally just incompetence in running the country. The "elites" that govern us are an insult to the term. They are feckless, retarded mongs with no virtues to speak of. This is the end result of the democratic process - the elected officials really do represent the vast bulk of the people in this country and that's a fucking terrible thing.
999 for a man with a camera. What a bunch of fucking pussies. Wasting police time.
why work when you can't afford bills and rent on your own? neet life for me.
Go on then.
Took me 3 months and 2 goes to get mine. It's not as easy as it looks.
https://youtu.be/9XSzwbFCFtc?t=127 [Embed]
Scottish women really are the best  looking  in the world
Girls like that only want chad. Why the fuck should I even bother.
why can a bunch of barely English speaking men get one so easily then?
You can't be stopped using an upload slot.
Where do you live that you cant afford bills and rent?
because you can eventually. you have to work your way up and then you'll be much better off than being NEET
Give up all my time to slave away hoping I'll be paid a fair wage for slaving in a unknown time in the future?
No thanks.
Go to work or goon all day what would you do de lads?
Worker: "So this is where I press the button to print the label" 
Greg: WOW! THAT IS AMAZING. YOU PRESS THE BUTTON FOR A LABEL?!?
Worker: Yes *Fake smile while feeling incredibly dead inside* 
**Greg presses button**
Greg: THAT IS ABSOLUETLY MINDBLOWING! WOW THAT WAS AN EXPERIENCE!
watching that show makes me glad I'm not a wagie.
What show are you on about
You shouldn't need to work your way up. If I'm cleaning shit all day, I deserve a fair wage.
I'm in Kent and it would be financial suicide to work a minimum wage job and live on my own.
https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b07mddqk
Rather stay at home and be poor than go to work and be poor.
its financial suicide anywhere in the country now. almost a decade of tory rule.
get a better job than cleaning then
yeah i'll just fire myself out of the good job canon. fucking retard.
The one where they send some millionaire obnoxious slap head to make propaganda that working in warehouses actually is fun. Creepy fuck he is in real life.
literally state sponsored slavery propaganda. we make fun of china for things like that while do it too.
it's irreparable now, this is how we are expected to live. your grandparents bought their houses in their twenties.
China mogs UK hard.
live in Wales
internet 3rd world tier
leave game to download overnight like it's the year 2000
wake up and it stopped downloading
It will be done in 10 hours lads don't worry
all i can hope is we automate these places as much as possible. humans shouldn't have to sit there box packing all day.
finally download game
open it
in this time an update was released so it prompts you to download another 20 gb in updates
if everyone could do better jobs the economy would collapse
I'm on 140mbps download speed and consider that slow, then I see posts like this. Jesus lads.
I came to the conclusion that not breathing is the better option than looking at conveyer belts 10 hours a day.
And every week after that an update that takes 30 mins to install. Bring back the olden days of buying a game that was the finished product
Unemployed babby men crying about the state of everything from their childhood bedrooms
The actual state
Mine is 70mbps and even on wifi my xbox can download a full game in a few hours.
it'll be worse when they are automated. more unemployed people and reduced benefits, the government will blame the workers saying it's their fault. government will fight tooth and nail before they finally have to introduce UBI. it will happen though no matter what they do when mass complete automation becomes a reality and entire warehouses can be ran with less than 5 people in them. unfortunately i'll probably be dead by the time that happens and UBI comes along, won't be in my lifetime.
and this is our sons room...
MUM GET OUT I'M FUCKING A BIMBO UP HER ARSE, GEEZ WHY DO YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO RUIN THINGS FOR ME I'M JUST LIVING MY NEET LIFE EARNING MILLIONS WITH CRYPTO AND BANGING HOT SLUTS EVERYDAY!
When I grow up I want to be an SSM
I remember that gregg guy said on one of the episodes "you wouldn't want to do this for 12 hours a day" to a wagie with his smug grin. poor slave said "whatever puts food on the table"with his soulless smile. I bet he wanted to kill himself right there knowing some slaphead millionaire just mocked him for millions to watch.
UBI will have to happen. The uneducated will cause havoc without any suitable work.
Luckily I only do it for 8 hours a day hehehe.. heh.. he..
Just looked up Gregg Wallace, turns out that all his businesses and restaurants folded after a few years due to huge debts. But this guy goes around pretending to be some successful entrepreneur, when in reality he just parlayed his middling (and ultimately failing) businesses into a TV career which is idiot-proof. 
Can't stand people who go around patronising wagies and pretending that work and toil is somehow noble in and of itself. But this guy just seems like salt on the wound since his own schtick of 'if I can do it so can you' is based on lies.
What a fucking cunt.
the government will fight tooth and nail before they finally have to introduce UBI.
HAHAHAHAHAHA no, the government is looking for any excuse it can to expand welfare, make more people dependent on the state and formally introduce UBI and CBDC (beyond the already informal UBI of bennies - really what's the difference?).
After decades of totalitarian socialism we're gonna go full hard commie mode at some point and the powers that be are drooling at the possibilities.
Oh and immigration will not stop even then.
You work in a factory or airport lad?
Fuck me this Wallace guy gets worse the more you read about him. He's been divorced three times, fucking hell. What a loser. Why is this guy a 'thing'? Like what's his appeal?
Working class think they can be him one day.
Can't stand him. I hope he gets some allegations made against him soon from young women (he likes them young) and we finally see him vanish from the public eye.
No I don't but an airport would be the better option.
wanking off gregg wallace
Could do with a SSM birthday update
He's only 5ft 8.
Manlet baldy trying to cope by hitting the gym. Sad!
I hope SSM got that e-scooter I sent him
how many synthol injections you want mate?
yes.
Is it worth trying online dating if i'm not chad and unemployed? Sound spacker and SSM both managed it somehow so surely I can too? What's the secret?
Full time minimum wage is about 1300 rake home a month, how can you not aford to live on that?
pretty fucking sad posting your old body on social media like you're 25 still. grim.
Ssm flags 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LryopKsGJIk&amp;pp=ygULc2Vhc2lkZW1hcms%3D [Embed]
womfy gif that
luv are Aletta
A lot of luck. Most women expect a man to be the breadwinner. If you can't step up, they know there's plenty more men willing to.
What's the secret?
being on there almost 24/7 and not being picky. accept you aren't going to get someone you consider attractive. ssm spoke in the past about how he was on multiple sites messaging everyone. spundspacker would also often greentext consistently about women not replying back or ugly women ghosting him after a few messages. think of it like grinding for a rare drop in a video game, just takes a lot of time of doing the same thing for hours on end.
Mark this post. There will be some damning allegations against Gregg Wallace come to light within the next five years.
I was right about Schofield too.
Bunting bunting all the wayyyy
Fuck the image tyrants
In the bed sheets in the morning
And the busy river side, 
In the way she bares her joy, 
How she lets slip out a sigh, 
In the brief moments of stillness 
I feel immobilised, 
Confined within her gaze, 
Proud to be seen by just her eyes, 
Impatient for the words she speaks
And whatever comes next, 
Though she says it all with a hand on me, 
Placed on the backside of my neck 
I'm musing as I lay here
In her arms and in her aw, 
She guesses at my love for her,
She doesn't know it's more.
Somewhere in the UK right now a poor security sucker at a jobcentre is being filmed and educated.
Day threads are dire
You'd argue that last night's spam fiasco was better?
cum bubble. cute.
I love her sad eyes and sad smile
Its their fault for always reacting and then spending 10 minutes arguing with the autist cameraman
WFH hours have a better class of poster
millions of unwatched videos to watch and youtube keeps recommending me the same ones.
Wasnt on last night but on adverage night threads are better if slower
they'll all have the memo by now to not engage and only block them from going any further.
A mate said when that Gregg guy visited a factory he was at, staff were told he doesn't like to be spoken to off camera. Right stuck up twat.
Cant think of a gregg i like
No one posts images in the day threads
Odd
Agree that slower is mostly better. That's what /brit/ tards can't get their heads around.
Here you go mate something a bit different
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/U7gPxGNHSSA
If a foid ignores you when you ask her something politely, get out your phone, make up something like "so this girl called me a racist name, yeah look at her staying quiet now she's on camera...how do you feel about me exposing you on social media?"
Time for me shittingtonberg its going to be a fat one I can tell
Agreed, she's an absolute classic. I've got a thing for totally fake plastic bimbos and she gest it just right. Her energy and attitude in scenes is also great. 
DONT CAMERA MY POOOSIE!
I'm a WFH (WANK from Home) chad
Tory Lane is one of my all time faves. Totally insane energy on set and a complete slut. Apparently she's bonkers IRL but who gives a fuck when she's slamming her arse back on a ten inch cock and telling the guy to nut inside her like a filthy whore?
I'm a WFH (WANK from Home) chad
Get in de lad
Why won't Gregg Wallace visit my boxroom?
They don't run this board that can't tell us to stop posting images. Cunts.
I hope he's having a great day at an exciting factory.
Get in deerre my Iad
He's probably had a healthy and low cost breakfast.
Might go for a run at lunch, it's only 2k around the block.
You'll do no such thing lad, you know it, I know it, we all know it. 
Cheers x
ah i love drugscirclejerk
ordered edibles and flower
this spam lad gets happy when I turn up because he can influence someones life by spamming porn. It such a small inconvenience ur mental R KID
Im off to the pub anyway so ive done you again LMFAO. Be back tonight for the weltdown
The magic gf finally turns up and you have no idea what to do with a gf
Pretty foggy last night tbqh
Today/tonight is to be the same, something so womfty about being out in the fog in the dark
frosty thinks he's the image police 
It sad
damn who's that smol cock petite goddess, lad?
'av l pissed meself, l 'ave aven't l, look 'av pissed meself, 'av I pissed meself, I 'ave aven't I, look 'av pissed meself, 'av I pissed meself, I 'ave aven't I, look 'av pissed meself, 'av I pissed meself, I 'ave aven't I, look 'av pissed meself, 'av I pissed meself, I 'ave aven't I, look 'av pissed meself, 'av I pissed meself, I 'ave aven't I, look 'av pissed meself.
From NEET to EET, a new Channel 5 series where Gregg Wallace visits NEET scum and forces them to work in food factories
What is the point of that slap head wearing a hair net
mate, go check the archive of what the weekend was like. today is far better.
Don't know on this one de lad but if you find out let us know x
Just Fucking Kill 'Em - John Winthrop presents a new MAGAvision series where insufferable smarmy pricks who suck the cock of waging in shitty jobs for Jewish interests are forced to compete in gladiatorial-style combat against methed up homeless "people" using rusty forks.
He's still claiming to be 6 months no wamble
I'm not convinced
You're an annoying faggot. Stop scratching yourself, and do it properly.
9 image slots left
This thread is about to get shit
about to
Big talk from you there big man x
Quick lads we need more cartoon frogs to make the thread better
hope fat youtube man enjoys his birthday
Anyone here actually fucked a tranny before? I've had a go on four or five from escort sites. Kinda fun, but their moaning is always weird, like a deaf girl.
Corr id shag the arses off of these girls
Helen is taking him out for a wurger
LOL member this classic de lats
Image tyrants out!
Posting tfw no gf without an image won't be the same
See you next thread image tyrants x
No more image posting for you my leed. It a lovely.
You want a big man in your life. You genuinely are cancerous.
i just wanked to thomas
Might make flid lad have another meltdown.
Scratchy scratchy.
lollers come back and post all the loli you want. its got to be better than this ffs
He'll wake up in a pool of tears again. It funny.
Why are her jeans undone? What a whore
If you don't bully him, you're his allies.
Bunch of faggots.
Is it true? flid doesn't even use a blade, just a pin to scratch?
Just shows he has nothing of worth to add, just a spamfag.
WHO keeps spamming to the image limit?!
He has the approval of these faggots.
Silence is encouraging it.
Probably you isn't it. Barely anyone ever posts images during the day so no one's arsed.
Went for that 2k run after all. Proud of meself lads.
Everyone's a faggot, so nobody cares.
FTFY
leftover pizza for breakfast, lovely
Well done lad. More than I could manage.
thread seems a lot more pro tranny than when i stopped posting here
comfy
also what happened to the cool thread op images
There where "boring" apparently
Now Its either alcoholic fat man or some tranny , town posting was nice for OP images but that too got shot down because its not some bloke in a dress or some fat cunt endlessly repeating the same thing over and over because alcohol has destroyed his brain 
Place is in a right state, before all these wfh wankers appeared it was pretty womfy during the day
I'm such a piece of shit.
I don't want anyone to hurt themselves. What a cunt.
Turned it into a bit of a song
https://voca.ro/15sUfM9GzrNX
Reckon instead of trannies and prolapsed arses, we should have webms of tapeworms wiggling through intestines next thread
Might make a feel street edition next for old time's sake
i stopped posting here in maybe 2017 or so and now just stop in once or twice a year out of curiosity
barely recognisable
bring back townposting desu
forget the name of the lad who made them but he was cool and nice. my housemate and i made a Halloween edition with him one year
The way poley talks to his own dad is fucking disgusting.
https://streamable.com/n9poy3
Bring it back de lads
It was womfy with the holiday themed ones and the constant additions 
The lad who made them stopped posting/updating and the seethers started to complain
i have a bunch of them archived on another hard drive, maybe i should dig it out sometime
should not get back in the habit of posting here though. but was very comfy when i did, often think about it fondly. made some nice frens here too though don't speak to any of them anymore sadly
*smoke on the water plays softly in the background*
Im a fuckin top shagger la
shagged all your maws hooooles
you have ta put the work in if you wanna be a top shagger like your old da
im a shagger and youre a virgin, ahhhhhh virgin!
I am the best shagger ITT and it's not even close. I've tried to estimate how many birds I've shagged and beyond the first hundred it's hard to keep track really. I've cum in so many birds it's unreal. Fucked two and even three at a time before. Got road head plenty of times. Fucked the arses of more than half the brids I've shagged too - they just can't say no to me. Had them dress up in sexy outfits, cover themselves in oil, text their boyfriends while fucking me etc. etc.
I've done it all. I've shagged them all. I'm the best shagger ITT bar none.
anons dad could out-shag you
trannies make me gag, and i'm gay
He really couldn't; as I said, I'm the best shagger ITT bar none. Like it's honestly not even close. I have shagged so many birds in so many ways that I've basically lost my passion for it. Don't get me wrong, I still shag on the regular with a ton of birds, but it's basically mechanical at this point. I text one, they respond, we meet up, she sucks my cock, I cum in her face, then we part. I'm enjoying rising above my base needs now because pre-shagging I was an unfocussed mess, but now I have more focus, time, energy etc. to do what I want with my days without worrying about where my next shag is coming from.
Sure i've seen that copypasta eslewhere
It's not a copypasta, I just typed my Lived Experience and now it makes virgins mad.
Actually really good, did you write this?
Looks life we need a shag off to finish this once and for all
I would shag his dad into the ground, mate. I keep telling you lads that nobody shags like I do and I mean it. I've never met anyone who shags more or harder that wasn't paid to do so.
actually lad i reckon i'm the top shagger here
actually shagged someone from this thread even i'm just that potent and irresistible
I'm playing CS while I have the flu and some gay lad could tell me in my voice I'm sick and started mothering me.
Gonna add him to friends.
Just realised Worms, Germany is twinned with my town St Albans kek
New thread because this one has hit the image Iimit
we don't need a new fucking thread for more porn spam you fucking idiot
It's footspacker forcing the early thread. Shan't be moving over.
Corr nearly finished work already
What are we all having for tea then lads? Bangers and mash today I reckon. Got some lovely pork sausages from Aldi early if that's alright with you me lads.
leftover wizza i think, although only have a slice left now. fuck.
I have never had a good sausage from aldi
He's a cancerous faggot. 
His sister is right about him.
First day in the office this year tomorrow lads. Dreading it tbqh.
I have to force myself to stay up late tonight to reset my sleeping pattern to nightshift mode my plan is to drink lots of beer
my plan is to drink lots of beer
Awful plan.
Must..
Finish..
This..
Ah
Fred...
guuuhhhhhh
she walked 17 miles to skid row where she died in a trailer 2021
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dakota_Skye_(actress)
Her husband recalled times she threatened him with a knife, or when she flew to Paris "to make a sex tape with a stranger". Skye would claim to be watched by hidden cameras, a target for assassination because of an affiliation with the Kennedy family, and a victim of rape by Ron Jeremy.
Kek seemed like a fun lass
During the evening of June 8, 2021, Skye told friends and coworkers that "the FBI and the Mafia were after her [and] she was going to go become a Hells Angel biker". Everyone she called refused her a place to stay, so Skye walked from the San Fernando Valley to Los Angeles' Skid Row.
What a life
Corr love me a new thread just before dinner
Bit quiet in here int it
It's the comfy thread. What are you lads upto today?
fucking hell just attempted a singing apu post
image limit reached
not allowed to have any fun round here are we lids
because of that footmong spammer
Finished work, took my new motorbike for a spin.
Do you two have brain damage? There is a new thread
Keeping it womfy here de lid. No images. No spam. It lovely. It nice.
Do YOU have brain damage? That this a porn spam thread made early.
What kind of bike is it lad?
Kawasaki Versys, pretty comfortable ride for cruising around town
Bangers and mash went down a fucking treat let me tell you lads
Update: Aldi sausages appear to be coming out with a vengeance already corrrrr
Love havin me own personal fred ngl might start a new general just for me
I can see us getting to the point where we have two /britfeel/ threads, one slow comfy thread and one fast thread filled with porn and personality spam
Late for work this morning. This will never do, but I did me run. Didn't do as well today but that's okay cause I was achey from before. 
I'm thinkin' of playing around on a virtual synth and starting a womfey new house build in Minecraft. 
Gonna sleep well tonight lads!
That would be perfect. Tired of the spam.
Alri Offie lad
