Why is Korea so misogynistic?
Yet they willingly came to Korea to get dicked down by BKC.
Not our problem.
Its chink nature to look down on women.
You know you are reading messages written by girls who got fucked real good and dumped by Korean men.
imagine getting physically usurped by 5 foot 4 korean moids so pathetic haha.
malding 300 pound burger detected
I was raped on korean subways
only now in this jewtube comments section I realize how bad it was, at the time I was just like eh, whatever
Just proves how natural rape is for women
Eat the rice, pay the price
There's no punishment strong enough for being a koreaboo
You mean Korea isn't filled with a bunch of Kpop pretty boys who are all romantic gentlemen like in the Kdramas I watch? Wow that's crazy, I thought surface level pop culture was an accurate representation of an entire country.
I thought that place was ruled by feminists, guess they don't care about foreigners
girls wishing they got raped by korean men so bad that they start making up rape fanfiction 
kek. reminds me of the time a fangirl posted a fanfiction about getting gangraped in an elevator by a korean boyband. the police ended up investigating it and the girl admitted it was just smut fanfiction. top kek my sides.
ywn be raped by nyeongie oppa
why even live
8 of 10 korean men admit they beat their gf or wife. Why do you think Korean women stopped marrying and having children. Watch korean dramas and you'll see the worst abusive monster is the male romantic lead, he yanks, bullies, yells and manipulates till she is broken and falls in love with him. Its not just Korea though but all of asia men can do anything they want
lmao
that cant be real
really?
exaggerated
Happens when women gain too much freedom and start selecting men for masculine traits (like power and dominance) while completely ignoring traits like a good heart
8 out of 10 kolean man admit they be
ACK!
entitled hypocritical roasties complaining that they dont own the country
korean men are SPOILED
spoiled by the beauty of korean women, that they dont deserve
spoiled by stupid roasties who travel there, that they dont deserve
spoiled by society that is not feminist, which they dont deserve
the west is a literal feminist nightmare compared to korea
he yanks, bullies, yells and manipulates till she is broken and falls in love with him
god i wish that were me
It sounds like Koreans are wayyyyy more honest about what women actually want then, as compared to western audiences. All women want a handsome manipulative possessive and violent dark triad man. 
Why have 2/3 of women in the west been in an abusive relationship? Because thats the type of men women seek out of course.
Koreaboos are basically the female equivalent of weebs. The most mentally broken, rejected, and desperate people idealizing another culture due to superficial pop culture to have a sense of belonging. It's honestly sad, but even though it's fucked up, I just remember most of the girls going there are super fucked up so it isn't the worst thing ever.
yeah it was some foreign fangirl who posted smut about being gangraped in an elevator
the band ended up getting investigated and they had to track down the girl who posted it online because it was so realistic people thought it was real
turned out it was some dumb 18 year old schoolgirl who wrote out her rape fantasy 
they almost got cancelled over it, even though this was like 10+ years ago and before metoo
phewww
i wish i was kpop-looking
nah teen girls just like pop music and attractive slim prettyboys 
not that deep anon
kpop is mainstream anyway and many normies love it
See the related post>>72974590
it is not exaggerated but to be fair many women go along with this and the most popular kdrama are those with a narcissist misogynist male lead
lol cope.
Its just like any other boyband. u just mad cause they like pretty boy koreans and not ur ugly chud ass.
a korean woman knows not to accuse a korean man of rape.
You're just agreeing with me, boy bands have always been a thing, and kpop is just another form of that. Another subculture of koreaboos have spawned from it though, which attracts broken people desperate for an out from the west where they were rejected. 
Every koreaboo I've ever met has been noticeably mentally ill and/or fat. You're probably just butthurt about that reality since you're asian
Koreaboos are mental, they aren't like the girls that like *insert western boyband here* . 
The whole Kpop thing works on very dangerous parasocial experiences that turn the singers and the support to their careers into a emotionally manipulative strategy to milk the fans. 
The people who fall for it have really big emotional issues
sigh why is my nyeongie so sweet and perfect, even to ugly aspie korean femcels he behaves like a gentleman, i love him 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DXLjcLhipo [Embed]
more armchair psychology nonsense
just admit you are mad your little sister rubs her clit to Jin
marketing boybands to teen girls is le bad because
IT JUST IS OKAY 
cope, every generation of women loved charming celebrity prettyboys in their youth. you sound ugly and jealous, maybe because only 35 year old roasties will settle for you.
are you some kind of autist or aspie?
Gross, just know I'd punch your face in if you said that to me irl. Besides my sister is older than me and married to a white guy. It always makes me laugh how asian guys are so desperate to reflect the insecurity they feel via the asian girls they know riding white cock onto white guys. All your insults and racebaits just fall flat because we both know the reality of what happens irl. Hell I'm on r9k and even I had asian girls come onto me really hard in college simply because I'm 6' tall and white.
t. jealous boys trying to detract credit from K-Pop and prop up western pop as to cope
even amongst pretty boys, K-Pop is on a whole other level
fun fact: your sisters and aunties or maybe even mother have rubbed their clits to V Taehyung
turns people finding asians hot into an entire thesis 
Your insecurity is showing anon. Japanese girls are pretty and Korean guys are hot. Nothing more to it. Keep consuming your nigger infested western media and trash shows like Euphoria though.
Why are you that butthurted over widely know facts? Are you a Koreaboo? Should you just sign for MAID instead of being angry all the time for minor things?
we both know the reality of what happens irl
hes coping again trying to group up SEAmonkeys and Koreans as "Asians"
You will never be Korean, chud.
t. samefagging jealous boy trying to poison this thread and put down Koreans
No one mentioned race, let alone ytbois, and youre here saying that shit
are you insecure?
Korea is a vassal state that is guided along a certain path to act as buffer against China. That's it. Our leaders know their true nature.
immediately outed himself as a seething white guy 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, i actually thought this was a girl for a sec because you sound like one, anyway, opinion disregarded, it was clear you really are just jealous :)
ITT Cuckasoids malding once again cause they are pushing 30 and balding with a beer belly
I don't have anything against girls that like Japanese/Korean male starts, specially if it's not a big genre
It's the whole parasocial bs that goes around with kpop idols. Same reason I dislike the whole /vt/ thing. It's not healthy
Why you moids so controlling? What your sisters, aunties, and female friends rub to are non of your business. Why does it offend you that women love K-Pop?
IT. HAS. NOTHING. TO. DO. WITH. YOU. AND. YET. YOU'RE. OFFENDED.
Seems like I poked the insect nest. I may be a loser, but at least I'll never be insecure enough to obsessively post racebait on r9k to cope with seeing my own women flock to white Chads while I remain alone. Most white guys feel the seething jealousy of western asian men, who are of course too pussy to do or say anything irl. I'd feel bad for you guys if you weren't such cunts.
this. 
i just wanna look at beautiful people. 
i dont wanna see niggers or degen busted fat uggos in my media. 
when my oppa was on a western interview show i was so embarrassed because the interviewer ladies were some annoying loud wrinkly bitch and some obese nigger lady.
korean oppas must have such a bad impression of the west, im so sorry oppas. i wish everything was clean and pretty like korean media.
"its actually because morals"
nope. your crusade against kpop is personal.
youre not helping anyone.
its non of your business.
non korean cuckasoid babble.
something something im cumskin loser something something
anyways
calls other people insecure
writes psychology thesis based on his own schizo projecting nonsense because he got mogged by some gooks
Ok retard.
I'll never be insecure enough to obsessively post racebait on r9k to cope
First, you assume out of nowhere that I post racebaits. Where are the racebaits? if there are even, why do you think I take part in them.
Second, you call me obsessively coping, and yet here you are poisoning a thread with unnecessary postings.
Is anyone here actually "insecure" and "obsessively racebaiting" as to "cope"? I know I haven't, and for the K-postings that I've seen here, most have only mild talking points at most (granted, I've just gotten back from a 4chan-hiatus).
It's mostly that the threads get raided by seethers that it descends into toxicity.
I don't have any crusade. I'm just giving my POV on a social issue. 
Don't be so overdramatic. Seek help if you struggle with your emotions
https://voca.ro/1nXk0Y6sUwPI
instantly three replied all within a minute 
You retards are weak and get together to cope about your failures. You can't even stand up for yourself in an anonymous thread, needing to group up and signal the group like insects. That's why your women don't want you, you are low test unironically.
sigh why are so many people in the west so fat and ugly
my nyeongie looks like a prince among peasants 
no, i just thought it was cute he was so nice to her, even though its just for tv lul
korean stacies love korean men, only the ugly femcels dislike korean men because they got rejected. all asian women prefer korean men as their first option. 
1 in 10 japanese women visit korea each year just to ride the korean cock carousel. millions of white horses come every year to find their korean rider.
pov of anon
im not korean lol
someone really made it their job to spot out korean threads instead of hiding the threads, and put so much effort and time into thwarting them
hi stormy
take ur own advice retard and hide it and stop coming in here everyday then.
White boys are so insecure and fragile they insert themselves into threads where nobody even mentioned them and write armchair psychology thesis on why millions of young girls rub their clits to handsome Korean men, all because they didnt get attention for 0.5 seconds.
Kek, so pathetic.
 basing your beliefs about korea around soap operas
hearty kek
She pulled that stat our of her ass though
i enjoy these threads, no need to hide
koreans and k-threads hurt you, and you obsessively and unhealthily attack these threads and cope in them. you need to hide the threads
spoiled by society that is not feminist, which they dont deserve
AHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
the country that was briefly ruled by a feminist cult isn't feminist
he ended it with 
A-ASIAN GIRLS LOVE ME BTW BECAUSE IM WHITE 
too. Typical mayocel coping. Any Asian girl who likes white guys is fat, ugly or mentally ill SEA monkey with daddy issues.
1 in 10 japanese women visit korea
do you have any evidence of this? just curious
u mad asian boy? we are taking all your 2/10s, whatchu gon do about it?
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA OHNONONONO WHITEBROS
Here is the coping
president is right winger
80% of korean zoomer men voted right
MUH FEMINIST COUNTRY!
extreme feminism rised in the country due to the country being ultra right winged u retard jfl at this low iq burger
majority of those "americans" are korean americans also.
japanese waifu is for koreans only.
Based nig hater femanon.
thread turns into shitshow pissing contest between insecure incels 
sigh
wonder how many white people warned these girls not to go there but were just blown off as racist chuds. like white women that travel to india who then proceed to get raped by 20 men. do women lack critical thinking skills?
This is what happens when the jannies ban some kinds of bait (Leebait), but not others (racebait). The ones that people can get away with are spammed to hell and back.
believing women
NGMI
Euphoria
Jesus, fuck you for reminding me of that shit. That trash heap was disgusting.
it was just ytbois that started a shitshow and was propagating it
Is it any wonder more and more people are turning to Korean dramas instead of watching shows about a bunch of whores, druggies, trannies and nogs being degenerates?
I don't know. I keep my head out of every shit like Euphoria. It was the internet rage about it that forced that cesspit down my throat.
Don't worry with how Westernized Korea is compared to any other Asian country. It won't be too long til it becomes Jewish.
White whores that are flocking to Korea are slowly spreading their shit ideology everywhere from LGBT to Feminism.
desperate for an out from the west where they were rejected.
With the way the west is headed, no wonder. 
I dont blame weebs or koreaboos for wanting to escape this dystopian hellhole and love somewhere with low crime, low obesity and way less immigrants.
what do you mean dont you want to watch nogs say fuck white people on your tv while wanting to date a white woman because their women are so ugly
Because women are subhuman (Koreans are correct in this instance)
Hot, Im down &lt;3
Spam every thread for weeks on end day and night unprovoked 
Seethe when people mock you in threads now unprovoked
i just watched this and that jiyoung guy is so sweet
the korean girl is kinda aspie like you said, but still pretty adorbs
chuds on imageboards hate this place because it's a fully americanized globohomo feminist country where all the men are castrated
foids who come here whine about how backward, patriarchal, macho and racist it is
it's all so tiresome
emphasis on "fully amEricAnizeD"
subtle but heavy meaning slurs on Korean men
misogynistic tone (trying to shift the hostility from ytbois to women ITT)
all while trying to suggest that a Korean made this post
just hide the thread. why do you even come back. this thread was on its way to getting archived
If foids hate it then you're doing something right at least
t. korean-insecure pigskin
Not sure what you mean by this
I just hate women
t. insecure2korean mayopig
western women should experience real misogyny for once so that they STFU
for once
For once and for EVER
t. insecure2korean mayopigskin
there is a girl nextdoor jerkin to kpop btw
(theyre derailing)
mayopigs are thinking of more ways to raid
they'll be back in
3...
2..
1.
korea enacts systemic racism against foreigners
only white people can be racist
koreans are white people
Did I do it right? Is my SJW math correct?
ikr my nyeongie is an angel &lt;3
its even worse cause their superior to white people. luckily theres not that many of them.
K-Pop is honestly so based. My sister got depressed one time, and I suggested her to check out this K-Pop thing since it was the rage within the girls in my school. Next thing I realize, her life got brightened up by it, she has K-Pop as an enjoyable pastime, and she can safely release sexual tension jerking off to Korean men. At least this way, no one can make use of her youth and puberty-induced high sex drive to manipulate her; she can just vent those feelings to K-Pop.
I'm happy for her, bros.
it was the rage within the girls in my school
Is this really a thing in the West? I can imagine teen girls going crazy for Ed Sheeran or Harry Styles but kpop? Srs?
Ed sheeran Harry styles
Both of them are ugly af
undermines kpop
props up ytbois
tfw
i used to like harry styles way back then but now hes just..... kinda gross
but its not like i liked him that much before anyways so i dont know.
no offense
kpop this
pop that
prettyboys down there
niggers
eat real music
try rap
Yeah the sissy and queerbaiting stuff is getting out of hand. Plus he is losing his youthful looks. He looks like a haggot now.
puhh lease, nogs and retards
i recomment you try: youtube.com/watch?v=S9bCLPwzSC0&amp;pp=ygULbW9ja2luZ2JpcmQ%3D [Embed]
It has it's niche with art girls, fujos and for some reason black girls. 
Average girls usually listen to slut indoctrination like Ariadna Grande what's worse
minhos dibidibidis>>>>>>>>Eminem and the beatles
do not click
youtube.com/watch?v=4LfJnj66HVQ&amp;pp=ygUIbGlsIHB1bXA%3D [Embed]
Based Koreans. Stay out.
tfw based Koreans dont give a HECK about non-Korean womyn.
B A S E D
na, Koreans have no interest in YT womyn
Apologies, frens. My namefag just bugs sometimes. This is my real one.
west and north europeans are the only people whose cultures predominantly take a stance in favor of women
your perspective is flawed
Hello~~
my dear fembots...
Remember, this world is rotten. Every single place on it. It's fine to desire certain men and go through lengths to fuck them, but protect yourselves.
desuarchive.org/r9k/search/tripcode/%21P4.z0GjS42/order/asc/
t. Real Korean
"ACK! woman bad! woman bad! woman!"
"hurt them! hurt them! hurt them!"
*Koreans abuse women*
"Koreans bad! Koreans bad! Koreans bad!
"Are you seeing this fembo-ACK!!!"
lmao at sea hapa racist
lol you dumb
korean have dick, korean use dick
fuck any woman who wanna fuck, just no fat and ugly
lol he actually hapa
makes sense
oh my goodness. all these YT goofballs seething hard.
Foreigners STAY OUT!
Koreans ONLY date Koreans
Don't be racist, SEA hapaman. I like White women just as much as Japanese women.
no, Korean men have no interest in non-Korean Women.
lmao, if i were hapa like Roger id be simping for basic YT womyn
72977187
72977196
raaaaaaaaciiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssttttttttt!!!!!
stormyyyyyy roooooddddgggeerrr!!!!!!!
(possible full-burger who is self hating tho)
"s-stop disagreeing with us!"
lmao, YTs are so fragile and pathetic once you clearly point out that you have no interest in them.
Stormy, will I ever be Korean?
i am south koream 
originally, korea was always the most patriarchal society in east asia
and i do not know why that these koreaboos is being mad from what they wanted (being fucked by a korean boy).
i went as a transgirl to korea and not only they were super transphobic but also a lot were very inappropriate
lmao, y u scared to reply boi?
but you are the biggest koreaboo stormy
did they grope your tight white bussy on the train?
boomer moment
every single video they release has 1.5 billion views on youtube
been to the white house
snl
late night tv shows in the west
All this without speaking a lick of english.
WHUT KPOP IS POPULUH IN DUH WEST?
Have you been living under a rock gramps?
queue the YT, mentally ill circus crying over not being Korean
lel. im so glad that Korea is this based:
Will I ever be Korean though?
https://voca.ro/1lUtCe7TM4f0
Stop trying to project ur narrow ideologies and worldviews onto a country that has been Homogenous for thousands of years that JUST recently opened its door to the world.
This is exactly what i mean when i said White whores and tranny faggots are spreading their ghey ass fag ideologies onto Korea while traveling here.
This is the con of pussy.
Yea its great we get more recognition from chicks, but now they infiltrated korean society and spreading their cumskin ideas to kimchi bitches.
Kim Soo Hyun has acted opposite some seriously beautiful Korean actresses. But he always looks bored and like he is ignoring him. When he did a photoshoot with Kaya in 2012 he got really flustered and shy, and admitted she was his ideal type. That was cute and first time I saw his composure get interrupted. She hit the wall after that pretty hard though, so it wasnt going to work out. Once you go Korean you cant go back.
you kinda sound like that one streamer who lives in Canada and plays rogues/hunters on WoW.
Payo
kek. Korean men have no interest in non-Korean womyn. thats why its not working
Yes, but will I ever be Korean?
Ignoring them**
Anyway Kim Soo Hyunnie is my backup husband if my Nyeongie dies, I will remarry with him.
Can I be a Korean mans mistress? I dont mind if he cucks me with Kacey.
can you even blame Korea? who would want you YT basket cases to travel to their country, lel
no. you can stay out of Korea.
Yeah. Sorry about that. I will channel all my energy into worshipping Korean men. I dont mind being a cuckqueen and simp for Chad Kim, even if he rejects me.
Yes you are. Not like Stormy the koreaboo over here.
mental basket cases.
hey, just ignore this sea hapaguy. hes a just a gatekeeping non-korean koreaboo. youre just letting him demoralize you for no reason
What's with all the kims in here?
I know that I actually am. I was just trolling his retarded brain. Look, he's too scared to even reply, let alone say no.
Because he's a SEA hapaman.
no i'm just an another south korean boy
i know i can have as many western or asian girlfriends as if i want
but i have no desire to date koreaboos for that reason
they are sure to fit me in there with their korean boyfriend fantasies built up with kdrama and kpop
and i know they just love my country, culture, not me
even if not me, someone better-looking than me in my country will replace me
My Korean husbandos are so handsome.
You know the drill.
Vocaroo.
I'm currently sick, so voice sounds odd.
https://voca.ro/1gcO3k30pjFr
But Stormy keeps calling either a nigger or a YTboi! ;'(
I thought I sounded Azn! ;'(
Can I fraudmaxxx? ;'(
white girlfriends
no you cant
I posted one yesterday but I deleted it cuz I sounded cringe
I dont watch kdramas much but if the lead actor is handsome I will. 
This scene was very beautiful and sweet. 
My Nyeongie is such a handsome prince.
Watch korean dramas and you'll see the worst abusive monster is the male romantic lead, he yanks, bullies, yells and manipulates till she is broken and falls in love with him.
Excellent post.
This female sexual fantasy targeted towards women after extensive market research shows male leads that physically abuse women are popular
the day the mayo got their mind broken
Stormy called me a SAsian poo!
;'(
Will I be Korean, Stormy?
Sick, btw.
Voice sounds odd.
https://voca.ro/1gcO3k30pjFr
i've already received a dozen of cringe messages from several american and european zoomer girls on the international friendship site
and i didn't even send them a reply
hahahaha 'Stormy, SEA hapaman' is being extra careful. comon buddy. let me also btfo you
you ez bitch
He is too handsome. I shouldnt be allowed to look at him for free. I should have to pay money to see this much beauty.
Falls for kpop shit
Goes to Soi.Korea
Gets sexually abused and raped
Finally realizes it's still a shithole
Cries on soc.media
And I should feel sorry for these retarded whores why?
Its fake news fanfiction made up by wishful whores. They got rejected by Korean men and resort to false rape allegations.
LOL, white women are so useless that even a beta Korean male that looks like a 12 year old boy with a bowl cut can still overpower them. Sure is embarrassing.
I'm Bluey.
Sick, voice sounds nasally.
https://voca.ro/1gcO3k30pjFr
Come on Stormy, SEA hapaman... Talk to me, mang.
I'll teach you tips and tricks about Hangul if you prove that you're a SEA hapaman (or a self-hating pure burger).
Soi.Korea
You worship Trannies, allow LGBT ideologies, openly worship niggers... watch cuck porn
The only soi here is you... soi boi.
the face of a girl who has NO interest in asian men
BRUTAL
Koren and foreign women call it a misogynist country
Korean and foreign men call it a misandrist country
They flood you with "proof", mostly anecdotes of why they are right
Yep, it seems like I won't know what's really happening because of it. Probably it's just a shithole full of idealism and Manichaeism as always.
stormy degrades everything lol.
watch as how he ented this thread and the average iq dropped to 0
emilie marie nereng
nigga who?
Would anyone like a dan-gam?
Femanon, don't waste your time. This is /r9k/.
And especially don't waste your time on Stormy, SEA hapaman. He seems to have demoralized you some, because you fell for his Koreaboo LARP.
Watch out guys, we have an internet mind reader here.
You got EVERYTHING wrong about me, but keep trying.
Practice makes perfect after all.
Cute. He has potential.
Sure thing Amerimutt Sure thing.
She looks like a vapid whore who fucks black guys
some of them were good looking
they were mostly american, french, swedish, finnish, polish and russian girls though
i am not really into western girls btw
tfw all these YTs literally crying out for my (You)'s
its so cringe
Oh dont worry. Nothing could ever perturb me from simping for my oppas.
Kek an underrated comment right here
"JBW" racebaits = 0 replies
BBC racebaits = 50 replies
Korean racebaits = 100s of replies
kek at ytbois
Well that's because you slant eyed racebaiters have the decency to argue back, everyone else just post the thread and fuck off back to r*ddit or whatever they came from not even bothering to look at the replies.
"nuh uhh, its you"
"its because we want last word and because we hurt that we get baited"
"its your fault im offended"
a ytboi made the op post btw
What the fuck are you on about you deranged little spastic? It was a compliment, you guys at least respond and argue in your own threads, the others can't even be fucked to look at the thread after posting it. Relax, take a deep breath.
Retarded fucking mayopigskin. Its because you keep replying and seething that these racebaiters love reposting and replying. Youre cheap
Its even a balding agelet mayo that posted OP
Holy shit you spergs are on a hair trigger, see >>72978735 it was a POSITIVE post.
Just be Portuguese truth = infinite replies
0.78 kids per woman in 2022
I'm sorry I can't hear you over how little your women want to fuck you.
Come back when your birthrates reach at least 1
European birth rates are even lower than that, they just get raised by immigrants and Muslims. Norway for instance only has a population of 5.5 million. Out of that, nearly a million of them are immigrants and refugees.
Why is Korea so misogynistic?
have you ever talked to a woman, how could you not be kek
Bunch of soi korean seething
I'm sorry little ladyboy, but my country has birthrates of 1.6 with basically no immigrants.
Meaning that our men are twice as fuckable and popular by women when compared with soi korean "men".
It's just math and science, and numbers don't lie.
I hope you understand, nothing personal.
Why is Korea so misogynistic?
Pic related
I will solve the population crisis, since I plan to be a quiverfull Christian wife for my Korean husband. I want at least 25 kids by him.
basically no immigrants
Stopped reading there, obvious lies. Go suck off Abdullah and Bilal, Eurocuck.
BKC
That 1 million figure covers both immigrants and their descendants, which includes the 2nd and 3rd generation ones with birth rates more or less equal to the native population. Muslim immigrants and their descendants are 350k of that 1 million, which is not enough to double the birth rates for the entire country.
only 350K Muslims who breed like rabbits in my tiny country bro
Jesus. Lmao white are beyond cucked.
BKC
Korean ''men'' are turbo dicklets. They have the smallest penises in the world.
I was just pointing out the mistake you made in your stats, but I gu