how are YOU preventing this from happening?
why would I care what happens after i am ded and what do your cig have to with it anyway?
I have a reminder in my calendar every 3 months to remind people that I work with to check up on me at my house if i have 2 consecutive unannounced absences from work to make sure i'm still alive. Also, I don't live in an apartment complex. I'm pretty sure my body will be found pretty quick.
are you stupid? i'm shortening my life span to prevent this from happening
Or why not find someone to post a letter to them, like every 2 months(put 10 dollars in it), and if you don't send that letter have them call a number to see of you are alive
like an insurance policy that you control
I smoke cigarettes only when I'm drinking desu plus my parents or worst case scenario if they aren't alive, my employers would know I'm dead
So you think SMOKING will kill you fast enough that you not alone then? What is there nowm your parents? lulz, better upgrade to heroin or something
my employers
when you're retired?
like who? i'm sure as shit not sending my money to strangers
the average life span here is 80. if we subtract 15 years (from smoking) we reach 65 which coincidentally is the age of retirement. retirement will be literal hell with an unhappy ending which is what i'm trying to prevent.
unironically not as toxic as cigarettes. the only real danger is chronic constipation or getting something cut with fentanyl which will lead to overdose.
Some guy asked Diogenes what he wished done with his body when he died, Diogenes told him to simply throw his body over the city's walls so the wolves could eat it. When asked if this is really what he wanted an annoyed Diogenes left additionally instructions to have his body given a large stick to fight off the wolves. When it was sagely pointed out that he wouldn't be able to fend off wolves with a stick when he was dead, Diogenes snarkily replied "If I lack the ability to use a weapon when dead, would I really care what happens to my body?"
You're misinterpreting my post. I don't want to live to be old and alone
