Just found out my sister who I thought was a good person, is planning on having an abortion and even refers to her pregnancy as the "thing", justifies it on having unprotected sex with her bf as a "woopsie" and she needs to manifest a good life after getting this "thing" out of her. I tried my best to guide her in the right direction bros, but at the end of the day she's just another woman of her time. I fucking hate this clown world.
Are you gonna look after it once its born? No? Then stfu.
I lost my gf over something like that, merely knowing I was pro-life was enough for her to dump me. She gave me a bunch of bullshit reasons but I know that was the one that mattered the most, "we have different values" she said. Damn right, she was brainwashed and I wasn't. She'll probably end up knocked up by some moron and will have that abortion and the PTSD that comes with it.
It's all part of the behavioral sink, anon. We truly are living in the end times
Dude it was not your semen. So decision is fully hers and her bf. Live your life and let your sister abort this useless sack of meat.
Are you going to take care of my mistake? no? Then stfu.
You would think the parents would, you know, take responsibility, over murdering their immediate family. They didn't even use contraceptives at all. Makes me sick how careless they were. I want to physically beat up the motherfucker, but what good would it do.
It boggles my mind that people choose an orgasm over their own unborn child, what's worse dehumanize them like a parasite.
I haven't spoken to my sister since and I think she knows I'm mad about her about something.
You and your sexhaver sister are both subhumans, and the chad that knocked her up is obviously not thinking about anything except for his next fuck and his next high. It would be merciful for the baby subhuman. I don't care about abortion. It doesn't affect me, and I don't associate with casual sexhavers. If someone is being aborted, good for them, they are spared the cruelty of a lifetime with subhuman genetics.
on a basket weaving butt sex forum
not subhuman
kek
A lot of cuck boys in this thread. I'm sorry for you OP if my sister did that I could never look at her the same again, unless she was raped or something
a fat guy can't see that another guy is fat 
Wow, hehe haha, that's so funny that a subhuman is calling out a subhuman for stressing over abortion. Hehe haha, topkek zozzle
casual sexhavers
sex havers
This has to be bait, cause this is the most incel-y shit I've seen in quite some time.
Nothing wrong with having an abortion.
Thank you I appreciate that, it hurts desu, idk if she will even stay with this guy afterwards, from what I hear she's reluctant on having sex with him until they get the "thing" out. She's also not allowing him to fuck without condoms now. Like just wtf are those gonna do now lol. 
Yes there is and you're lying to yourself about it, and unfortunately my sister bought into you soulless fuck's BS.
It's a fetus retard
You'd blow up a raft full of refugees fleeing your government's wars if you could but you pretend to be moral when your retard whore sister doesn't want to raise a zygote
Kys cringe cuck
You'd blow up a raft full of refugees fleeing your government's wars if you could
That's a hell of an accusation, you sound unhinged. 
It's a fetus retard
That's obvious, what's also obvious is your deflection of the fact that its her fetus which is her unborn child's life. Stating its insert developmental stage of life____ doesn't change that fact.
You're the same pussy worshipper from the other thread, aren't you?
There is a side to abortion that no one likes to talk about anons. Sometimes, it really is antisocial behavior. The woman understands that it is selfish and destructive, and does it for those reasons. Sort of like having an abortion because she's angry at the world. 
But, the abortion isn't the end of it, it's a part of a cycle of antisocial outlooks and personal problems.
I hope you are in Texas, that's an easy $10k
She made the right call
Your sister sounds like a reckless skank, so it's probably for best that she's getting an abortion. One less welfare moocher.
Abortions are a moral GOOD.
Irrefutable proof attached.
I think it's good to have consistent values, but I think it's her business. It's her child. It's her that would have to birth it. You have no role in that decision. I think it's alright to express that you personally disagree, but I don't think you really have the ability to empathize with her since you'll never have to go through that.
women aborting things i dont like = good
women aborting things i value = bad
women aborting = bad
women = bad
QED 3 bad > 1 good; women bad.
FAGGOT FAGGOT FAGGOT FAGGOT
LIBTARD
LIBARTD
fuck you
oregane
I'm not liberal or gay, I just have consistent ideas and basic social skills
Social skills are made up women shit. Those blessed with the light of reason should lord over those who, like OPs sister, act like retarded animals
Your political beliefs are completely disconnected from reality, which is why they're not efficacious. OP freaking out on his sister about her abortion isn't going to prevent her from getting an abortion, it's just going to burn the bridge between them. It's none of his business and there's absolutely nothing he can do about it short of like holding her at gunpoint for 9 months or something.
His sister is incapable of freedom and should be a slave, correct. You think like a woman.
So what? We kill people all the time, it's dishonest to pretend like we as a species or a culture actually value human life beyond the moment it crosses a line we deem it too unsalvageable or inconvenient. It's better for her to have the abortion and get her life together then go on to have a wanted child when she's stable than almost certain condemn herself to a lifetime of misery and hardship that comes with the way a child you're not ready for leaves you frozen in place unable to progress.
Faggot demoralized wall of text poster
Ban abortion ban birth control
Complete abolition of the sexual revolution now
Just invent a uterus transplant, transplantation of embryos into someone else's uterus, give birth to the child yourself and care for it yourself. That would be the best thing to do.
Do you honestly believe that this sort of thing will ever happen? Maybe you have some fantasy that society will collapse and then you can enact it, but in such a case there's no point advocating it here and now. Whether she should be a slave or not, that's just a fantasy about something you want that will never happen. This is what I mean about being disconnected from reality.
wall of text
It was 2 sentences ADHD retard
And you're just replying to everyone's dissenting replies with cringey seething
OP, know that abortion is evil. You are correct and should ignore everyone stating otherwise.
You would think the parents would, you know, take responsibility, over murdering their immediate family. They didn't even use contraceptives at all. Makes me sick how careless they were. I want to physically beat up the motherfucker, but what good would it do.
And you'd think you'd step up and agree to give birth to and raise the kid rather than open your dumbfuck mouth about other people's business.
If a new family member joins it's a families duty to help raise that child. I'm her family therefore it's obvious I would help. Idk what kind of gotcha you're trying to strawman here or are projecting as to how dysfunctional your own family is like but it's more telling on how you yourself would be a dead beat family member rather than this image of me you're being hostile towards.
People are monsters and don't care about the long-term consequences of their actions. People that are pro-abortion have something wrong with them mentally.
Anon's sister is getting an abortion
Meanwhile I just wanna have a family
ow
no man is an island. the welfare of a child is everyone's business. 
if you get an abortion, it should be like driving drunk: you lose your right to ever have children in the future because you've demonstrated you cannot care for them.
 its still life
No shit buddy, but its not a child. Just a parasitical cancer growth on your body. And in case you didnt know, yes, tumors are alive too, just as every cell in your body. Now what? Not every life is inherently valuable.
inebt uterus transplant
It already exists
I hate roasties but not existing in 10 times better than having a shit life
can you imagine having a whore as your mother ?
It is by definition a human life, another word for young humans is child
Ita not a child, because you can only be child as a social category. A fetus does not have social position, its "human life" is not existent at this point.Its just a tumour on others body.
A pupa is not a butterfly, despite them being same species.
It biologically is existent and human
A fetus fits every logical definition of the word child I can find, are you using a definition you made up because it feels right to you? You kinda sound like a female or a tranny/"male" feminist
it's one thing to execute a criminal who has been tried and convicted by a jury of his peers
It's one thing to kill enemy soldiers in a war
it's another thing to kill your own unborn child
I can see you also support post birth abortion
after all few month old babies are just a parasitical drain
I tried my best to guide her in the right direction bros, but at the end of the day she's just another woman of her time
How could you know the right direction without ever having sex? You have no experience here
this has got to be one of the stupidest things ive read on this board. even if this is trolling, im still blown away by how retarded it is.
yes because they save cattle etc
that's not always the case, see
https://medium.com/the-story-in-history/sanjus-twin-was-trapped-in-his-stomach-for-36-years-4adc5ad27b49
criminal
enemy soldiers
Not talking about either of those, I'm talking about innocent people. American soldiers gun down innocent middle easterners on the regular, including kids. This has been reported on to death, the average American couldn't care less.
Blacks only care about blacks killed by police, they don't care about their own people when it's killing each other
Tons of people will outright cheer over the death of someone with different political opinions
Pro-lifers don't care if that baby they forced the woman to have lives a life of suffering and poverty and starvation, the moment it's out of the womb they stop caring about it
Etc etc. Humans do not and have never valued human life the moment it stops meeting certain conditions
I have had sex took every precaution even pulled out with a condom and made her take plan b. I realized then and there I don't want to risk bringing a kid into this world with someone I'm not at least engaged with.
Abnormal dead end mutation makes up the rule
Your the same disingenuous sociopaths who advocate for abortion because less than 5% of women who get one are raped, the rest are due to selfish inconvenience.
one less nigger in the world
I don't see the problem. You can bitch and moan but the reality is that when push comes to shove you won't put a penny into that monstrosity. Just mind your own business.
Actions done by powers outside of our control somehow justifies my own lack of morality when I fuck like a stupid animal and decide to just kill my parasite maybe even multiple times because it's sparing them erm I mean "it"
name a notfag
You need to get rid of the name anon. You clearly aren't very bright and it's best not to have your online persona associated with all these extremely low IQ takes and poor reasoning skills.
Actions done by powers outside of our control somehow justifies my own lack of morality when I fuck like a stupid animal and decide to just kill my parasite maybe even multiple times because it's sparing them erm I mean "it"
Actually seething kek
Ask yourself in the most serious way: is my sister fit to be a mother. Be honest about your answer. If its no, then abortion is a mercy.
No, pointing out a flaw in your rationalization is not seething. Your lack of a proper response is though.
NTA faggot kek
I used to think she would be one day, but the fact they were careless and among other things I've mentioned it's clear to me she's not the good person I thought her to be, in fact I'm starting to believe she's two faced based on how I got my info.
Eat shit you fucking nigger 
if a boat full of white people parked off your country of Bombistan it would get fucking disintergrated 
stop forcing us to have morals and your shithole homeland can keep being nigger central for all eternity dickhead
Sure Anon, how many "keks" do you think you have to post before we don't think your a unhinged "newfag"?
Thank you for your kind words
orignal
I never said anything about justification. I don't think it's morally correct or justified. I'm saying that it's so obnoxious how people will pretend to care about humanity in general for the sake of arguments when we all know full well deep down people just don't care about other people most of the time.
Is it wrong? Sure. Is it murder? Yeah, I guess you could call it that, I don't take issue with calling it that.
But at the end of the day, do I truly care about the fetus/baby/whatever? No. And neither do you. Much like pro-choicers don't actually care about women. I'm sure there are some individuals out there who truly care about babies/women, but for the vast majority on this issue, that is not the case.
Abortion is better for society because at the end of the day the babies being aborted are undesirables. Right-wingers hate abortion so much and yet almost all of the babies aborted would have been the exact types of people they hate the most: largely nonwhite, low income, statistically almost certainly destined to become criminals and drug addicts and welfare leeches. The cognitive dissonance is absolutely astounding
Yo nigga where you get this pic I posted this shit on hear like a month ago
Maybe on here like everyone? Are you OC?
