You lied to me, /r9k/. You NEETS always talk about having great lives and getting laid by wagekek's gfs. I quit my job today that I actually liked. I thought my oneitis would be more attracted to me and see my independence and passion for life. My onetis is also engaged, but NEETS have said that even loyal gfs would fuck them while the guy was at work. I called her up saying it was an emergency and I needed to come see her. She invited me over and I sperged out and told her I quit my job because I would guarantee to take care of her and spend time with her unlike her fiance, and that love comes first before work, and that jobs suck the life of people and I am no longer a slave. She was nice but let me down.. I further dropped my spaghetti and told her she was the only innocent woman left in my life. She giggled and told me she and her fiance go to SWINGERS CLUBS EVERY WEEK. I'm basiclly a mess at this point, and for some reason ask if I can join (even though I'm single). She says no, couples only, and then I tell her I will kill myself if she doesn't hook me up with o e of her friends (I know, I was direct, but crying and not thinking straight too.) at least she said she would try.
I quit my job today that I actually liked.
I honestly do not see how "a job that you like" can be anything other than a contradiction in terms. 
and getting laid by wagekek's gfs
lol wut?
Too good to be real
My onetis is also engaged
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
I've enjoyed working in someplaces. Comes down to coworkers and what it is you have to do.
Good coworkers make wagecucking tolerable.
Go fuck yourself ausfreak
https://derpibooru.org/82822
Also worth noting that OP (ausfreak) copied and pasted the entire OP text nearly word-for-word from this old-ass /r9k/ thread from 2015.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/24575207
You lied to me, /r9k/. You NEETS always talk about having great lives and getting laid by wagekek's gfs. I quit my job today that I actually liked. I thought my oneitis would be more attracted to me and see my independence and passion for life. My onetis is also engaged, but NEETS have said that even loyal gfs would fuck them while the guy was at work. I called her up saying it was an emergency and I needed to come see her. She invited me over and I sperged out and told her I quit my job because I would guarantee to take care of her and spend time with her unlike her fiance, and that love comes first before work, and that jobs suck the life of people and I am no longer a slave. She was nice but let me down.. I further dropped my spaghetti and told her she was the only innocent woman left in my life. She giggled and told me she and her fiance go to SWINGERS CLUBS EVERY WEEK. I'm basiclly a mess at this point, and for some reason ask if I can join (even though I'm single). She says no, couples only, and then I tell her I will kill myself if she doesn't hook me up with o e of her friends (I know, I was direct, but crying and not thinking straight too.) at least she said she would try.
kys
Reply to this post if Barneyfag brought you here
it's other way around 2bh
Don't reply to me or my post ever again
my job today that I actually liked
This is where the whole story falls down.
i really dont care about that over9000
THE OUTBACK WILL BE FUCKING NUKED AUSFREAK
You won't be great
brain damaged
btw attacking people who don't like a show is perfectly normal, and more people should be like me!
SUFFOCATE YOURSELF
I hope you'll die
Brutally and I would
Certainly love watching it
Happen it would give
Much relief and satisfaction
Knowing your bullshit would
Come to an end
And it is unfortunate
You still exist since
By no means do
You deserve to you've
Done nothing to justify
Your existence or even
Go up another level
On the food chain
You've just remained bottom-of-the-barrel
Scum that never deserved
To exist and your
Continued gaslighting only brings
More reasons why you
Should die since your
Actions shouldn't be emulated
For whatever reasons you
Consider your behaviour a
Model for others to
Follow which demonstrates your
Delusions considering how you
Still believe yourself aS
This great person by doing so
YY0WR
I legit hope you die horribly
https://derpibooru.org/2065473
But you wouldn't really be that lucky
In fact, death's more likely
ac doe
