https://www.youtube.com/live/QXbgkONn_tE?feature=share
damn I just want to watch their rv trip stream in peace but the universe wont let me this time 
Seems like Bjorn &amp; Blade had a fun night streaming in Vegas
damn I just want to watch their rv trip stream in peace but the universe wont let me this time 
tfw was asleep during most of it
damn I just want to watch their rv trip stream in peace but the universe wont let me this time 
have to go outside for a bit now
damn I just want to watch their rv trip stream in peace but the universe wont let me this time 
need to get some things done when im back home
damn I just want to watch their rv trip stream in peace but the universe wont let me this time 
my sides
Awww
After my breakfast I need to take care of things for my parents business and after that I should try to finish my applications desu
dont remember if I took my meds this morning or not
Oof
I will take a lil break and then clean around before I try to finish a application bleh
The weather is so nice desu
my kittens were born and raised in a city apartment
and place it on the floor
we finally let them go outside recently 
and place it on the floor
they love it and are very cute to watch or supervise 
and place it on the floor
see a tick walking on my favorite kitten
and place it on the floor
remove it 
and place it on the floor
too bad they cant feel pain like humans do, I would torture them otherwise
we should genocide ticks
I hate them
remove ticks
rip
time for a smoking break!
Break is over, get back to work.
You arent my boss or are you?
Also I already did! finished with the laundry now
I guess I could clean my own room a lil and then try to apply for a job
Im avoiding the latter bleh
wtf Ceb
You need money to live! Hurry up!!!!
cant I just suck off old guys for cash like my fren on discord?
its not in a optimal state but I guess I can clean around with before I start with the apply thingy
I mean, you are 25. Gay death is supposed to happen then. Still, I suppose you could give it a shot.
Also, do your parents kinda just ignore your drug use? I'd be out on my ass if I ever touched a single substance, I'm pretty sure.
Also,
*saves thread from being pruned*
damn Ceb you're even losing your ability to reply in your own thread... baka
I mean, you are 25. Gay death is supposed to happen then. Still
It doesnt have to be gay! Its for the money
That would make it jewish
Also, do your parents kinda just ignore your drug use?
I try my best to be sneaky like naked snake about it oof
I'd be out on my ass if I ever touched a single substance, I'm pretty sure.
thats good, stay away from drugs
What are (You) talking about huh????
Im being busy with irl
Soon
lets just say im finished for today and will put more effort into it tomorrow!
Its far better than nothing but there is way more room for more
nooo I missed out on it, well I was busy til now
Im so shook I even forgot my image!
I'm not sure Jews suck dick for cash, but you do you. Also, I guess if you're sneaky enough, that makes sense. Still, never really done drugs. Sounds expensive.
Also, I'm talking about reviving your thread when it was down on page 7. 7!!! Doesn't even keep up enough unique posters to live, baka. Man, I'm getting nostalgic for /sft/ again...
end up spending time with parents instead
rip
they tend to be more fun at night so perhaps it would be better to sleep since its like 3pm there and 12am over here
Bleh I dont feel that sleepy yet, maybe I should try 
come back
rip
they tend to be more fun at night so perhaps it would be better to sleep since its like 3pm there and 12am over here
Bleh I dont feel that sleepy yet, maybe I should try 
stream iz dead
rip
they tend to be more fun at night so perhaps it would be better to sleep since its like 3pm there and 12am over here
Bleh I dont feel that sleepy yet, maybe I should try 
Still, never really done drugs
never do them 
 Doesn't even keep up enough unique posters to live
eberyone hates me
I miss dunsel
he will come back one day
I WANT TO BELIEVE
there is so much to catch up with, he liked hearing about Drachenlord 
He left a few months before Drachenlord started to upload videos on pornhub, was a very dark &amp; disgusting arc 
His sides will probably die when I tell him that Drache's (old) village bought his house, kicked him out and demolished it.
Thats not even the end, oh no.
Afterwards he drove around germany with his fancy new car while being chased by the trolls, it was funny on many levels but also creepy to be desu.
Long story short, cause of his own wrong doings he lost his driver license and sold his car,..
im rambling too much
Dunsel come back please
I think I will coom and then sleep, I need to wake up early enough to get things done, hopefully
Goodnight desu
