The blasian century is upon us
Always has been. The Tianemen square protests were basically a government crackdown against a Chinese incel coup, and that incel coup was triggered by male African students fraternising with the Chinese female students, this was nearly 50 years ago and is only getting worse.
Where can I find more info on the incel group? Sounds interesting
SEAmonkey
you can have them all
gotta catch 'em all
gotta catch 'em all
gotta catch 'em all
gotta catch 'em all
Asian
SEAMonkey
Thinks Koreans care about the plight of other "Asians" 
JFL brainwashed nig nog 
Have em we dont care.
your women belong to us azn bois.
Be Nigger
Bitter about Mayos
Sees Asian as Mayos
Monkey brain thinks Asians have inferiority complex towards Niggers like Mayos
Tries to Racebait Asians
Never works. Last (you) you get anon.
Koreans not mentioned anywhere in the thread 
You are so fucking insecure you are literally in every thread involving Asian women lmao
I'm supportive of blasians, but only the AMBF kind. The ideal harmonious balance between races should be:
WMAF
AMBF
BMWF
Inb4 I get called a cuck. It's not that I want to see white women getting blacked, but I just don't care. It's only Asian women that I care about.
WMAF
Highest divorce rate and stereotyped having the most unattractive couple pairings
AMBF
Rare couple pairing with too much cultural differences 
BMWF
Lowest divorce rates and unironically works well
The best pairing is
AMWF(EA Variant)
Highest earnings and one of the lowest divorce rates
BMWF
Seems to work well, why change it?
WM?
Can't really think of a good pairing for them like honestly.
Lowest divorce rates
Of course since the negro man leave after impregnation and before marriage, duh
This is the future and it is beautiful
BLACK MALE ASIAN BOI with WHITOID ADOPTION
Probably one of the best times to get asian gf
Black wagecuck virgin with social anxiety
God has forsaken me
Can't really think of a good pairing for them like honestly.
awww can you not?
I change my mind.
WMAF is good if its EA variant.
But most Whites date SEAmonkeys cause they get rejected, but i wouldnt mind it.
So the following best pairings.
AMWF(EA Variant)
BMWF
WMAF(EA Variant)
I changed it burger :)
I actually had to think about it.
AMWF(EA Variant)
Highest earnings and one of the lowest divorce rates
That's because Asian men are really looked down upon by most white women so only the highest earners and/or cream of the crop genetically usually have a chance (inb4 cherrypicks of ugly/average Asian men with white women). The reason you find more ugly WMAF pairings is because unlike AMWF its a natural attraction so it has a lower bar.
White women only like the highest earners/cream of the crop Asians
Asian girl love White men us because el natural attraction
He doesn't realize hes traveling to a third world country to pick up girls.
Competing with men who are 5'3 and little to no wealth. You are the highest earner/cream of the crop in said location.
Self awareness is absolutely 0 JFL.
Asian zoomer women fuck everything over an Asian guy but then like millennials still marry one while they fucked BWC and BBC in their prime.
You'll find WMAF couples most commonly in western cities with a significant population of east asian immigrants. The girl in those relationships was born in that city, with a similar income as the white guy. The couples where the white guy has brought over a girl from SEA are a minority.
did you pull these statistics out of your ass?
breh, why do blks think they look good or mix well with other races? blk features are ugly and dominant.
look at this - who thinks this looks good except blks
look at muh collage
Majority of Asians in America are Chinese, Indians, SEA. In fact 90%. You can Fact check me. Majority of all WMAF pairings are SEA. Koreans dont date Mayos.
How many times do we have to go over this Brad?
Its been proven thousands of times. Its literally over for you.
Your women are flocking to Korea by the millions. Only 25 million Korean men yet we make up 90%+ of the AMWF relationships.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72768208/#72768208
Korea is full, back off.
Majority of Asians in America are Chinese, Indians, SEA. In fact 90%.
The vast majority are Chinese. Chinese aren't SEA, and either are Indians.
You can Fact check me. Majority of all WMAF pairings are SEA.
I'm not going to do the research for you because you can't back up your claims. Walk through any city with a significant East Asian population and you'll see far more East Asian couplings than SEA ones. I'll grant that it's usually Chinese rather than Japanese or Korean, sure, but it's not SEA.
Your women are flocking to Korea by the millions. Only 25 million Korean men yet we make up 90%+ of the AMWF relationships.
It's funny you keep bringing up SEA imported women to discredit WMAF and then you use Korean men as your example of AMWF success. Koreans are notorious for taking SEA women, which is something they wouldn't have to do if they could get Korean and white women just as easily. At least white men have an excuse of having less Asian women to pick from (which is why they're much more common in cities), but Koreans live in Asia lmao.
The vast majority are Chinese
They aren't Korean either
you'll see far more East Asian couplings 
Don't care they're not Korean
I'll grant that it's usually Chinese rather than Japanese or Korean, sure, but it's not SEA
Don't care not Korean
It's funny you keep bringing up SEA imported women to discredit WMAF
Am i lying in any way? Majority of WMAF is a White male with a SEA variant Asian woman.
Korean men as your example of AMWF success
Should just be called KMWF. Since 90%+ are Korean men. Goto Youtube and type "AMWF" and you'll see what i mean instantly or IG or anywhere else.
Koreans are notorious for taking SEA women
Nah, we don't parade or date them like you guys. We just buy hookers quietly without trying to do whole boyfriend/girlfriend thing that you guys do.
have to do if they could get Korean and white women just as easily
Your Women are flying into the country by the millions. Take a look at pic.
Next?
