Can we stop talking so much about white "bussy", white male suicide rates and gay interracial sex so much? Is this board being brigaded by the BNWO crowd or something?
Its mostly just self loathing white cucks spamming that shit. Ethnic people dont give a fuck about cucking or any of that weird cumbrain shit.
i love brown girls so much bros
why dont they love me back
I'm black myself and I find it to be disgusting. It's a fetish that revolves around black men but is made up almost entirely of white men. The closest they get to having black men in their "community" is having a white Onlyfans model with a black boyfriend that they pay for custom videos. This whole genre of porn genuinely fucking disgusts me.
Cumbrained gooners will ruin any and everything.
You're a man who understands quality, just like me. I'm glad I'm not the only heterosexual left on this board.
Unironically haven't seen a single thread on that topic here, lol.
But answer is pretty much "no"
Retards will keep shitting up this board and normal people (as far as bots can be normal) will have to hide threads.
Or not- I sometimes go there to vent and counterpost. Depends on the mood really.
They have to spam it op. How else would we all know how good and healthy this fetish is?
Why do I love black girls so much, bros?
I've seen about four today.
it's an asian guy who's not very attractive, but got rich off crypto. He thought his money would get him a hot white stacy and when that never happened he decided to spam r9k with racebait. 
he does it literally every day.
who doesnt love black girls
He's not Asian. I'm not sure why you all insist that it's Asian men doing this. The BNWO fetish isn't an Asian thing, it's a white thing. This wave of white faggots is no different than the last wave of white faggots who were convincing robots to get on HRT. They just have an interracial angle this time.
Nta, but I think he talks about specific person, not asians in general
the spammer who is creating all the threads in the OP is definitely asian. he talks about the mythical big korean cock (BKC) all the time, it's very obviously one person once you start to notice.
If it were the JBK guy, he'd be posting JBK threads, not spamming the board with gay porn.
why do you assume he doesn't do both because the posting style is exactly the same and he'll say the exact same thing in those threads.
regardless the guy is an extremely angry nutter who's probably gonna pull another Elliot Rodgers
Because they are either Asians or tranny discords fighting the enemy tm. 
The original blacked spammer was EuroasionTiger an hapa from asian masculinity. You can pretty much be sure that there are asian masculinity discords that get together and prove how masculine they are by spamming black cuck porn on 4chan.
It just makes zero sense. If I wanted to prove how masculine I was as a black man, I'm not gonna spam videos of Mexican guys fucking Asian women.
Have you tried not being sane?
