Incels do not exist. Why are you not traveling?
i'm 5'2. incels exist.
If you fall for this she will try to trap you and have you finance her whole clan. Also give you STDs. Remember Philippines is a crime ridden shithole and they don't mind lynching piggish westerners.
who tf is that even lol
So is the u.s. what's ur point?
Look at that nasty ass house. Exposed brick and wires. Disgusting.
I'm starting to wonder if all incels were born with a silver spoon up their ass....
You are a foreigner in a different shithole, locals will not hesitate. I don't understand why Americans think the world is their oyster, most of the world tolerates you because they 1. don't care about you at all and 2. aren't just psychopathic killers, but if you go around acting wild, you will find yourself surrounded by others less hesitant to kill you (the outsider). This is why people get murdered in shitholes and thank god only low IQ rich women seem to be the deaths we have to deal with, because you people have absolutely no idea that your oversocialized American ass is nothing but a nuisance to those people.
I lost my virginity at 26 to a virgin girl whilst travelling.
I may be tall, but I'm quite ugly, woefully skinny and socially retarded.
If I can do it, so can other robots.
Link to the vid?
You guys are blowing this out of proportion. She isn't going to steal his organs. A city in the US around niggers is several magnitudes more unsafe than any "third world" country. I've backpacked through most of South America, the people are nice, gangsters leave you alone for the most part and they aren't going to kill you if they can just rob you and get off 100% scott free instead. I got held at gun point in Curitiba and it was way easier of a transaction than the equivalent happening in Chicago, guy just took all the cash out of my wallet and gave it back to me, shit sucks but it was far more reasonable.
His videos are good. He had a cute province gf (picrel) that he lived in the countryside with but he dumped her recently and moved to Thailand. 
https://youtu.be/_MJAxnaL7eQ?t=1143 [Embed]
They treat him like a movie star in these videos. Insane.
you want to fuck those girls in the background
not gonna happen
every man and whore will try to scam you
every time you walk by a store, a taxi, etc and it's dirty and hot and then the malnutrition sets in
and in cebu the men like to spit on the ground a lot, especially when they see a foreigner
if you don't notice the micro-aggressions then something is wrong with you 
eventually it just sort of feels kind of bad
cya virgins
Complete and utter cope. They love foriengers. 
https://youtu.be/6wkFajzQC90?t=853 [Embed]
Westerners associate poor with violence because of niggers. Most poor people around the world are quite welcoming and friendly.
yah I had swarms of little kids reaching in my pockets too in India 
it's called pickpocketing
until some older guy came and yelled a them
to be fair, that blogger had a flabby trashed out body so he's not too intimidating and dresses slummy himself but is that the life you want to live? :)
cont.
he's pretty much alpha widowing every girl he walks by, even a slob like that, but if he tries to take it further or have some funsies then 20 slum brothers will hop out and act all pissy or worse
I wonder if anyone ever fools around in those those backrooms real quick tho, probably not since they are more socially constrained there than you might think :(
the girls at the end were cute of course then he just shakes that busty little bitch's hand for no reason and leaves lol
The men are trying to hook him up in most of these videos. Telling him their family member is single and the like but in these old videos, he had a beautiful gf that mogs nearly every girl he comes across.
Sorry if you are the guy in the video, I just had to comment realistically 
I met the ladyboy love of my life there in Cebu, we partied in a foreigner hostel and downtown but never had sexooooo then her sister beat her up for sneaking around with me. Very weird
that girl is not beautiful, he will not get busty young girls and trust me they keep the real jaw droppers to themselves locked up somewhere to prostitute to each other and their taxi driver friends
i remember this guy back in kindergarten was obsessed and probably still is to some degree with me. he wouldn't stop chasing me so a girl I used to be good friends with stomped on his ankles on the playground for me it was brutal. he ended up being my neighbor later in life and when he found out i had a bf he destroyed one of those kid cars the neighborhood played in. kinda scared me for life. his mom didn't like me because i am also asian she was black and she took out her baby daddy drama on me.
r/thathappened is that way ----->
A hapa child is a lottery ticket for pinoy women because they are more attractive so get better opportunities in everything in that shithole. Pinoy brothels are experiencing an issue with hapa girls getting all the attention and pure pinoys basically ignored.
Not just pinoy, faced it a lot in India too. Some women will just want a kid off you no strings attached, because of the better life/opportunities the kid will have from being whiter
