Internalized just world fallacy despite mountains of evidence to the contrary. normalfags are demons.
To be fair you could reach omnipotence and make normalfaggots seethe over your very existence
The truth is that they can't tell why you failed, but given you've failed they just come up with any plausible excuse. They usually go for the most convenient one: usually revolves around the idea that it was your fault, that you were lacking in some way or another -- that exempts them from feeling any obligation to help you, as well as reinforcing that whatever accomplishments they have are a purely a product of their hard work and there were no variables that offered them an advantage.
A normalfag will lie, cheat, kill, and even steal just to maintain the facade that the world is actually fair. Though some may concede to a certain extent and recognize some degree of unfairness only in extreme situations, such as when one is born is miserable poverty -- but small nuances such as their a kid in their neighbourhood having a dysfunctional family does not register in their brain as unfairness.
NO
I want to stick my cock between that cartoon characters mammaries.
incest sexo
They didn't have sex THOUGH
do not make me link the art
Oh no, that's be so terrible.
Fair enough.
I agree, it's my own fault I'm like this.
Well written anon. Saved. Good breakdown of this phenomenon.
what is she saying it's my fault for?
It's all just because normalfaggots cannot conceive that all their lives, all their existence has amounted to is producing money for the top 1% or the capitalists.
They think that they have special skills for being able to do law degrees or work as software engineers making shitty websites, they made it so anyone who can't make it is a direct threat to their deluded hypocrisy of a meritocracy......................
God I hate normalfags so much..........They're such tyrants......................
They are not just tyrants they might as well be demons for all practical purposes
it's your fault for liking to play outside instead of reading books
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not becoming a lawyer/doctor/engineer
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not eating vegan
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not learning to code
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not working a shitty office job
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not being a slave in some warehouse
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not producing surplus labour to a capitalist
I've unironically done all of these at one point or another. I read books and go on long hikes. I currently work as a coooder/software engineer. I've worked in a warehouse. I've worked shitty office jobs.
it's your fault for not studying hard enough
I studied hard until my second year of university. 
Not taking the vaccine. I've lost any faith I had in our institutions and the people running them.
ashley sexo
Oh yeah I was also a vegan for 2 years or so when I was 12. I have to wonder if that fucked my physical development.
hoooo leeey fuck i wanna fuck leyley i wanna fuck her i wanna be andy and FUCK HER because they are the best couple in existence
So you're literally just a cattle in the pen, happily content with the grass they let you eat.....
You're right because there's literally no escape to this........
There's not even really a reward for fitting in other than "here's some toys, tv shows and a house you will have to work to pay off all your life".............
I never said I was content.
Sorry, I was being judgmental.........
There's nothing wrong with that in the first place, I guess my problem is primarily with the normalfags who antagonise me and the institution people who terrorise me and call me dumb and stuff.........
