Why is It so difficult to find a girl for a relationship like picrel? We both get to experience mind blowing sex while being emotionally better connected and intimate than ever.
https://files.catbox.moe/h4wc1q.webm
Gonna updoot this my cracker
K I L L
I
L
L
N I G G E R S
I
G
G
E
R
S
Im a slave to the bbc.
I worship it.
THE ONLY GOOD NIGGER IS A DEAD NIGGER
TOTAL NIGGER DEATH
Femanons be like
0MG tyrone
MADE FOR THE BBC MASTER RACE
You finna know it 
What posses them to be this bbclusted
what causes white men to all be like this (every single one with no exception)?
TOTAL
NIGGER
DEATH 
KKK
Right wing snowbunny squad
NIGGERS = MONKEY SLAVES 
TOTAL
NIGGER
DEATH
YUMYUM NIGGER CUM IN MY WHITEBOI BUM
NIGGERMONKEYS = SLAVES
TOTAL
NIGGER
DEATH
The BLACK man is the epitome of male dominance and masculinity.
Let's start by looking at his body. His body is large. His domineering size makes his presence known without him even needing to point himself out. He is muscular, as a result of his high levels of testosterone. This gives him the appearance of health and strength. He is then covered by his dark skin. This dark skin reminds us of his ruggedness, a feature that developed due to being exposed to the scorching sun of africa, made to withstand such an extreme condition. It also has a psychological effect on the observer. The dark skin reminds us of our dark, deep desires that emerge from our primal subconscious past.
The BLACK man's demeanor is one of alphaness. He is dominant, assertive, and can be explosively aggressive. His behaviour strikes fear into the more timid, cowardly races of man(white bois)
The summit of expression of his masculinity on his body is his penis. The BLACK penis is largest of all the races. As the penis is the penultimate symbol of manhood, this alone would suffice to make the BLACK man the most masculine of men. This large penis is able fulfill the desire of the neediest of women, being able to more than fill all the recesses of the vagina. Its length ensures that when it ejaculates, the potent african seed will immediately enter the womb of the woman the BLACK man impregnates.
In total, the BLACK man expresses this masculinity in a most exemplary manner in bed. When he fucks, he unleashes the entirety of his lusts and desires upon his partner without any restraint.
All this is the reason why the BLACK man is the epitome of masculinity and male dominance.
TOTAL 
NIGGERMONKEY 
DEATH
AND 
ANNIHILATION
Kill the black mean and fatty boombooms, well keep the qt black queens
Meant to say men*
blacked spam 24/7 on this board. somehow places with true anonymity don't have this shit yet you retards will do this on 4chan. kinda telling. perhaps the IQ barrier of extra software is necessary to keep you retards out.
total enderman death. kek
Zook in on the right
I understand now, blacks uncontained are the alphas and this makes whites very scared
Normal girls would always prefer to take both BBCs. You need to understand, one they try the BBC it's never enough, they get completely obsessed, it's an addiction. Especially white women, it's insane
Ty this is the truth and it alone is enough to get me going.
getting cucked sucks so bad I forgot
people really have no idea it's just a fetish but they don't understand female sexuality
Wrong, it's a lifestyle choice.
I don't think the woman really has a choice here. The white woman is hardwired to worship the BBC.
To be clear, even chads can't compete. The BBC is THAT powerful
