I never say "excuse me" because it is unnecessarily submissive and apologetic. I don't say "get out of the way" either because it's unnecessarily confrontational and hostile. I literally just wait patiently, or shove through when necessary, like when getting off a bus or train and someone is blocking the aisle or door.
Based. Me as well buddy
literally who gives a fuck. just say excuse me, you know how autistic you look standing there and then shoving people
it's possible to be polite and assertive at the same time, retard
I might be able to say something like "I need to get by." Saying excuse me sound like you're the problem and you are apologizing for yourself when someone else is overtly blocking the way.
i'm trying to say you're overthinking it, caring this much about the right thing to say to someone in your way is distracting you from more important shit in your life. just say whatever you want and move on with your life.
A lot of the time if I want someone to move I just stand there and look at them. Ive never thought of saying excuse me or asking them to move. Now that youve brought it up I think Ive start doing this. Thanks anon.
If someone is standing int he middle of a walkway on their phone, it feels so much easier for me to just stand there and wait a whole minute than to say something to ask them to move.
 it feels so much easier for me to just stand there and wait a whole minute than to say something to ask them to move
okay you're literally not listening to me. stop being a fucking pussy and tell people to get out of your way. it's not a big deal.
A black guy on the bus threatened to fuck my shit up because I pushed his knees out the way to get out. He was sitting sideways on front-facing seats, and blocking the whole aisle.
i say "sorry" to anyone who i accidentally come across at, or if we both arrive at the same time for something
i also literally walk on the street to avoid walking in the same lane as anyone. i dont care who it is
i have absolutely zero care for being a beta or a weak loser. i just want to get away from people, and the best way to go about that is to be polite and put distance between you and someone
you can be the biggest alpha male who dominates the street and doesnt say sorry to anyone all you want. chad still fucks your future wife and your one-itits is still someone else's easy whore
but you are an turbo-alpha male because you dont want to seem unnecessarily submissive to people
In a polite way, like "please move aside"
I dont know why youre telling me this
niggers shouldn't be the benchmark for how you expect people in general to react.
Say excuse me and force your way your through
You're being polite enough to apologize for any inconvenience but you're standing by your priority over their's
Or something like that idk
