Why is there a Korea(n) thread everyday now?
Because if you aren't Korean. You are a TRUcel.
more race-bait. Nothing new, just a different color.
I find it strange there's not an equivalent board to /jp/ but for Korea. Seems like it'd be a win-win for both Koreaboos and people who are sick of them, because it'd give them a separate place to go.
Because Koreans are mainly fetishized by antisocial teenage women, who are rarely on here.
Its not even an actual Korean spamming them. I'm 93% sure its an incel falseflagger, based on my analysis using my decade of imageboard shitposting experience.
Mods have a hard on for /jp/ but not /kor/ but its more of a relic left behind by moot
It is one mentally ill korean retard spamming and samefagging
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71167265/#71167265
Propaganda. Korean men are bigger than both White and Black ""men""
Yes, yes, correct. I have never taken part in those racist threads, and they are bitches in my eyes. Koreans don't even come to this site that much.
Because Koreans are the ultimate fucking incels and need to be on this board the most. It's bad enough being the Asians with the smallest dicks, have the WORST birthrates on the planet, but their women have started a feminist movement with the ""small Asianboy dick"' symbol.
Whitebros and shitskinbros need to step back, Koreanbros are in deep need of this space.
Lots of guys are in love with kpop girls too. I prefer Japanese girls but I have to admit kpop girls are hot, even if a lot of it is due to surgery.
I suggest you type 'penis size country' and click any link with actual citations included in said studies.
Reality mind breaks you wittle guy.
the bbc racebait is tired and people are ignoring it rather than responding to it so they are trying to come up with something else.
Jew here. I've been posting most of them.
(Not really. But you all think I am, so does it even matter.)
I did that and at most, koreans have an average of 5.2 inches, so not stereotypical tiny wang tier but still not the BKC that Korean schizo rants about
i unironically have a BKC.
Well then in that case either way Canadians apparently are two cm bigger than Koreans and about 1.5 cm bigger than Americans, but I dont see any Canadians talking about their BCC
You see it all the time.
Muh BWC. Literal cope nobody outside of 4chan users say. They got mind broken by BBC so use itt as a defense mechanism.
Whats ur point?
My point is race baiters are fucking retards ranting and arguing about stereotypes made up 100s of years ago, 90% of them are not even genuine.
kimchicels are trying to ego boost their rice dicks
also some retarded koreaboo is also blogposting about a kpoop idol
if they ever meet irl (aka never) he would get a restraining order asap lmao
based leaf anon pouring the syrup and putting gravy on the poutine
Who the fuck are you originally
He's a hapa with a SEAsian mother trying to cope on /r9k/ by larping as a 'Korean man'.
Koreans don't come to this board all that much. It's probably the same White guys that spammed BBC baits back then that are spamming these JBK and BKC stuff. There have also been proof supporting this too.
Point is, people have built an immunity to BBC since it's been on for so long. This Korean stuff however, is fresh meat. Just observe how it gets hundreds of replies even in the dying state 4chan is now.
Wild stuff, I know...
