where and how do I find a boyfriend i dont go out &amp; have no friends whatsoever + i dont rlly feel the need to for any of that
i literally just want to have a boyfriend and get married. i have social media but i dont even have a large social circle on there, at this point im going on tiktok to look for random guys my type but its not really working since the algorithm is spastic. im just rlly desperate at this point and on the verge of messaging random men on instagram but i dont even know how to go about that either
And...here come the simp posts (But i'm first lol pick me)
Are you a guy? Which continent do you live
How do girls attract simps even? For me that never works I want cute dresses too
Try showering and hitting the gym.
by being fermale. I'm convinced that population statistics are a meme and that the male to female ratio of the earfth is 1:1000
Are you sure that you actually want a boyfriend? Sometimes society brainwashes you into thinking you want something that your heart doesn't really desire that much. For example, you said that you don't go out. If your heart truly drove you to get a boyfriend, you'd be going out, as the two things go hand in hand.
Well I'm a bio woman and never had one I just don't get it. Do I need to pretend to be there gf? That's to cruel for me
What is your type when it comes to guys?
If you post your discord here and offer to talk to men platonically for a fee, you will have dozens of offers
you need to improve your personality and stop being so entitled
just forget about finding a boyfriend and it will come naturally. when you stop chasing it, it will come to you, but if you chase it, you will never catch it
also, try showering and taking take of your personal hygene more
and you also really sound like you should go to therapy, because you sound desperate, and we dont know what you're capable of in the future
Mh should try that maybe but the hate would be massiv right
Not everyone that feels defeated by something decides to jump off a cliff.
Btw, have you tried e-dating? To me it's a meme, but it could work for total shut ins i guess
not a guy and i live in the us
i do need to workout more
i really do want a boyfriend but moreso just the companionship and romantic commitment with a man to build a life with, so yea a boyfriend/husband, whatever you want to call it. im already pretty old and the clock is ticking lol
brown/black men around my age
how am i entitled for wanting a boyfriend also my hygiene is fine
and how exactly will a man magically appear in my life, i cant meet anyone irl at the moment due to circumstances so ive accepted the fact that im going to find one via the internet, and i know i have to be the one to make the first move/reach out since i dont put myself out there
Maybe take a chunk of time out of your day to just reflect on what you really want? I mean a big chunk, like a solid 8 hours of really thinking hard about this. If you reflect on the things you most want in life, you'll probably find that your body just naturally gets moving to pursue them. You want these things so much that you're "driven" to do the things that lead to getting them. Take money for example. Most people don't struggle to make themselves go to work: they want money SO BADLY that they take it for granted they have to do the "work" thing. If your heart truly desires a boyfriend--like near the top of your priority list kind of desire--you'll find ways to make it happen. Going out, adding people from the internet, or perhaps mass messaging instagram guys like you said. If you want a boyfriend and are struggling to find the time to go out, then you might not want one as much as you think, or you might want something else (e.g. free time) a lot more, pushing the boyfriend thing down your priority list.
Here's a concrete example from my life: I theoretically want a girlfriend. And I want it enough that I'm willing to do swiping sessions on Tinder every now and then. However, I want to enjoy my hobbies more, so I don't find the time to really put in the work to get a GF. It just so happens that I want other things more. I can't muster much more effort into "getting a girlfriend" than a few right swipes a week.
Maybe, but who cares?
Are you brown/black yourself?
Lose weight or settle for that guy you think is ugly.
What an absolutely garbage view lol. Don't listen to a single word of this guy. He has no clue what he's talking about.
Are you black yourself? If so I will be your white husband.
If your heart truly desires a boyfriend--like near the top of your priority list kind of desire--you'll find ways to make it happen.
i guess you're right desu
i really do want a man in my life, but fear also pushes me back for example theres a guy that i think is cute that i followed but never messaged, i'm just expecting rejection. i get really embarrassed and scared when seeking out guys, i feel like a creep/weirdo and even moreso if they dont respond or ignore me. but i also dont want to be an insane freak that mass messages random men on social media, is that how normal people do it? you reply made me realize i could do so much more to get to my "goal" of having a relationship, but i dont know whats appropriate or not. i hope my rambling makes sense
i have and am losing weight
im an arab african, my preference is actually someone who's from the same culture as me but thats just a plus, im trying hard not to be specific with my standards 
no but i wish the best of luck in you finding a black queen
What are you like, and what do you look for in a guy?
It's perfectly OK to message loads and loads of men, and even flirt with them. But you'll ideally want to wait for them to actually ask you out. If you're a woman, leading the relationship, asking the guy out, putting in more effort to maintain the relationship, is kinda dangerous because it can get you into 'relationships' with guys who are actually only there for the sex or a confidence boost. Just talk to lots and lots of guys and be welcoming and flirtatious should they start showing some initiative to contact you later.
You will need to post a picture of your bare tits for verification purposes.
Just order us to jerk off to it and we will and you should get a decent confidence/ego boost from it.
What are you like
idk man
i value literature film and philosophy, i like history too. i plan on becoming a psychologist
thats all really
What do you look for in a guy?
attractive (by my standards)
sweet
thats all! i literally just want a best friend to do fun stuff with and have babies with 
guys who are actually only there for the sex or a confidence boost
i made this mistake with my first "relationship" but it was an e-relationship that didnt last longer than a week, i pursued him first romantically, and he immediately sent me a dick pic after. it was demoralizing
even men you completely don't know? i'll take your advice and finally slide into his dms or whatever anon, he doesn't follow me back so he probably isn't interested but its worth a try. this is really starting to sound like a job hunt lol, and i'm failing at that too 
dont need an ego boost ,not a whore despite me being on this website
You have what? Settled or lost weight? You haven't done either if you can't get a BF. Or, here's another crazy idea, approach a fucking man.
Hobbies? Vidya? Meetups for specific hobbies, hell even shit like hiking meetups
im brown but i don't live in the US. sorry anon!
kys
What does attractive by your standards mean? How attractive are you?
have and am losing weight and i am going to approach men. why are you so angry 
yes i play vidya &amp; i like going to film events and other meetups, i plan to go out to those more once i find a way to move out of my parents.
thats ok, are you eu?
thinks arab girl is a non-virgin
lmao bitchless
idk how to answer this question i guess it means i have to be attracted to them by my standards, just cute desu. i consider myself attractive and not ugly
This is the dumbest shit my gut, when have you ever seen this happening?
This doesn't happen for a reason and it's because even women look pathetic when they keep doing this 
Refer to this thread >>72982590 
Like the guy said, a lot of meetups and hobby groups have tons of guys who just want relationships.
And how are you Arab if you're African? Muslim maybe, but not Arab
i can be your practice bf how do i contact you
fuck off with these threads all day every day fuck off you fucks holy fuck DO YOU NEED ATTENTION THIS BAD THAT YOU POSE AS WOMEN? FUCKING DO SOMETHING ELSE YOU LOSER.
yes im in the eu.
Are there certain physical traits you look for? Who is a celebrity, husbando, etc you would find hot? What are your biggest positive physical qualities?
I found a bf on 4chan I just posted what I wanted in a bf and tons of men contacted me. Then I chose the best one that was closest and dated him for a while then decided we had good chemistry and the rest is history. I haven't had a friend since 2017 even online. He worships me and we live together
Get the fuck off my board you fucking nigger
incels ironically make the best bfs
Most recent GF was someone I met through a /soc/ state thread.
She didn't post, but I did and she apparently found it interesting enough to contact me. Lived about an hour apart, met up after a few weeks, stayed together a little over three years.
Pretty normal relationship outside of meeting on 4chan.
women look pathetic when they keep doing this 
does it really matter when youre out of options and desperate? isnt the whole ~slide in your dms~ thing culturally accepted or is that not a thing anymore?
i do have a fear of being percieved as weird and delusional by a guy , thats the only thing holding me back
And how are you Arab if you're African? Muslim maybe, but not Arab
i am north african, they speak arabic in those countries so theyre considered arab~ idk it depends on who you ask tho
kindly no but thank you 
nice eyes, masculine, confident
i know im not giving much here but picrel is a 10/10 to me if you wanted reference
biggest positive quality is really just face and personality
happy for you anon, i might use that as a last resort. how long have you guys been together?
i never considered /soc actually
women are a meme
Edating is a meme.
Really gotta take shit out of context? I said everyone looks pathetic when they do this.
And yeah North African, Fair point.
Enjoy being some piece of meat for whites
