i cannot believe you gaylords are making me make a thread edition
or:
the butthole crusade: a duty-dance with dick
previous
did all you niggers go to a big gay suicide party without me
i was playing with lego all day sorry
Aaaaaaa I fell asleep on you!!1! T - T So sorry nonny was not my intention at all... Thanks a lot for the kind words there btw. Although I can't really take such notions seriously for some reason. Happy b-day to your dad btw!
And I don't really have a topic of my own to chat about sadly. So I'd rather chime in on anything of yours instead, if that is ok?
If properly prepeared they can be quite tasty!
speak you fuckers. or i will be very angry >:(
72980959
"Torn" by Natalie Imbruglia on a nonstop loop
I prefer digital to analog because analog is too big for my tastes.
whenever the delusions reach their peak and i think i might be gay i check grindr and remember i'm definitely not
I prefer analog to digital because it's ancient and so am I
most of the fuckers in this general talk too much; most any anon who ha(s/d) anything interesting to say doesn't post much or stopped posting here
Not to say that I do
there's literally never been a single interesting thing said here you're not interesting and i wouldn't be here if i had anything else
Do you think if we killed ourselves at the same time we would go to hell together (and become bfs)
There's nothing gay about hell, Anon.
mr pope said that hell isn't real
so idk what ur talking about
So then i can't have my infernal bf? How do i get a looksmatch retard racist bf
idk. i've given up on getting a bf so i'm afraid i could not at all tell you anon
Ngmi
if you were born in general you're ngmi let's be real
Yea you know what, i was going to say something depressing back but fuck this wimpy crap. I will get a bf, even if he isn't chuddy
hope you do anon proud of u
God damn why the hell is the lgbt board 96% t and 4% everything else? Is this the only place that has not been overrun by trannies yet?
there's a reason people refer to it as /tttt/
it's insane to think i am the most handsome boy in this thread
unironically i cannot understand a word those /lgbt/ niggers say. the entire board is properly MIRED in some kind of tranny zoomer lingo and to be frank i'm not interested in spending even a trivial amount of time on something so silly
we don't even know what you look like bruh
i'm kind of handsome but apparently in the way tops are handsome which is tragic for me because i'm a bottom
You are not. I've been called handsome like uh 4 times by four different gaytards
girls in public stare at me ^_^
A girl tried to grope me on a plane. Beat that
yeah you are probably an underage neet and jewish
I go there just to spite them. Especially the tripfags
i wish i was a foreskin stealing world gay elite
Did some yoga to start my morning
Nobody told me it was going to be this hard
I unironically enjoy the no bf bitching because it means we are all suffering together
That's the appeal of the thread, anon, that we can feel a little less alone through our shared misery
That's kinda romantic anon. But I'm going to go fully schizo and pretend everyone here is my bf. I can't cope with just that anymorep
i am suffering greatly. i am in need of a hug but a hug will not come.
That's also a pretty cool way to cope. Can we all go on a big group date together?
I'm sorry anon, I'd hug you if I could.
Of course honey!
I am hugging you with my psychic powers.
GOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE? MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND
https://youtu.be/gGwNA2xJw20 [Embed]
So you smelly faggots just fuck eachother in the ass and give eachother aids while wearing sandals?
KILL YOURSELF
KILL YOURSELF
KILL YOURSELF
FAGGOTS KILL YOURSELVES.
Nah man
Why can't we be friends
Why can't we be friends
why can't we be frieeeeeeeeeeeends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5OXON8vIaA [Embed]
KILL YOURSELF NOW  for replying 
https://youtu.be/lyhTkYmTmRQ [Embed]
cant believe you niggers let my thread die while i slept
Nta but i will say replies like this are very cute. Much better than empty gestures and fake e-hugs. Just my opinion, as those make me more sad :(
No we never have sex and seethe and cope online all day
Good job drunk anon!
congratulating me makes it sound like i was otherwise an alcoholic- which, i was a little bit before because i didnt feel like stopping drinking before me intial week break
Pic rel is only alcohol i really like, but still rarely drink
have you tried harder alcohol? why dont you drink proper liquor? things like those drinks will give you really bad hangovers, you should try whisky.
the legal standard for drinking is 1 drink per hour. and one shot is one drink, and so is like 1 beer. theyre all considered 1 drink. if you drink 2-3 drinks an hour over the span of 6 hours youll probably enjoy yourself. alcohol makes you dehydrated, so its best to have an entire glass of water per 1-2 drinks. also stop drinking about 2 hours before bed. or about 1h 45 minutes at best. if you do all of this, youll almost certainly avoid getting hungover and will be able to drink multiple nights in a row
I think i'll always submit in the end.
yeah :/
True!
but you should be okay with action
makes me feel physically sick
youve had this your whole life though right? isnt it true that after you get over the hump you feel better? i think youre in a position where youre paralyzed from not wanting to do anything because you dont realize that everything falls back into equilibrium, so youre demotivated to do anything because you assume if you do youll be stuck and never feel right/ comfy again- but its maybe worth noting that once you climb the mountain your life does feel normal again after
hm, buut if you got into that position would you be able to get out of it?
Though the act of being forced to do things and having things done to you is inherently hot to me
Thoughts?
thats a really dense subject desu that could go so many ways. i think its legitimate in the context of somebody you have a lot of legitimate trust in. theirs nothing really wrong with that at that point in time. but i think a lot of bottoms tend to have an extraordinarily low bar when it comes to this, a minor amount of day-to-day trust goes a long way in sexual trust/ if that person is attractive for a bottom
w-woah buddy. Why not earlier threads?
cause i wasnt in them. im not in every thread, sometimes i go leaps in time not being here. this recent stint just starts at the 70s
i'm kinda like that to a much lesser degree. I don't like deleting stuff and so on
you cant make decsions but i can; and i cant delete shit, but you can. this is why the intp/infp types compliment each other well
I actually did start learning on my own. It's going good so far though i only just started lol
to be continued
I have a problem with controlling my impulse to eat desu. I will drink more water
you can ghrelin inhibitors or whatever
not my money and they don't care ._.
hm, sad
a waste of time to cook unless i have to
nono, its a useful skill and its better than goyslopping your way through life especially because its technically cheaper
why not further simulate that environment though? you know that being in those situations makes you do shit, so why not just put yourself into those environments?
A meal for kings
Good morning to you too nigger faggot. Great vid thanks for posting
Maybe you should sleep less?
I know dammit i know ;-;
its actually not that big of a deal if you can get used to fasting/ going lengths of time without eating
See i think that would only ruin the mystery and wouldn't exactly be satisfying no matter what the answers are >~&lt;
hmm, hard disagree desu; i love esotericism and mysticism and shit i want all the details
Yeah but people are emotional and it's a crazy situation. They care about eachother so they don't think rationally.
yeah, ultimately the best decisions which could've been done would've meant we had no movie
Like, yeah she will die but she can't just watch you know? It's that helplessness that makes it so scary for me ;-;
i was fantasizing about how based it would be if the dad took his son out front and slit his throat; just as a final act of regaining control, making their entire night worthless having lost multiple members, his whole family was fucked anyway lol idk- something REAL
Most of them desu. I didn't like freaks,witches and so on.
hmm, why? i liked those
One with the hotel was ok
interesting, i didnt like that as much. that when it fell off really
wha u mean?
well i said i was probably deficient in something like vitamins or minerals and you agreed you might be too. so i was joking that youre deficient, but in dick. as in you dont get any dick
I hope so
update! on the cognitive decline, now that youve gone outside
First one is literally me and funny
bsed
Second one is funny and awkward. I'm the type that doesn't tell the waiter he got my order wrong :3
knew it lol
i agree with that one the most i like shitty weather the most, i think its something you get or dont
Hey heyi saw your replis. I will get back to you soon. No need to link them here
Sorry, i kinda spent a lot of my energy doing something
What you call fun i call psychological torture.
being out on the wild an everything that comes with it can be exciting, i think you need to work on finding comfort outside of traditional means. their isnt a fluffy comfy bed but you are growing as a person and you are gaining new skills etc you should find comfort in the simpleness of it. that you dont need an entire sprawling city to be comfy. theirs comfort in that
I was that one kid that was looking forward to school starting again.
oof. no comment. although at least you weren't the kid that dreaded school starting because of bullying
My classmates all had fun and went to sea and i was all by myself in a shitty place with house full of grasshoppers and bugs and they scare me and i couldn't sleep well and food was bad and i didn't have anything fun to do
this is really cute, you talk just like mybf its incredible. i really dont know what to say though, i dont know how you two are like this lol i really think you should just work on taking pleasure in simplicity and whatnot
(i don't even like the sea but ok)
classic infp thalassophobia moment
Everything is fun with bf, kinda.
true!
oh, you bike?
I have no idea how you can do this shit and not feel at least a little bad about how fucking obnoxious it is
YOU FUCKING F A G G O T S TAKE IT DISCORD!!!!
YOU DO THIS EVERY OTHER THREAD
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE 
https://youtu.be/3d9BCY82px8 [Embed]
its like gay people try their hardest to make me hate them as much as possible
i was assuming that since i took so long to reply to you might not be in every thread and since theyre outlinks with no (you)s that you arent guaranteed to see them unless i attempted to stick them close to the front of every thread
kinda glad i dont have to. also sorry.
I wish i could read minds just like anon :D
Knowing how someone feels at any given time would make me respond to them accordingly
I can't imagine, i can't fucking imagine, what joy it would be to toss one of you chudposters into my bed and make love to you. You weak faggots wouldn't be able to even fight back and i would service each and every orifice with my supple virgin lips. If you try to shout i will just shove my tongue down your mouth.
no... please get away from me... I am a virgin FO LYFE..
I'll bite your fucking tongue off, I'm stone cold
Work on that self hatred hue hue hue
Anyway nah, i'll keep it itt
I think your chudpostung or whatever is unfunny and annoying as well so i usually ignore it. Maybe you should do the same. Just a thought. Also i didn't respond in last thread as i wanted to avoid filling it with walls of texts
I wrote them but i was feeling worse then. But i'm feeling a lot better now i think. Tired though. I will post them later 
Also you didn't talk about games but ok
you wouldn't get it. Shitskins will never understand the chuddite life style.
yeah i know i realized that when i was copying stuff. ill sit down and do that right now
i wanted to not half ass it since its shit you care about im sorry
You can also delete these responses as well. We don't want chudnon to seethe more. I'm being cheeky but i mean it. There is no need for them itt
I care about games yeah kinda. I'm no serious gamer though. I only started playing again a year or two ago but i played a lot in that time. A loooot
You're actually the only good poster in this thread at all, chudkun
the night before i only got 2 hours of sleep after getting hammered and chain smoking which knocked me out, i was up for 17 hours after that
no hangover though! so thats cool
i already tried and cant. and the irc is trooned out so. you know a lot more about games than me. ive played plenty of games in my life but never gotten into the genre meta or anything like it
One kiss
what?
Two kiss 
what?
Three KISS
Anon, you can't scare me, don't bother trying
Should i respond now or later today? I'm not sure now :/
Figure it will be annoying for few posters that are here now. But it's pretty dead so idk. Maybe if hue starts spamming again would be a good time?
made me kek
Fps&amp;tps, action games. 
these are definitely the majority of the games ive played, maybe unfortunately.
Was a big fan of platformers but tired of them. 
its funny because i kind of accidentally missed this whole genre. not completely ofc but platformers were kind of off the menu. the closest thing i ever got was (2006) super mario bros for the DS and starfy which was my original DSi game
Kirby games are my fav! 
mybfreally likes kirby. i had 1 of the DSi games or something but i dont really remember it well enough to even feel like looking it up
crysis and so on.
i always thought that game looked really fun and i wanted to play it but by the time i remembered it was a thing and that i wanted to play it, it was ancient
I can go on for days maybe :3
you could do what im gonna do and go over my time playing games
Oh i love beat em ups too
super smash bros wii and a few tekkin rip offs were all i ever played of anything like this
Hate rpgs and such but i liked darksiders 2 and will play other 'siders games
i honestly find every popular RPG to be cool but incredibly cumbersome to play. i think theirs a lot of reasons for that. part of it is that i find the universe to be suffocating, you almost have to be good at taking orders to adapt and thrive in those types of games. a good example of the opposite of what im talking about is GTA. gta isnt suffocating- something like skyrim/fallout is
im glad you asked :D cont
so recently ive been obsessed with halo. im itching to find somebody to talk about the philosophy/lore of halo but know i never will. i was a pretty early adoptee of splitagte and couldve gone pro. i was in a lot of the early lobby tryouts for tournaments and some people actually liked me. however working in an esports team required more social interaction than i was able to tolerate because you have to either start your own team or interview to get into an established one. and this was maybe 2021 oct? and i had too much happening in my life so i stopped showing up to lobbies. im not a nolifer for the game, im not super high up on the leaderboards or anything, but i was pretty middle of the pack in the practise lobbies so. maybe shit tier pro level
im going to probably actually try to get on a pro team with the next game they make, since i think i do well with portals. which transitions:
portal is probably my fav game of all time, i really like the the franchise, not much to say beyond i love puzzles and whatever
technically halo 3 and cod bo1 are my two most iconic games from being a kid
i also played a lot of r6s but basically stopped after operation health and then i tried to play gain and all the maps i thought i knew were not the same so i stopped 
do what you want to, i usually do try to not overly tension the thread. i talked to you before about not suffocating the thread i think. i said it to somebody. i think its best to avoid causing issues thats for sure, im not overly worried about when it gets posted. ill see it when i see it, dont feel obligated to sit around the thread waiting for the opportune moment, can just do it when you want to
why..
I miss emo, he was a good friend
I was writing a reply to games but i deleted by accident again. Im retarded
I feel like responding to that first but maybe it will take time sorry
i constantly hit esc in the middle of typing which closes the text box. its hard to replicate the perfect way ideas flow out of your brain when you retype
dont be stressed about it
anon I love yoy so much it hurts
Vampires do exist and they are addicted to ~5'10", chubby twink, mathematician/physicist bf blood!
Fps&amp;tps, action games.
Based based based
They are vey fun indeed. Lost some you liked
its funny because i kind of accidentally missed this whole genre. not completely ofc but platformers were kind of off the menu.
Literally me until a month or so ago
I missed it so much as i played all the ones i wanted (almost)
Starfy! Starfy! Starfy!
Very good game loved it, similar to kirby. I beat all klonoa platformers, they are amazing and cute(wahoo). I like gba games the most, other than switch. Pc doesn't count 
I liked all marios for switch and old ones too but old are hard. Mario/warioland ones are great. Loved them and miss them
Not really a ds fan
Here are some i liked a lot(not sure if they are all platformers): astroboy, db advance, spongebob games(not all), oddparents, spyro trilogy, katana zero, kaze,marsupilami, yoshi, rage in peace, donkey switch, all ty games, sackboy, all dadish games, captain toad, one piece gba
mybfreally likes kirby.
He is really cool! I played and beat all main games other then mirror cause i dumb an got lost many times. They are literal baby games and pure fun
I like both new an old kirby
crysis
I played it last year. Its great and fun and easy. Crysis 4 has been announced btw
you could do what im gonna do and go over my time playing games
Lol
super smash bros wii and a few tekkin rip offs were all i ever played of anything like this
Single player arcade type ones for me. My fav is river city girls but i haaate leveling up and buying moves.
i honestly find every popular RPG to be cool but incredibly cumbersome to play
Desu. I think it's all the geinding and time. Leveling up and shit that makes me losr patience quickly. I hate choosing skills, buying potions an shit. Quests ewww. Open world nooooo
Gta was fun when i was a kid ye
I don't really care about stories desu
Halo games i'll play next year. So much of them...
Vid related (didn't finish yet)
https://youtu.be/dhpkyRF517A [Embed]
Think you will like it. Did you watch destiny talk to adin ross? Off topic but i found it hilarious
. i was a pretty early adoptee of splitagte and couldve gone pro. i was in a lot of the early lobby tryouts for tournaments and some people actually liked me.
Wow. Very cool. You were good?! Jelly
I like singleplayers. Multi is a pain
and i had too much happening in my life so i stopped showing up to lobbies
This was unexpected but interesting
Funny tranny moment :P
I hate puzzles lol. I played mighty switch and ummmm i did ok since it's a kids game. I hated puzzles on darksiders 2 grrrr
Not a fan of portal or cod
I like action! Boom shoot zombies maybr. Zombie army games great!
halo? yeah i remember back in 2006 playing with walshy and karma in mlg ffa midship and scrimming with semipros daily. i cant tell you how many linkin park montages i was in. strongside was always my favorit member of final boss, we actually hung out once at anaheim event center after a tourney (i said hi to him while walking past in a crowd and he waved at me) aa the glory days...
I remember beating the shit out of scubs with a magnum in the library lan computers. Why did infinite have to turn to dogshit
Based Boomer pro
Do gays not feel jealousy? Why are gay marriages always some open relationship nonsense
Traditional marriage is essentially a breeding contract wherein the father exchanges his surplus labor for the mother's reproductive ability. Thus "cheating" is a violation of that contract, as either the father is withholding a portion of his labor to spend on another woman or the mother is bringing the fatherhood of the child into question by having multiple partners. Since it all hinges on breeding and homos can't do that the whole system of marital fidelity is sort of anachronistic to us. In some sense monogamy is just another way that gay men insist on mirroring straight relationships even when they don't have to or it doesn't necessarily make sense. Like the whole top bear / twink bottom thing, it works for some guys but there's absolutely no reason for that to be how gay relationships 'should work.'
You wouldn't fall for the first guy who treats you kindly, w-would you anon?
Gays really believe this shit.
Because they are non-romantic normalfag monsters. Every cheater should be shot.
After so many years of loneliness, probably yes.
I have two moods:
i will outlive you
and
Well I am unlike some people am smart enough to realize that being a homo is a mental disorder thing so even I were to catch romantic feelings for another human being I would not purse them.
On rainy days like this a math bf is all I need. But I'm kinda too depressed right now to enjoy it with him.
Life is an operation, living is the mission. Me and you?.. None of us are going to make it back on this one.
I absolutely would do exactly that, unfortunately
Am i an edgyfag if i liked this >~&lt;
Why do i like hopeless suicide missions aaaaaaaaaaaa
I find them romantic somehow
anyone wanna talk about big, phat, stinky, neet dicks with me?
Touching Anon's strong shoulders and arms.
That helmet is the most dogshit thing i had to wear. Why the fuck would you not put a liner instead of form blocks
I would very much like to find one
Not that anon but splitgate in the early stages was a really good time. Halo I just spent most of my time in campaign I found the laso strats to be really enjoyable and satisfying to actually pull off. Also fun creating ad-hoc strats for it due to the abysmal ping of coop playthroughs.
I can't count how many times i read something wrong and replied only to later realize i was wrong. I probably have dyslexia
If you play multiplayer games you are a normalfag.
Anyway, i wonder what kirby power is anons favorite? Guess it depends on the game as well... I really like sword >~&lt;
I play multiplayer games but always solo. The dumbest thing is that I prefer team based games whilst having no friends to play them with.
You are a true robot, i respect and admire you. Do you ever win?
this desu, it's nice to feel like you're part of something
if you like anything you are a plebbit normalgroid faggot! and you are killing this website
Tfw you get attached to normgroid teammates because they treat you nicely
Yes but only in videogames.
Do you ever win?
Yes but only in videogames.
Playing well in counter strike and getting praise from randoms with gay voice turns me on
Do you have your life figured out nonny? I sure don't.
hello anonenon :))
You sir are adorable
Hot sluty anon
I've figured out that it's over
Oh, in that case me too then. Although I still have a little bit of hope left. Wanna tell me about those unfulfillable dreams of yours anon?
AHHH FUCK STOP SAYING "CHUBBY TWINK" DO YOU FUCKING FAGGOTS KNOW WHAT A TWINK IS???
Are there newfags or returning anons lately. Its a completely different atmosphere at 2am
I rarely, if ever, leave this place. Does that make me cool?
Yes anon you and other neverleavers are my brothers
:D We should kiss and cuddle each other as brothers do
I guess we must... I would not betray a brother. *starts cupping your face
I-Is it really that bad anon?
It's so I can kiss you better you silly
Hmm maybe I misunderstood. What exactly do you mean by "cupping"?
It's like holding someone's face by the cheeks and lifting it closer.
I see. The dictionaries said something else, so I thought you were going to kind of suckle on my face...
I wonder if you'd wanna slap me after you're done?
Open relationships are not nonsensical. 
I think it makes more sense to be in an open relationship than being alone. Better to share love than to have none at all
You're going off there, something on your chest, anon? 
Have you considered the possibility of having a dating life without catching STDs? 
Fidelity and lasting happiness are rare things even for straight couples
My hair looking great after a shower. Feeling good ^_^
It won't look so good after it dries...
my hair never looks good, even right out of the shower. Since I am the way I am, I likely will never get it cut again now that mom isn't around to trim it every couple months.
I LOVE NOT LEARNING MY LESSON!!! I LOVE ADDICTION!!!!!
Story, how many times do you fap these days?
varies, but generally about 5 to 6 on average. 8+ on my horny days and sometimes as few as 2 or 3.
Hardly at all pretty sure I'm depressed
I always respected your ability to fap that much lol
it's a learned talent. I fap more now than I did when I was a teenager (then it was once or twice every couple days) When mom was in the hospital and after she passed away I didn't do it for about a week. Longest I've gone since I was in hs at least.
i never used to care but i hate seeing guys with their girlfriends in public. at first i feel angry at the woman then i just feel depressed. they're just straightoids anyway, he'd probably beat me up to prove he's not a faggot.
I need emotional support dawg
https://youtu.be/jmfM0OIn9q8 [Embed]
free thinkers after reading a single bot consensus online
what is bullying like in normalfag gay communities? does it exist?
bullying happens everywhere and most normalfags socialize the way as they did in HS.
why do we pretend that femboy is a coherent identity that doesn't come entirely from porn addiction
Femboy "culture" is a warped and pornified idea of what femininity. There's also too many instances of pedophilia to sweep under the rug
like, what do normalfag gays bully each other about? i think it would depend on area, since some could be social climbers but usually bodies and sex. i don't think it's like, super unique.
Not true. Please stop lying about things you know nothing about. 
Real life is not like highschool any more. You're not forced to be around those you hate. You get to choose now.
I don't get what the point of saying this was. Most normalfag (gays) do actually still act as if it's high school, it's all very universally catty. Just because you can choose to not be around that doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
My fbf has the supreme pp.
I don't know how normalfags operate nor do I care. i avoid interaction with them.
They don't, and you're clearly speaking from the perspective of someone who doesn't have a social life. You're speaking from your prejudices and misconceptions alone. 
It's for things like this that you don't have friends
Even if the size is average?
That's a bummer, they can be your friends and you can date one.
It's supreme because it's my fbf's not because of anything else + average size is actually the best size!
that was saturday night/yesterday morning and I have so many thoughts in my head about it
I thought that porn addiction was the reason I wasn't able to climax the first time but was able to get off last night just thinking about everything that happened
when we were cuddling after waking up I asked "does this make us friends with benefits" and he said "I guess so"
cont.
I have one thought, fucking kill yourself normalnigger scumbag piece of shit
Stopped reading there.
i would kill you and your entire family if given the chance
fucking lame
I want to live in my coom cave alone
Why, dating normalfags is super fun. 
I don't think you want to be alone. I think you're just scared of going out
I forgot to replace the aaaaaaaaa spam with anything of actual substance, I wasn't really flustered by it and I knew he wouldn't say it back but I do really just think it was a heat of the moment intrusive thoughts thing that I wanted to say it out loud
very conflicted because whenever I looked at his face I was taken aback for some reason I can't put into words, something in me just felt really weird doing anything lewd with a person I've known almost 4 years
that was the first time I ever cuddled/did anything lewd with another guy and the first intimate contact I've had with anyone since I was 15
I have no idea what to think about anything going into the future, he probably won't bring up anything about it unprompted because that's just how he is
the idea of friends with benefits is weird and I don't like it and I don't know if I'll ever be in the mood for anything sexual again
cuddling was very very nice though
I do genuinely like being alone
theres my hang up with having a boyfriend
I do not think I could constantly have someone who interested in talking to me or being around me in my life. I need distance. 
(dont mind the image. This isn't some political post. I just find the FAL to be a really cool looking gun)
You know nobody believes any of this, right?
School shooter vibes
everyone under the age of 28 or 29 needs to get off this fucking board
Anon, unless you're moving in together, you won't be around each other 100% of the time. 
A few hours at a time at most
Cute guy. I'm a sucker for men arms
You could have just said "Everyone needs to get off this fucking board" even though it will have the same effect. Nothing happens, nothing changes.
you could have just not posted even though it will have the same effect. nothing happens, nothing changes.
don't act like you aren't the worst kind of fucking scum of them all
Look at it. The FAL is the hottest gun ever to be produced. I can't think of any shooters which used it. The biggest crock of shit is that America could of adopted it but noo we decided to stick with the M14. 
Yes but it will eventually become moving it also there are text messages and phone calls and such. Its too much social hassle.
Having a bf is amazing, you really should give it a try.
I'm not your personal army man. I will be your mercenary though if you send me money.
Hey guess what, fuck you too, both of you can die
If you got romantically manipulated online of all things. You're stupid and probably deserved it. Tbh
at first i thought this was fiction but you asking him what percent he is to cumming solidified not only the fact that you're extremely autistic, but also that you're gross. who cares if the bitch is toxic, by who's measure? yours? i'm sure that's not biased at all, lmao. 
conclusion: you are a very shitty person and friend, and I hope if you do somehow manage to get a boyfriend (unlikely, but just in case), he cheats on you in a similar way. actually, i hope he cheats on you in a worse way.
yea i was about to say this guy fucking sucks not because he had sex but because he practically raped his friend who has a gf. everyone involved deserves everything bad though.
Sounds like it's a failure of your parents not the person, if you're this fucked up of a person you shouldn't even be on avenues like this to begin with.
even when i was a teenager I knew e-dating was for faggots and was a sham. Been a stone cold incel for my entire youth.
you don't get a pass just because you're now the second worst avatarcunt
It isn't 100% you though, I mean yes I am inclined to blame you because of the fact that you have x, y, z mental illness(es) and still willingly browsed and interacted with places that were objectively "bad" by any measure of judgement. But also, y'know. Your parents didn't get you on meds or anything? That's also kind of on them.
Not enough then clearly, lol
uhhh.. you'll live buddy! i'm here every 5 months or so, be grateful im here to give you guys hard truths before summer hits
you're really funny anon you can't say it's all you after you just told everyone to go spam this venti guy and then say it's actually his fault for destroying you so he deserves it.. is it you or is it not you PICK ONE!
I don't take meds
I do take supplements because I have a weak stomach
but that doesnt count
i will NEVER take meds
i will NEVER take the suicide pills
i hate hayfaver i hate hayfever i hate hayfever
how many pills can one fit in your ass
There's no recovering from this, is there?
It wasn't real, anon. He's just another anonymous stranger who ghosted you.
You're doing so great without them
I am. If i was on meds I'd be a zombie nigga or i'd be out of my mind nigga!!!!
i take like 8 different kike pills every day
zoloft 150mg
lithium 600mg x2
wellbutrin xl 150mg
buspar 10mg x2
propranolol 10mg x3
gabapentin 600mg x3
and for sleepies and nightmares
remeron 30mg
prazosin 10mg
dude annihilated you lmao
nigga I haven't even STARTED talking to you and you're already bitching about your ex why the fuck would I touch you with a ten foot pole
lmao. lol, even.
Because nothing says "not a zombie" quite like being a permanently online basement dweller
You say this with such pride, like it was an achievement. 
What you're actually saying is "I'm fucking my life up with sexual repression"
Destiny 2 is bretty fun ^_^
I need Adderall but the forms to get it require adderall to fill in
Everything I have to cook is too much work, frozen chicken it is.
alcohol
You kinda are tho
I tried it and i'm not interested at all. Beer tatses horrible and i'm never trying that again. Whiskey and wine are ok i guess but i don't care enough to drink. Only cocktails taste really good. Oh and i never got drunk nor do i plan to. I only drank "a lot" 2 times. Once was 4-5 cocktails and second time i lost count of how much whiskey and wine.
youve had this your whole life though right?
Ehhh not to this level at all. It got muuuuuuch worse with years and with me trying to overcome it, sadly. I don't see the light at the end of the tunnel. I don't have the ability to get better either. 
i think youre in a position where youre paralyzed from not wanting to do anything because you dont realize that everything falls back into equilibrium, so youre demotivated to do anything because you assume if you do youll be stuck and never feel right/ comfy again
Hmm this is true. But it would take so much effort and luck to fix my life. I don't see how i can do it. I would need to leave my country, get a bf and so on. This is higly unlikely and at best would take me a lot of time. And i'm old and tired. No one would want to deal with me and my issues and i can't fix myself on my own.
but if you got into that position would you be able to get out of it?
I would run away and never talk to that person again probably :/
i think its legitimate in the context of somebody you have a lot of legitimate trust in.
A bf, yes
but i think a lot of bottoms tend to have an extraordinarily low bar when it comes to this, a minor amount of day-to-day trust goes a long way in sexual trust/ if that person is attractive for a bottom
*called out*
I think i would probably develop feelings for guys who are nice to me
cause i wasnt in them. im not in every thread
Knew it
Same
this is why the intp/infp types compliment each other well
I see :O
Is this why it bothers me if games i beat are still installed? If i don't plan on playing more :I
to be continued
I gave up for now.  Stoped talking to my ex bf so i gave up on looking for jobs and shit 
nono, its a useful skill and its better than goyslopping your way through life especially because its technically cheaper
This is true
so why not just put yourself into those environments?
It stoped working while i was still under those circumstances
Have no reason to now anyway ^_^
its actually not that big of a deal if you can get used to fasting/ going lengths of time without eating
But i really can't
i want all the details
Disagree :3
something REAL
That's horrible ;-;
why?
Just boring idk
that when it fell off really
Lol
wha u mean?
Oh... ohhhhhhhhhhhhh i get it now
update!
Probably feeling worse now but that is unrelated to going outside. I don't think much changed
i think its something you get or dont
Probably
No! I like my house (kinda) and i like options. Woods isn't for everyone. Def not for me
although at least you weren't the kid that dreaded school starting because of bullying
I was friendly with everyone and maybe had 2-5 close friends
No
Yeah i like biking but i didn't have bike for a while but now i do and it's cool. Sea bad, boring
work that it takes to conquer it is useless
You are not a fuckin soldier waging war on society!!!!
I understand your pov but i hard disagree. Well disagree that it's better to be there, probably is for some
but youll maybe appreciate it eventually
It fucked me up and caused me great stress and only increased my psychological issues uwu
you still go?
Not that often. But i did spend almost half a year there recently. I like it there
i just dont talk to anyone ever desu...
I wish. But it's rude not to say hi back or greet people you knew since you were a child. I would rather avoid doing that too but...
none
Ouch. I remembered wrong then
i have some people i really love and relate to but if they knew i was gay would disown me so its hard to say the relationships are legitimate
Now this is very interesting, mr. Right wing whatever da fuck :P
I will show empathy though, as i understand how much that sucks. And can sorta relate though i don't care about them 
But yeah i can see what bothers you and why you come here even more now
And btw you totally lied about not going out of your way to help anons and offer advice and shit lol
Yeah!
yeah with suicide pills I can be an online basement dweller and feel nothing at all!!! woooo!!!!! 
Yes. It is an achievement. Sexual repression is a psyop to get young men into relationships they have no reason being in or getting STDS and to get young women into being giga whores and getting STDS. People should be conservative in their sexual activities. No sex until marriage or until you've been in a very long lasting relationship. 
Here have this cool picture I snagged from a few OPs ago with Rhodesian Light Infantry holding FALS(SEX!!!)
This guy wouldn't happen to be Italian, would he?
Andrea Giambruno is hot. I want him to fuck me.
is that the ancient aliens guy
you are my boyfriend now
this is a magic spell.
We like to do a little trolling
i am literally perfect. 
why does nobody realize this
the fact that nobody is realizing it should tip you off to something anony
It must mean that nobody else is perfect enough to notice.
Life is a fucking uphill battle no matter what. Its all so tiresome
No! He's not lmfao.
How do you managed to do so? Has anyone ever got close to calling you out or demanded you to talk on VC?
wahhhhhhhhh im peeing myself in my pyjamas
how do you manage to do so
waste a thousand plus hours on a dead game. I could of learned a new language in this time or something. 
Not really. Of course when a bunch of people are talking unless its funny i turn vc off. A lot of people who play tf2 are really autistic. Which can be a good thing but a lot of the time its just annoying. I avoid using VC myself because no one wants to hear your voice. Sometimes I turn text chat off too if people in chat are particularly annoying. You know sometimes you just want to shoot dudes with a minigun and not read about someone's depraved fetishes.
kek. I am impressed by your dedication, and you do have a point. Good luck with continuing your larp. hopefully nobody calls you out or tries to, but I doubt that'll happen by now.
You mean could have
Thats so hot. Fuck you you lucky cunt
Look man I am so poor retard. I'm allowed to talk all uneducated. Not one person in my family has a college education :D
Sorry for rambling on about tf2. Gotta be honest i thought you were replying to my tf2 post. Sorry for being retarded but yeah its not hard to larp as another nationality. Knew a guy who always claimed to be from the midwest. Apparently irl he lived in Germany.
had such a rough day today. when does it get better? (i know it doesn't, i just want someone to talk to me)
who says it doesn't.
They don't want you
They don't need you
They want to find you
They want to kill you
It's fine! No worries. I knew one dude who larped as Japanese. Very comedic since it was obvious he wasn't Japanese.
You and me
But I need your blood first
You must let me suck your blood
Let me lick the power from your blood
Come on, a beautiful bit
Let me suck it, come on!
Smack it up!
Let me suck it, and I can have power, and I can give you power!
Come on!
Jump it off and take it now, I need it now!
Give me the blood!
You're so hot, good looking!
Or maybe you'll feel better and get a life?
Said the sodomite
Imagine battering huetards brains out with the rough end of the pickaxe and then making love with a psycho murderer bf! It would be so delightful
canirapeyouanallyanon?
yo take them shoes off
take em off
Anon I feel fine. I'm not particularly mentally ill outside of maybe being on the spectrum. 
Uh yeah. You should avoid being a whore.
blah blah rape blah blah shut up faggot get real for a second you BPD schizo you already ran through every discord user in the thread stop fishing for more
can one of u gay sluts let me smell ur armpits and dick?
Post Urself then i do
Oi gay nony guys
How you like poppy corn?
I liek buttery, choccy and caramel
Also cheese ones
I wanna cuddle u while we watch movies and i cry then my face goes red cause i shared to much.
Are you decent looking then yes.
I like em buttery. But i really don't have them frequently.
Nony, we would both cry
I do
They upset my stomach tho, corn husks make my tummy rumble
but that would be so embarrassing ;_____; anon, i am blushing. i will let my guard down only to humiliate myself in front of bf.
I wish I could let mine down so easy
We're so a like nony
We should get a bf together
I haven't had popcorn in ages, but it never fails that I'll get a bunch stuck in my teeth.
what the fuck are you talking about you nigger
What kind of movies would you cry to? I frimly reject any and all horror movies, I can't take jumpscares at all.
legochud is funny le ebin troll i like him. How come other anons dont just avatarfag if they want a bf so bad
Movies i cried to the list no one cares about:
The Road
The Mist (suicide fuel)
Children of Men
Namhansanseong
I cried to redline, call me by your name
Sotry of a ghost, first cow, porco rosso
I will cry to the most random trauma inducing stuff
Forgot Old Boy and memories of murder oopsy
You should avoid being a lonely virgin in your 20s
Oh, also this old one
Tokyo story
I have never even heard of any of those. 
I don't watch movies hardly at all though.
Really !?
Not even one of those?
damn
We should make an r9gay movie night
I used to do that on a server, even was a group chat that everyone could type in
Which movies made YOU cry nony?
I never used to watch movies that made me cry because I didn't want to show emotion. Also why I never watched horror, I didn't want people to know I was a little bitch.
Um ackzually wouldn't that be a double negative heheh. What genre do you like? Movies are perfect for neet scums like us
Hmmm
Well horror movies you kinda get used to
I was super super scared of them when little but now i can watch them and it's comfy
in the past sci-fi or historical epics/fantasy stuff.
Basically little drama just fighting either with swords, guns or lasers. I haven't even watched a movie since I was in HS.
Dude
VHS wasn't a thing anymore when I was born
I remember we still used cassettes and floppy discs when i was a toddler
I remember the introduction of DVDs when in middle school. I remember mom taping things on VHS tapes, so much that when DVRs became a thing she still used the verb 'tape' instead of 'record' and so did I.
i am glad you like me anony
Sweet memories, that sounds good
Happy things to show a bf in those tapes
Oi
Thinking of it, what would (you) avatarfag as?
Id be a crying eevee
Keep on pwning them fags
Either Waalta White or random edgy looking rogues like vagabonds or gunmen.
There was very little footage of me, most of it was old episodes of friends or something. All those old tapes were gotten rid of when we moved.
Oh yes, historically edgy nony
Oh, well that's sad, but still something to share
Thank you nony!
Hmmm
Have you thought about making your own tapes of stuff ?
i probably cried to a few movies as a kid but i can't remember any names specifically. probably haven't since the middle of grammar school as a rough estimate. movies that are made to evoke some kind of emotion like that are usually extremely contrived anyway, it's hard to get invested into. the ones that are actually good and draw you in usually leave you with more complex feelings and/or thoughts than just sad. there are a handful of very good books that made me cry though. also avatarfagging is for niggers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Opk_kqU1wX8&amp;ab_channel=MHRCARTOON [Embed]
i remember crying when they killed that one clone
What books are that?
all quiet on the western front was a very powerful one
Damn, yes that's a heavy one
Id say this one puts very complex emotions out too
I've never cried to any clone stuff but the death of fives and the old clone dying was the most engaging
what are the anons up to
Holy fuck it's a cumsock cat. I want a cat so bad. I think im gonna visit the gym soon wby
I just got done showering and now I am here, lurking in this thread. What about you anony?
i made a big tea and drank it all
get a cat
i am going to make music
i am going to make music and then mentally prepare for work tomorrow
britanon.....
whats up anons
im alone hbu!!
i'm actually a lucky amerikanskiy
Me too bestie! im going to die alone!!!
heh me too. fingers crossed, itll happen soon
What kind of music are you going to make? I hope you have a good day at work tomorrow Tbh.
night 600-something of listening to notes of a dirty old man to avoid going insane
What dirty old man. Zizek? My favourite FUB is Nietzche
bukowski
FUB = Fairly Underwhelming Brainlet?
Bros... why are bottoms so cruel?
because we want you to put us in our place, which is face down, ass up and leaking cum while our hole recovers enough to close.
this week's hyperfixation is conway's game of life
sorry do you know that meme where it's the beginning of super mario n64 and it's peach telling mario to come over for a cake
and like the meme is that she says it's an absolutely horrid atrocious cake and for him to stay away
that's what happened to my music
Fat ugly bastards
scenes that would not even be considered sad to most people because i have very poor emotional regulation and when i feel overwhelmed by emotions i cry.
/r9gay/ hand holding glory hole
I refuse to proof read anymore. From now on all my posts will be garbage quality
based
join us
words are bullshit, fuck em
I exist Anon. Are you ginger :0
i'm an effeminate-looking man with the personality of a 40 year old blue collar alcoholic (except i don't drink)
Im also an effeminate looking chud who actually did blue collar shit for a while (im racist, i hate women and drink)
who here apathetic stealth gay. i dont think anyone close would care, i just dont have any reason to tell anyone. all that would change would be the "anon you have a girlfriend yet" to "anon you have a boyfriend yet" shit.
i used to be racist but after working shit jobs with enough black people i came to the conclusion that there's plenty of white niggers that are far worse than even the black niggers
Im anti gay gay. I tell my friends how im going to curb stomp a faggot but i love guys. They aren't even homophobic but i just find it funny
Yea ass kissers and jackcunts i hate more then any race. Wiggers don't even have the excuse of being poor most of the time wear i live
im "gays being bad is a positive thing", while also thinking im not gay, just chasing fetishes, while jerking it to the gayest shit imaginable. i just try not to think about it.
while also thinking im not gay,
you are the gayest mofo i've ever talked to 
uh care to share amigo
Probably pic rel, i like him. Alternatively Yoshikage Kira, i'm like him
Not bad
niggas really be like "i am just like sanji except instead of a pirate ship i work line at chipotle" unironically
uh, theres a lot. maybe throw out a fetish, i might have a name
Very based of you anon. I will laugh at your mistakes >:D
there is not enough gay alien/insect/parasite infestation and birthing porn out there. times like these make a man wish he was straight...
pirates had it easy
anyone else tpye out a post on their phone, then go back and remove all the puncuation and grammer corrections so it looks like your desktop posting? i cant be the only on.
kissing, docking or mating press
kek
i use a different language keyboard from app store and it doesn't automatically capitalize or have any sort of correction features enabled by default for latin characters
Imagine phoneposting
Now imagine phonephosting about one piss
I do this sometimes for things that get capitalised
phoneposters get a bad rap
i'm not phoneposting because i'm out being a normalfag, i'm phoneposting because i'm too lazy to get out of bed
everyday is a gift and i thank God for the opportunities he gave me
Good night
Every Day Is Like A SHIFT At The Mines.... Muscles Hurt, Need Beer, And Hate My Wife............
You just mind raped 10 twinkshitters on lgbt hood nigga. Good night you legend
god damn it i wrote a whole jokey shitpost that unrionically recommended an artist and forgot it was a fucking female. i wasnt really into any of those fetishes but you said kisses and i jumped to extreme french kisses with distension but forget the bloody gender
Good night, ventiposter. Glad you are avatarfagging again heh
you saw that? that's crazy my nigga...
did you like my hair?
Stfu nigga, i do the same thing :I
Fuck you
-TWO TOURS GOD BLESS
-POSTED FROM MY CHEVY CAMARO
Anyone else as one-dimensional as I?
i should just change keyboards but i cannot get it to NOT autocorrect
you stole my picturw. I will rape youuuuuu
i wish. must be comfy
That was based as fuck and yea its very fluffy.
Nah yeah i guess im ok with female male stuff. Don't hold out on me brother.
the problem is if I turn off autocorrect entirely I have to retype real words 5 times because I have poor fine motor control
proposal: if you have ever posted on /lgbt/ once in your fucking live for any reason, stay there
I had a lot of fun trolling the shit out of them. I almost got some uggo hrt nigga to kill himself but Personally i don't thing God would approve if I witnessed such a thing. religious reasons.
It's kind of empty a bit. And can get very suicidal if your current things don't work out, because you have no alternative of any kind.
How many dimensions do you have anon?
No i didn't?! You used one or two that i used though. Get rekt &lt;3
i would rape and kill your entire family if given the opportunity
well, in a nutshell i wasnt into your things specifically, but you said kissing, so i went to extreme french kissing with throat bulge. with random live stock. with a furry, renamon. sorry, its the best i could do. ungulatr. thats a name, not a captcha.
im operating on like a 1.02, maybe 1.03
I have no reason to get out of bed. It's very warm now and i have nothing fun to do when i get up
Alright anon. Im asking you a bit much but i want your most supreme.. degenerate art. I want to see your fucking worst. I want to puke
Well that isn't too far of from my one (1). What's a hallmark of yours anon? I am quite obsessive about a few sciences.
Ok.
I am glad anon is proud of me i would kiss him if given the chance
My phone has no autocorrect or grammar check
i would kiss you on the cheek as well my fellow edgy rapist warrior. I wish we had more people that could raids on /tttt/ desu
can we get married avatarfag anonnyyyyy
i will marry you too 
whoever marrys me first will have me foreverrrrr
I'm not an avatarfag and fuck that other dazaifag. And fuck you too. I prefer keeping you at a safe distance you psychoslut troll
You kinda funny
poor ventianony will never get a husbando at this rate...
Yea neither will any of us. By the way i call first dibs on cute schizo bf
are you talking to me (cute schizo bf)??????
i just float between favorite fetishes, anon, and half the time its an image with 1 (one) result. right now for me its "in_the_nose_out_the_mouth", snorting cum and regurgitating it out of the mouth.
i dont know why but i must see all the pictures and acquire all the pictures
reddit edit meme: its pretty vanilla but i never miss a chance to mention meandraco in alien threads
oof i reddit formatted the fuck outta that. also adding onto that nasal penetration, and cumming INTO nostrils. not just cum dripping in or out, cock to nose, jerking off, deep inhalations, sorta shit
outside of that im pretty normal i think
Nah you got bpd not schizophrenia. I think i can handle mild schizophrenia but you would probably destroy me 
That was such an acute description it's hilarious kek.
unironically more cool world building then sexy
yeah i sorta agree. i kinda just like that they are actually out there, not just "alien but it girl with blue skin!"
GOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
ANOTHER DAY
ANOTHER DOLLR
RISE AND SHINE? MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND
https://youtu.be/bPrT0Fzzwsg [Embed]
shout out to the yodie family ya know what im sayin have an EXQUISITE day my friendamigos, my munchbuggies
like youve got options
is there any sunglasses you can wear with glasses
I have option of fucking your mom
I have a lot of cute shirts >\\\&lt;
show you drip then
Idk about that anon. Don't wanna make anyone jelly. m-maybe some psycho could recognize me in public D:
true desuuuu. Just post a shop pictures i guess.
I have no idea what you're trying to say but yes so true I agree 100 percent dude.
listen everything i say is all fake nicotine cgi greenscreen but if YOU woke up and breathed AIR today YOU are valuable you feel me real yodi gang shit
thats pretty depressing
did cigerrettes break ytour mind rthtawrsadf
Ill mention few i rarely wear but really like :3
I have one with that google dinasaur game. He is pink and the background is white. I have few teddy bear shirts that are edgycute. And a lot of cool color combination ones, like black and yellow or white and black. Pic rel
I thought about posting on /fa/ but i already know they look good
Your mom won't be depressed after i'm done with her. You on the other hand might be
That looks awful. Just wear bandshirts and polos. Easy.
i only go out once every few months so i only wear t shirts and boxers desu
You have shit taste lol
I will never wear trash like that. I like under armour and sporty shirts. Anime merch
based i like the dino shirt but the chotic one looks like a roblox clothing. The whole fit is prbably bette
I wear shit like this
based no correct spelginh poster
Why? I think black&amp;white shirts look cool inherently :/
What else do you wear? That shirt looks like something a kid would wear bro
come on man
Some asshole called me at 9 am few times from an unknown number and didn't even intoduce himself. When i started speaking he hung up. He probably called a wrong number but faggot woke me up and i couldn't fall asleep after. I wish death upon him whoever he is
gonna daydream about having a bf all of today too
Zaku BVLL
Black and white anime esque is just what cool zoomies wear these days and kids on roblox emulate it. I also wear plaids on top to ward off normie shitters from approaching me.
anon heard someones last desperate attempts to call 911 and just blew it off
Gfhfjcivkrcifkekx
Good, i hope he died
there are no pancakes in the walls
Two days until eid!
can't get out of bed
too bad you still found a way to make this post
What the actual fuck is wrong with me. Also no one asked but i needed to tell you
Just go out and meet them nony
Best case scenario you get to help us unlucky guys
Worse, you get back here and post about it like just now
black &amp; white is fashion without style, for people who wanna look cool but are scared of being seen
bragging about your success helps fucking nobody
same but i looked at a fag i know to feel the disgust.
now i want to get on my knees and beg him to mount my face, so i think it didn't work.
Yea but then i could never talk to the chuds again. I love my fellow chuds more then gay people i think
actually this too i think it would only make chuds depressed. God knows i did.
Stopping yourself from dating abd being happy because of the opinion of incel chuds? That's kinda dumb
Bitch you aren't my fellow anything
my chud brothers here told me i am theres and we should all die together. THEY ARE MY BROTHERS
i should of listen to my parents when i was a teenager and brushed my teeth everyday.
i'm going to have dentures by the time i'm 40 and frankly i'm looking forward to being able to chew again
Go to a dentist, now. Trust me Anon. It's gonna a lot more painful and expensive the longer you wait.
Doesn't hurt at all. It'll be fine. Also im poor so. If it starts hurting real badly at some point I'jj just pull it out myself like a MAN YEAAAH
I'm revoking your chud card
Don't bother returning the uniform, we'll invoice you
I'm going to go brush now be right back
I deserve to be raped.
You can't make me discharge faggot you are not my co. Only ventichud can.
I will kill this whore if she doesn't start playing actual workout music. I can't take it anymore, hate this gym
wear headphones??
thanks for advice i will do now
I would only make you listen to tool and there would be no escape
I would only make you listen to korn and there would be no escape
https://youtu.be/_nygVtq7IXU [Embed]
motorhead ace of spades and iron maiden fear of the dark albums on repeat forever
welcome to the gym of sisyphus where u NEVER get big
https://youtu.be/F5Kc9Fcm0Cw [Embed]
https://youtu.be/bNsJ3MhhiYQ [Embed]
sigh
Tool is excellent for workouts, as is Motley Crue
most of mine goes to my thighs
i prefer my ears ringing while my vision goes gray tyvm
The face of denial
racist
No bf for racist chuds like you, only loneliness 
Checks out
oh someone's using my danzai again, much like argentinigger you will never replicate the lightning in a bottle personality that i have curated over the years on this board
nta but what if I just dated another chud?
date me, anon, just tell me where you are
How's that working out for you so far? 
Other chuds are as incapable of real life dating as you are.
saying racist chuds find no love is a bit weird because wouldn't they just get with other chuds? i never understand that argument because it implies chuds seek out non-chuds. that's the point of being a chud, you only like chuds.
the only thing holding us back is distance, and also the jews but if we first defeat the former our victory over the latter is assured
what do you mean by that?
the only thing that makes you retarded is you responding to hue
i find it kind of funny that the anti hue guy gets 0 replies while hue gets 1-3 replies on all his posts
hue is back? where has he been? what is the update
there is no update, he's still the same cunt he's always been
true. but
he cant stand up to socratic questing of his claim, he will have to say something like racism is bad and supporting it makes you a retard or that supporting racism makes you socially toxic and the point is that he cant standup to "why" if repeated enough. because he has no basis in principles or anything else; hes hollow, and its funny to watch niggers such as that squirm
anti hue posters dont want replies, replies would only further derail the thread. zero (you)s necessary
so? It's not like he ever bothers addressing the content of posts replying to him
he just talks past you, repeats his three scripted talking point, and stinks up the thread
everyone's experience is made worse by your encouragement of him
hue is so cool, hes such a dashing provocateur...
yeah thats true, i do always think i can keep him on the point though. but what you said is why i havent argued with him in forever
Feels good mogging 90% of sex havers in the gym. I could beat them all up in a fight. They only live because i allow it
I will outlive you. I will piss on your grave in my black &amp; white shirt
bet you couldn't manhandle me.
yeah, you aren't fit enough to make me feel all weak and small. n-nerd.
Most accurate description of hue
when someone i agree with shitposts
haha so based, you owned them
ugh same three lines, you are ruining the thread
You should beat me up instead, anon
How do i get boys to buy me games? I could use some simps
bungo SHITNIGGER dogs ruined dazai for me which is a damn shame because setting sun is damn near close to an example of perfect literature as we'll ever get
I wanna bitchslap her so bad
Put out and maybe I'll feel bad for your broke ass
just ask your boyfriend
my teeth themselves are actually still nice, but my gums have got to be diseased or something. every time i brush my teeth they bleed profusely, like, concerningly so
how often do you brush? How often do you floss? Unless you do it regularly your gums will bleed.
brush
every day or 2, sometimes more but usually at that frequency
i've only done that shit like 3 times in my life
yeah your gums shouldn't bleed like that. Do all of them bleed or just a couple? Talk to your dentist about it next time to see them.
I'm not a hoe
I would feel bad for him. I need someone i don't care for to do this ^_^
This is the average homosexual mindset. Its basically a direct from the female mindset. They have no morals nor any real commitments. Even when they have a "boyfriend" they still mess around with other people. its quite disgusting and there is a reason why most cultures in history hated fags because they are just women but with none of upsides(reproducing).I think it would be beneficial to society if people like you were put into concentration camps and forced to work 18 hours a day. Please leave this thread and never come back.
i will murder all whores
Nooo dont kill yourself mexichud your life is valuable.
You are a attention whore yourself. You come here to grovel at our feet and beg for (you)s for avatar fagging. You are not interesting. You will never be a real woman.
Wife Says Snore Too Loud Your In The Dog House...Next Night I Snore Louder.....Dog House Is Where I Keep Beer And Dirty Magazines......
a couple of niggers have been stalking me on this website. be safe out there
nah just a couple of trannys don't wanna see a real nigga happy and handsome no cap Fr Fr
im only doing it for your own safety... i dont want you to murder yourself !!
You Iook like the kind of person who fucks a guy in the ass and doesn't have the courtesy to ejaculate inside him
it's tough having problems cumming. you wouldn't understand a man like me...
i will chop you up into little pieces and feed you to my mexican dog ^_^
jhjhhhh
sleepy
I like games like prototype because they make you feel like a god, it's very reletable
being alone creeps up on me everyday
i will end my life in a blaze of glory
