I went from 250lbs neet loser to fit, in college, with my own place and job within the last year. I fucked 5 girls this month (only 2 were ugly) and i still feel completely empty. Sex doesnt make you feel better, it just makes you crave love more. I was just as depressed as an incel, but atleast i never knew what could be. Literally .001% of the modern women population will actually legitimately love you (ive tried starting legitimate relationships multiple times with women most of you guys would probably consider to be trad, they never work out) the best you can get is a one night stand that cuddles with you. Dont get me wrong, the cuddling is the best thing ever (honestly better then sex) but the next morning when she leaves the apartment and your alone again its 10x worse then the loneliness i felt as an incel
boohoo I am having sex 
Nice bait
Maybe improve your life faggot and you will see how bad things really are.
If she doesn't "love" you then you're not a chad, simple as senpai. You're still an incel like the rest of us, most men are.
Nope. Modern women are incapable of love.
probs b8 but I'll humor you
You ever think the problem is if you're able to have casual sex the women who do it with you when they give it up as easy as they do why would you believe they could ever be the love you crave and not just a hole for you to humble brag about?
As a longterm incel that finally had sex and female attention a few times OP is full of shit.
It's not as great as we hoped (because women are slutty pieces of shit like OP says) but it feels far better than it did being a virgin incel loser.
in college
You could have saved yourself some text and told us you are a child who doesnt know shit about the world
This is what happens when you're lied to from childhood that real love is a common thing and that you too will find it one day. Sex without love is meaningless, thats your main issue. No amount of empty sex will fill that hole.
humble brag
Sex is literally so easy. Im addicted to it because im addicted to feeling loved. Im not bragging i look in the mirror and feel utterly pathetic. Ive tried meeting women who dont sleep around, ones what will actually care about me. They dont fucking exist. Maybe when im 30 i can find a used up whore who has matured enough to feel love, but that is just as depressing.
It feels better for a night, but the realization that none of it matters hurts more then just being alone all the time
Sex is literally so easy.
I relate to incels
Im not bragging i look in the mirror and feel utterly pathetic.
I fucked 5 girls this month (only 2 were ugly) 
Oh 2? really? so 3 were hot?, I see...
Ive tried meeting women who dont sleep around, ones what will actually care about me. They dont fucking exist.
Collage chicks is his only experience, you know the suck dick and adderall kind. It sure seems hopeless
OP again, all the girls were trans btw, idk if that matters
You are very naive for believing that they can't "love" just because they can't "love" you. "Love" is toilets wanting to be ploughed by their bf more than one time, and you have not made the cut, which makes you an incel. Many girls chase after the same extremely good looking guys, they aren't very common mind you. Forget top 20%, it's people like you who can get used as a boytoy once who are in the top 20%. To be that desired guy who roasties "love", just be the top 1% bro. 
I am where you are and I admit it's awful. No relationship ever because toilets can't stand the thought of regularly getting penetrated by me. Chad (not (You)) and Stacy really are the only winners in life.
Virgin hands that get raped 5 times daily typed this post.
Virgin hands that get raped 5 times daily typed this post
Yeah I feel you. Had a few ONS in the past and it didn't really make me feel any better. Was basically just using a body to masturbate with.
It's nice to have that monkey off of my back but in the grand scheme of things I still feel the same. Craving love and genuine intimacy. Not going to get that from a ONS and most definitely wont get it from a prostitute.
