Going out shopping Edition
It's Momcest Monday. You guys know what it is all about, share pictures and thoughts on milfs or your own lovely mom.
Previous thread: https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72896628/
Thread Question: What does your mom usually wear out in public and has she ever dressed sexy for something casual like getting groceries at the local supermarket? Would you change anything about your mom's style for when she out together with you, and if so what would you change?
momcest
ew
Interesting thread about anon having sex with his mom currently active right now: >>72984056 →
You are mentally deranged. Stop.
This is a Freudian board. Our son-brothers will be posting here someday.
Are there ever threads about slutty moms?
I have this fetish but unfortunately my mom's obese, ugly and textbook definition of a manchild but female.
There's been 4-5 threads attempting to create a general on the weekends but it has been unsuccessful. There's enough people mentioning slutty moms here that it feels like it could sustain some discussion.
I came to the realization this board is utterly useless without the /mcg/ up
im getting slight vibes this may be an anon who posted before on /b/ before about watching tv with his drunk mom and her noticing his boner
as per usual, hoping for some quality updates
@gothmom-anon (PLEASE)
@shortstack bro
@auntfem-anon
@rlg bro
@ass-masseur
@errands-anon
@uk-anon
DAY... DAY...DAY..
cucksons will just have to settle for the mom ntr threads on /h/
So many mums' threads. Not that I'm complaining
How's it going, r bro
Today's my 2 month anniversary. Sex is starting to fall off.. Last time was easter after she met my family. But it's been good otherwise, no arguments for a long time
I've been thinking about gothmom and rimming the whole week. Praying for some good news
Sex is starting to fall off..
Yeah, time goes by, excitement levels off...
TQ
Usually just mom jeans and a camisole. I'd put her in a maternity dress.
What does your mom usually wear out in public and has she ever dressed sexy for something casual like getting groceries at the local supermarket?
Mom is pretty conservative when in public, she doesn't really wear anything revealing or sexy, at most yoga pants when she goes for her walks which really highlight her cheeks. But at home she's pretty skimpy, wearing a baggy shirt with no bra and just underwear, love seeing her tits jiggle under the shirt. She also had a habit of just coming out of the bathroom naked after a shower, expecting nobody to be there, I of course would be waiting, but now (probably after repeated "accidents") she brings her clothes in with her and gets dressed before exiting
Would you change anything about your mom's style for when she out together with you, and if so what would you change?
I wouldn't mind if she wore something hotter when she's out with me, something like a tight dress, nothing too slutty, just something that would allow me to compliment her and say how sexy she looks
How do I convince my mother to stop getting botox? It just makes her face look round. I'd like her to age beautifully.
Shower her with sincere compliments about how good she looks and that she doesn't need it. Also make her aware of the risks with botox and how it can go wrong
Good news
I finally have a gift to buy for mom, it's a dress that she really wants. Will take couple of weeks before it arrives though.
Bad news
I was hugging mom last time I visited and perhaps I overdid it, she was busy doing something and I got in the way so she pushed me after asking me to stop. I got irrationally mad (I was more so angry about the whole situation with her rather than this single action) and I promptly decided to leave, she wanted to go somewhere so we got into the car together and in the way she didn't really apologize but asked me to be more forgiving and not less resentful. I didn't nudge.
random thoughts
Reading the success stories here (whether larp or not) and consuming momcest media from time to time has been demoralizing to me which is the opposite effect of what you would expect. Because every week I'd visit mom and plan on doing stuff with her but it never works out. Every week I get to experience my hopes and expectations shatter. It is driving me nuts. A single woman her age with her looks refusing to sometimes cuddle or even hug a young good looking man half her age who is obsessed with her makes no sense. I'm starting to think the taboo is unbreakable.
it's a dress that she really wants
describe the dress
I was more so angry
dang rlg bro, you need to check your anger management if wanna make progress and als find the *right moments for affection
starting to think the taboo is unbreakable
As you've read multiple times, it only happens when mommy decides it needs to happen. Your only duty is to show your interest and keep pushing boundaries.
Should you go uk-anon's way and maybe get a gf, while lusting and waiting on mom? Perhaps a valid option too.
she pushed me after asking me to stop
do you think was she irritated with *what* you were doing or *when*?
Finnanon, updates please
some anons mommy on /h/
very, very nice
he needs some professional advice from mcg
My mom wears lots of dresses, sundresses and the long flowing ones. She's slender with decent curves so she looks nice.
It seems like hes obsessed with his mama .Well , I would rape my old hag if she had an ass like that
had a habit of just coming out of the bathroom naked after a shower
Describe her body? Are you making any moves?
could you link the thread plz? did you suggest he should join us?
This is a Freudian board
It isn't
You guys are just retards.
Your mothers must be very disappointed.
some anons are quite slow on progress, yes...
Its the momcest thread on /h/
Momcest Monday
You mean, CHADSON Century!
Why are you guys even like this?
Do you have brain damage?
On the contrary, I know that she's very proud of me. My excessive affection towards her is also a big part of her happiness, my ongoing attempt to fuck her has made both of our lives better.
my ongoing attempt to fuck her has made both of our lives better
This is the way.
Why do you want to fuck your mom?
It's a fetish ffs. Go back to lurking.
anons, I watched a video sometime ago where a lady makes fetish videos. in the video father give some alcohol to son and as a birthday gift let her fuck his mother, and join them eventually. can some helpful anon get the link to that video pls? I have been looking all over but can't find it
I just do, or rather I need to do it. I could give a bunch of different reasons ranging from pure love, to an out-of-control fetish, to some emotional trauma, to pathological narcissism, but it's all just excuses. All my instincts tell me that I should take and breed the woman that gave birth to me since there are no one else like her and I don't want to settle for anything less than all of her affection and sexual submission. I am made for my mom and she's made for me. I will have her spreading her legs open to invite me inside.
Nah, some of you are actively encouraging others to go fuck their mothers.
I think you could possibly have some childhood trauma. That is very abnormal.
No fucking way. Literally in the perfect position to get railed too.
Of course, the world would be a better place if more people would fuck their mother.
Not wanting to fuck you mother is unnatural. I won't reply to any braindead frogposter anymore, a few posts are enough to enliven the thread a little but more will just shit it up.
encouraging to push boundaries. there's no chance of it happening unless mom's down too, i assure thee.
Gothmom-anon here. I heard your summons. At work at the moment so can't give a big post. Got an update I'm excited to share so hold on. I guess ask some questions while I'm away so I have something to reply to.
I will have her spreading her legs open to invite me inside
*standing ovation*
Of course, the world would be a better place if more people would fuck their mother.
How so? It sound so vile, I think you guys have been conditioned by porn to think like this.
Not wanting to fuck you mother is unnatural.
Yeah that's what I mean. You guys will say stupid bullshit like this.
encouraging to push boundaries. there's no chance of it happening unless mom's down too, i assure thee.
That is one way to completely ruin your relationship with your mother and family.
ask some questions while I'm away
that's kinda hard to do without knowing what went on... maybe you could give some hints? succesful flirting? some action? the .. whole way???
Most artificial thread on 4chan.
I meant more if you have any questions about what we may have done in the past, thoughts, how it felt, whatever.
It was some partial action. Definate step forward. Finishing my break in 5 so I'll update later.
not sure what more to ask desu.. we went quite in depth last time. i'll tell you though, the rimming part is pretty tough to swallow, esp her on you and at that age...
Anyway, pls go into abundant details about how the party went, how the flirting started, how it progressed and then went into action... and next steps...
thread question
Dresses pretty modestly, but for some reason wears lace panties for some big family parties like weddings etc
In short - actually managed to squeeze out a massage after so long yesterday, the only problem was that the pants didn't go down this time
In short - actually managed to squeeze out a massage after so long
was just about to ask
details galore nao.
@confession-anon, any updates?
Errands
Staying with mom right now while whe heals. She saw my dick yesterday.
Always walk to room nude after a shower at home
Do it without thinking and have to walk right past my mom at half mast
She mentions my lack of clothes later
Tell her honestly I just do it this way at home and wasn't thinking
She saw my dick yesterday
not wasting any time
Do it without thinking
was it really without thinking tho??
She mentions my lack of clothes later
what did she say exactly? did she seem suprised? angry? amused? ...curious?
Tell her honestly I just do it this way at home 
her response? did she ask to change your ways at her place? anything happened after that?
It really was without thinking. I don't like getting dressed in the bathroom, just too cramped. She basically said "Well you don't have anything new to me so just make sure there's nobody visiting when you do it". Nudity doesn't really bug her.
try full mast next time
give hug or initiate cuddling later
she'll be thinking about it the whole time
Nudity doesn't really bug her
Have you seen her naked?? describe if yes
I figured next time I would start jerking off in the shower and just not finish to come out mostly hard. Maybe throw on my fav shorts after since they are comfy and don't hide a boner well
We crossed our paths in the hallway and she complained about neck pain and that general area. Started massaging her while standing up, then told her to maybe lay down. She wanted to go on the couch where we wouldn't be alone but i told her to go to the bedroom to which she agreed.
She laid down on her stomach and j started working her neck and upper back while trying to poke her crack with my boner while sitting on her thighs, didnt really succeed because i couldn't adjust the angle well (she wore tracksuit leggings). She was very talkative throughout the process, and i could see the massage was hitting her cuz she moaned the whole time.
I got bored and started moving my hands down her back slowly and i could feel how more silent she was becoming, could be just a coincidence. By the time i was at waistline, we talked about her stretch marks on the lower back and whatnot, then she said it was good and got up halfway to the side. Now, she mentioned how something was "big" but cant remember what we were talking about, to which i replied "what about the ass?" while touching it, and she interpreted it as offering the ass massage to which she said she's good now and was about to turn on her side. But i caught her halfway and started pressing her right under the cheek bone (the one on which you sit, deep under the buttocks) and that reaally hit the spot, she immediately moaned. I worked her thighs and everything down there, spanked her and all. Eventually got her to lay down again. I gently grabbed her waist band and attempted to lower her leggings. She refused saying it was too cold which it really was, that bedroom was like a cellar, so i guess she didnt bluff at the very least.
All in all, it seemed like she moaned and gasped way more than usual this time, or my memory is just faulty and didn't notice it earlier. I had my phone in voice recorder and camera on the standby but never really saw some interesting opportunity cuz i didnt even get her ass out.
a-m bro, that was some fucking great read... 
she complained about neck pain and that general area
mommy initiating. nice.
told her to go to the bedroom to which she agreed
so compliant...
moving my hands down her back slowly and i could feel how more silent she was becoming
sexual tension increasing
she mentioned how something was "big"
needs futher explanation
But i caught her halfway and started pressing her right under the cheek bone (the one on which you sit, deep under the buttocks) and that reaally hit the spot, she immediately moaned. I worked her thighs and everything down there, spanked her and all. Eventually got her to lay down again. I gently grabbed her waist band and attempted to lower her leggings.
sounds like a couple of horny teens sneaking and fooling around
I want MOAAARR
needs further explanation
I cant remember what we talked about if my life depended on it. That earlier part of the dialogue is very vague but i think something "big" in question was really something banal. As i said, in response i asked her about her ass.
So there's that, first realtime session here.
why does momcest stay up but siscest which is objectively less degenerate gets taken down? momcest is definitely glowies
I should clarify that me being nude never bothered her, same for my siblings. She doesn't go nude but never cared if we did.
seemed like she moaned and gasped way more than usual
very encouraging
was all that moaning driving you insane?
anon, im the one making them lately and they just dont get replies. no updates, no regulars, no fantasies, no asking for advice... there's analbro and brosis, but they aint enough to keep it going. just enjoy the momcest, i guess
we all have a mother complex. This is hardly surprising given that our mothers are literally the matrix, knitting us together into bodily and psychic being. On the bodily level, our mother gestates us from the moment of conception, bathing us in her chemical signals, carrying us as her oxygen and nutrient-rich blood pulsates through us, her hormonal cascades keeping us in sync with the stages of intrauterine development, and finally tuning us exquisitely to the momentous event of our birth. After birth, her oxytocin bonds us to her in a state of blissful union. Slowly she awakens us to the world around us, infusing it with magic and wonder, so that everything around us is lit up by her love and pleasure, the flowers that she points out to us, the moon, all become aspects of her. For the rest of our lives, we will long to recapture that first romance, the lost paradise of her love.
I feel the same way.
She's actually very similar in build to that gif. But yeah, moans came to me as a surprise desu.
Most of the sisterfucking discussion is in /b/ incest threads. Its almost exclusively cousins and sisters there, rarely does any motherfucker stumble upon that thread.
Milfs will be provided in the merge.
How do you plan to get her increasingly horny?
maybe try that gif move next time pants go down. make them jiggle
Cant do that when she still has her panties on, maybe i could when i wedge them in.
I have no idea. Don't really have a coherent plan.
in response i asked her about her ass.
i find that satisfactory enough
Meeting up with my mother for the first time since Christmas on Saturday. Any tips for making the most of it? We'll just be having brunch.
a-m, but how will you find time for 1hr+ sessions if you start hitting that, if you barely find time to massage alone?
momcest is definitely glowies
Unironically this.
I have never seen such fake threads on 4chan as these.
Any tips for making the most of it?
What would you like to achieve? Have you posted here before, momfren?
Most of that doesn't make sense why you would see here sexually.
Most people don't feel that way about their mother.
If CIA wants me to fuck my mom, I shall obediently comply
I want to knock her up in the cafe toilets before she drops me off at the train station but I know that's unrealistic.
want to knock her up in the cafe toilets before she drops me off at the train station
unbelievable based
anon, you need to tell us more about your momlust if havent before
Sisters and cousins are fair game. No one is surprised or shocked, we've all been there. 
Fucking your own mother means navigating dangerous waters.
I've spoke about her on here before. We were really close when I was living with her in high school. Used to go swimming together, give her massages, and do her hair. I rarely see her anymore since I work away from home.
When I was younger my mother would casually walk around naked in the house and I'd always look at her. Whenever she'd catch me staring I'd get embarrassed and she'd tease me. I remember her saying along the lines of "one day if you're lucky, you can find a woman who looks like mommy and then you can stare all you want" Now I only look for women with her body type. Nice hairy bush, big boobs, chubby. I can basically only get hard for that mombod look.
I would start a war in Iraq, Syria, Libya, and Ukraine for those titties
pretty hot. moms like that basically condition you for momcest... your age at the time?
You're crazy if you thought we would have such long sessions, this aint porn. 15 minutes are more than enough. But yeah, time has always been a problem for us. However when we do find it, it doesn't seem to lack.
not a lot of opportunities with such short sporadic visits
maybe get tipsy together at home and feel her up a bit
You're saying I should invite her over? Sounds like a good start.
15 minutes are more than enough
so just sneaking around for quickies? no cuddling in the afterglow?
Definitely. Share a bottle of wine, ask her to lay down and rest, cuddle a bit...
kiss neck, fondle tits, finger pussy
Like 8 or 9. It wasn't until I was like 12 when she stopped walking around naked though. She probably knew puberty was coming.
Posting some old notes
Some more old momcest notes
Semirelated but i love those momcest porn videos about sons coming back home after doing a a tour of duty and their moms fucking them because they missed their sons so much. It's like a whole subgenre within momcest.
I mean we can cuddle all we want we just need to put our clothes on not to raise any suspicion if someone walks in on us. But 1hr of straight up sex is a no no.
Something like this?
https://pornzog.com/video/6482368/mother-and-son-bathing-and-classic-erotic/
Hot as fuck. Bonus points if the mother is widowed and her son has to step in as man of the house.
Exactly like that, that scenario always make me diamonds, maybe it IS a psyop after all but i can't fight against a silver haired mom with fat breasts
all that moaning and panting got me thinking she's ready for some tidd exploring
The more you fuck your mom the more of a baby you become.
There are no words for how bad I want to squeeze her tummy and call her mommy while I'm cumming inside her hairy pussy
I got the green light the last two times, we'll see how long it will stay on
the lights are stuck on green, my fren
Yeah, many have moms that already made up their mind and wouldn't fuck their sons under any circumstances. I dont know for sure if thats your situation but even if it is, its not the end of the world, still a lot of other stuff to do in your life. After all who even got to fuck their mother? Like, 1% of all guys that want to, you're not alone.
@shortstack bro, are you here?
Any one ever posted about knocking up their mom?
Your mom is the hardest lay there is. Sisters and cousins are easy in comparison. Both are in their prime, high libido, immature, irresponsible and curious just like you, way easier to fold... The list goes on.
in their prime, high libido, immature, irresponsible and curious just like you
describes some mid 40s mommies quite well too
You turn into a baby and your momwife has to raise you again
Oh no!
https://files.catbox.moe/9a3mav.mp4
https://files.catbox.moe/d7rugt.mp4
https://files.catbox.moe/55pveb.mp4
https://files.catbox.moe/dgufyt.mp4
https://files.catbox.moe/hke2w6.mp4
https://files.catbox.moe/c6o5vp.mp4
https://files.catbox.moe/07hppy.mp4
yeah but the possibility of a mature woman that raised a kid to have all these traits is extremely low
This is analbro. The momcest thread is the only refuge here really. I miss the siscest threads. We actually met up over the Easter holidays and fucked a bunch.
Tfw my mom is a silverfox thicc gilf and i have to watch her walk around the house in supertight leggins everyday
Both a blessing and a curse.
Hey a-bro, where did you do it? Are youse still into butt stuff as much these days or switched to more conventional?
You ever found out if you actually impregnated your mom, goth mom anon? Also were you the one that said he went to a party?
silverfox thicc gilf walking around the house in supertight leggins
uhm pics?
Tldr on all these anons?
You got a girl, R Anon?
That's a very accurate description of my mom too. Some moms just keep getting better with age.
Help this fella out
OK, so I can go into detail now while I'm on my way home but then got some errands so I'll disappear a bit.
The flirting started
Fast forward to when we've had a few drinks and getting drunk. It's my uncles birthday
Aunt is embarrassing my teen cousin and how he forgot to lock the door, she walked in while he was taking a shit and saw his dick
All laughing when mom one ups aunt and says she's walked in on me jerking off, she's looking at me shocked. Asked how awkward it was
Mom says "oh it was really awkward, I walked straight out but not before I'd had an eyeful. I'm surprised no one has locked him down already"
My aunt just looked at me blushing
The flirting continues
talking with mom alone on the sofa, careful that no one can hear
"you just walked out?"
"I did walk out, but only the first time. So I wasn't lying."
"oh? And the other times?"
"well, I'm not proud of it but I'm a woman at the end of the day" with a big smile
she patted me on the thigh and got up to talk to my aunt.
Things get blurry at this point because we were all getting really drunk
Uncle is singing his head off
we're all hugging and singing together, kissing each other on the cheek etc
go for it and kiss mom on the lips
she looks at me a little shocked THEN GOES BACK IN FOR ANOTHER! Which was longer than it should be between mother and son
she tells "you shouldn't be doing that anon"
thankfully no one noticed
Going home
Taxi's arriving
waiting with everyone outside
mom started hugging me and said "and what was that before?"
"I couldn't resist"
"you know we can't do that anymore anon"
I froze up because she started subtly rubbing me with her hand and I got rock hard instantly 
"Ah, it's as big as I remember it though"
she pulled away at that point
I had to go to my own place because I had work in the morning, I was so pissed off. And it would've been weird going home with her because I live in the opposite direction.
So yeh. That's the update.
Some moms just keep getting better with age.
I feel that. My mom was cute when she was younger but she's just gotten more attractive in my eyes
so she goes for kisses too and rubs you to get you hard, compliments it and then it's "we can't do that anymore"?
bullshit. keep pushing, successbro. 
when are you meeting again?
Sex is starting to fall off.
it's so fucking over
"Ah, it's as big as I remember it though"
she wants it. dreams about it.
"but I'm a woman at the end of the day"
use these words against her next time she pretends to get reluctant
gothmom-anon
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72811445/#72842151
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72896628/#72916500
shortstack bro
https://archived.moe/b/thread/894716634/#894729558
auntfem-anon
Aunt that started having sex with her nephew, couldn't find the first posts.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72811445/#72819112
rlg bro
Has a religous mom in her 40s.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71652739/#71687836
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71845719/#71869540
ass-masseur
Massages his mom's ass when he cans, almost fingered her asshole.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71169649/#71169985
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71457765/#q71473508
errands-anon
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72384561/#72396906
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72560068/#72562738
uk-anon
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72384561/p#72384892
Oh we still fucking live butt stuff. We did anal only for about 4 or 5 years so it grows on you. We had a family get together and a quick 5 minute fuck when no one was around. Lately it's mainly been cumming inside because she's been super horny for having a kid but yes we still do a lot of butt stuff.
"we can't do that anymore anon"
started subtly rubbing me
yeah... she wants it and fighting it a bit. but that only makes it hotter.
gothmom-bro, you're in the midst of building up the tension. don't let it up and it will happen next time you're in a room alone with her
Source????? This shit is gold...
"you shouldn't be doing that anon"
"you know we can't do that anymore anon"
I'm getting paintanon flashbacks.
Keep doing it, success-anon.
Looks like a chapter cover from Omae no Kaa-chan, Ii Onna da yo na by Eguchi Chibi. I know because I've been waiting for these niggers at exhentai to just put all the fucking chapters in a single gallery for fucking ages now
Omae no Kaa-chan, Ii Onna da yo na
VN by orcsoft, untranslated. The MC and his friend seduces each other's moms and do some swinging.
There's a translated 8-part manga adaptation by Eguchi Chibi. The MC is less Chad-like than in the VN and it feel more like ntr at some parts.
been cumming inside because she's been super horny for having a kid
you mean she demands creampies and hoping to get preggo?
You forgot to mention that the moms are hairy as fuck.
cucksons, the mom ntr thread seems better suited for you >>>/h/7311398
How old is she, analbro?
How do you know about such a cuck thread? Are you a cuck?
It's not NTR, just swinging. No matter how you feel about swinging, NTR is very different from it. Basically just two bros doing shit with their own moms and each other's moms and sometimes the moms are doing stuff together too.
give this a try, esp. part 2
https://www.literotica.com/s/lindas-discovery
Maternal cuckolding is based
It's degenerate as hell but we shouldn't pretend like this thread is strictly about pure love. We have cases like paint-anon and his non-exclusive relationship with his mom, no one is telling him to leave despite most wanting an exclusive relationship with their own mom. 
Also seconding this >>72994616
For me it's simply moms being sexual that I find hot, regardless of the context.
the non-exclusive part form paintanon's story hit me deeply. i cant imagine getting mommys love and then having to share it... truly a stoic guy
Well a lot of guys here are with non-divorced moms too
Thot moms are a blessing
Living the dream
wrong. Just a bunch of faggots obsessed with niggers.
All moms ITT are built for Cobson's cock.
Yep I went to a party, see >>72994131
I think I may have a couple of times but it was never confirmed. I was about 15, she was weeks late for her period but never showed me a test or told me it was negative always just "It will be fine. Don't worry"
I'm hoping I can find an excuse to stop by her house this week. I finish work early on Wednesday and Thursday. It's a shame the thread is only once a week because it tends to be archived by that point.
use these words against her next time she pretends to get reluctant
Oh I absolutely will. She isn't getting away after doing all that.
I'll admit the tension has been building a lot lately. I have always lurked here from time to time but never really posted. It was us heating peak tension that got me to tell what happened between us because I want it again badly.
Quick rundown on paintanon?
Yes. The tl;dr is we grew up in a fucked up household, only had each other, that turned into love and fucking, we're now madly in love and want kids together but no clue how to go about it.
still in her 20's so still very fertile.
I miss the siscest threads
Me too. Not much going on worth sharing with me but it's nice to have other sibling lovers to talk to.
bumping this
sleuth anons, please commence the investigation
hello thread, nice to be back to observe
I actually ended up finding the video, it's in some slavic language and the lady in the video actually has a fetish channel which I cannot find, but here's the video anyway. The title is obviously misleading, and she's a pornstar from what I gathered 
www.fullfamilyincest.com/videos/5275/son-licks-his-depraved-mother-s-cunt-and-makes-her-cum-real-incest/
some slavic language
lol
i watched 5 seconds of the intro and it's german
can't people tell the difference between slavic and german?
german is very distinct
anyways... thanks for the source anon
fuck. i need to learn german now 
wish they had subtitles
Cool mum, I hope you are up to the task.
still in her 20's so still very fertile
Good luck
Well, we were fucking for about 4 years so definitely up to the task. It's restarting that she is resisting. I'll hopefully pay a visit this week and see how things develop. With any luck the thread won't be archived because I hate waiting until Mondays. 
Gonna get some sleep for the time being. Hopefully I will have some more success stories and push the boundaries some more.
Mom definitely knows by now I'm probably not wearing any clothes when I walk out of the bathroom after a shower, but she keeps looking over every time. Going to get myself to full mast before I leave after my shower tomorrow and see if she comments. Also just hit me earlier that the bottle of lube I brought with me for jerking off has been sitting out in the open since Saturday
im only humbly asking, not for any perverse reasons....
but I encourage you to share how you feel...
I feel horny. I feel like I want to go into my mom's room and cum between her tits. I want to cum but I feel like if I force myself not to, I'm more likely to stare and maybe that could lead somewhere.
well um... I dont think it would um... work for real :(
i'm sorry
This guy gets it. It's like seeing into her mind, knowing what makes her feel attractive and how she feels about herself. That's just as sexy as knowing her cup size, or what color her bush is
describe the dress
It's a trad cute mommy dress. Not really slutty. I think it suits her.
dang rlg bro, you need to check your anger management if wanna make progress and als find the *right moments for affection
I know mombro but sometimes I can't help myself, I want her so badly.
As you've read multiple times, it only happens when mommy decides it needs to happen. Your only duty is to show your interest and keep pushing boundaries. Should you go uk-anon's way and maybe get a gf, while lusting and waiting on mom? Perhaps a valid option too.
You might be right but I think we are both at the prime age for momcest and I think she deserves it for being such a good mommy. I might settle for a gf in the future but I'm not actively looking for dates at the moment.
Well she was getting herself done in front of the mirror about to leave somewhere and I decided to hug her from behind while she was doing it.
sad :(
day 2 of husband's job being closed because of snow
stepson is at his mom's still
nothing to do all day but cuddle/bang
stale bread soaking for french toast for breakfast
I hate the cold most of the time but getting days together this late in the year is nice. Gotta get some bacon out to thaw, feed the cats, and then back to bed for a couple hours.
nothing to do all day but cuddle/bang
With?
Only other person here is my husband. I guess there's the cats if I wanted to get real illegal with it for some reason.
Its hard to put your post together, it is missing context. I thought you (?) were banging your son.
What does she look like, Anon? Why do you think she doesn't like physical affection with you?
I think we are both at the prime age for momcest
Care to elaborate, Anon?
Son in his 20s, financially independent and capable of supporting his mother in her late 40's.
late 40's
EARLY
I'm in my early 20s too and I'm not that financially independent
If my mom started randomly massaging my shoulders is that a good sign?
Holy shit she must be sexy as hell. I think she might be horny for you judging on your story. Do you have any censored pictures of her?
same anon from last week still here?
He was quite kind
Who? original cooment
Sup. I'm the guy from the last thread that has confessed to his mom some years ago. I decided that I will try to spend more time with her and see where that leads us. She is making it quiet easy as lately she's been inviting me over and visiting me frequently. I don't know what I'm gonna do yet but I'd like to give it another go now that a lot of time has passed.
stepson is at his mom's still
Goddammit
Just one who listened to me fantasizing is all.
Nothing has happened or will happen
I'm here, lurking-mommy
How's it going? Are you enjoying the thread?
oh hi!
I missed you last week :( Are you doing alright health wise?
Yeah, thats how she generaly looks from her back, just not with a silky smooth skin, stretch marks on her lower back and stuff. She's generally fit looking, but not too tight and slim, she's in her 40s. Her belly sags because of pregnancy and is so soft on touch, tits also on the bigger side and they look very good when supported by bra.
Why are you guys even like this?
Momcest is the most basic paraphilia/fetish a normally sexually developed male can have. Your mom forms the basis in your mind of what a "woman" looks like like when you grow up, so every heterosexual male is deep down attracted to their mom on some level or at least the "idea" of her. For varying reasons a lot of guys develop an active fetish for their actual mom at some point, and the subconscious attraction becomes fully conscious. Sometimes it's things like seeing your mom nude or some other sexually suggestive thing happening at the right time.
Some are into it for the taboo of course too.
Quick rundown on paintanon?
Paintanon is a momcest veteran that's been banging his mom (picrel) for more than 10 yrs. You should definitely read his story
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/71614078/#q71619043
Sometimes it's things like seeing your mom nude or some other sexually suggestive thing happening at the right time.
Yup. Living example here.
Hey stepmommy
Are you enjoying the impregnation sessions?
Plus here's a rundown on everybody
why does momcest stay up
I have never seen such fake threads on 4chan as these
These clearly stay up because there happen to be multiple regulars in different time zones that bump the thread and keep the conversations going. Nothing weird about it, these kind of threads just promote hanging around and keeping up with the other posters. Lots of developing stories and guys looking for good milf pics.
yeah, im doing alright. hope you do too?
which of the ongoing momcest arcs are you most invested in?
missed you last week
im always here...
Get more physical with her and just enjoy our time together. Let her know how much you love her. She'll come around soon. Keep us posted, confession-bro..
Im sorry, I guess I just lurked too hard
If my mom started randomly massaging my shoulders is that a good sign?
Could be. But be sure to return the favor.
but she keeps looking over every time.
She definitely wants to see it now.
As I've once told finnanon "give her a show". Let her see it bounce a bit.
did you enjoy gothmom-anon's story?
what are you fantasizing about lately?
Gothmom bro, you gotta show us some action when you get it, have your phone on the standby.
not fantasizing myself :) 
I'm just so happy to see the thread alive
Yup. Living example here.
Yeah, it's pretty common. What's your story?
Mine happened as a kid, don't remember when. Pretty basic story, I was getting out of the shower when my mom was going in herself. I had a semi going out for some reason, probably just from washing and mom looked at it while she got done undressing. I don't think she had seen me "hard" before. Her looking down on me made me look down from her face to her body and I just went with my eyes like from her face -> neck -> tits -> nipples -> belly -> hips -> thighs -> pussy. Never looked at her body like that before. I think my dick twitched at that, but mom just looked at me like normal, maybe a little more serious, didn't say anything. Just looked at my dick like "huh, that's getting hard".
That was enough for me, never got that moment out of my head and later got into milfs and momcest.
I'm just so happy to see the thread alive
a lot of ongoing arcs 
does reading about anons devising plans to bang mommy turn you on?
Seconding this. An audio recording would be amazing
somewhat haha, but it mostly just makes me happy to hear
Reading the success stories here (whether larp or not) and consuming momcest media from time to time has been demoralizing to me
I relate to this.
what's your story?
Not quite interesting as yours. Snooped through my dad's phone for some reason, subconciously knlwing what im looking for and there it was. Close-up photo of her naked cheeks she sent to him. Took me a while to really process if that's really her because just how big her ass looked without panties and in that angle.
Which one of bros are you?
hey, I'm here now
brosis, is this you? are you back with us?
hey, shorstack bro! how's it going? anything... new?
Ass-masseur is a promising contender. One of the few guys that dug really deep with no signs of stopping but has yet to get his dick wet, so unique situation.
. I didn't nudge.
I hate to say this but therapy. Now. 
You can't possibly not have a modicum of self-control. Listen to that little voice in your head telling you not to act like a nigger. No, even black people know how to behave to take advantage of the situation.
Which one of bros are you?
None. Just someone who wants the attention of an older woman.
Okay yeah so I was saying that eventually I want to make sure she knows I am aroused during our massages and stuff.
So on saturday instead of hiding my boner during a massage I made sure she felt it, I didn't like grind it against her or anything but I was sitting on her ass and kinda subtly poked her around there a few times. She didnt recoil or anything so there's that and I wonder how she'll react to a massage offer next time.
any more interesting dreams? do you read momcest stories or watch mature/young porn?
oh I read things on literotica, but visual stuff isn't my thing. My dreams havent been weird since I've started reading stories
Sounds a lot like this story >>72991707
Maybe you can get some cues you need from this.
She didnt recoil or anything
very nice and encouraging
are you sure she realized what was going on though?
also, any expanding of the massage area yet? did you try massaging her thighs?
read things on literotica
any fav stories that you keep going back to?
Took me a while to really process if that's really her because just how big her ass looked
Funny how that happens. I think a lot of guys downplay their mom in their heads and sort of unintentionally pretend that their mom doesn't have a great ass or huge tits or something. 
I remember when I saw my mom I thought "Wait, my MOM looks like THAT!?". Your mind kind of breaks free from all the conditioning and you see reality for the first time.
honestly? I like to get recommendations from the chat there!
had my phone in voice recorder and camera on the standby but never really saw some interesting opportunity
That sucks, a-m. Wouldnt really mind listening to all those moans and gasps...
"Wait, my MOM looks like THAT!?". Your mind kind of breaks free from all the conditioning
Definitely. Once you realize there's a hot, curvy, soft, finely aged body under those mommy clothes, needing affection...
I don't know. Every woman is differnet.
I don't know if she realized it but I think she must have. I only massaged her back lately so it was kinda hard to move from there to thighs. I'll try it though
Its really insane how little it takes to completely swing the pendulum on the other side. A gust of wind and boom, im lusting all over her. Insanity.
I refrained from starting the recorder because, as i said, she kept blabbering on about some casual stuff. Also wanted you to hear her cheek skin getting rubbed and spanked but couldn't get her to drop her pants. Weather is just so cold and shit here.
The guy that confessed here. I was always lusting after my mom, but the combination of seeing her naked leaving the shower and then finding sexy lingerie in her drawers the next day is permanently etched in my brain and it literally made me obsessed with her.
double trips. the gods are smiling on you, a-m...
i dont know. every woman is different
True, but thought you could get some inspiration and moves from a fellow semi-success bro
it was kinda hard to move from there to thighs
just ask casually if she'd like you to go lower.
how's the relationship otherwise? are you spending time together, going on, hugging and stuff?
They already did when she let me spread her open so much that i could see her butthole and trimmed pubes. That hole is filled with nerve endings, no way in hell she couldn't feel cold breeze hit her backdoor. Guess she just trusts her son that much.
Yeah I guess, I'll take a look
Yeah the relationship is good. We're spending a lot of time together and things are going good.
She entrusts you with her backdoor. That's huge. No way she wouldnt also with them tiddies
How does she dress around the house? Does she wear a bra? Does she notice you staring?
It depends. Sometimes she dresses in an oversize tshirt and braless, sometimes she wears more formal stuff, but I wouldn't say she dresses provocatively or anything, however last time we went out she wore a massive cleavage, she even asked if it's appropriate for her to go out like this and I of course encouraged her.
yeah, with little exp that i have, i know for a fact assholes are the most intimate part and the one women are the most shy about
You need to let her know more you wanna fuck her. Like shortstack bro. Let her feel your boner or smtn. This way if she still plays along, you know the lights are flashing green
last time we went out she wore a massive cleavage
now that's interesting.... that she chose that..... 
were you staring the whole time??
I already attemped that in the story above. But that massage was just a warmup and i ran out of space in my pants so my dickhead just sprang upward, which was a bad angle and i couldnt poke her crack if my life depended on it.
Of course lol. Tried not to be obnoxious but she definitely noticed lol. As for her usual attire, this pic I posted some time ago kinda sums it up
everything is provocative when she got those knockers hanging there....
i gotta say i doubt her choosing that massive cleavage stuff was incidental... i think she wants the attention, she's enjoying feeling like she's out doing couples stuff
Bro can't someone be pissed off from time to time? What's wrong with you?
yeah that is kinda true. Her body makes her look very sexy regardless of what s2wsjphe's wearing.
Have you noticed *her* getting more affectionate with you? Does she initiate anything?
to take advantage of the situation.
How so?
rlg bro, maybe next time you visit you act a bit cold and down. Don't let her get too used to the excessive affection. Let her feel like she's got smtn to atone for, you know? Maybe she'll give you another tit engulfing episode and you can take it from there. Mommies can't stand seeing their dearest son bummed out.
I think so. She initiates stuff like, "hey do you wanna watch something with me" or "wanna do something on the weekend?". But she doesn't really initiate physical stuff.
TELL ME HOW DAMMIT DO YOU WANT ME TO MAKE OUT WITH MOM IN THE CAR?
"hey do you wanna watch something with me"
yes please! you cuddle too during it, I hope?? hug her waist?
DO YOU WANT ME TO MAKE OUT WITH MOM IN THE CAR?
uhm.... YES.
It depends, but when we sit on the couch together there's usually some form of touch involved with her resting on my shoulder or me resting on hers or something.
Don't waste such opportunities to reach new frontiers. Hug, give pecks, smell hair, compliment, rub against her a bit, create some sexual tension
@stepmommy, I overslept, I'm sorry
How's your day going?
MOM OWES ME SEX
SIMPLE AS
never had anything close to that 
simply don't understand how you can see your own mom sexually
might be the disregard for privacy.
i know americans have a very prudish culture of literally never seeing each other naked for some reason.
She needs to make up for years of neglect somehow.
what if overprotective prudish culture actually leads to sexual repression and paraphilias
fuck. i'm onto something.
I used to see my mother naked all the time when we went swimming together. I was really good at holding my breath since it meant I could oggle her underwater.
why was she swimming naked with you?
I mean in the changing rooms and showers. We've skinny dipped and shared a hot tub naked before though.
such openness and lack of inhibitions... any possibilities for momcest? i think youve posted before?
I try to do some of these
i used to bathe with my parents and basically no weirdness about walking around naked.
came out okay. might just be something about the usa. everyone there likes incest for some reason.
maybe it's the english ancestry?
Oh that's a way to end things instantly. Not a chance in hell she'd let me and she has that mom 6th sense if I'm doing something sneaky. I doubt I could pull it off.
I'm not sure. We have very distinct accents so it'd nerrow down where and who we are pretty significantly haha.
I am going to visit tomorrow for a little bit. My mom initiated which surprised me. She said my sister is coming over for some coffee so she wanted to invite me too. I don't want to read between the lines too much but I'm hoping she wants to see me again after that kiss and everything last week.
hoping she wants to see me again after that kiss and everything
definitely. you can be sure she'll ask you to stay more for some reason after sister leaves. but if not, you find a reason
My mom initiated which surprised me
She's been thinking about those kisses, successbro... I bet once you show up, it will turn out that sis "cancelled" and it's just you and her...
why are you up this late? come to bed with mom
she started subtly rubbing me with her hand
did you mean she rubbed your cock over the pants or close to it? or just your thigh?
I sure hope so. Haven't been able to stop thinking about her lips or that subtle little rub. My sister never cancels so it probably won't be us two alone but I will be flirting, that's for sure.
I guess we'll have to wait and see. Are there any past encounters you want to know about? At work so won't be able to reply for a little bit.
My aunt just looked at me blushing
Expect auntie to contact you soon too
Are there any past encounters you want to know about?
I'd sure love to hear about some that stand out in your memory... Anything similar to the school dorm episode?
I dunno how many of you are LARPers, but I figure this is the best place to ask some questions. I constantly see my mom naked and don't get turned on, is there something wrong with me? I have some pictures of her pussy but struggle to masturbate to them, but I'm really into MILFs and older women yet for some reason I don't really get turned on when I see my mom naked.
I think you could cut out the parts where you talk, thats what we expected ourselves. Unless you two dont shut your mouths during the entire process, then thats another thing
any past encounters you want to know about?
have there been any "this is our last time, so make the best of it"? like in the chad-anon story...
I constantly see my mom naked
describe the circumstances?
have some pictures of her pussy
like sneaky pics or in full view? mind sharing one?
don't really get turned on when I see my mom naked
you're just not there yet mentally. but would you describe her as good-looking?
Lustful periods come and go for me. Also saw her pussy pic once and felt nothing, just let it stay there.
describe the circumstances
usually it's when she gets home from work and is changing, I'll just sit in her room and talk with her. she'll strip right down, walk past me and put something else on, and sometimes I walk in on her while she's taking a bath to talk to her. She does the same to me so it's fairly normal, I tend to walk around the house nude a lot when it's warm enough and she only tells me to throw some pants on if someone's coming over, also when I take a shower she'll come in sometimes.
sneaky pics or in full view? mind sharing one?
I actually only have a single picture I copied from her ex BF's computer when I was fixing it, our house is pretty visible so I won't share it.
but would you describe her as good-looking?
I think she's very attractive for her age, most people think she's 20 years younger than she actually is.
If nudity is normal between you twovthen it won't be an immediate turn on unless it's in a sexual context.
dang, are you some sort of nudist family?
but anyway, if you dont wanna fuck her, don't worry about it. you're not as degen as us...
is there something wrong with me?
as he asks about literal incestuous desire
top kek.
Nah, I just don't like wearing clothes if it's too hot out or when I sleep and she's just never really been uncomfortable being naked around me for short periods of time. I just don't understand why I'm attracted to every mother I meet except for my own, it feels a bit werid.
our house is pretty visible so I won't share it.
you can crop pics, anon...
don't understand why I'm attracted to every mother I meet except for my own, it feels a bit werid.
because nudity b/w you is normalized and sexual attraction is repressed. that's why you're attracted to other mom. is the expression of the repressed attraction for your own mom. you need some sudden experience to shock you out of the comfort and open your eyes. but you'd need to find a situation for that to happen.
I'd wager if he caught her masturbating or something he'll finally snap
you need some sudden experience to shock you out of the comfort and open your eyes.
like what anon? you're probably right about the repression bit though, I've had a few gfs but only kissed one and never had sex, haven't had a woman touch me for like 5 years now.
like what anon?
touching her naked body is a good start
cuddling naked perhaps and getting a boner
or having her touch your boner for some reason (find one)
maybe start offering (naked) massages
Next time you walk in on her taking a bath/shower, offer to do her back. Then ask her to return the favor when she walks in on you and make sure to get a boner.
Already do that all the time, I don't get hard from it.
I might try offering her a massage, I've been meaning too anyways because she's been really sore lately. had to give my brother's fiance a shoulder massage recently when we were out and they cramped up, she said she was surprised I managed to do such a good job so if I've got one thing going for me it's my hands.
Could you describe her attractive looks more? What's the age gap b/w you? Maybe describe your relationship a bit? Does she have a bf currently? Would you like to bang her eventually?
I dunno, she's just attractive. Fairly skinny, her cup size is above average but she has a very flat ass, she has a nice face and shoulder length hair which she takes care of. The age gap is around 30 years, and right now I live with her and she doesn't have a bf, we've always been close because my dad is an ass and I didn't like going to see him as a kid. We go shopping a lot and talk but we're not super close.
Turbo virg here, hope all is well for y'all. Had a question, so I know I've been brainwashed into a momcest kink through social media and porn so I'm into it but it doesn't actually carry over at all to my bio mom but the general fantasy is great. Any Chads in here know how difficult it is to get females you're with to perform that kink with you and what problems could arise from it? Would appreciate any advice/experiences as that rainbow or paradise in the faraway distance is what's barely keeping me going
I don't think I ever felt comfortable around a woman enough to disclose that kink to her. If I was to do it, it'd probably have to be a prostitute that I'll never see again.
Make her your mommywife, anon. Maybe talk to her about being a virgin even though had gfs. Have sex-related talks. Warm her up to the idea she might be able to be of assistance to get over your issues.
