IRL I'm a total KHHV, never even had a female friend, let alone girlfriend
Online I have more female friends than I can count, did e-sex shit with most of them, all of them compliment me on my voice, personality, confidence, even looks &amp; my cock with the ones I shared my pictures with 
always shocked to hear that I'm a virgin and that I've never had a gf
I don't know whats wrong with me honestly, and why I'm wasting my time online when I could probably get a gf IRL, I'm just so passive and never even try.
My potential is running out. I'm not ugly by any means and people seems to like me but I just can't get out of my home without being scared. Don't even have any online friends
I wouldn't worry too much, so long as you don't lose your hair the older guy archetype can really save you from what I've heard, just stay mildly in shape and don't get unlucky with hair genetics, thats it.
Yeah kind of. My peers and teaches always told me I was intelligent. But I've never felt or regarded myself as such. My teachers raelly though I could go to university. They told me my essays were PHD worthy material. But I never went. I'm too asocial. I dont get nervous or anxious I just dont have that desire to interact with people. It's probably schizoid personality disorder or something. I never thought of it as a "disorder" really until I reached adulthood and I realised just how impossible it is to make it through life if you are a self isolationist.
I'm a bio woman we hit the wall harder then guys
Just get good at cooking or something
god tortures humans with sex
That's a good idea I should try that would be also good for my health
ah yeah, if you're a woman then thats a different case entirely, sorry anon.
Thanks for sharing anon, makes me feel less alone in this.
It's not even something thats hard to do honestly. As long as you aren't getting distracted by a million different things and take your time preparing stuff its an easy skill to pick up. And it helps divide the labor of a relationship
you're welcome
Yea after I got sick i isolated myself way to much what makes it hard and trusting guys isn't easy
Yes absolutely
was never bullied
heard rumors girls liked me
literally asked out by a girl
parents decided to protect me from 'violence' and homeschooled me
I now am a complete social sperg and crippling social anxiety. I resent my parents for ruining me and they won't even admit their wrong-doing.
Mh yea true could help me gain weight I'm trying to slowly turn my life around but that's hard
To gain weight really its mostly about overcoming your own appetite. It tough to do. Eating when you dont feel hungry that is. A good way to go about it though is just to snack on nuts and stuff often and drink milk or other ways to drink in calories.
Ohh thx I will try that and I wanna try to workout again and do sports
Never try, always play video games, always be disgusted by people IRL, never see a vagina in real life.
Easy.
trusting guys isn't easy
I can only imagine anonette, there are a lot of not so good people out there, especially men.
Gaining weight and working out at the same time is kind of hard. Just eat a lot of chicken and rice and eat some protein bars and you should be fine.
tall
alright facial features
had good grades
had a good childhood
had some girls show interest in me (even received a valentine once, but laughed it off in front of the girl who probably sent it)
back when I was using social media, had some girl sent me nudes (I shared them with other people)
Now, I'm a balding socially-stunted KV computer science student who talks to nobody in my group. What goes around, comes around. I deserve this fate.
Never tell anyone that you are a KHV. Lie about having some fling in hs and you are no longer together. Admitting that you are a KHV to women that may actually be interested in you is a death sentence to whatever romantic relationship you would have had in the first place.
Yea most guys are after a girls body so that's really hard when you just want to be friend. 
After loosing my job i lost 22lb and I'm underweight again kinda hard on me
Oh if you're that much underweight then yeah should be too hard to put fat onto your body at all. You're probably aenemic too so eat some more broccoli and cabbage and red meats
Same.
Between having a nice talk and having relationship there are bunch of blank spaces that my brain doesn't know how to fill.
103lb and I'm 5'2 it's not to bad but I was shocked when I saw how much I lost and my family got worried
voted most likely to become famous by my class when I was 16 and prom king when I was 18
lived with six girls for eight months
knew a lot of girls from the sport I did
still a KHV
published academic with a master's from Oxbridge
only have 9 months of (part-time) employment despite being 25
currently unemployed and rejected from every PhD I applied for
I've been pitched the easiest underarm throws in life and somehow manage to keep whiffing them
That doesnt sound that under weight. I'm 5'3 and 112
The problem is that I'm rapidly loosing weight. It just keeps going down
And is that because you aren't eating? If its rapid you should see a doctor you might have some kind of underlying condition
I think i unconditional eat so little being a neet is destroying me mentally I miss having human contact
easily can get gf's but don't try at all
Loneliest """robots""" in 2023.
had several fembots online like me, even fall in love with me over the years.
had one gf from ldr turned irl
had one gf from ldr who i visited
every single one was from a far away country, had to go by plane to visit them
every girl i meet from my own country on any platform anywhere is a total brick wall, completely uninterested and bitchy
What's this phenomenon called?
its called 'reclusive people are who I relate to and they don't put themselves out there and the only place I can meet them is online on anonymous sites'
How are you even supposed to meat people outside of school? No copes please.
People keep telling me that I have a good singing voice but I honestly believe it's shit.
I'm a completely average cyborg who's only talents (writing and drawing) were recently automated. At this point my life its simply palliative care while I wait for the next retarded world shaking psyop.
What a stupid fucking drawing. Oh no she sat next to a gross guy instead of me. The gross guy is smiling and your self insert mopely looks out the window. Matter of fact you probably do look like the gross guy.
Do you listen to your own voice on phone recordings? You'd be surprised how much compression can alter one's voice that way. Maybe it just what you use to record yourself
How are you able to get egirls but not irl girls? The competition is 100x more insane for egirls. Have you tried dating apps? You might actually have some luck
Yep that's what convinced me that there's no way that my voice is good. I would always just assume that people were messing with me.
If you're that insanely attractive then use dating apps.
That's a basic issue with mentalcels.
We are physically and intellectually gifted most of the time, but there are few foundamental screw loose or outright missing in our brains when it comes to romance.
I understand why it may seem that we simply aren't trying for someone who isn't like that.
It's on par with thinking that depression is just sadness or that apathy is just laziness.
I tried, I got a match and didn't know what to say so I deleted the app :(
hes bald because he has cancer x
be kid
dad is trying to kill my family 
nigger is drunk as a nigger
speed forward
nigger is trying to kill me
'When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell'- psalm 27:2 happens
pic related happens
Got it, you don't want to try even a little bit.
It's on par with thinking that depression is just sadness or that apathy is just laziness.
It's really obviously not at all, lmao. Even if you're highly socially anxious, you can still easily find a gf online.
you are a demoralization demon and eventually you will pay for your transgressions.
NTA but what am I supposed to do when the only pics I can use on a dating app are going to have to be aspie basement selfies?
It's ok I know how you feel. Try to relax and write them if not that's ok too
What's the part that's demoralizing? These people are on tutorial mode but are pretending they're incels. That's the opposite of demoralizing.
Doesn't matter if you're incredibly attractive, but if you're not, then you should learn to take good pics of yourself even if it's just 30 minutes away from your place, or at least in a well-lit area of your house.
Normiebrain detected.
You're maybe ugly, poor or manlet, but as far as your thinking meat goes you're just another normie.
Don't talk about things you don't understand.
If you tripped that drunken faggot down a flight of stairs I wouldn't blame you
Fuck off normie that's not as easy as you say.
hurr durr women are falling over themselves trying to date me but I get nervous sometimes so I'm an incel too
No.
What part's not as easy as I say?
"Making it" is gatekept by all sorts of elites. Individual accomplishment alone means relatively little if you don't have a social network to promote you.
Feel the same way, alot of my close friends men and women alike always say im really sweet, understanding, kindhearted, and funny. And yet i still find myself in unrequited love situations or in short term relationships where im broken up with. What the fuck am i doing wrong
Normiebrain tries to compare us
Plastic surgery and suitcase of cash could easily solve your problems.
Good luck solving defective brain though.
Again- don't run your stupid mouth about things you don't fucking understand.
just be rich bro
I see. What exactly is stopping you, exactly?
Which part of "mentalcel" and "defective brain" confused you?
All of it, I guess. What exactly can't you do when women carry convos with you?
Doesn't matter if you're incredibly attractive
My situation is unique in that I have only gotten better looking since high school, but the attention I get from women has only ever diminished since then. 
I went from having to directly reject multiple girls in senior year while literally not showering or shaving for weeks to gymcelling then cutting for hollow cheeks in college only to be treated like a ghost. That was also around the time I found lookism. You only ever hear of people ascending in college, not descending.
Now at almost 24 years old I don't have options anymore. Covid ruined a lot of it but something shifted for me in like 2018 that I haven't recovered from since.
Did you quote the wrong person? I don't care about any of that at all and it has nothing to do with the quote.
Yes it does. Looks mean nothing.
Looks aren't everything, but they're hugely important, and on dating apps especially. You'd probably have committed suicide in your teens if you were born ugly, but you're here on tutorial mode because you got a lucky die roll.
It's not about conversations it's about what happens after.
Or rather what doesn't happen.
Like I said previously- there are gaps between have a nice talk and be in relationship.
there are gaps between have a nice talk and be in relationship
Okay, and girls will carry those aspects as well if you're actually attractive and have low standards.
Girls will-
No they won't.
I had numerous times interacted with girls seemingly with no results only to realize couple years later that she was actually expecting me to make a move.
With guys like me girls need to be blunt as a sledgehammer and realize that we may as well be aliens when it comes to romance, so first-contact tier communication is necessary- something girls are notoriously bad at doing. After all why bother with some idiot if she can few minutes later be together with some other guy who doesn't need explanation on what she considers obvious things.
Can't really blame them.
women didn't give themselves wholly to me on a silver platter when I wasn't even trying at all
Truly blackpilling :^). Try online, normalfaggot.
Depressed? Just don't be sad bruh.
Thanks for advice, anon.
Will take take it into consideration.
You just explained how you've never actually tried in your life. Why can't you try at all online?
When I was in elementary school, I was a total Chad and behaved like one. Everyone was a friend or wanted to be my friend and girls were interested in me even though I had no interest in girls at the time and just wanted to play video games and sports. Most women would say I was cute for a kid too and would always compliment me about how good of a kid I was and smart and etc etc. 
Then middle and high school came around and I became a manlet with really bad acne. Suddenly I had no friends because they were all hanging with their gfs and going out without me while I stayed home and played video games. Then I gained weight and went to college. Never made one friend or interacted with a woman there. Now I have a job and no friends and am a KHHV.
I peaked at 7.
Lose weight and you'd probably be a chad now.
Don't listen to that stupid retard. He is way to stupid to understand what you mean and only tries to make people mad he does that so much it's getting funny
