did you hit your mother growing up (and/or in adulthood)?
Nope. My mom hit me though.
She should have hit you more OP.
why didnt you hit the bitch back?
then i would just call the cps (or beat the fuck out of that bitch)
My mom used to hurt me all the time even though I was an obedient nice child terrified of acting out. She would use "the claw" on me which was when she'd dig her fingers into my shoulder when I said something she disliked. She'd make her hand like a stiff claw and grab the back of my neck extremely harder than a pinch and make me cry. I'm her daughter so I never really fought back
Funny enough my two little brothers have 0 respect for her and like most boymoms she eats their shit happily like a scat fetishist. I remember them punching her back to the point of her yelling in pain and she'd just get submissive to them and laugh it off. Also she'd do their homework for them and laugh when they made fun of her. But if I even breathe wrong in her direction she freaks the fuck out at me
Boymoms are retards and deserve to be raped and killed lol. Hidden psychologically she wants to have sex with my brothers and worships them and they resent her for it they are stuck in an eternal push pull where my mom will always feel lesser. And I relish in it. Suffer, sow
Hidden psychologically she wants to have sex with my brothers and worships them and they resent her for it they are stuck in an eternal push pull where my mom will always feel lesser. And I relish in it. Suffer, sow
Slow down there tiger. Sorry you went through that, but you have to chill.
You are too dumb to talk to me like most zoomers, 0 understanding of nuance or metaphor
You hate your mom. She likes her sons. She hates you. Where's the metaphor?
Never. She traumatized me enough from the daily beatings that I thought I was going to literally drop dead if I retaliated against her. All my life she psychologically conditioned me to believe she was right about everything, even crazy illogical shit
You're the one telling me to not speak because my wording triggered you. I either assume you are being oppressive or stupid
We're watching
She beat me growing up and then I had to watch her get beat up by her bfs, my job doesn't pay a lot so I'm living at home with her until I can afford to. She makes fun of my anorexia and tries to make me cry a lot.
growing up
I still do time to time
afford to move out*
Forgive my ADHD.
fucking f*id derailed the thread again.. anyway, why don't you niggers beat your mothers? women need to be disciplined after all
anyway, why don't you niggers beat your mothers
She's stronger than me and I'm afraid of being thrown in jail.
what do you do? please tell me more, in detail
what are you, 5 years old?
Only once when she was beating my little sister for saying she was going to move in with my dad. Had to rip her away and smack her a few times until she stopped trying to lunge at her it was fucking wild only time in my life I've ever actually been angry, she had never done that shit to me or my other siblings my entire life.
oh yeah, did you hit your little sister too?
I'm anorexic and she's fat as fuck, if she sat on me I would fucking die.
your sister probably has daddy issues, you should hit her from time to time
No
She gets along a lot better living with him now than she ever did with my mother.
Did you make this thread just to get off to people being abused by their parents?
No, why do so many peoples' upbringings involve people hitting each other? Bunch of fucking animals.
My mom used to hurt me all the time even though I was an obedient nice child terrified of acting out. She would use "the claw" on me which was when she'd dig her fingers into my shoulder when I said something she disliked. She'd make her hand like a stiff claw and grab the back of my neck extremely harder than a pinch and make me cry. I'm her daughter so I never really fought back
Funny enough my two little brothers have 0 respect for her and like most boymoms she eats their shit happily like a scat fetishist. I remember them punching her back to the point of her yelling in pain and she'd just get submissive to them and laugh it off. Also she'd do their homework for them and laugh when they made fun of her. But if I even breathe wrong in her direction she freaks the fuck out at me
Boymoms are retards and deserve to be raped and killed lol. Hidden psychologically she wants to have sex with my brothers and worships them and they resent her for it they are stuck in an eternal push pull where my mom will always feel lesser. And I relish in it. Suffer, sow
I was going to rip into you for talking about 'boymoms' but after reading your post a second time I mostly just feel sorry about your situation. It looks like you were legitimately discriminated against.
I'm in your mom I'm in your mom I'm in your mom
oh yeah? why doesn't she live with you?
nice projection
No but she hit me lots
oh yeah? why don't you hit the whore back?
no, i never knew my mom. she left me in the hospital so my dad raised me.
oh yeah? why don't you find her now and beat the fuck out of that whore?
if you've been abused by your parents or vice versa, please do share your experience.
i shot her right in the eye with a nerf gun and felt really bad about it. although she threw it away the next day the bitch
oh yeah? how did she react
No, my dad did it for me.
oh yeah? did he hit you too?
she took out her stampede cs6 and held my eye open and started firing directly into my eyehole
oh yeah? did he hit you too?
Nah, I was spanked with a paddle on a few occasions but he never really beat me. But he had no qualms about beating my mom in front of me growing up.
No. She told everyone I did however when I pushed her away when she was almost ripping off my ear (her favorite form of physical punishment).
Now I have uneven ears and wear out the frames of my glasses faster.
