Material wellbeing and personal achievements no longer bring me any satisfaction, novelty eventually wears off because deep down I know that nothing will ever compare to this.
Are you attracter how submissive she is being, or are your perceptions of what a relationship is for completely degenerated from all the porn?
You know you can just not see it, right?
Your life will improve a lot if you manage to avoid lust.
I'm a sexhaver now and don't get that
It's the submission for me, the idea that there are men out there for whom a woman will do quite literally anything.
Undeniably, the gif is hot but, as a man of hedonism and vice, I advise that you would feel guilty after doing this to a femme. If not immediately, then definitely years later. Granted, some are into it but they have their own issues and really you're just taking advantage of someone else's trauma.
Sex is a large part of relationships. Normal, well-adjusted people think about sex and want to fuck all the time. You have serious issues if you think sex is something degenerate. 
/pol/chud nofap fried brain-tier cope
You must desire an extremely pathetic life is that makes you feel bad. Holy crap.
you should feel guilty for being born. is my take on that. like, how many recources went to you when they could have gone to someone more in need? stop this cycle of pain and misery now. kill yourself!
This is straight up what too much porn does to a motherfucker. You think the only joy in life is throat fucking a chick???
Be glad you aren't the woman then idk
It's not as fun as it looks
t. sexhaver
I'm just now discovering this with sex stuff but I haven't got any oral so I'm yet to be disappointed by it.
Prone bone and missionary are great. Doggystyle was not as good as I hoped
Look dude just use a hotdog if you are so curious about how it feels.
Mature, clear communication and a heaping measure of the most objective assessment of the person and situation you can drum up will assure no one is being taken advantage of. I almost do not want to comment on this because this world needs more people erring on the side of not using and harming people. But a healthy expression of fetishes tied to trauma can be the only way a traumatized person ever feels comfortable with themselves.
I had a rape fetish since I was a young fucked up kid with unmonitored internet access. Then I was raped. I did not want it or enjoy it, it was in no way related to seeking that experience, the offender was a medical professional that took advantage of me when I was too out of it to know what was going on. I still have a rape fetish, but I sometimes feel like I should not, like it implies things, invalidates my trauma. But I would want to blow my brains out if my partner did not trust me enough to engage in the kinks I want to engage in, insisting that they know better and they are just protecting me or something. That would feel beyond patronizing. All I wanted was to relearn touch as something safe and beautiful and not solely tied to that disgusting experience after it happened, and my partner at the time out of concern for me and trying to do his best, refused to touch me. I understand. I would cry even just feeling the skin on his hands. But I wanted to push through so badly. But he would not let me because he was being hurt by my reactions. So I get it. But I would be such a different person now if he had been able to trust me and push through my pain himself so we could heal my pain together, make new memories, carve new neural pathways for me so it did not take so long to remove the associations and triggers from the sexual assault.
Idk. Definitely err on the side of seeking not to traumatize or retraumatize people, especially young and impressionable and hormone-crazed females. But it is not as simple as saying anyone into rough sex is just letting themselves be taken advantage of or to say that rough sex can only be some sort of evil act against those individuals. People that get raped often have huge control issues afterwards. It is good to be safe and in control, but not being allowed to make your own choices does not feel like being in control, even if the choices other people are making for you are supposed to keep you safe. There needs to be a balance.
Also some people are just freaky, no trauma needed. They might have some harmful beliefs they accumulated from media and society, but who doesn't? Following the same logic you could argue crazy stuff, like that no one should make friends because the risk potential for either party being taken advantage of is too high, because a lot of us have been indoctrinated by capitalism into a mode of doing whatever we can to get ahead, seeing relations as transactional and people as pawns. People are fucked, life is fucked. If you start trying to tiptoe around every factor to be ethical to someone, you will reach a point of realizing the most ethical thing you could do is self-destruct the whole species, or at least put a ton of people in bubbles they never have to or get to leave.
As long as kink is healthy and safe, there is nothing wrong with engaging in it. It seems too easy to say "As long as no one is being taken advantage of it's okay" because duh, but also how do you assure that? That's going to be a case-by-case basis because you may realize someone should really not be allowed to make their own choices because they are self hating and cannot help but be self destructive. But do not treat that as rule. Give people the opportunity to be more than their traumas.
Get a life asshole. Also it doesnt feel that good sensation wise, So I see that what youre looking for is to humiliate a chick, like some manchild dickhead. No one should have any pity for people like you who would only have sex to hurt the female. Because hopefully you are aware of this, but if youre chad she actually enjoys getting the throatfuck, so in the end you dont really scar her at all.
I am a horny mothefucker but I feel like what I am looking at is extremely sick and depraved, and you make it your main goal in life, you are very fucked in the head.
Youre a retarded cuck. Fuck off and kys
yeah thats totally ai generated. she doesn't exist. in fact, sex doesn't even exist. not even real. nope. totally.
lmao retard
Honestly I think that reaction is coming from the girl being a bit of a pig about it. Some girls can still look classy and delicate, like a princess you are taking and breaking in conquest. Some girls just look like they were bred to be breeding stock and like they have no divine feminine essence. It is arousing to see something beautiful tainted. It is repulsive, sad, but most of all boring to see something tainted from the beginning being used as it was intended to be used.
You don't find it sick and depraved because you actually care for the girl. If you care, it's for a lost version of her that either never existed or would be very difficult to recover. You are just reacting appropriately to disgusting people being disgusting. There is no glory in this. One way to be satisfactorily, sensually submissive, is to retain some fight in the form of dignity. This girl has no fight. It's not from losing herself to the pleasure or degeneracy, something justifiable, wild and erotic, desirable to earn. It's just common laziness and mediocrity.
This is an assessment from one moment. Maybe she redeems herself and shows that divinity in other acts.
No, a dynamic like that webm should not be your main goal in life. Even if it's not that complicated or that's at least not the sort of thing happening here.
You should seek to be true to who you are, and if building a life and/or family with someone is something you desire, you should seek someone true to themselves whose truth does not alter or combat your own.
You should not ultimately view women as objects to win or angels to corrupt, but momentarily entertaining this perspective makes for a comprehensive view of women, relationships, and humanity if factored alongside many other thought experiments and truths.
Within this context, this lens is utilized to approach and seek a greater, more true model.
always pretending like you don't know this is about having a girl like you so much she let's you do this to her. 
^This is you you fking faggot
Yes, and I get it, you are sad no girl likes you enough to fuck her mouth. What am I supposed to do with this information?
^This is you you fking faggot
The nonsense is you you mentalcase, constantly repeating yourself
Ok shut the fuck up get a life you dumbass, we got the message, you know what board youre on dont think our dicks are dripping wet
Ok, so I come into a threat to misrepresent the OPs ...
(btw, not me)
... post so I can pretend his complaint is shallow and just a side product of his porn consumption instead of a desperate need for physical affection and self-worth...
(or just one more bait threat trying to get as many (You)s as possible by mentally torturing incels)
^This is you you fking faggot
Also, the fuck do I know about you getting laid or not, this board is filled with normies and fakecels and random spastics here just to trigger others into uncontrolled emotional reactions for sadistic pleasure, how the hell would I know which one you are
I am an incel aswell. I dont understand the bullshit you just wrote but if i heard you crying like this irl I would just buy you a whore to get you to shut up. Pointless crybaby crying. I am an incel aswell
I can do that for you op.
I wish my dick was that big...
I wouldn't feel so inadequate.
here in simple text: you came into the thread of a dude venting his emotions because he never experienced physical affection and as a consequence feels empty inside and tried to make it about porn consumption. 
(And this is assuming this is not just one more (You) bait)
I don't like that. That's why I called you a faggot.
life sucks and the past generations should be shot for allowing basic genetic inequalities to persist instead of investing recourcess into large scale eugenic efforts.
hope you find a girl that makes you feel like a king anyways
This dude should open up a cinema with his amount of projection
You don't have to post if you have nothing interesting to say.
You want to get throat fucked? You could do that tonight if you wanted.
I want throat
Maybe not with one as pretty as her (naturally) but even she has a tattoo so the guy is settling, she's not natural anymore after the tattoo. That's the key to relationships. Removing attraction from the equation. My woman has puked a couple times which kills the mood but you have to keep going if you want to train her to do it without vomiting. For the last couple of years I've only used her mouth or butt for sex. She goes along with it because, well actually I don't even begin to understand it but I'm happy enough with the arrangement. She's super fat with a bmi of 25, and a couple tattoos, and she's older than me, but it's still nice being able to have sex. I even enjoy her company when she's not being annoying. I take good care of her and she takes care of some of my needs. That's about the best an assburgers man could hope for. Pretty and non-annoying women are for short guys, drug dealers, thieves, and antisocial types in general. I wish it wasn't the case but like they said during the great depression you make do or do without.
I thought it would be something like having a person you love tell you, say, while you're cooking together or while you're playing a board game or just out for a walk shooting the shit, while looking you in the eye, that she loves you and appreciates your life, and then you both laugh a bit and you rub her hair and maybe kiss her on the forehead like a chicken pecking manically at grains and it makes her laugh even more, and then you both just carry on with whatever you're doing. Or maybe she's tired and you give her a piggyback. Or you're both autistic and are able to entertain eachothers flights of intellectual fancy. Or you're dancing together outside during a storm, using the wet pavement to slick your moonwalk. I get that those dreams are quite vapid and diminishing, that true love is a narcissistic dream, and that people are more in love with the idea of being someone loved than actually offering love. But I still struggle to accept that fucking a girls face until she pukes all over your dick is a more realistic example of interpersonal dedication than smelling her hair. The fact is that 'missing out on life' is why you're missing out on life: because life is a demiurgic simulation, where every decision except for renunciation of the validity of exchange is a solipsistic dopamine hit. Love is impossible. You're not missing out on anything. You are what is missing from yourself.
That's nasty, why would anyone want that?
Anyway I wish an attractive tall fit girl who is a virgin would come into my house and let me do it to her lmao
Pretty non annoying women are for short and antisocial guys? I'm a tall guy who's not very social
If that's true I bet when I will start using tinder I could find a non-annoying girl to spend time with perhaps 
I almost don't talk to women though so they live in a different world to me 
Also after years of loneliness I kind of barely want a gf, I just have moments when I want to fuck or I want a hug sometimes but there's nobody to give me those things who I can tolerate
