I feel like my gf is starting to resent me. She is the only person in my life who hasn't given up on me. I don't want to lose her.
My gf recently finished an engineering degree and now works. She was not that social in college but recently she has been putting in a lot of effort into making friends. She fully financially supports me and I live with her and her parents (my parents kicked me out after I failed out of college twice). I have a bunch of mental health issues and she pays for my meds so I'm a financial burden on her. She also often does my chores for me because I am often depressed and I constantly use her as an emotional support tampon.
I hate myself so much.
Do something for her already
My cousin's boyfriend is financially dependent on her. Man that guy is not popular in my family lol.
Just help out around the house when shes at work, spend time together, do things you both like. If she hasnt given up on you yet then she wont give up on you now.
I want to fuck Reiki so bad.
I am too depressed and undisciplined.
I want to help around the house but I end up waking up really late and gaming or jerking off until she comes home.
You can do anything for her, even taking care of the house
Can't you read? He is too depressed and undisciplined! 
OP you are a fag + stop larping. What's the point of this thread if all you're gonna say is that you're too depressed to change anything?
at some point you need to make it appear that you are making an effort to better yourself. it's a mindset and you have to want to get better first. I mean actually want it, not "I really wish I wasn't like this". you need to eventually start taking action because it's not something that will go away. by all means, start small. You may even need help to do basic chores. Ask your gf or one of her parents to help you unload the dishwasher or something, and then try to take off the training wheels and do it by yourself. you are going to fail and it will be discouraging but you have to keep trying. it is important to build up momentum and don't let it stop.
you can dig yourself out of this hole. but you actually have to fucking try
Why do you jerk off if you have a girlfriend? 
Idk man maybe you need different meds or something if you can't even do a load of laundry or something. Like this sounding a bit much even for others with depression.
if you truly love her jump off a bridge lmao 
you're a literal deadweight and you sound increadibly pathetic
This us not an excuse to be useless piece of shit. Just getvup and do stuff. Cook, clean, what else. It will help with your depression. However you arent depressed, because if you were you wouldnt enjoy jerking off and gaming either. You are just lazy ass piece of shit. You deserve a life-on-street sobering therapy.
How old are the two of you (if I may ask)? You two sound oddly familiar.
Ah, so you're in an unofficial marriage. Gotcha.
HAHAHA! I can just IMAGINE how much she hears about you being nothing but a loser. Probably from family AND friends!
Based on your responses in here, you obviously don't give a shit to help even one iota. You honestly just need to kill yourself and rid your girlfriend, her parents and your parents of such a useless burden to them and society.
How did you even get a gf like that?
Find a highly empathic qt3.14, and take advantage of everything (whether you're doing this on purpose or not).
Unfortunately, empaths like these kind of don't stay empaths for long.
People like op should be left alone because they face 0 consequences for their actions. They are never gonna change until they start sleeping on the streets and everyone has abandoned them.
Start shooting up or smoking crystal meth you'll find the energy to clean and be useful once you do
Damn OP. I also failed out of college twice. Where we differ is, I was able to move back into my mom's place after getting kicked out for 2 years. Never got a gf. Also had mental health issues which I solved with meds. 
I'm jealous you got a gf while I'm alone all this time, finding new ways to cope and evolve past need for gf. Some people got everything on silver-plated and still complain. While you sleep soundly with your gf everynight many guys like me are insomniacs. 
You're so lucky. Even if your relationship goes south, you were able to experience it. Many don't have that.
How do people in this situation even get a gf?
Nice man. I have a degree and a job and have never had a gf.
Maybe pick up the slack you retarded useless burden. At least cook and clean for her you useless shit
Kys you worthless sack of useless bones
Having a personality. Turns out, people like this have more of a personality than any of us. :(
Glimmer of hope it's that she wants to stay with you even though you are s fucking leech who should kill yourself.
she's smart enough to leave but she won't so it's ok.
They acquire the GF *BEFORE* they start refusing to work.
