why arent you getting rich so you can cater yourself to beautiful women
do you have any photos of beautiful women. im not into men.
i got you senpai 
pic related should guide you where to look
Even if I were to become rich I wouldn't want anything to do with any woman who showed interest in me while knowing that I was rich.
rockstars dont become rockstars so hot girls can reject them
this is bretty smort
no its not
its refusing to acknowledge how the real world works - which is, people threat you differently when youre high status 
ie. every celebrity out there is nothing without their status backing them up
Don't want to work, so I farm autismbux instead
Fellow NEETcel
You're talking about glorified prostitution here lol. There are dudes IRL who can get some of the hottest women in the world through looks and charisma despite having zilch for status. Buying women is not even on the same planet as that.
no, im saying stardom, regardless of your deteriorating looks, gets you special treatment
also, having charisma, with nothing to back it up, can only get you so far. people will eventually wise up to you being a phony 
having all the charisma in the world will not get you a free car. you maybe able to dupe a dumbass out of a couple 100 bucks but you will not sustain a living off it
maybe you should think about what is actually valuable. i'm sure you wouldn't be striving for this if you did.
tending to the needs of beautiful women is high on my list
I could have been getting rich instead of wagecucking?
Shit.
I've been doing it wrong the whole time. I feel stupid.
...
...
...
Well, I'm rich now, but I have a huge problem.
No matter how I cater myself to beautiful women, it feels more like they cater themselves to me. No matter what I do.
Oh well. Mo money, mo... wait. Hold on. Mo money, no real problems actually.
Huh.
I should have got rich years ago.
Thanks anon!
Because everyone including me is trying to be rich, but most including me fail. If I was successful I would not be here.
7, 4, 6, 8, 2, 5
nigger nigger faggot shitter fuck off
cant wait to start spoiling her
If I was rich I would hire some sort of desperatee, low-class, ugly whore as my sexmaid and have fun shaping her body to perfection, making her workout each day, all while keeping her face ugly. AMA!
