Yet another victory for the BBC. Look at the white man. Pathetic display of cuckoldry
Wait who is this supposed to anger exactly? For what reason????
Nobody
I do not care about race stuff at all. I'm just here to say that if a woman ever proposed to me I'd most likely have a heart attack.
I don't see what the problem is, this is wholesome af.
Nobody is fat in the picture what is the problem
me. these couples are so cringe
Don't worry
kekkked
origoril
Remember, you can always add replies to a fag thread without bumping it, you could also report said threads, and you almost definitely can bump non faggot threads so raids threads go to the bottom of the catalogue
Holy cringerino. Original
As long as they're both Christian, I approve of it.
or you could not be an insecure fag that shits his pants over bait made to anger insecure fags lol
I want this. Well I don't want a woman to propose to me, that's a little vain, I want to be loved this much.
Have the right genes, and they will.
Evolution means their descendants will be white.
Cute anon, very cute. Post more
Reminds me of the flight crew guys who dance and cheer as chad literally fires jet engines in their face on their way to go be heroes.
What's your dick size
Lmao look at that soi girl in the background with its mouth open... screeching for joy JFL!!!
white 'bois' should all troon out. they are not men.
Hes gonna get pegged and cucked
reminder that every time you see a poster seething like this, its because they crave White cock deep in their ass, its not their fault!
BBC only. Original. Original. Original.
Is that fucking Lil Boosie to the left?
MMMMMMHM nice cope lmao
it will sink in eventually these are huge wins
Women proposing to men is so pathetic. You know for a fact she is the extreme submissive in the relationship, but they pretend she is a girlboss. In reality she is planning all the meals, all their events, doing all the housework, primping and constantly maintaining her appearance AND her man's probably washing his shit stained boxers, licking his brown eye and sucking his cock (unwashed of course she'd never ask him to do that) and gulping his cum, putting HER arm around HIM in public to show how progressive they are, driving him places so only her car gets extra miles, always paying because you know she's so progressive, you know she is just so happy and modern
That's the power of the BBC. Simple as that.
He looks really ecstatic. Oh wait, do you mean the girl proposing?
Yes. She has a very small penis
Me too. We are all Sons of Adam.
He looks like a good racemixed mulatto. Notice he has a nice forehead, not some slopey-ass gorilla forehead. Also, he doesn't have the jutting-out baboon jaw either.
He looks like an intelligent negro to me.
good one nigger
Bask your undeserving eyes.....
Unto holiness....
*bows down to the BBC*
That image is older than you, first of all
samefagging this hard
holy shit, do you really want to eventually get doxxed to stop your gay shit?
Niggers tongue my anys
Chads in shambles
This is why I neet. No pussy no work
iconic moment in human history.
Hot. Original comment. Original.
meanwhile another L for gorilla looking black women.............
beep beep, I'm a robot! Not really tho....
