23
went from being an incel, to looksmaxxing and slaying
hooked up weekly with a different girl
tried a variety of drugs and tried a variety of activities
met my gf, we are fully bonded and out of all the girls ive tried I found the one
shes is like ashbie moon personality and looks wise
deeply in love with me tho she shouldnt be
got a decent job 
However I am still the same mess of a person I was prior to all this. My happiness level and demons still remain. If anything I am more blackpilled now than ever before having been with women irl vs shitpost.
Is there any cope
boohooo I do drugs and sex 
Nice bait
I'm 26 khhv and just want a damn job so I can buy drugs and get high till I die
Yea grass is always greener bro
23
you're too late.
captcha: ITSOVER
I am a normalfag who made it and I am still sad feel bad for me
fuck off. if you wanna be of use give us nudes of the whores you devalued by having casual sex with
jump off a bridge, it will help
early 20s, robotic as fuck since i dedicated my life to video games and 4chan
complete mental breakdown, and cold turkey revival
sobriety, dieting, gym and sports
fashion, grooming, professional haircuts 
offline friends, reconnecting with distant family, dating and girlfriend
courses, education, job, promotion
feel like a fraud, a fake, an actual NPC
stressed all the time, nothing is ever natural, everything is a labour, i can't wait to go home and be alone
complete mental breakdown, and reborn as a nihilist again
no gym, no dieting, no offline socialization, no gf, relatives get a call once a month
kept the job, but do the bare minimum to not get fired, negotiate to "work" from home during the pandemic and still do so
Pain minimization > pleasure maximization in the long term. Trying and failing causes more harm than trying and succeeding causes pleasure. Those are my findings.
Only being on a life or death situation will give what u want, so go fight in a war.
This is a easy route to get cursed by Ishtar and Dumuzid
You must find gnosis, free yourself from the grasp of the demiurge and the archons 
I trust the force of magick, follow your Will, find your Angel!
Being a marginal isn't about sex, women, looks or money. Once you are a marginal you will forever be a marginal.
But there's only one thing you can do and that is contemplation. Just live the moment.
pretty sure this is the opposite of reality. we evolved to fight to the death and live in the dirt amongst desease and deprivation. you live with less pain than most prior humans could hope to live with but feel hollow. And you think the solution is further pain minimization?
Also, what you descriped is not pain but stress / responsibility / chore minimization.
what's a marginal ?
went from being an incel, to looksmaxxing and slaying
How?
Once you are a marginal you will forever be a marginal.
Well, women like that kind of guy. At least for short, intense relationships.
When they want a stable betabux they'll look somewhere else.
shes is like ashbie moon
seriously identifying yourself or others in your life with fucking mspaint wojak/frog memes is all i need to dismiss every last word that ever comes from you, did not read the rest
shit drop ur disc and I'll give you nudes of said whores.
what is that image? how do i get a balaclava-wearing boyfriend?
Roids esp androgenic ones like tren squared out my jaw n made my face sharper, drugs such as lsd, shrooms, coke for social/low inhibmaxxing, and getting leaner.
OP here this isnt me. And main pic is OC, but heres another
Nvm main pic isnt what i thought i uploaded
Maybe you should focus on your mental health instead of fucking and doing blow. Just a thought.
How do you focus on mental health, if i was honest with a therapist id be in prison or in a warx
What could you say to a therapist that could get you sent to prison? Did you murder or rape someone?
