<comment>
be me
absolute loser
post here trying to meet somebody
meet a girl 
we talk, find out we live only states away
it goes amazing for months
first person i've ever met that i've felt so profoundly connected to
she's so understanding, she loves me so much
she wants to be something, unlike me. she's so smart and skilled, i'm in love.
we're going to move in together in a few months, i'm the happiest i've ever been in my whole life.
a few days ago
mental illness kicks in overdrive
she's busy working but i think something happened so for days i get worse and worse
block everybody during an episode
she calls me, calms me down
she blocks me on a few things
didn't realize she was trying to take a break
have a freakout yesterday, call her over and over again
no answer
realize it's her birthday
still in an episode so i freak out and try to abandon her first
regret it
she messages me, tells me how upset she is with me and that she can't deal with this anymore
i try to explain but she's blocked me on everything
hyper-panicked, try begging her to give me one last call
no response
i was so concerned with my own fears and feels that i didn't even fucking think about hers
realize i've been stretching her thin for so long
heart pounding, shaking, sweating, crying
can't stop thinking about suicide
i loved her more than anything and i've lost her
take all my antipsychotics at once (barely any because doctor put me on a weekly prescription)
have a 5 hour nap, vivid nightmares involving her
wake up at 6pm
crawl out of bed
this is my penance for letting my mental illness fester all these years until it destroyed the last thing i really had left, and it's all my fault. the guilt i feel is unending. This is my punishment.
I cannot kill myself. I need to keep living. I am not choosing the easy way out like my father.
I will continue breathing, I will try to get better, make something of my life.
But I will never forget what I have done.
<comment>
post testicles
<comment>
be me 
absolute loser 
Meet a girl 
Uh huh
<comment>
Mental illness sounds like hell. I'm really sorry, Anon.
<comment>
Better yourself to prove you deserve her anon.
You're going to make it.
<comment>
Don't get caught up on her anon it hurts for the first ones but there are plenty of other holes that will love you even better than her. Be true to yourself if she was off here she was worth noting
