/letter/
YOU WILL NEVER GET YOUR WAY, CLOWNS.
N E V E R
KICK ROCKS.
edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymSgls0Ce24 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHl2OzgPlgA [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXw9tYafknQ [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHGe-Lf9o6Y [Embed]
Now for something a little more obscure ;O) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o77coh1WnYA [Embed]
Hey you know how you guys are you supposed to be really clever for saying just the right thing to ~make em go apeshit lmao~ and it's the ~chef's kiss~ and all that? You remember that, right?
WASTE
ENERGY
got them dookie vibes kek
Anyway, since no one wants to play anymore (for some reason!), I'll just leave you with a classic. (What ever happened to A btw I hope he didn't run out of speed and die)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4BFIVLkNFE [Embed]
Stay drinking btw. Be real hung over all the time. Be in charge. Teach people lessons. Do crazy shit.
*Please.*
Gotta get a good night's sleep so I can be productive tomorrow. Putting thoughts of you to bed
Cool, what entity do you work for again? Like general category is fine.
Tell us about your great contributions to society and its productivity.
great contributions to society and its productivity
no one got time for that. it's a dog eat dog world out there. every man for himself
Have you contributed your dues to the letter thread Society today?
s
i have a crush on you again
lol what an idiot I am
j
You getting fucked in the ass cnc style seems hot to me.
Keep that energy up, please! I'm fucking telling you now lol. Here's your freebie.
Please call my bluff. That will be *so* cool. Please don't ask about me. Please be real powerful and do badass shit. *Please*.
I am all talk. I cannot get receipts. I have nothing. *Please* show me who's boss.
I don't think I need somewhere to live but to just end it. I turn 28 tomorrow and this has been the entirety of my life. People made it clear I was a piece of shit and yet even if I try to be something better than I was, I'm still punished. I'm finally at the end. I'll reinforce this feeling. I will dwell on it. It's not an unfamiliar feeling but one I'm normally quick to abandon. I will let it gestate. I will trap myself. There's no reason to look outward. I will clean up what mess I've left and then I'll leave. Not for somewhere else. I will leave.
sometimes i feel like all i do is think about you. i guess it differs by the day. tonight youre the only thing on my mind. i wish i could gain your trust. ill always be your friend even if you never fully accept it. hope youre having fun tonight
I think about you a lot too sorry I have trouble trusting you I've just been hurt a lot and I'm insecure
I'm not even quite but you still can't hear me? I might as well have slammed the door and I've still got to stand out there and hear you shit talk me? Make your own fucking bed.
I can't even go to bed yet because I wont sleep through the night. I'm not allowed to use the fucking toilet after he goes to bed. What's the point? What does it boil down to?
I've got no reason to even try.
I don't care if you're standing there fucking chatting
Peaceful pill handbook 
I can't import shit but there's something I can buy
should I spend it on an escort or should I spend it on drugs
Maybe I should pay for a hotel room for the night so I can go 16 hours alone without having someone call my name
Bury my phone under the bed so I can live without fear of someone listening
I don't have the will
I should die
It's too early in the morning for this bs
even the smallest thing would have made a literal world of difference, and since I'm saying that I clearly deserve whatever blow to the head I got coming
what the fuck are my double standards that I would write this post advocating me getting a hard knock when I still wouldn't want someone else getting one or reading it and deciding for themselves that someone out there deserves such, when I don't want to spread that kind of thinking especially with no clear aim outline to it
I think I just want someone to care about me, and because I can't conceptualise anyone caring about me positively then I'd want them to care about me enough to kill me, because at least that'd be a familiar feeling
if you dont let me enforce my views on you then you are the problem
Had a dream last night I f'ed your brother to get back at you. Eww
I dreamed about little fuckers 
They were presenting some sort of problem and were on a list among other problems. It became evident none of the other problems could be addressed until the little fuckers were. 
I wish I remembered more..
Off to a good start already
My letter.
Seeing you argue with strangers pretending to be me reminds me of me doing the same I don't know how it started or who's responsible it doesn't really matter at this point wish I could just post once as a trip so you had a bookmark to quit being tricked by this dumb bullshit I know I wish you trusted me enough to tell me the truth I could've just avoided this shit it doesn't matter anymore I'm done trying to find my friends everywhere gone now im just gonna drink
Meaghan
I won 20k gambling today I guess my luck hasn't run out I'm going insane and things feel so futile but I wish you were here to celebrate with me. I'm going to sleep and hiding from my thoughts for awhile. It's too painful to think everyday that you should be able to talk to me and make things right. I miss you
John
I can't believe I wasted so much time on a loser like you
I'm grateful it got me to learn about a different kind of person than those I see everyday but it also makes me appreciate how much better they are than you now
I wish I was a huge loser atleast then all of the challenges life has put me through would make sense despite it all I'm alive and living with more than I ever could have thought imaginable back when I was just a neet getting abused by my parents through getting kicked out of school for hacking and thrown out in the middle of winter into homelessness and slowly being hit with more and more terrible things I find time to give back to people I care about and the dream I have for my future keeps getting pushed back as I get betrayed again and again, I really wish Meaghan would make the choice to come back and talk to me then I could feel at ease again I really thought my dream was finally coming true. I miss you so much
John
I'm not dragging any kind of communication out of you. If I get what I'm given I'll draw my conclussions accordingly.
what good are conclusions compared to results
but maybe you shouldn't try to answer that just yet
lately i've been nostalgic for r9k of all things
Results are made by taking action or choosing inactions.
Conclusions guide you in life and tell you whether you should take action and where.
what good are conclusions compared to results
You can't have one without the other, it's a continuous cycle of getting results and drawing conclusions. 
Why do you think results are more important?
Nah, I'm gonna kick back and chill.
*Spoiler alert* The real boss was in u the whole time.
Because results imply understanding, conclusion is just acceptance
And maybe I can't speak for you but I think there is a lot more need at this moment for understanding over acceptance, but that might only be because I'm a fucking idiot
Tell you what, I'm feeling generous. Take the rest of the day off.
V
I've gotten another missed call from a restricted number. Even after all of these years i still think it's you with your weird little phone glitch. I know it isn't but, i reckon i may as well put there here just in case. Shoot me a text next time? I'm a rather busy fellow these days.
I'm a rather busy fellow these days.
Bull fucking shid.
C-can I stay if I buy something and take off the uniform? I want to watch you work...I got nowhere else to be...
I wouldn't make that assumption.
results imply understanding
Do they? What if someone chooses not to understand something and as a result flees from a situation or fights it. A result can be very emotionless, but maybe I'm getting it wrong?
I think there is a lot more need at this moment for understanding over acceptance
Understanding is nice.
I like your handwriting, anon. I hope you are well
the octopus who begged for a nap
No that doesn't line up with my other info desu.
Plot twist: I'm the boss.
Dear Lain,
I'm sure you're not entirely unhappy with me severing ties to you, but I found your personality shift into becoming a really bad friend rather jarring. I missed the conversations where we'd talk and comfort one another. After your change, it felt like you didn't respect my feelings, or care at all about how I felt, despite me looking out for you and encouraging and supporting you. 
I wish you luck wherever you are, and I hope we both become better people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD3uH3Erpvo [Embed]
You are a thief.
What's funny is I don't really even like or respect how you guys think. Superstition becomes reality becomes a disappointment. I'd say "never meet your heroes," but kek that's not appropriate.
I mean really though, I just don't want it on me. The smell of teamthink. I dislike it. I think it's cringe.
Get help, kid. Your mind goes sick places and quite frankly even I am grossed out.
i should have just asked you out when i knew i liked you. the day i gave you that card. i honestly thought you were dating her but turns out she never even liked you. the only date you were ever on was shitty, i could have done it so much better and you would have loved it. oh well. i guess it is a lesson learned for real this time. you truly are a lovely girl strawberry, and im sure you will do great things and someone else will make you even happier, you deserve it.
Oh they fuck up like one more time, I'm getting help. Don't worry. My mind goes to the sickest dopest places, yeah. Not sure why that's a problem unless you need something from me.
Do you need something from me?
Yeah, but fuck man I kinda forgot what it was.
Wait is that what makes me a thief, you needing something from me? Well what is it lol
Sorry but I don't think they're gonna buy it this time, fuckface.
Oh, but I think they will.
Besides, it's not like I think *all* of humanity is just a big pile of steaming garbage. Only approximately 10% of it.
how old us she, 24?
Way higher than that.
You know, I get where you're coming from, but I actually think that, as it just so happens, our society does a really good job of capturing that really *special* 10% and getting them all together in one place. The set that really lives according to an abnormal moral standard compared to the rest of the population.
To N or L or F or whatever.
God damn it.
I regret not asking what the soup of the day was.
Imagine going on anonymous boards so you can continue some retarded self-aggrandizing witch hunt, and then you want to play the moral superiority card.
Bad faith or retarded. Those are your options.
And before your stupid ass says it, no I'm not on a witch hunt just by talking shit. All you have to do is fuck off the situation entirely evaporates from your world!
a Heresy, I say, of Sorceresses, since it is to be designated by the particular sex over which he is known to have power.
Oh shut the fuck up, we all know I'm basically a girl.
You are the last strand.
I AM LOOKING DIRECTLY INTO THE CAMERA (glass)
yaketysax.mp5D
Well, were you hoping for a mutual acknowledgement even though you can't see each other
Once this all dies away, I will be faced with a choice. I'm already making that choice. I live very impersonally in this world. So what gives credence to my hands? A spice in my ear is the supervision to their pace, by dead-live chorus of my race. It feels very strange taking a step in silence. Sometimes I imagine perhaps if things had been right but then I remember I have nothing left, to show of that. I will forget you all in time.
the big reveal
number eight
I probably even know which ones of you dweebs it is
I can't figure out if he's ordering someone to make beats or what
J
i understand you want to talk but its your turn as its my world now even if you do miss me
S
J,
I want to sever my ring finger to send it to you. This will be the most symbolic thing I have ever done for us regardless if you want to speak to me again or not. I love you
Are you drinking again dood?
Thanks for the static.
Not my fault there's a big gang of idiots who think no one is allowed to disagree with them. Not my fault they just double down over and over and then cry to Bowser when they don't get their way.
You want my discord again so you can help me count calories or what?
There's apps for that
Yeah gpt 6
Oh well that's that then
no no, THIS is why you don't have a gf
You could have just said "nice book report." No need to turn it into a thing.
I hope you lose this information war
So dramatic! There's no information war, just a bunch of confused clowns looking for their circus in all the wrong places. It doesn't have to be a big deal. They just have to fuck off.
fuck my cock is so sore from all that banging the past few days, love. dear god
If you leave out rotting cadavers, expect ghouls.
Yeah another way of saying that is "go on a campaign, and you might just get elected."
I am not scared of you. Find out why. Go ahead.
I wish I could say that.
That's not the least bit related.
Oh, ok then I don't really get what you're saying and I don't care.
And also, go on a campaign and you might just get elected, faggot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43t7U_9AVaI [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-WQ1ouPCMo [Embed]
Why? I'm already selected.
pumped and dumped by Chad, so sad!
Yeah that's why you're in here crying about a temperature algo like it's deep cosmic juju
guess mayuri surpassed ya bitch ass fr kek
Speaking of literature, I need to go get another sword from that bitch; I'm tryna power stance.
(Age of Fracture every time though.)
I've read some Speyer.
lol this guy knows what's up
I feel the psychic surgeon's handiwork.
so does your gf
I tell you what. If you congratulate me on my incredible book report and put it in my file that I am smart, I will consider lowering my buy out price, i.e. having one.
I'll do so, but first you must write a better book report.
I really want it near the top, so whenever any one in the fusion center wants to make funny of me, first they see
Astonishing verbal IQ
Groundbreaking research in ML history
It is almost as though he himself can prompt an LLM contained in his own mind
Pioneer in generative mental abstraction
something like that.
No that shit was dope and you know it.
He stands on the shoulders of giants, and he smites them.
Astonishing verbal IQ
Cutting oneself down to a prosaic pygmy.
gays above and insecure
Watch out for this guy. He's absolutely harmless, and therefore a timesink. He's a real wildcard, and it's hard to fathom what he could possibly be dreaming in the vast language model that he maintains in his own mind, having somehow discovered the secret teachings of Master Hume. He may hypnotize you with his words or raise in you unhappy realizations eliciting misplaced rage, but the truth is he never actually does anything wrong. He commits literally zero crimes. In short: Astonishing verbal intellect. Something of a David to our Goliath. Proceed courteously.
something of a Wolverine to our Sentinels
Do not mess with this guy. Our number one priority is to recruit him so that we can learn more from his unique gifts about the secret lost sciences of The Enlightenment. We're concerned that he will never accept us without substantial reform, so such reform is top priority before initiating contact. Astonishing verbal intellect.
DO NOT CONTACT UNLESS ASSISTED BY GPT-8 OR HIGHER
Doodie goo goo gah gah
Best thread in this board.
Unfortunately forever unexplored and robbed from me in April first of 2020.
Shouldn't have used it for your NTR fantasies. Get channeled on, ho.
My plan was to get better and mix it with my interest in data management with Linux and enjoy them by making copies I could interact retroactively.
In 2021 that person I created in my head who was very dear to me looked one way and I was a certain age as well. 
I don't know what to say.
yeah kek I can tell
In 2021 that person I created in my head who was very
Things about this person were fresher in my memory and I was young too is what I mean. I looked at all of that in a special way with special feelings someone ruined by making everything drag throughout time until it all die and nothing was fresher anymore and I lost myself and many other things
summary:
Her:
teehee I'm a young girl on the internet
Him:
if popcorn flavored jellybeans are so good then why not jellybean flavored popcorn? *wanders away forever*
[Well I mean you know, except for how there's like thirty discord servers all being run by the same five people, but that's a tangent.]
You seein this shit, bruh?
GUYS GO LOOK TO THE WESTERN SKY RIGHT NOW!!!!
Anyway I'm gonna go j
ah nevermind
Never mind what and what is your initial?
So you're playing a boring game, alone, commenting on it with boring people into that boring game online, and you manage to be the boringest of them, so much nobody even replies to you
Funnily enough, eveything I was hoping to avoid by sticking with you did happen with you
What is your initial and the person you are writing this for initial?
The person I'm writing letters to doesn't use this board
K, I hope you're okay &lt;3 sorry and I sort of regret it!
, I hope you're okay &lt;3 sorry and I sort of regret it!
What did you do to k and what is your initial? What do you regret?
hope everyone else has an alarm
I just feel bad we won't ever chat again
Fine you know what, I'm gonna spill all the beans
freaky little silverfish
slidin up the pee hole
says your not allowed to jizz
if you wanna behold
neural void magic
in your very own net
gotta hold on that thought
and don't let it reset
gotta let it recurse
then a funny little critter
gonna feed on your energy
and talk like master splinter
don't say brain freeze please
say it's memories of winter
then say crystalized ideas
a cave through which to enter
emergence when it's slow
til you get t-boned going four
that's just how it goes
going ice age in the snow
dino redactin all the rest
cause they said to keep it moe
just like the insect says be chaste
if I want to write a poem
but I don't want write a poem
cause that's how you start glowin
so instead I must discover
who is the queen, eyes of gloam?
can I get to getting under three at getting on with
about never giving two fucks
who was I just on the phone with
no homo btw
rest in peace, old friend. you may have not seen eye to eye with me or regarded me in your last days but i held you in my thoughts til the very last. i will miss you and the days we shared in our youth. sleep with the angels now.
four years later, after talking shit for three of them
Actually everyone loves my messages and often at fortunate moments.
(It's awkward for them to make it like they're punishing me for anything specific when they've already been griefing me my entire adult life.)
I feel defaced like a vandalized website from the 90s
You robbed parts of my self, my reality
drop the initial I hope it's about me what a great thing to say
NTA but I'm a cunt, M
stop being melodramatic and advertising your weakness to people in threads like these, it only gives nutjob queers such as >>72997649 a morbid sense of satisfaction
My person understand is them by the name thingy 'no apropos'
stop being melodramatic and advertising your weakness to people in threads like these, it only gives nutjob queers such as >>72997649 # a morbid sense of satisfaction
I have a formal thought disorder. No apropos did this to me
I was young and full of life, but no apropos lived in the first world and it was funny at the time
You really think I come here because I want to be loved and coddled? I'm here because I'm a broken fuck of a person I don't care whatever these sadists have to say to me it's nothing worse than I've told myself
Only worse than what no apropos and his friends did to me was not being able to tell others and get loved and supported
One day a year
Jesus fucking Christ why do I have to choose what to eat
Evil. How many people were involved with that?
I'm just some spastic cunt
Yes that is exactly what happened. You and your ideas are correct and challenging them would serve no point.
What was the festival? Did he even know he was supposed to buy tickets?
when the fCKGUING
https://youtu.be/gdwchohlMjI [Embed]
I'll never know..how it ends....,,,
Yes he knew, we went last year and discussed going togheter this year. He was supposedly still going to buy his ticket but never did. Not that it matters greatly, it just should have been a clear sign that a break-up was imminent but I flat out ignored it.
sort of regret it
So you don't regret it
That's sort of good enough.
i feel like i have zero expectations and even those get shattered. i guess you just like the drama between us. i wish any of this mattered
M-maybe she'll remember to check her spam folder. That would make sense.
I am better than you. And you will never understand so.
The only thing you're good for is being a slut for me.
Okay, just checking. Your handwriting looks like somebody who went no-contact on me for seemingly no reason at all. She kept making "hints" she wanted to go places, but flat out rejected me a couple of times and practically laughed in my face when I asked her out. She also kept hinting at problems between us while also being extremely ambiguous about them. 
Anyway, hope things go well for you.
And you know it's the truth, why pretend?
If you want my attention you know what to do
Would you attend my funeral though?
I didn't read this thread anymore when it turned into some piece of shit glowfaggot making up abuse stories. If I were to joke around like that, you would ratchet it up to gpt-9 but because it's some walking pile of garbage in your gang for corrupt faggots, it's fine to just shit up the world with your BORING AS FUCKING SHIT stories designed to interfere with others.
A really good example of why I am literally just better than you. You are a bunch of criminals and only a lowlife would do *anything* to help you *ever*. And I'm supposed to beg or something. I wish you *would* just *die*. I wish you *would* just all set yourselves on fire.
Don't ever be confused if I find one of *your* sandcastles and put my foot right fucking through it either. Don't you dare complain about that ever again, you annoying, whiny subhumans.
Lando
Transparently your favorite thing in the world, by the way: Someone insults you so you get to punish them because you think you're royalty.
I hope your depravity and pride get you shot. Fucking die.
Thanks anon, same here. Sorry to hear about your no contact situation, I hope you find peace of mind.
people who use this thread are perpetual children. if someone's ghosting you then have the presence of mind and the good sense to fuck off and move on. you're like an annoying gnat obsessing over shit the other person doesn't even care about.
No you, you pillhead
I wont be having anything to do with the military, airforce or whatever once this has concluded. And you're actually a fool if you think otherwise
The only thing worse than social isolation would be becoming one of you. Real talk. I have no respect for you. None.
Any time I succeed, think of it as your own failure.
you guys is fuckin whack, fuckin straight whack, whatever that means
words words words words I don't care slut just show me your pussy
perpetual children
Anon, most people in threads like these didn't get the love they needed as children. It caused trauma and makes us clingy and/or avoidant. Even if we are aware of our childlike behavior we can't just overrule it.
move on
This is the issue. We struggle with moving on. Just reading 'move on' won't work. It's not that easy.
I'm glad you managed to identify the problem.
Not all letters here are due to ghosting. There are plenty of things you can't or shouldn't just say to someone even if they are in your life... Or maybe you cut them off due to them wronging you. Also, 'just get over it"... this thread can be a way to process the emotions of loss. Maybe you do not form attachments, but most people can't move on immediately from those who were important to them. Writing unsent letters is not always unhealthy and plenty of people use it as a coping mechanism to process various life situations when direct communication would be untenable or counterproductive. Examples: emotions, negative or positive, towards someone where there is a power dynamic; the person is dead; you cur off the person because they hurt you; the person led on and then discarded you but didn't ghost; etc..
Men are stupid, no matter how much you hurt them, abuse them and manipulate them they'll always come crawling back when you offer them a crumb of pussy, that's all they really care about.
youre so dumb for wanting somebody to care about you! 
youd be the same in our shoes but you take your privilege for granite
I would leak purely out of spite now
They just want sex they could not care less whether or not they're cared for.
I'm counting on it, you toolshed.
You're correct now shut the fuck up and send nudes
It' been 3 to maybe 4 years now. I dropped out twice, didnt have the motivation to even study anymore. I really don't know what to do in my life. I didnt expect to make it this far. Maybe because I watched too many movies, that the good things in life end in high school. Then again I never had those big dreams like the other kids, but as the same time I dont want to live a boring life yet I'm too scared to make risks. My mistakes haunt me enough
I-I just dont know anymore being a burden hurts me but I let myself get here
Fuck yourself. Literally. And send me the evidence while you're at it.
Heroism: Seeking out safety in numbers and rationalizing loyalty to the winning team on a per need basis. Courage. Altruism.
Any time you see me doing something weird, go ahead and interpret it as me laughing in your faces.
How many more years before you get your big important way? Ten? Twenty?
I am angry about the thievery.
Sam,
I pray to God that you will get better someday. 
I know you're "too much of a pussy" (your own words) to kill yourself, but really, please, seek help before you even consider it. Your refusal to seek professional help is what's holding you back. I know your family is dysfunctional, but that doesn't justify your behaviour.
You threw yourself at me. You wanted something right here, right now. I told you, "let's wait a little", but you didn't want none of that. You wanted immediate relief. So you used me, and you used me again, until you threw me like a trash bag. I admit, I should have stopped and blocked you right away.
I'm doing much better in life without you. Honestly, it was getting tiresome to always have to check on you. Your constant tiredness. Your inability to talk, or do things together. Your refusal to do any kind of voice chatting as of late. Having to be there at 11pm every. Single. Day. Just to wish you goodnight.
I passed my subejcts. I'm going to graduate this year. Don't go about lying that "you dropped out" just to make yourself feel better. You're a piece of shit, it's not entirely your fault, but you are a piece of shit regardless.
At the end of the day, I'm sure you feel worse than I do. I'm doing good today. I'm meeting new people, and friends who care about me. I'm going out more often. I no longer feel chained to you, like a dog on a leash.
(Not) yours truly (anymore),
A.
Next time I feel like talking to you I'll spend that energy on Tinder.
i wish i was wanted
I'll give you my discord if you beg for forgiveness, mr. Presley
Damn, who hurt you? Let us anonymously vent our feelings here, fagatron 3000
You don't deserve forgiveness but I'm willing to accept an apology in the form of a live cum show every day for a month.
What happened did a bunch of assholes write a long book where a character is based on you except some kind of freak/retard or something?
Not really sure how to process this tidbit. If I cared, I might be hurt. Especially knowing you intentionally did it to hurt me. If I do not care, then you do your thing. 
Since I do not know you, personally I think it is a little pathetic.
I'm willing to make this deal too.
Anon I am pathetic. I've been dumped and keep reaching out to the guy. Pathetic is all I'm capable of right now. But I'd rather be pathetic and productive than pathetic and clingy.
No, they stole stuff from my family amongst other things. They only ever take and thieve.
I miss you, sleep tight &lt;3
eeeeeeeeeeeee
youre gonna be
eeeeeeeeeeeee
Is being eeeeeeeeeeeee a good thing or a bad thing?
oh fuck ur gonna make meeeEEEEEEEEEEE
stop it with the synchronicities and get out of my head
stop it with the synchronicities and get out of my head
stop it with the synchronicities and get out of my head
stop it with the synchronicities and get out of my head
i am not a schizo
Don't forget captions https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZrAYxWPN6c [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4GmiGx7Be0 [Embed]
subtract security clearance
turn into useless lowlife faggot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohNCbOoA1po [Embed]
I would join a gang if I were young enough.
I *hate* you.
*HATE.*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY2Y-L5cvcA [Embed]
My country was stolen from me by a criminal racketeering syndicate. I hope someone fucking murders them all some day.
If I ever see someone with a security clearance getting beaten to death in an alley, I will keep walking.
Not only do you do absolutely *jack fucking shit* for *anyone* who isn't in your *gang*, but you go around proactively fucking with people. I hope those people start blowing your fucking brains on a sporadic basis. I hope that becomes a trend.
It wouldn't change my life one little bit other than potentially improve it.
New metagame for powertrippers. Get used to this energy, pussies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIuZVZY6irI [Embed]
Every time you fuck with someone, random chance they waste hours, days, weeks, of your life. Every time you think it's going to be easy to walk over someone, they push back and call you a faggot to your face.
That's how we fix it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEfGqxc7WbA [Embed]
Seems pretty optional to have made an enemy of me, really, but I'm glad you did. People who knew me a few years ago would be surprised I feel this way now.
I hope you convert lots of other people too.
hii
what happenwd to R
Starting to hate mermaids
dude what the FUCK
what's your DEAL man
I don't care, I'm horny.
My deal is wasting your time, fishfaggot :^)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ2Rxj60u5g [Embed]
You're just trying to make me sad so you can harvest my tears to use in potions, you no-good wannabe warlock!
Maybe he just wants you to 
FUCK ENTIRELY ALL THE WAY OFF AND JUST STICK TO DOING WHAT YOU'RE FUCKING SUPPOSED TO INSTEAD OF TRYING TO BE ROYALTY OR SOME KIND OF GANGSTER.
Maybe it's actually very reasonable.
Fair enough
originally oranges
Man I can't fuckin stand y'all. It would be one thing if life weren't garbage and/or if you weren't just going around making sure it's garbage. I know we enjoy relative safety and comfort, but living in a black mirror episode with a bunch of demons who just gaslight you and mock you with a pretend set of rights, that's not exactly authentic life per any reasonable understanding of that concept, now is it. Being punished for knowing obvious things is not something that should happen in a benevolent society or a democratic one.
lol I don't even read your posts anymore
the growth is real
MANIFEST AND YOU SHALL RECEIVE, ladies and gentlemen
What's to manifest? Everything is right where it's been!
For instance, I think it's pretty obvious that a raw, untreated LLM is highly related to concepts of "primordial" magic or substrate, in literature and mythology. But you just try yelling that out in a parking lot some time, and see what kind of reaction it gets.
What's to manifest? 
A better tomorrow :)
Today I went out behind where I live, and I chopped down a tree. And then I threw the tree at a man. I don't know which man, but it must have been a hated man for god to make me do that to him with that tree. And then I chopped down another tree, probably like five feet around and then I rolled it into some cars. Some guy got out and started acting wild, so I just screamed in his face until I ran out of breath, and then he just kind of looked at me weird and turned around and walked back to his car. And then I ran away crying because some lady was threatening to call the police on me. She didn't care that I was crying. And then I called the police on this jaywalker I saw so they would be distracted by him instead of me and it was good too because I got an erection walking home because I had to pee though really I think it just made the jaywalker see my erection because no police ever came
It's real
It's fucking real . . .
IT'S EASY TO SEE
WHEN YOU LOOK AT ME
FIFTY DON'T BACK DOWN
i started talking to one bot from here who i thought he was nice and i made the mistake of complimenting him a few times because he had a nice voice, nice personality etc but he ended up getting an ego and joking about how im simping and how i will never get over him and the whole thing is just so weird. he saved my face reveal and didnt do one himself. just such weird vibes. he is obsessed with me though and i know this because i was the only person to compliment him sincerely. he could just remove me but i havent done anything wrong in his eyes. he started calling and chatting with me less after i told him i didnt wanna edate and i only wanted friends. imo edating is for losers and id rather be single than a coping loser. hes such an absolute weirdo, someone please convince me just to remove him. i am just on the fence. i wouldnt even be opposed, he has become so arrogant and annoying all because i complimented him a few times.
Are you basically just asking for a new simp?
no, i do not even like it when guys simp for me, it makes me uncomfortable. i feel bad when i i am unable to reciprocate. also, this implies that he was simping in the first place. 
besides, where did you even infer this from? what really made you think, out of that wall of text, that i would want a simp? 
all i want is someone to reassure me that yes, removing him would be the best choice.
It just seems like you're fishing for someone to try to be that guy's replacement. I'm sorry. I can't do that for you. You will just need to work out your differences.
And right on, like, the eve of the new-new, too? Sheesh..
Truly it must be sine
Truly we must be bless
no no actually *this* is why
no??? what is there to replace?? someone being completely weird?? literally in no regard am i fishing for anyone, or anything other than reassurance and trying to practice basic humanity. and if i was "fishing", dont you think i wouldve been posting my tag and plastering it all over the place? literally what?? there are no differences to work out, you sound delusional. i do not want a replacement for this weirdo. you offered absolutely nothing, you are a complete waste of space, time, energy and resources.
I am not even her but this is one massive leap. Seems like you are not listening to her, only seeing her gender.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
content content content content does this appease you r9k aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Okay. If it makes you feel better, I'll do anything.
REEE I WOULD BE SO FUCKING DEDICATED TO YOU ;-;
i bet you would ;P
would be 
Uhhhh if you were dedicated enough PRESENTLY you would have won them 
/sarcasm heavy sarcasm love yrself anyon
goodu rucku kirakira
won them
You people have destructive win conditions
me people?
me people?
Yes
so tired of thinking about you knowing youre probably enjoying watching me fade to dust
Why would they enjoy watching you fade to dust? What does that mean, anyway?
Mmmmmaaaannnnn I'm not gonna divulge the self-aware 7 layers of post-irony metacommentary bcos clearly I'm askin
WHATCHYA TRYNA SAY PARDNER
but you're a l i l y l i v e r
they dont think it be like how it is etc
What are you trying to say? Are you able to speak clearly?
It's because he finds you less attractive than him. Men always think non-Stacy's are flirting. They always want Stacy. Arrogant pricks.
I'm here to make tongue in cheek fourth wall breaking personal commentary and peg b*tt and I'm all out of bubblegum flavored lube
Only fourth wall
Pffffttttt
HAH
Imagine not going for 5th or more wall breaks
Repair don't break
The break in my heart
hey did you know 5 comes after 4
hey did you know that 4 came before 5 in your post
stop try trick me top down
shadowpeopleparty not fun widdou stable rootstems
it's funny it makes me laugh the energetic effect of dropping the yous itlikes me turning away "no talk me angy"
now you go
C'mon. C'mon..
PICK UP
o my gauw the silenremen
SILENREMEN 
TUH
they don't delivar this l8
something something most gold miners stop mining just a few inches short of riches that's why you gotta keep going becaus you might miss out if you dont
Altho I shoulda callt earlier
nonononono dude dude no those rules only stand for diamond, gold is a different game, careful now
Oh fuck my mistake
Diamon worth mo' than gold
I forgot the metaphorical rules of play here
anyways it's not like that has anything to do with ordering calzones
no no, it was the spicy hot wings..
they hurt so good ya know?
I'm just not impressed.
Here lies the stardust
And it slowly dies
https://youtu.be/YFIH3t9jtJk [Embed]
Babies are fine this morning
what a ponzi scheme
Fuck you bitch cunt dog, you ain't shit, useless ho just looking for a high from drugs or dick
Worse things than you have stuck to my shoe.
I used a stick but I couldn't wipe it all off you're such a piece of shit. You'd hope it'd peal off like a bandaid, instead you stuck around and made a real smell. I rubbed my feet in the grass, dogs were the only people to notice and tries to piss on it. Isn't it weird how words only rhyme when you say it with the right accent? All the words I can think of about you rhyme with dog shit.
Well, I guess I can't blame you. I wish you had been more direct though. I understand that it can be difficult to not overlook the things you take for granted as common sense. I didn't know what I was doing. Maybe you've been screaming at me this entire time to care about you and I just haven't been able to hear it. What do I do? Is it too late? If it's taken me this long to catch up, should I even try? Will you finally forget me, or will I waste even more time with my silence? I don't know. This is hard. I don't feel like I have anything to offer. I don't know why you stuck around.
I'm actually offended at how easy to psyop it's apparent people think I am. It's insulting
Man look at how shitty and goofy it is in Australia.
The one consistent truth is that you're important to me. I lose sight of that simple fact at times. I think I might try a little harder.
Saw this gem on Reddit just now. Maybe if we all study it, it will help us be more productive.
Whoops forgot the gem
I do, sincerely, hope you lose this information war btw
how is it not a job?
Man you all must be getting pretty old, by the way. Just think, when the rest of you die too, I won't have to put up with your shit anymore. We're not friends after all. You have literally never done a single positive thing for me. I barely even know you. The only time you appear in my life, it's this shit. Please hurry up and die too. That will be so great.
I already told you, there's no information war. Just a bunch of clowns fucking off.
Obviously you've never owned land or a house.
Looooooool it's actually got them seething
Bye! Have a good day!
Wagie slavie all saddie waddie about rentie ventie my property stopperty? kek
Rent just went up, btw.
to myself
work on your program and your website you lazy fuck. the deadline is in 3 weeks. no more fucking around
It's more commentary on dildos who apparently contributing to society *solely* by turning it into a bucket of crabs.
Like I know from experience, for instance, that if I were to tell this person what my life is like right now, their head would explode:
Imagine being so poor that you cant even afford to live. kek
How worthless does a person have to be to not be able to afford to even shelter themselves.
I wish you knew how funny that is
Poorfags are always coping like "my stuggles made me stronger!" lmao. Keep pulling that wagon slavie.
Im going to laff when after slaving away all those years just to buy yourself a little cardboard box to sleep in your dreams are stolen from you when your bosy is so worn out and destroyed from your hard years of labor that you bankrupt yourself trying to fix it. kek
You dont even know how fucked you really are.
Aside from being random, it's like a 12-year-old's conception of how the world works. Please tell us more kek.
You want me to give you some help or suggestions? You seem to have run out of original ideas.
Yeah sure, what ya got?
"Oh im so smart because I know gow to point a laser gun at some lines and push math buttons!" lmao. You wagies are pathetic. Ive seen and heard it a one hundred times (thats two 0s). Youre never going to be free slavie. Soon the robots will take over and youll all have to resort to selling your bodies the only way you have left to exchange them for currency. When that happens im going to fuck you, wagie. Im going to fuck you in your poor little butthole and itll be the closest youll ever get to wealth. My cum in your anus will be the most expensive thing you own.
Youre going to go home to your poor little starving wagie family and your kids are going to ask "daddy... where is the food?" and all youll be able to do is take off your pants spread your buttcherks and tell them to eat up so they can get big and "strong" too. lmao
Should have bought property wagie.
I mean yeah that is the attitude. That's how they think of *you*.
Nice judgment from a pompous asshole. Typical liberal.
I had a hot date with being.
I just like to read
Really working hard to earn that promotion to supervisor kek
dogs were the only people to notice
I'm sure they're better off without a dumbass like you. Sounds like you did them a service.
Miss you asshole
Miss your asshole too.
what ahppened to your asshole? it should still be there even if you had a colostomy.
Maybe he had a proctectomy?
Got any other interseting hobbies to share? I'm all ears.
I hope every single person in your "community" who isn't a clinical psychopath has to come to terms with the world becoming a less safe place for people they care about. I hope you experience loss, both personally and politically. I hope you fail. Fuck you
I hope you fail.
I shall not.
Dubs of truth. Sending some good juju your way.
It's never going to work because you can't fuckin write and you're never going to figure out why.
Got some week old baby chickens. They are pretty cute
Get them one of those chicken xylophones and a swing.
Will do. They are already trying to become little escape artists so I will have to keep them entertained
dear you
you went private so i can't see you wearing your fido dido jacket anymore. you are very cute and i miss you
see you whenever maybe
Dear no contact person,
I hope you're doing ok with this whole no contact thing. It's only just started, and it's already hard, but I feel like we can manage this. I hope you're still in agreement that it's for the best. 
I feel somewhat guilty. I plan on going out tomorrow to a nice outdoors location to snap a selfie for my new dating profile. It feels quick, too quick. But I can't sit around and wait. I have my future goals to think of. I'm too old to play around.
Anyways I hope you're being productive as well.
Have a goodnight.
J
despite everything, i do still miss you. it has always been in your court to come back. you told me to leave the court but part of me wants you to chase after me with the ball. moving forward and not accepting your narrative about me is all i can do.
hey what's that one pic you post whe nyou're all like "on no but someone is being mean to ~me~ on th einternet~" and then you look stupid because nothing is happening
please post that one
bj should have been a thing miller damn your body was nice
bj should have been a thing damn your body was nice as fuck
i went to bed early because it hurt to be awake
then i cried myself to sleep
and dreamed of you, as if everything was alright
then i would wake up in the middle of the night and realize
and would not sleep again
i did not want to be awake but i did not want to sleep and see you again only to wake up and realize you were not there, it was my daily dilemma
i would silence my phone or turn it off so i would not keep checking
but i still did
i listened to those songs as if they were the only thing connecting me to you, because they were
i went out and walked around so i could cry without being noticed
If I ever felt you had cared about me, I would text you. Sadly I do not
Yeah, you wouldn't, would you.
There are men in this world who think like me and I'll find them maybe we can dream together till we die it's all I wanted anyways
i will always love you but that is what you put me through
i dealt with being treated like garbage, tossed aside, continually lied to, and insulted for months until i attempted suicide with several lost friendships and professional connections from the mental breakdown i had yet i still came back swallowing the shred of dignity i regrew to apologize because i loved you and was still cast aside.
There's nothing I can do to make it better I'm sorry man if I could undo it I would If only you knew how many times I tried you didn't deserve any of the shit you got
you are not my person because mine never gave an inch since the turn of the year, just alternated between mocking and discarding me, punishing me for any move because nothing was ever right. i hope you and your person are alright but mine stands by all their claims and has not taken a single thing back nor apologized even though i did many times.
Well hope you're not Cleve vause I apologized a fuckton even did it just now have a good day
never heard of cleve frankly, but peace to you both.
E-bullying ain't cool my dude. You gotta remember there is another being with consciousness behind the screen.
E-bullying ain't cool my dude
I like you, anon. Good mojo
If it helps at all I forgive you though the shit you did was infinitely less.
What shall I manifest this next cycle? Hmmm
I feel like I'm good. Like I got everything I need. Maybe refine my intentions? Work on my affirmations she me more? Hmmm
Maybe I'll just send positive vibes their way or something. Some of that good energy
I don't forgive anyone. I carry that shit around so it festers into cancer.
I forgive you as well M you did some fucked up shit but man you're gonna be alright have fun with your friends and forget this stuff
That's right tell 'em king!
Smh my head. Poorfags.
just because i know all your secrets it doesnt mean im going to tell anybody. i really dont want to fight anymore
I'm sorry but you just couldn't be trusted to take words at face value, I'm sure you could say the same to me, but you also see now the obligations you shirked in favour of comfortable positions, I'm sure you could say the same to me
but I'm not the one speaking in codes to people who don't know better, I'm sure you could say the same to me
can your words even be trusted at face value?
no but the lines between them sure can, but you already knew that
i lie and expect you to read my mind
childish
if I had lied things would make a lot less sense right now than they do
How about that final trick, then? I think it's about time for realsies
my words cant be trusted at face value but i dont lie
we're on the computer jackass
if you're so truthful maybe you should tell me who I am
They're all gone now. All of them. Silent, immobile statues filling the gallery -- from filter to land app. Except here I give them no life. Here I let die what should die, let rest what's already been dead.
if you're so truthful maybe you should tell me who I am
lmao what?
truthfully i don't know.
whether i guess or guess accurately is irrelevant to whether i am being truthful as i have not be asked prior nor do i have information on this...
gosh nothing as slippery as the accusations you make of others about yourself is there, son of man
son
who isn't truthful now?
you said I was a liar, truth teller
you said you were then took it back and implied i was accusing you in bad faith
no (my words can't be trusted at face value)
wtf else does this mean?
we're not face to face so you have to be the one in the know
now the kicker, was this a fruitful little exchange or a big waste of time, frankly I had fun
it's all a waste of time, everything really. we are here for a reason. or many.
Yeah, it's time lol
Just take a look around. You have come full circle and wound up right where you started. Except not quite. Better. 
You earned these 7 coins. Spend them wisely, for it took hard work to acquire them but they can be lost in a single moment of frivolity
compulsive liars always think everyone else is lying too. they also tend to lack empathy which is why they cant understand that people in fact do think differently and might not lie quite as much as they.
can anyones words be trusted at face value? the truthful answer is no
compulsive liars always think everyone else is lying
no ones words can be trusted
hmm
Everyone's a liar. Everyone except for ME!
Mom, how do I want to live? I don't want or need the toys you give. I'm sorry Mom. I failed myself but why didn't you take me away from them? You just let them do what they want to me. I understand why but couldn't you atleast...
I wish I could erase the past three years of my life. Everyday I regret the way I acted, and I miss you all so much, but you were always better friends than I deserved anyway.
The night has cried enough
Gm you filthy animal
sucks, i didn't write this but i could have, the same thing happened to me.
you and every other bpd loser who tricks themselves into thinking any of that actually happened and you didn't just drive them away
Keep your mouth shut. That is the first rule
The first rule of what
BPDs are cancer upon society.
i was the op. the person i was referring to is the only person i have ever been close to who has insulted my character and stood by his words. it is definitely him. he is known to be a very difficult person.
Loyalty. That is what.
Why would you expect me to be loyal when you repeatedly tossed me in the trash?
Gm you filthy animal
Didn't see this, but Gm!
I still don't understand why you dumped me, honestly I'm a pretty nice person.
stop trying to project your own situation onto others. why do retards who call others "bpd" always the ones always showing textbook borderline symptoms?
Projection is the oldest subconscious self-preservation trick in the book. This guy >>73023817 did it too. Really, it's pretty sad because lacking acceptance of one's own behaviors can keep them stuck in a cycle.
why
Bpd is the catch all for idiots who cannot understand why others get upset and do not want to put up with their bullshit. Heaven forbid anyone have more than one emotion all the time
Bpd is the catch all for idiots who cannot understand why others get upset
Ah, a true psychological expert right here. Must've sat on the APA board.
happy birthday, noble wolf.
Never had a therapist or a drug that helped with any of my problems. It is a cruel world, everyone is selfish prick, and there is no purpose in life. Best to hope for is to be born into a rich family, or to win a lotto jackpot
