I am the most unlucky person here.
To preface, I will state my two good qualities. Due to the intense mental suffering that has been my life, I have formed a very pleasant personality and genuinely only wish to help others and make the world a better place. I am also conventionally attractive.
But,
3-5 years to live due to rapidly advancing weird ass unknown nervous system illness
No family, no friends, no girlfriend, no support system
Flunked out of community college because one class required a windows laptop (couldn't afford - had As in all my other classes, F in statistics.)
Getting evicted because my landlord is a paranoid control freak
Victim of every single form of abuse you can fathom, never reported any of it
Debilitatingly mentally ill but unevaluated/unmedicated
Got MKUltra'd
Gaze upon my suffering and share yours. Not trying to have a pissing contest.
Wanted to be a dad ever since I was a small child
Having a family has arguably been my life's goal
Recently found out there's a very high chance I may be infertile due to a genetic disorder
It hurts, bros...
Jesus christ, anon. I cant compete with that. Im just sad i cant connect with people, no frens, so lonely. Looks microscopic compared to yours
Youre not larping, are you? This sounds unbelievably bad, anon. Unbelievably
I'm sorry brother. I also feel the pain of not being able to have kids, but only for financial reasons, no woman wants me. Really sorry.
I feel the same, but we can connect, I am also friendless and lonely. Thank you for your response, you are kind
I'm not larping sadly :(
It's becoming very bad. I don't think once you go homeless there's really any way back. I don't wanna be homeless. I tried so hard to work and be a hard worker, I've worked since I was sixteen years old and emancipated from my mother. I just wanted a decent life. I wanted love and a family and people who care about me but it's fucked. It's all fucked. And suffering from years of abuse I just can't trust people anymore and I'm just broken. And so fucking lonely.
I'm gonna give the suicide hotline a ring just to have someone to talk to rn. Thank you kind anons for being nice
Due to the intense mental suffering that has been my life, I have formed a very pleasant personality and genuinely only wish to help others and make the world a better place. I am also conventionally attractive.
Yeah people here overrate the fuck out of being good looking. When I was younger I'd have random women slapping my butt and even now I get women saying shit like "hey handsome." But I can't get a GF due to being a mentalcel.
9 times out of ten I'm the most conventionally attractive person in the room, but that doesn't matter when all my personality is a mask for years of neglect, beatings, ritual sexual abuse, drugging, psychological abuse and manipulation. And it just doesn't stop. Everywhere I go it keeps happening over and over again.
I'm tired. I just want to die now and get it over with, considering I'm going to die in a few years anyway. I want it all to end.
had friends, life, etc
crippling OCD strikes and leaves me incapacitated and I have to go into partial hospitalization 
become a loser who plays video games all day and frequents 4chan
completely forget how to interact with people 
I go back to school tomorrow because by insurance is retarded but I dont know how to act normally anymore
Im really sorry you have to go through all that op. My heart goes out to you
Your life is worse than mine. Me? Just your average 30yo loser, neet, completely friendless, poor and mentally ill. I was fine with those, until I started feeling sick recently. Eh.....
Rooting for you anyway, OP, although it looks like your neurological problem wont be fixed anytime soon. At least you'll find peace in death
Im sorry that i thought you were larping. Im so sorry that this happened to you. I hope you find a solace here. I go here cause im lonely most of the time
That sounds good. Ill try replying here as much as i can, OP. To keep you company and cause i also want some company
I'm off to sleep but pretend I'm *hug*ing you
Also im not this guy btw >>72986245 but damn im lonely too. I hope you guys find friendship in the meatspace one day
Do well in school frend
It's okay. Either I'll die or I'll survive.
I think it is brother. I'm younger and I only have a couple years to live - got ya good! Heh
At least you'll find peace in death
I hope so anon.
I understand, I wasn't angry at you. Thank you 
Thank you anon, I appreciate it, I might go to sleep soon though.
Goodnight friend, thank you for being here
You too brother
Just got off the phone with the suicide hotline. Seems like they can't evict me immediately as they claimed. So they will have to take me to court eventually. So that's good, I have a little time at least.
Good night, frens. I hope you have nice dreams
To court? Why? Do you get evicted when youre suicidal?
have intense desire to get fucked by big black cock 
develop psoriasis on my asshole 
No one will fuck me now, not even niggers
No, you get evicted when your landlord doesn't like your attitude when you tell him you leave his property to pick up food deliveries. Like I said, control freak.
Your landlord sounds like a dickhead
He is a fucking dickhead. He also shut off my internet even though I paid for rent this month. Scum.
Ohh okay
originalo
Your not allowed to leave his property? What? Are you sure you're not in prison?
Im going to bed in a little bit, I wish you the best. If you want to talk later just post here under the same name and we will all be there to support you
It's in the lease that I'm not allowed to get door dash to the house. That's fine, I complied by walking out to the street to collect door dash, which he calls "the end of the driveway" (even though it is no longer his property and not even close to the end of his driveway)
Definitely feels like a fuckin prison man.
Hey... Seriously thank you. You all made my night a little better.
