Slightly different, less transparently biased Loser Bingo edition now in .png format
I guess I'm less of a loser than some people. (I still probably am one, but it's in the details instead of the broad outlines)
Do birthday parties and holiday parties count?
I always get bingo on these no matter what the criteria are 
if they're for family probably not
not too bad honestly 
originally
Ok but this is often entirely normalfaggotry in the current year
I like this bingo, quite nice.
I'd say that would qualify you for the middle right box personally
ponyfag/furry/weeb. Not really big into any of those, but they're all fitting. Ponies are cute. Furries are cute. Anime is cute.
I've been cutting back on getting high and drunk and medication in the past few months. So, requires medication and high/drunk most days will probably be erased some day. Bingo for me! What do I win?
Literally how? I don't understand how people get neetbux consistently enough to not have to work
i draw funny animals
Well I live with my mom so the NEETbux covers my food and rent to her, I got on NEETbux fairly easily but she was the one who did all of the work for it since I'm a recluse and dropped out of school. I also have an Asperger's diagnosis which probably helped with all of that.
oops, missed a box
You are right, but I've been off my meds (expect for ativan/aka/the fun one) for three months now
I'm a loser babe e
Total loser
killing mys elf
2hard4me
Make a better one
Almost got me faggot
I'm not lying. No matter how hard I try I can't get a girlfriend. I've done everything I'm supposed to, and girls seem attracted to me. But once we start talking I don't know how to vibe well. I mean I'm not even a boring guy I just have a hard time flirting and giving off that sexual energy. It's hard and I'm starting to believe no one will love me.
you might just have social anxiety or something
Guess I'm not a loser, get fucked (with some oregano)
Not true either. I have a social job and I'm a decent conversationalist, but my conversations are very base level. And people pour everything they have at me while I listen. I feel like an NPC.
does strolling in parks count as "hobby"?
This one made me feel a little better about myself
I guess I'm doing pretty good?
feel my power
i clean my ass directly. i don't need to scald and bald to do it
This is bullshit.
I can pass as normal if I need to
this ain't so bad.
t. 30 year old khv.
Rough start. Most of the points are incel related though, just don't be a retard
Actually surprised with my evolution.. if I did this last year for sure I would've hit bingo... I hope I can get laid this year...
Almost got a straight line but I don't meme IRL
Bingo!
...
It's pretty over, and I'm barely 21.
It is what it is...
Im not so bad after all. I only check a little less than 50%
Forgot to cross out the 4chan one. Shit, 48%
green is true
yellow is partially true or maybe
so, is it children, animals or family degenerateanon?
I can still be saved, right anons?
l liked this one.
I'm on two different meds to not have a seizure in my sleep. Wouldn't want antidepressants as I don't wish for any more of them.
Nah, it's not over if you're like that at 21.
For reference, mine is >>72982719
I actually did pretty good on this one
are you sure?
Bingo. Did I do good anons?
i wonder what im doing wrong
How did I do? Is this original enough?
Done, even used the same color lol
Why is that on there? Cosplaying is for normies in denial who want an excuse to attention-whore.
Red is crossed off, yellow is "sort of"
Everyone in real life just kind of forgot about me.
How did I do? Oregano
living with parents is supposed to be more common than 50% of people my age, as well as being a virgin.
Now one for the slamhogs
You know what im actually not that bad thanks for the schadenfreude OP
origmadaw
not everyone is so obsessed with sex you know
cope
I'm not too ugly but im bellow average
High loner here
well atleast i can say im not a virgin for whatever thats worth
first row from left to right and the middle row top to bottom. 
t. 33
Does physical contact include stuff like hand shakes?
I wouldn't say so myself no. I think the bingo means physical contact in an affectionate kind of way, like hugging, hand holding, kissing etc.
Damn, this is the first one of these where I've gotten a bingo.
i know that feel absolutely horrible
It's worse than it may seem.
Yes, me being a virgin has more to do with me not socializing enough rather than me being ugly. Also I'm too shy to put myself on a dating app which is how most people meet nowadays.
You can be not ugly and still not have any luck on dating apps.
T. Got 80 matches dozens of back and forth 0 dates.
sorry bro guess chad was just the better option 100% of the time lmfao.
Its literally just not having texting game, if you aren't something they want over chat theyll flirt but you will never meet.
chilling, turning 19 soon and will cross out more
I have to kill myself
Cumulatively, I'm a 3x loser. I like your bingo card OP. High effort post.
Filling this out because I like filling out charts, not because I agree these things make you a loser
hehe, not a loser after all :^)))
Still not a loser according to this bingo, lmao.
Must losermaxx
i think i'm going to make it lads
all three my good anon. all three..
I prefer this board a bit more, it's a good board, regardless I uhh... didn't perform that well
I'm surprised to see how many fellow robots also don't know how to drive. It's really societally crippling (at least in the United States). It really hindered my job search since it severely limited where and when I could work due to my local public transit not operating overnight or on the weekends. My chances of ever having a girlfriend are really low anyway, but not having a car makes it even lower. I've been thinking about biting the bullet recently and trying to figure out how to drive, but not only is having a car expensive, driving itself seems extremely difficult. I really don't get how so many people in the world can successfully maneuver these 4,000-pound machines in small areas on a regular basis. And it's not like most things where one can just try again after failing. If one makes an honest mistake, he's on the hook for thousands of dollars in damages and can potentially be sent to prison.
I disagree with not reading books and consistently being high making one a loser. I feel like a nerd for reading books, and nearly every drug addict I've ever met seems like the type of guy to regularly have sex.
Possible coping? Alot of guys have a really hard time admitting they are ugly it's kind of a final hurdle. I would also consider being very short/balding as "ugly" or certainly unattractive which is the same shit and if you think thats wrong you are totally coping
That being said i'm apparently not a loser lmao so what do I know
Girls would have made it explicitly clear to you that they want you to penetrate them if you weren't ugly. Remember: bottom 99% of men are ugly by definition because women don't throw themselves at us like you do to them. 
oh you sweet summer child
I agree drug use is for sexhaver normalfags most of the time and you need to be somewhat """tough""" and even kinda social or streetwise to partake in drug culture so you can't be a total beta manlet bitch though technically you are a loser by society standards (like anyone here is doing much better) so by robot definitions drug use doesn't make you a loser just because some bots are pothead fgts
And yeah book reading is a retarded one as if the typical Chad or even normie reads anything not on their Iphone lmao
huh pretty decent i guess
5 years ago I would have filled in most of these squares. Still almost zero success with women though. And some of my old habits will never die like my doom metal obsession.
