My "best friend" is an emotional parasite who can't find a job and calls me up to whine about it and I don't like the relationship and I wish I had no friends. I'd love to ditch him but this guy has literally launched revenge campaigns against people who snubbed him. I feel like a prisoner.
chris should be bullied to suicide for being so selfish and perverted. what a fucking nutcase, throws away his happy marriage to peruse his sexual fetish. being a tranny is like being dressed as a gimp 24/7. its the same disgusting sexual deviancy but worn all day all night, its like a long-lasting edge.
Can you slowly phase him out of your life somehow?
He should have know it would cause a major controversy to what is essentially YTs biggest name
Google "mrbeast chris wife".
Clownworld compilation.
What will PunishedBeast do?
Women detected
Why do we hate Mr.beast again?
Ftfy.
Just as a matter of principle. King of the zoomers, epitome of a man who produces nothing of value yet rolls in cash.
Thats literally every religious institution? They bait you into giving them money promising they will use it for a good cause while only donating a portion of it. Beast does the same but provides entertainment value if that's your thing. Retards are going to watch and fund meaningless trash on YouTube anyways so is it not better that some of that money is used for altruistic reasons? Mr.Beast is net good.
He is the literal antichrist and will make rivers flow red with the blood of white children
I know you are baiting but rattling schizos is also a good reason to support Mr.Beast.
I'm honestly curious about how this Beast saga will end. You're not wrong, there are many, many people who do what he does in their own ways. But he still represents a modern religion, a man who takes the energy of others and funnels it towards his own ends. I can't deny that he promotes pro-social causes; but what, ultimately, his life will amount to, is beyond my capability to guess. All I know is that these kinds of people are a hop and a skip away from being full-blown parasites.
Unending boomillenial butthurt towards anything that makes them feel out of touch
Mr. beast drops him
YOU'RE JUST TRANSPHOBIC CANCEL HIM!!!
Bet you wish you could buy Chris's sanity back huh
beast is based idc what anyone says
So, what video is this exactly from? Now I'm curious.
You need to start praying.
I dont like Jewish fairy tales.
