anyone else /tiredofliving,scaredofdying/ here?
don't care about life, don't care about death
don't not care about life
don't not care about death
don't care about not life, don't care about not death
I sit in the middle
No I am tired of living with my parents delaying my life from feeling meaningful. But the economy is to blame for that
So I will do drugs and have sex with girls
Boo fucking hoo that's everyone. You know a more suitable place for this question? Reddit and it's millions of subs dedicated people bitching about life but not having the balls to pull the trigger. Kys
Not scared of dying, I just owe it to my parents to stay alive at least until they're dead. I don't want to see them sad.
Once they kick the bucket though, don't count on me staying around for much longer
I hear this sentiment echoed all through my age group of 30+ I wonder in how many years will we see the stats skyrocket when boomers tail off
only real ones know this is a negative xp reference
That'll be interesting to watch, Im only 24 so I'll still be around to see your generation start it off I guess. I'll be waiting here for a while, unfortunately
Thats just a pussy cope. After their parents die then there will be their wives,brothers,sisters,dogs, imaginary friends or funko pops. Most people don't have it in them to blow their brains out but they still want to bitch for attention. Mentall illness dick measuring caps at muh suicide.
turn your ass around and don't come back here
you dont need to direct this energy at me, it can go infinite directions but that is besides the point.
Death is another journey, maybe, or total nothing but I can barely understand that and I am probably not that lucky anyways. This ride never ends
Funko pops are for children. I prefer the gym and drugs
Dumb redditor bitches. I might take you seriously if you throw yourselves of a 10 story building. You are just making excuses while attention whoring till then.
Im sure for some of them its an excuse, but there are many more for whom it is a reality. Also, the type of person who has a wife and still cares about her enough for it to matter would not be suicidal in the first place
I can tell you havent spent a lot of time thinking about this
Wtf is wrong with you niggas
I don't think he spends a lot of time thinking at all.
imagine falling for this stupid shit.Anyone who wants to actually anhero will not be giving reasons why he wants to live and bitching about life at the same time. Bitching for attention is a cry of help and implies the person carries some hope in their hearts.
Walk the walk
You have not been around long enough to understand. Don't speak on things you're inexperienced in, child.
do you have one of those life is happy tshirts? You would make a great junior high counselor
I found a pic of anon, u guise!
You are so grown up for crying like a bitch.
Better than being a pussy sob.
Follow this rule
Cope for imbeciles you won't do shit
I get more pussy than you my child
All that "pussy" and you still bitch like a dumb whore. Are you sure we are talking about same "pussy" here?
Pathetic samefag. Back to your low-level blue collar job with you. Chop chop!
imagine being you, trying to convince someone who is older and wiser that life has some intrinsic value. and still getting no pussy
Damn
Projecting vermin 
I hope you will not cry yourself to sleep today grandpa.
I am not even sad ? That is the best part you cant tell we are laughing at you, not with you
Ok Gramps. Now take those happy pills Mr.Noseberg prescribed to you so you don't be "suicidal".
Dumb AND esl, really the perfect combination.
And a /pol/tard too? Ding ding ding, we got a triple!
Why would I be afraid of death when I have pounds of shrooms and alcohol?!?!?!
Be honest with me. How hard was it to type all that while crying and sniffing?
Be honest with me. How brown are the hands that typed this?
Very very brown if I had to imagine
Lucky for you, you don't have to imagine. They're right in front of you, attached to your arms! Now aint that something
Lol what cope
Lol you should rope
But that's literally you said wanted to do kek
Nah, I'm more like tired of living and too lazy to die by myself.
I'll die sooner or later, why move to do it? I'm not in a rush.
FPBP
Please, ESL-kun. At least TRY, that's all I ask of you.
Don't hurt yourself too hard tonight.
I said try harder.
