What happened to young white men to end up like that in 2023?
I swear this type of behavior didn't exist, not to this extent, not to this degree of popularity before!
The internet oreganoli
damn that is hot. sad they are also chad only or femboy only
thought he was taking a massive disgusting shit for a sec.
putrid
im brown and im more faggy and troony than this
Imagine having taste this fucking bad. 
it is OVER
These are the 'men' who post here on the daily telling you to act more masculine.
LMAO
any proof? :p
fags just like foreskin because its facilitates anal
just shower daily and wash the knob, that stops the putridity
not every man is like the men on /r9k/, anon
just like not every woman goes days between showers, either
sure
but ive never taking any oversized monster dildos up my ass..
how the fuck is that possible...
chad only is law
god i wish your ass was fatter
I like foreskin cause its lickable
delicious. I am not as cute but I am on hrt :p not for super long though. would breed.
God i wish
Why do these faggots always have the most supple looking skin
hrt does that. or skin care
i will never be able to fuck you therefore i hope a piano falls on you as you walk down the street and crushes your spine
All white 'men' should troon out.
If you do we will accept you in Korea.
We will breed you into submission and feed you. Keep you warm in a house. Treat you special.
In return you must clean my house and service me at all times.
even though i find the suggestion that my ass isnt fat offensive i must say i agree..
It's actually scary. It's like 90% of white boys born after 2000 are going through this "phase"...
Gawwww dAYUM bOY
Is it bad that I find this hot?
are you on hrt or just have a good skincare routine? Also what type of person are you looking for
no no
and i just want sex
top or bottom? I assume bottom. And damn those are impressive genetics
cute but would be better with a big fat cock not a baby one
is this shooped at all? dudes unironically very hot if not. i'm straight and i would.
Unhinged judaism
Mutt
Paranoia wondering if this is because of what I posted to /b/ a while ago in a dubs thread
It is a bit disturbing how much more common it is, but there is a lot more "false positive" type shit going on that nobody is allowed to talk about.
There is what amounts to a kind Drake Equation for what is really going on and it is some real Socratic method type shit you have to go into that is
What is the non-st8 percentage of the pop?
All just to say the meme
What is the biological male portion of that percentage?
All just to say the meme
Of this extreme minority how many also have no problem taking naked pictures of themselves and posting them on the internet?
All just to say the meme
How many are actually engaging in sex compared to how many are more or less just masturbating despite the existence of shit like grindr and the alphabet community's notoriety for promiscuity?
All just to say the meme
Because the facts are that No, a lot if not most of them are not actually gay.
The extra bit you're not supposed to bring up is the preference they'd have if they were down to get fucked.
They would most often not want a manly man any more than the dipshits who thing that they would.
9/10 times they would want to fuck and get fucked by another Trap!
Potentially a whole hell of a lot easier to find than gay guy who works out a lot who would want to fuck something feminine.
Gay guy who works out a lot would also like to fuck gay guy who works out a lot.
And then the rest who show any kind of interest are mostly fat middle aged porn addicts who many times are also not really gay when push comes to shove and will engage in a dumb weird game of gay chicken because all they really wanted was gay RP cybersex.
mindbroken mutilated coping amerigoygolem lmao
