It's not just about dating guys. Forget about any kind of dates or girlfriends, you will just make yourself miserable. 
We just have to accept that we will always take a backseat to guys who are 6' and taller. You will see it in the workplace, in the family and friend groups, in life everywhere.
I have been so much happier since I accepted it. I'm 5'8" for reference.
I plan on dropping out of society 
I am 5 ft 8
Im 5'6. That means 95% of women find me too short to ever even give me a chance, let alone be attracted to me. The remaining 5% that could possibly find me attractive could just get with a Chad anyway. Theres no hope for short men.
I have had multiple women be panting-like-a-dog, slobberingly horny for me and I still can't believe any woman is attracted to me because I'm short. All it took was one woman I was deeply in love with to flat-out tell me it was because I was short to shatter my confidence.
I legitimately never even noticed how short I was prior to that. I hsd just always been that way. It's default. You don't notice default. Now I see it everywhere.
I can't help the feeling that any woman who claims to like me is settling somehow. Like, even if she sincerely liked me, it's not like she isn't disappointed with my height and wouldn't prefer if I were taller.
And liking me anyway doesn't really cut it the way just straight-up liking me would. It's something ugly to be tolerated or forgiven.
I just can no longer believe my body is anything attractive or likeable. At best I can get a disappointed "anyway" and I don't think I'll ever be able to believe I'm desired.
I'm 6'2 decent face(so i have been told), never gotten laid. 5'6 manlet i know gets laid on the daily cause he's got confidence. Confidence is what sets you apart, it is everything.
I plan on adding 6 inches to my height via leg lengthening surgery. I am 5ft8. I will not compromise on getting what I want from the dating market, and no amount of demoralization or obstacles will stop me.
Is not that bad, damn.
LOL bro u made me lol. please be more chill 5 ft 8 is normal maybe get a hobby idk
no you aren't, no you don't, no he doesn't. stop spamming this same nonsense. you are a simp or a woman antiblackpiller.
The evidence on it is clear and not up for discussion. All avenues of evidence that exist show that short height in men is more potent than any effects of upbringing, IQ, race, etc. combined in terms of life outcomes because women and employers hate you.
shutup dishonest retard turdwhore
If you're legitimately 6-foot-plus and have never gotten any action then you are squandering a gift.
You have no idea what sort of immediate respect and attention you command upon walking into a room. Honestly, you don't even need a decent face. You could look goofy or straight-up ugly and being over six feet immediately and completely trumps that.
Maybe you are just bitter and angry.
Kek no. You need to be chad and 6ft4.
t.6ft2 never got any success or anything
maybe you are a lying dishonest fetid festering herpes sore
Bro, he's trolling. See:
That response was so over-the-top it is obvious at this point.
You can just get jacket and become a fitness influencer. Anglefraud hard, post vids with only you in them. You won't even need to take a lot of steroids.
because women and employers hate you.
Idk this sounds like an upside to me, you filter bad fake people in your life!
just accept being treated like lesser
Fuck women and fuck this
all women and employers are like this. its built in biologically. no such thing as a small group of "bad people" This is how good people behave.
..Good people? Are you insane? It is not good to hate someone just because of their height. that's bad people behavior.
It has nothing to do with biology.
It seems that I was correct, you are a bitter and negative person, with a twisted mind
If you're legitimately 6-foot-plus and have never gotten any action then you are squandering a gift.
I'm 6'2 with a 7/10 face (according to /soc/ several months ago), and I've legit never had any female be remotely interested in me. Probably because I also weigh under 125lbs, but still.
