This is what that cute trad girl thinks of you
Update on: >>72976515 →
All women are whores. 
ALL WOMEN ARE WHORES
how many fucking times does this shit need to happen before you get it?
all women have the same attraction triggers: tall and handsome.
his values are irrelevant. his behavior is irrelevant. his personality and status are irrelevant.
that's why he is still single at 40. he could be the most amazing man alive, it doesn't matter for genuine romantic love. tall and handsome is the only thing that can inspire genuine romantic love in a woman.
her "values" dont influence her decision making. she will choose tall handsome irreligious abusechad criminal pedophile over this guy in a heartbeat.
Trad women are fucking boring and cringe. Christianity is fucking boring and cringe.
I just want a woman with a normal non-retarded brain, but those don't exist.
There was this girl who I used to talk to from r9k who told me that being personable, funny and a good provider is a lot more important than a man's looks and that ugly guys can find love. Do you guys think girls actually believe this deep down or at least some experience attraction differently?
This chick is basically describing how men settle down but it's from the female POV
Most men who settle down are barely attracted or not attracted at all to the women they marry
They just want the pussy
Lies pour out from a woman's mouth like excess chadcum
no, she was conflating relationships with love to avoid admitting the blackpill because women dont like feeling bad. 
if you haven't noticed, they will pretend their sexual arousal is a moral indicator. that's why pedochad abusers are just "misunderstood good men" and holy amazing men who are ugly are considered worthless.
women do not experience romantic love to ugly/short guys. they might use them for "relationships" where money/status (like starting a family when they realize chad wont give them one) etc are involved.
But you will never be romantically loved by a woman.
Your personality (personable, funny, provider, etc.) is completely irrelevant in attraction. Interest is not attraction.
Do you guys think girls actually believe this deep down or at least some experience attraction differently?
They have no concept of "lying". They say whatever their audience wants to hear. You can't believe anything from them.
no, interest is not attraction. relationships are not romantic love, especially older relationships. 
do her eyes light up on first seeing you before you talk? does she obsessively touch you, follow you around the first time you meet? no? then you're unloveable to women.
They most likely do believe it but to varying degrees. To a certain extent looks don't matter as much. But looks 100% get your foot in to door, having an actual personality is what seals the deal. Looks get really fucking old when the person you're trying g to date has the personality equivalent to wet paper.
looks are 100% of attraction. you are conflating interest, attraction, and relationships. 
personality has been found by all avenues of evidence to be irrelevant to women in attraction. simple as. there is no room for discussion on this fact.
looks are the determinant of womens long term happiness with men, all the evidence demonstrates this. also no room for discussion on this fact.
simple as.
I am proof that looks are not 100%. Good looking by all accounts, but no bitches. The reason? I'm autistic and can't read and respond to social signals properly. That is simply a red flag to any woman who might be initially attracted to me
It's ogre bros. We need to LLmaxx, surgerymaxx and geomaxx or learn to be happy alone. I personally cba to keep on maxxing so I'm just going to cope with Pygmalion AI and hoarding money from my wagebux till I'm old and grey
being personable, funny and a good provider
That's the thing, the halo effect is real. A chiseled tall chad making 50k is much more likely to be a "good provider" than the beta making 80k. He's also much more likely to be "personable and funny", because every shitty joke he cracks will make them laugh.
and hoarding money from my wagebux till I'm old and grey
That's pretty much what I'm doing too.
her "values" dont influence her decision making. she will choose tall handsome irreligious abusechad criminal pedophile over this guy in a heartbeat.
Sounds bout right
Nope, but what is true is a lot of women aren't complete horndogs like men are. So they might not notice they are physically attracted to a guy until he displays his personality a bit.
you're not good looking retard. by definition if you are good looking women will straight up molest you and harass you. 
your ideas arent a magic wand that poofs good lookingness into existence, retard. you're not good looking unless women treat you like you're good looking.
Yeah because interest and attraction are both incredibly important. I won't lie and say looks never matter but to say they're all that matters in the long run is just wrong. Interest and attraction are so closely tied together you need both to make a relationship work. You can cope and say it's only about looks ever but that's all you're doing, coping.
they all want chad lmao its the same no matter what
you're simply not ugly, you aren't attractive, because attractive autists get pussy
anon if you were hot women would be actively pursuing you hate to break it to you
if you believe this you're retarded
no interest and attraction are non-overlapping things. completely separate and unrelated.
attraction is instantaneous. its when she sees his height and face for the first time and her eyes light up and she feels butterflies and is aroused. that is what attraction is.
interest is cold and calculated. its when she sees his behavior over time, his income and career, his education, his values and family background, etc. and makes deliberate calculated cold life decisions based on it.
you can cope seethe mald dilate and sour grapes as much as you want, but you need to touch grass. simple as.
no, this is nonsense. you are conflating attraction (looks based, leads to romantic love) with interest (non-looks based, leads to platonic or familial love).
Can confirm.
I'm tall and handsome and I'm getting so many girls that don't even like my personality. Currently side-banging a girl 12 years younger than me that doesn't like a single thing about me; I'm simply tall and handsome.
mid 30's-mid 40's.
You're both leftovers at that point just grab the man or die alone your choice.
I believe she will live with you, more or less covertly cheat on you and pretend to your face that is 'love' while dripping someone elses cum out of her cunt 
And better not lose the job or the fake smile, betabuxx. Otherwise it is divorce court and common law marriage for you.
Tall and attractive are worthless to women unless they are accompanied by extremely antisocial. I see it constantly. I'm tall and attractive but get nothing. Meanwhile literal 5'10 midgets and shorter get endless pussy because unlike me they are extremely antisocial.
nope. if you're not getting attention from women you're not tall and attractive. simple as. 
its not a discussion, just a statement of facts. behavior does not impact attraction.
I get attention, it just never goes beyond a first or second date. Like OK, sorry I haven't killed anyone or raped children or sold drugs. Guess I'll just die alone then. I'm physically and spiritually incapable or being antisocial. It's not exactly something you can fake either. Women are driven entirely by instinct and will accept nothing less than true, natural, raw, instinctual evil when looking for men. I truly wish I had committed horrible crimes sometimes because I'm so lonely. But lock 1000 children and nuns in cage, drench them in gasoline, hand me a zippo, and have a qt virgin Christian redhead watching. Even in a silver platter situation like that I'd still have a very hard time igniting it and killing the ones in the cage. I've done all the based Chad incelmaxxing redpill blackpill, clear pill, pillpill, and lookism shit. Got fillers for chin and jaw, abused steroids and performance enhancing drugs, literally a multimillonaire(crypto but it's still numbers), but I still don't have a beautiful wife. And I have tried. Asking in person. Discord. Tinder. Even bumble, plenty of fish, Oklahoma cupid, and farmersonly.com. If you are a good person, a real human, not antisocial cranked up to eleven rapist satanist terrorist, women will flat out ignore and ghost you to instead fuck the short guy selling fentanyl mixed with baking soda as molly.
LLmaxx
Haven't heard this one before, what does it mean?
Leg lengthening surgery 
Sneed
its so funny reading this shit and being in a 3 year relationship as a 5'7 ugly guy lmao
by definition if you are good looking women will straight up molest you and harass you.
I always wondered what nonstop harem animes does to a teenage brain
im totes fine with him fucking another woman
She only says this because she knows he can't get another woman, she'd do a 360 and start begging for his catholic chode the second hes in a new one. All whores are like this.
I truly wish I had committed horrible crimes sometimes because I'm so lonely
This is scrotal cope holy kek. You clearly want to do it and think about it all the time but are just too much of a little bitch complainer.
All moids are evil, your just a coward. So I will take the evil yet honest and brave moids instead thanks.
3 year relationship
lmao imagine being a cuckold simp. casual sex is for attractive men. have fun simping retard cuckold bitch pussy loser.
Anon's, don't reply to the attention seeking whore above. She feeds of (You)'s and depriving her of them will hopefully result in her suicide.
Oh wow, look, a room full of literal children and misanthropes giving each other advice. I'm sure no wrong conclusions could be being made here.
Picrel is the most obvious problem here
Please go allow yourself to have normal platonic relationships with some women and see if anything changes after you start actually viewing them as people.
Because y'know, every woman would feel so fucking lucky to have a life partner who actively hated them and everyone like them.
literal 5'10 midgets
casual sex is for attractive men
Stop telling on yourself my son. That shit made me feel gross and alone. Maybe generalize less in general.
imagine being a cuckold simp
Sir I've taken multiple women's virginities with enthusiastic consent, and I'm here to tell you that, when you use "cuck" twice in one post and talk like a cartoon bully from a 90's show, you very much make yourself look like the loser in the situation.
I'm not even the guy you were replying to, but I would love to interrogate this outlook you have. What exactly are you saying here? 
"Relationships are cucked because their partner has usually fucked someone before them?"
Is that it? Or do you just hate seeing people be kind to women in general?
tfw no mandilla gf
When I was at my peak in terms of looks, I used to be able to go to bars and attractive women I didn't know would literally walk up to me and grab my crotch.
And then you woke up. Origami
lmao
Yeah, and it gets weird too. I have a friend who looks decent, lifts, and is black. Drunk older white women would get weird at his parent's parties and one literally did grab his crotch and ask if the rumors were true. 
Punchline is, they really weren't.
trad girls, like all women, want to have the cake and eat it too. they will never submit to you, never obey you, they won't give you more than 2 kids, being trad just means they get to be lazy and not work.
Same, good luck yo
mid 30s and mid 40s
not physically attracted to him
Nigga you both practically dead. Wtf was she expecting?
I live in amongst hyper religious people and they will not even pretend to believe that you aren't ugly.Infact the religious ones have become even more stuck up and entitled because they think they are so much better non-religious sluts. Kek how everytime I go on a MAGA women's page the fantasy always involve an Aryan ubermensch cooking steaks or doing plumbing not so scrawny giga religious nerd.
They're really, really not. They're both intrinsically tied together. One can lead to the other and vice versa. They can fuel each other just as easily as they can kill the feeling entirely. There's a reason why a common piece of advice is to find new hobbies or to go to concerts/social events if you want to find a partner. It's not just because it puts you around more people, it's so you can be seen in an environment where you don't live and die 100% by looks. Seems like you could benefit from going out more too.
i think they genuinely believe that to be the case. many women will have a guy that will go out of his way to help her with all of her troubles, just being a great, moral guy. they'll love him for this, but they forget that the reason they got with him in the first place was nothing but looks (100% looks, not even 1% personality). so they get offended when their fiery love for his character/soul/ whatever is reduced by some incel to be shallow. it's half true. either way, no woman's dating you if you don't have the right bones, so who cares about anything else i've written/
I've done all the based Chad incelmaxxing redpill blackpill, clear pill, pillpill, and lookism shit. Got fillers for chin and jaw, abused steroids and performance enhancing drugs,
Very dumb. All shit is weeds out men from the dating pool.
literally a multimillonaire(crypto but it's still numbers),
Good start. Get hobbies and do interesting things.
 I have tried. Asking in person. Discord. Tinder. Even bumble, plenty of fish, Oklahoma cupid, and farmersonly.com.
Chasing women like a faggot is bad. If you're a multimillionaire liquid, that puts you in a very small amount of people. You should be able to stand out and have something interesting about yourself. 
 If you are a good person, a real human, not antisocial cranked up to eleven rapist satanist terrorist, women will flat out ignore and ghost you to instead fuck the short guy selling fentanyl mixed with baking soda as molly.
Women can tell you're a pussy.
who hurt you anon
let's talk about it
Tall and attractive are worthless to women unless they are accompanied by extremely antisocial. I see it constantly. I'm tall and attractive but get nothing.
I have had women give men their numbers and ask me out or even approach me at parties. A few times the mothers of women presented their 21 year old daughters to me. 
If you're tall and attractive you shouldn't be worrying about asking women out.
I literally work with a male model and girls are too nervous to even approach him. 
Has anyone actually been around women on this board? Like, more than two seconds?
I literally work with a male model and girls are too nervous to even approach him.
I believe it. 
Reality and what people think online are two different things.
T. Bouncer
the only thing you bounce is your faggot father's ass on your cock
awwww incel cant take a widdle dose of weality awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
seethe harder as daddy bounces on your cock thats it thats it
awwwww widdle incel never held hands what acutie patootie
daddy moans and groans as his big bouncy boy bouncers him
awwwwwwwww look at him hes so cuute all the goils never paid attention to him awwww hes so mad at the world &lt;3
daddy bouncy daddy bouncy big strong bouncer man daddy bouncy
awww widdle poopie doopie incel is mindbroken from going outside
daddy bouncy yes yes bouncer man daddy bouncy
I'm short and handsome and get more girls than you lanklets ever will.
awwww its okay baby boo one day youll find someone no more tears shhhhh ull get a hug one day &lt;3
daddy bouncy daddy bouncy big bouncer son's cock daddy so proud bouncy bouncy
nope, you don't, simple as.
awwwwww widdle baby never got kissed awww
daddy kissy while he bouncy kissy kissy his big bouncer boy
None of that is necessary, just wait for AI robot waifus
awwww widdle baby never got texted by a goil awwwwwww and all his friendly wendlies got one too but he stayed insideeee awwww
daddy will text you while he bouncy text so proud of big bouncer boy bouncy bouncy
awwwwwwwww hes running out of things to say what a dinky winky lets see some other milestones widdle incel didnt get. did u ever go on a date widdle incel poopie doop &lt;3
daddy will run out of things with his big bouncy bouncer boy bouncy boucny
awwwww widdle incel never went on a date okay next one did the widdle incel ever get a hug
daddy will go on a date with his big strong bouncer boy bouncy bouncy
awwww no hugs either what a shame okay next one did the widdle incel even get a glance from a goily woily &lt;3
daddy will hug you while he bounces bouncy bouncy
You guys are gay faggots. Go back to the gay thread
awwww no glances either awwwwww he missed out on all his childhood milestones what a poor widdle babyyyyyyy
daddy will glance into his big bouncer boys eyes while he bounces bouncy bouncy
awwww its another widdle incel shall we count the widdle incels missed milestwones poor widdle babbyyyyy
awwww widdle incel never introduced a goily woily to his parents awwwwwwwwwwww
daddy will introduce his big strong bouncer boy while he bounces bouncy boucny
awwwww he never ever ever got a female fwend awww its so eazy and all the other kids could do it too but the widdle incel just couldnt do it awwwwwwwwwwww
daddy will be his big strong bouncer boys female fwend as he bounces bouncy bouncy
awww widdle incel saw all the other boys getting goily woilies but he stayed inside all day awwwwwww
daddy will see all the other boys while he bounces on his big strong bouncer boy bouncy bouncy
I also made a shit ton from crypto and women dont give a shit, theyd rather fuck a homeless chad. I've seen them pay for apartments and let chad live there for free, pay his expenses and loans and stuff too.
Im still fat so hopefully getting lean will change my outlook, maybe getting jaw surgery and using roids will too.
But how are you not succeeding? Only first or second dates? And I assume no sex? Maybe you're aiming too high idk, or your location is shitty, too many trashy women.
girl from r9k gaslit me
let me guess she asked for money afterwards or ghosted you?
if you're getting zero pussy and you're tall you must be ugly as fuck dude
again, you're vastly overestimating your looks if you keep getting ghosted and never getting sex, and you seem like an angry retard maybe your uncontrolled autism is scaring them off
Neither. She was quite nice and funny actually
If God exists then why did he make women only attracted to chads while giving men sexual and romantic desire? Seems unfair to me
reddit screencap
go back, no one cares nigger
that doesn't seem fair as all people are shallow and want to be around those that are aesthetically pleasing, not only women. sure, they care a lot about looks but you could say the same for men that they care a lot for a curvy body and pretty face in women.
There are morbidly obese women with 10000s of men begging them for a date. https://youtu.be/dKmvvBelNcw [Embed]
It could be worse.
Even though I'm not handsome at all, I won't break any mirror and I'm fit. I'm not a Chad at all, but I've got some looks from girls at the beach, and it happened with coworkers as well. I've got a silver tongue and I'm knowledgeable on many topics so I can carry a conversation without any problem. At first glance you may thing that I could be a good book with an average cover, but that's not the case.
I simply cannot connect with people and I have zero empathy and, for the most part, zero interest in what they have to say.
Last time a girl from work asked me to go have a beer I dreaded the whole thing and I just wanted it to end so I could go home to read a book and listen to music.
Yeah, I got fit and worked on my hobbies, yet I cannot change my chore as a person. So I don't feel bad about not having a gf or meaningful relationships, I feel close to bad for not giving a fuck about them.
Those are the most important characteristics of qualified applicants. You must qualify first. You qualify by being tall and handsome. They genuinely believe these things because the unqualified are entirely invisible and outside of consideration. They do not exist in their mental data set, so they are brought up.
nope, you are trying to equivocate between men and women by suggesting we forget degrees and discrepancies. It is inherently dishonest to do this.
The only way to distinguish between two things in the same category ("people are shallow") is to be specific and measure by degrees, all else is dishonest and nihilistic. 
Any individual man finds 80% of women loveable and attractive, and its a different set of women for each man.
Any individual woman finds 20% of men loveable and attractive, and its the same set of men for each woman.
you're autistic as fuck retard attraction isn't like your jrpgs
seethe mald cope dilate touch grass. simple as
Simps should be designated its own gender so that people with some shred of self respect don't have to be lumped in the same categories with literal subhuman bottomfeeding shiteaters.
you're literally autistic and think in systems-level thinking because you don't have EQ cope over that before you tell anyone else to cope faggot
Christcucks are not remotely trad in the slightest lmao
