Hey atleast you arent a female
GOOD.
Lives saved by those lives being lost.
Saved from having to suffer being raised by an incompetent parent.
And the children they would have birthed in the future also saved from the same fate.
Considering how much genetic scum already exists on this planet, you really think banning abortion is a good idea?
Think about the kinds of people who get a lot of abortions, and ask yourself if you want more of those genes spreading around.
both are equally bad in my opinion. men get brainwashed into one war and women get brainwashed into a different one
Ah, abortion. Quite possibly the most legendary topic. Consider its attributes:
If yous are your thing, abortion is definitely the way to go.
If suffering is so bad why not euthanize orphans as well? Why not euthanize poor people? Why not euthanize people with mild head aches?
First off, it not only saves the aborted from suffering. It also saves society from suffering living with those badly raised individuals, like >>72983737 implies. And it saves the would-be-parents from suffering having to raise them.
Secondly, we don't euthanize orphans because of the protective instinct as a society that's built into our animal biology ("not the KIDDSSSS! noooo!"). This includes how we see ourselves in them and see them crying and see them being cute....those things pull on our heart strings, preventing destructive actions towards them.
We also don't euthanize them as part of a social contract. Underneath the fabric of society and within every person is the idea of "if we can kill them...what's to stop them from killing me?? what's the cutoff???". This also is related to what stops us from murdering each other (and specifically stops us from euthanizing poor people).
This "social contract" is less likely to apply to fetuses because we don't see them as "human" and alive yet. We don't see them as conscious beings who have reason and have memories and have the mental capacity to conceive of the idea of death (don't confuse that with animalistic, primal fear of death). Many people see them as no more alive than a thick, white wad of ejaculate.
Do you think your load of cum is alive? Now some dumbasses may think that. And think we should protect all sperm. "Sperm lives matter!" "Sperm's body, sperm's choice!" People have a different cutoff points for when that "social contract" I mentioned starts to kick in. For some it's when they feel a kick in the belly, some when it's outside the pussy, and some (probably like you) for as soon as the sperm meets the egg. And some of those people are influenced by religion and scriptures for that view.
Not reading all that. You can go fuck yourself desu
pretty much, but I think war can do a lot of good for society.
liberals are even going as far as to sterilize their children to epically own the right.
lmao where'd you get those numbers from
I did so several times today already if jerking off counts.
Released multiple loads of cum, snuffing out millions upon millions of potential life.
Oh the humanity. Those poor children.
Also, you're too low IQ to understand what I wrote anyway.
Dont care didnt ask plus you are a genetic dead end anyways
Pics or it didnt happen.
I dont believe you.
i believe everything you just said to be mildly correct.
however, i hate everyone and if i am to suffer the gift of life then they should to
oh, I didn't think that sentence would end that way.
thought you'd say "I hate everyone and wish them all death".
some of those that don't end up aborted may actually end up leading lives of long-term happiness, actually, anon.
