So you guys are really just looking for a normie gf... okay... that's good to know.
Being on 4chan I thought you'd be looking for less common women but aside from a few anons this is totally not true.
I'll give attention to any woman that shows her tits, fembot.
I knew I forgot to write something. Before this thread gets 50+ replies debating on whether or not I'm a femanon, no I'm not. So give me the usual 3 to 5 answers and then let's head to page 10, I guess.
I'm not looking for a normal fem. I guess I'm just looking for someone who accepts me, and after years of uni and hs has made me realise that what I want is most likely abnormal as I am abnormal. If you love me, I really don't mind who you are.
I'm looking for a racist gay chud bf. Too bad faggots like me will burn in hell without love because I like romance
I'm not looking for anyone on this retarded ass site, last person I added here to talk about computer science wanted to read a CS book together and then ghosted me when I read through it. Well, still got something out of it but fuck him.
I'm looking for a racist gay chud bf
It shouldn't be that hard to find one.
Too bad faggots like me will burn in hell without love because I like romance
Yeah the romance part makes it complicated. Have you ever tried to meet someone from here?
I'm not looking for anyone on this retarded ass site
Most people I've read here are looking for a normal gf/bf in their normal life. 
Yeah that sucks. Anons from here will ghost you. They could just send a message letting you know this isn't what they were looking for but no. Letting other people rot in hope seems to be their joy in life.
All the subhuman normalfags on this site don't speak for all of us. I don't want any sort of gf and never will.
Nah, bro...
What we really want is some 300lbs unmedicated bipolar chick who has fucked 80 dudes somehow and likes to torture cats.
not even shaming you for your standards (i'm so broken at this point that i just don't care), just letting you know why you're seeing these problems
Most people I've read here are looking for a normal gf/bf in their normal life.
I feel like most people aren't actually looking for anyone on here because nobody on here will meet you. Personally I'm already with someone (dated the weird bug girl in highschool and yea we've been together since then).
It's just annoying because every single person in my life is too fucking dumb to talk about my interests with me. My only friend in the department is dropping.
It's actually hilarious to me how much guys here think a girl that plays JRGS is not a normie.
JRPGs you mean?
I feel like most people aren't actually looking for anyone on here because nobody on here will meet you
You have to be lucky to start something with someone from here.
Forums were great to find people back then. I don't know if that's still the case nowadays.
Yeah. But so many guys here talk about it like a girl that plays those types of video games is a special unicorn, it's sad.
That's one of the things most confusing about this board to me. 90% of the people here would for sure hate the normie girlfriend experience. We're all deviants on some level, you're only going to be happy with someone on level with you.
