pushed away the girl I tried to edate 
kek im back here again, r9k
I was right to never like someone, oh how I should have listened to my brain
Right person wrong time
But I was the wrong person
Love dies, friendship lasts
You were right, I shouldn't have tried
I need to be a machine I need to unmake myself I need to kill these feelings so I never feel this way again
Happiness only leads to pain
Distant but clingy
Obsessive but avoidant
Who the fuck designed me?
nobody care 
go be gay somewhere else
Are you the tard dating the Bocchitranny?
Truth be told, I don't care
I killed you in my heart already
No this is my safe space, my hometown, my comfort and my familiarity. I love you, faggot
That's not me either, I'm a different retard
I think I've experienced more emotions in a month than I will in a lifetime, I've enjoyed our time together my friend
Even if I wished us to be more, even if you liked me back, I still don't understand why you wouldn't have me
If I was first we would've lasted forever, we were so alike
I'm just sorry I've hurt you
Even if he left you wouldn't love me
Even if I left you wouldn't love him
But if I met you first we would've been together, you said so
I was just too slow
Love dies, friendship lasts
Wrong, friendship dies when love lives and love lives when the average moid can't stand solitude and marries the first used up pig slut that accepts him. Happens >90% of time. This board is a good example. I mean, (You) are a good example. imagine for a second if it had worked out, you'd have pushed your friends away instead. The biological imperative is powerful indeed, but camaraderie is best although few recognize it's potential because the modern world works against males at every possible level.
However, I commend you for choosing friendship over moist, pink, fishy smelling holes
Love triangles, slice my wrists with the edges, impale my heart with the point
We were so alike and we liked that about each other. We would've been miserable together, a perfect union of suffering, eternal damnation
She's pixels on a screen, get the fuck over it.
You were right though and I'm sorry I should've just controlled myself
I think I was right to die though
And also a sweet cute voice in my ears
We spoke once and I wished to speak many more times after that. But even though you were jealous over me and I was jealous over you, you didn't want to be together
The way your skin burned when you saw me
The way my soul suffered when I saw you
We were so similar, it would've worked
You only spoke ONCE? Anon....
I have many flaws, but you were never one of them
Well we were hanging out for hours every day on Vidya, planned to do calls and she agreed. I just let myself feel and I shouldn't have. I'm supposed to be the machine I am I was never meant to have friends, to love so I should have never tried
I'm the ugly duckling, I thought you were too.
My skin is cold hard steel, my heart should be that way too
I'm sorry I ruined what we had, but I wanted you forever and to myself forever
We would've been miserable together,
Yeah but, think about the friends you wouldn't have time for. What I'm trying to say is, almost every male at some point in life will choose hoes over bros. Even though it's better to do the opposite.
At least I knew you cared for me. But I don't understand why you wouldn't be with me
It wasn't your fault, don't blame yourself
It was me for letting you in
I enjoyed our short time together too and I shouldn't have pushed you away
I have no friends I've never had friends 
I even get jealous over friends so it's not worth it
Women are evil why can't they just decide
But again, it's my fault
I told you no one would ever liked me
But you liked me
Why wouldn't you let us die together if you liked me?
I'm not human
I'm not human
I'm not human
I'm not human
Remember, you have no heart
I have no friends I've never had friends
Hard to believe, you have a, uuuuuuuuuh, "colorful" personality judging from this thread. If true then sorry matey you really don goof'd hard kek
I knew you were annoyed by how I kept trying to run away, why would you like to me and tell me you'd force me to stay?
Why did you die first? I was supposed to die
A soulless abomination doesn't need friends
Suffer alone
I don't even think we can be friends after this, I'm sorry for ruining everything
I wanted to care for you I wish you wanted me to
Alright, don't drink too much, bud
I can't control myself I wish you were the same
I bet you hate me now
You couldn't choose so I chose for you
I'm completely sober I don't drink, I would have but my id expired. I wanted to drown
Always remember it's always your fault
Don't blame others you can only control yourself
I may be unstable but I can promise you loyalty
I thought it was cute when you got jealous over me, but why couldn't you understand I got jealous over you, too?
Why didn't you like my jealousy like I liked yours
You didn't want to lose either of us, so I made sure you lost me
I only eat to take my meds that don't do anything
im a machine
also im so emotionally unstable that i fall in love and feel my "soul suffer" after talking to someone online for a month
you have bpd. get some self awareness.
I don't have anything I have nothing and everyone hates me
get some self awareness.
I have too much self awareness I know I'm an idiot
