My wife has space cancer edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
Previous thread
*incoherent last boss noises*
Adgjkmzc
Rain, is the orange into.
cute pantsu
cuteness shall be posted in double
Must sniff her pantsu at the front while she wears it
purpel
aemthyts
I'm really liking this horror noir
very cool! love the red on black color palette
That's all the bot, I have red eyes and glowing eyes in there but no other colour mention so (I assume) the bot is abstracting the reflection from the eyes on the hair/hat/earrings, which is pretty cool I think.
Orange wetness, orange sleeping
what a moist little girl
very eerie
nice black and gold
I tried to moisten Goa but did not go as planned so now i am going full ((((())))) schizo with a selection of prompts and I believe it will look kinda neat
Pick my >>72945675  schizo prompts and remove the lewd part. It should work.
Goa got caught in the rain :((
And she looks at you like that?
And so, she prompts you with a question.
She asks a name to her. She's out of ideas on what would fit on her. 
She'd reward you if so.
I think I'll add those schizos to my already schizos and see what happens
Sometimes you have to get wet to make an omelette
And this is the result, though I think I'll need to tone down on the schizo prompts because it's getting wonky again
"Let me sniff your asssssssssssssssss"
regular schizo looks deliciosus
She seems to be having fun with whatever is going on
I am trying but I can't think of a good suggestion, best I came up with was Gorgon
Hello, AIWG. Everyone's looking great.
"Y-you too..."
nice smile
This is getting pretty neat
adding more prompts
Saeriah enjoying (some of) your schizo prompts
Is Goa okay...?
strange sexo
this is what aftersex with saeriah must look like
Yeah she's just doing a thing
Last one for the night, me sleep now gn
She's really enjoying searching for snakes in the swamp >>72981665 
Oh, I see, I see. Carry on.
Is she lewding with the eels?!?
Nighty night, very buddhist that thing going on with the stuff behind her hair
Just providing them with a few nice moist caves to explore
carrying on happens
"Come in, the liquid is fine"
Um, I think you dropped this.
I didn't use any of the lewdest prompts, because it just feels wrong to do that with her (any of the pussy/vaginal related ones),
this is still treading the line though
"It's really warm and gooey"
Goa what prompts are those?
"wet, moist, dripping, wet hair, wet clothes, wet skin, swear drop, sweat drops, droplets, glistening skin, beads of water, beads of sweat, drool, drooling, saliva, pussy juice, water, rain, liquid, slime, goo, lubricant, (((((oil))))), (((((blood))))), (((((cum))))), wet face, wet body, melting wings, melting halo, melting, dissolving, oozing, liquefying, (((((tar))))), (((((poison))))), (((((pollution))))), trash, debris, landfill, factory, chimneys, smoke, smog, industrial, rust, decay, mechanical, pipes, sewer, waste, horror"
"Thanks I... I think I can fit that one too~"
It's a very fine line
Now she needs a whole fist inserted in there as well
"That's a lot of eels...Look at her stuff them in up there, that's impressive..."
Take a bath Saeriah, to cool off. Also you're covered in swamp goo.
"Yeah... I think I'll do that..."
Fully clothed?
no
Because her white under-shirt became almost transparent
Removing the horror prompt from the oil and tar and blood ones makes interesting results as well
I have a couple of fists for you, right here.
panting noises, steam, oil spill and pollution
Lewd waste girl
This took a long time, was quite frustrating, didn't come out perfect, and I saw some shit I never want to see again while I was trying.
I guess I had fun, though.
bele delphine
Belle Delphine who?
I'll try to gen one of those soon, when I finish work.
Gorgon is not a bad name, indeed. I just fail to understand how did you come to this, exactly.
I am so tired of the sameface, bros. What prompts are best for style changes? What model has the best range of being good at different styles or I guess, which model does what type of styles best?
Further un-lewded anon's schizo-prompts
Now Saeriah is just annoyed at being wet and dirty and having her outfit ruined.
That's what you get for hunting snakes in the swamp, Saeriah.
Anything is pretty good at different styles.
Try (traditional media) and (*artist* style), where *artist* is the name of an artist. It's surprising how many artist styles it can sort of replicate.
Anything or AOM seem to be most versatile. You could also try sliding around CFG within the same seed, I find that I get a different pose and style around 12, 15, and 18 on AOM starting off at 15 CFG. YMMV
Goa stop eating oil!
No!
Bad waifu!
So, was there something in particular about Belle Delphine?
I could easily cum to that
I was just thinking of rider from fate/stay night, the big titty purple hair lady, and her special attack was eye of gorgon or something, and gorgon sounds kinda cool.
Medusa Lancer > Medusa Rider
Fun fact, Medusa's nickname was "Dussy."
"Ehehehe~"
So for how long are you going to bathe in industrial waste Goa?
"Te~he~"
Te-he is not an answer
"What's the matter big boy~ afraid to get wet?"
Goa it's melting your clothes and I suspect even parts of yourself
"Ah"
"My wings just fell off"
Goa get out of there
Goa was fished out from the goop and sent to a bath house where she is washing off all the whatever she was bathing in
Good news, her wings are already growing back
