<comment>
Conservatism is a feminine mindset. It's all about passivity; i.e., being content with the way things are. Leftism is a masculine mindset that is about aggressiveness: actively trying to shape the world. If we start from this observation, we shouldn't be surprised to discover conservatism is a highly matriarchal ideology. 
Conservatism demands that men treat women as their social superiors in various ways; insisting, for example, that men not defend themselves from female attackers, give up seats to them on public transportation, and give them priority treatment in emergency situations. The way men are expected to treat women under 'traditionalism' is similar to how slaves are expected treat their masters; prioritizing their lives over their own and passively accepting physical violence from them. 
How a person gets from caring about men's issues to wanting 'traditionalism' is the most mind-boggling thing imaginable. The overall package that the left offers men is much better than the institutionalized simping that conservatism demands, even if you might be able to point to a few feminist policies that have bad consequences.
<comment>
Conservatism is a feminine mindset
Kinda. It's a submissive mindset.
Every tier of the conservative hierarchy must submit to the one above it. As long as they aren't on the ass-bottom of the tiers, conservatives will support their ideology so they can shit on their "inferiors" while shit rains down on their head from all the tiers above. Equality would stop all of the shitting, but the 2nd-from-the-bottom conservatives just assume it will raise up the bottom tier to a place they "don't belong" and they'll have no one else to shit on, taking away the one thing that gives them confidence.
<comment>
It's funny how conservatives play up the 'masculine'/'macho man' thing when, going by definitions, their entire worldview is feminine.
Supporting the status quo is passive; passivity is associated with the feminine.
Striving to stand up, work and change the status quo is aggressive; aggression is associated with the masculine.
