your response /r9k/?
I will self improov if I do not become a normie at the very least I learned a lesson and will be for it.
Women playing stupid as usual about their insane standards. Not my problem anymore to listen justifications, i just want them to hurt.
My response is to post this man (not me)
All I gotta say is dont cry for our attention when we actually end up that way, despite all your shit talking
It's true I'm not entitled to love, intimacy, or even friendship. But society is not entitled to my labor either. I'm not doing jackshit for this sick society. I will leach as much as possible. If I see a w*man or a boomer in distress I will not lift a single finger to help them. You get the world you deserve.
Yes queen slayyy
F(ifth)PBP
OP is 100% right. Reality is not about being fair or just, its just a randomizer game. If you don't look or act a certain way, love is not for you. More people would be happy if they would stop thinking in terms of idealistic non-sense and focus on things other than sex and romance. Its not for everyone.
Based. No point in following the Social Contract if you get nothing in return.
Pretty much. I don't blame women for acting the way they do but they're not motivating me to give a shit about them either.
He didn't give any reason why they shouldn't be a menace other than muh morals
My response is;
I am sick of "What is your response, X" threads, I am also sick of the fags larping as women here for ezpz (you)'s, however, this is still better (marginally) than the weekly discord raids, so you get a pass for now
Thats the problem. It is everyones biological destiny to reproduce and have sex. That means a percentage of men will essentially always suffer
There are animal species that went extinct because the females kept selecting for certain traits until they became so extreme that they hindered survival.
No, there's no such thing as destiny. Humans have never and will never have a guaranteed means of reproduction. The sooner you realize this, the sooner you can move on.
Not your problem. Not mine either.
I don't usually say things like this, but I feel strongly that the person who made this post should be killed for the sake of eugenics.
No Pussy. No Work. No Taxes.
nah I will forever live in spite and hedonism and simply not interact with the outside world. it's the least I can do
Yeah I agree for the most part, I don't even feel rage for the state of affairs. Either the single mothers have a net negative so hard for either them of the rest of society that they or the rest of the society gets selected out by competition of nuclear families or the societies that support them. Whoever wins will be the evolutionary successor, so it's not my business. Having said that anons following point is still wrong:
Pay your taxes
Why? I am no longer invested in the outcome of this society, I don't really care if some threat occurs that destroys/disempowers this society, any resource I have is best spent on my own empowerment and survival. I'll just continue living my life preparing for bad/worse case scenarios whilst doing the modest things that makes me happy.
Even if I find a Unicorn women that:
I probably still won't have the incentive to be robbed by boomers, corrupt state officals, big corporations, and other such leeches.
As a non-incel I find the attitude of the anon in the OP picture both intellectually lazy and morally abhorrent. You do not have the right to demand things from people and offer them nothing in return: that is exploitation. Society has to find a solution to save whatever is causing the problem of incels collectively. At the very least human beings deserve a narrative, meaning and hope, and that is the thing we as a society collectively, but especially the elites of the previous generations, are desperately failing to provide.
Irrefutable to this very day I'm afraid, they can't.
The evolution part is wrong. 
Also I don't care about morals and how I should be a slave.
No
100% absolutely right. But then they should acknowledge the situation and agree with the incel arguments about how it's over for incels instead of giving them false hope and gaslighting them that they have a chance at a gf if they just did xyz.
Unless you have a child with each chad its not really success, just hedonism
Why do arguments like this get btfo by the rape point every single time?
Rape doesn't allow emotional bonding which leads to stable families like sex does. Sex is still preferable evolutionary.
Evolutionarily*
So does getting pumped and dumped by chad/experienced-older-guys and becoming a single mother preferable than just going for someone of less SMV?
African village proverb, I'm sure everyone knows it by now
aside from the buzzwords and redditisms he has a point. Incels get frustrated that most women want a man who's conventionally attractive yet complain that they can't get a woman who looks like a pornstar and isn't a looksmatch hahaha. Aside from that attraction seems to be not the issue and more so social skills and confidence. You can physically look like Danny DeVito and get women as long as you have social skills and confidence, which is evident enough seeing as how Danny constantly gets women. A lot of incels on this board seem to be so obsessed with looks to the detriment of focusing on anything else that they self sabotage themselves by tricking themselves into focusing on shit that isn't the highest priority while simultaneously convincing themselves they're uglier than they actually are. You gotta make friends before you can get a girlfriend and if you don't got friends then that's your first priority is learning how to keep and maintain relationships to begin with. Being constantly sexually promiscuous is an extremely shallow way to live life and it gets old fast as no meaningful relationships are formed. Incels trick themselves into envying the lifestyle of coping mechanisms used by the mentally ill who happen to be socially competent while failing to see how unhealthy it is to live that way to begin with, it's like envying a drug addict or an alcoholic for having good constitution or some shit while completely missing the point.
''pay your taxes' how about no m'roastie LOL !
The only type of sex that leads to stable families is sex within marriage which the only reason you'd do that is if you're religious or operating from a culture that is predominantly religious. If you're using the evolution paradigm as a method to orient yourself then you're not going to form stable relationships because you're essentially just a hyper intelligent ape who has no idea what he's doing nor can he and just gives into impulsive urges at the expense of everything else in life.
i 100% agee, roastoids can suffer...........
Haha, it' not like normalfags and soys have spent over a decade ferverently denying the blackpill.
Have you ever considered we're in the second phase there instead of the third?
No, bad mothers have spent over a decade puffing up their unattractive, socially retarded sons. No one denied anything.
Have you considered that you're a faggot?
Yes, but I dismissed it out of hand because it's too unlikely. You, on the other hand, still have real faggot potential.
The world is still riddled woth murderers, rapists, pedophiles, and druggies. Some job women are doing huh.
Why would I? I know that's the preferred outcome for everyone else but how does that benefit me?
As long as I'm not happy, no one else should be.
So how come me, the loser incel that minds his own business but is unsuccessful with women, gets told to kill myself while trannies and gays get validated and told they get to fuck kids at school grounds funded by tax money?
Because trannies still have some value to society, incels by definition have none.
OP is gay. Reaching the top 2% means you have to be born attractive while reaching the top 40% means you have to hit the gym twice a week.
