Ugly and short men, why are you not asexual eunuch platonic entities that psychonically read womens minds to know your place in their hierarchy of fuckable and unfuckable friends before you engage your basic human sex drive and love drive? Why do you insist on having a sexuality? You are useful the way you are, there is no need to fall in love or have a sexuality. There are more attractive men to serve that purpose for women.
If you are befriending a women to get in her pants then you are a POS creep. If you develop feelings for her then you should either express it or cut her off. Don't stick around someone you want to love/fuck but can't.
Why do you find it okay to objectify men?
I agree, but any man under the age of 21 should be excused for this behavior. It's just a part of growing up, learning that you have to make your intentions clear.
If you are befriending a women to get in her pants then you are a POS creep
Nope, doesn't happen except in fantasies and if it does you're okay when tall handsome men do it.
You are pathologizing normal healthy sexuality in men you are imagining are short and ugly. Women are flattered and happy when tall handsome men do this.
You speak like an inexperienced baby child who thinks the world is full of villains out to get you. There are no "intentions" described in the OP pic, just the natural progression to falling in love.
There is no le magical contract that states men must remain asexual eunuch platonic entities if you find them ugly and short. If you know you won't ever want to recognize their basic human sexuality its on you to inform them that you find them ugly and short from the start and that you can never see them as having a basic human sexuality, so they know the bounds of your friendship and that you've placed them in the lower tier of unfuckable friends (as opposed to the fuckable friends/FWBs).
If you are befriending a women to get in her pants then you are a POS creep
Not depicted in the OP and impossible to prove. You are assigning motive based on other criteria, and we all know what those criteria are for the Chads (beautiful romantic just fell in love) vs non-Chad (evil machinations befriending to evily get in le pants)
ugly and short men don't need to fall in love or have a sexuality
ugly and short women need to fall in love and have a sexuality
How does this make sense? This is core of the issue today. Women can objectify men on every front, using every metric, but to do the same to women is "shaming" them. This is the whole problem, the entire view as to why things are so fucking skewed right now. They are no scrutinized the way we are.
she has a good male friend
I feel like people who have to emphasis that they've had "[a] good friend[s]" aren't really good at differentiating between good and bad friends.
You should know that you're a creep and that its morally wrong to fall in love with women who have placed you in the friend box if you don't pass certain height and handsomeness criteria. It means you were plotting in your evil villain lair to get in her pants by pretending to be her friend. But if you're tall and handsome, then feel free to fall in love spontaneously, it's very romantic when he falls for his friend and he's hot.
more like they're bad friends who dehumanize (desexualize) others. he was one of her uglier friends so he was expected to inherently know to "stay in his lane". He's probably watched her fuck a few other friends who tried the same thing he did, but succeeded because they had the genetics of height and face to pull it off.
will you date me?
ew no.
ok, I'm going to find someone else to date.
NOOOOOOO YOU ARE NEGLECTING OUR FRIENDSHIP! REEEEEE!
You should know that you're a creep and that its morally wrong to fall in love with women who have placed you in the friend box if you don't pass certain height and handsomeness criteria. It means you were plotting in your evil villain lair to get in her pants by pretending to be her friend. But if you're tall and handsome, then feel free to fall in love spontaneously, it's very romantic when he falls for his friend and he's hot.
Yeah, that's how the situation is today, except a 'creep' is any male who fails to meet the male standard that women set for us.
basically he chose not to be a desexualized orbiter simp and she's enraged he didn't know his place.
give simple, sensible opinion
receieve butthurt paragraph in return
You must know that I did not read beyond the first sentence of your reply.
i can see your hands shaking in anger through your post.
receive paragraph
Where? I see a few sentences at best.
she got trashed and assblasted and is trying to save face by appearing like she's not seething.
Yeah. It's not a sin that warrants death penalty.
Nice strawman
So you were never a real friend but a liar creep?
this is not very good bait, do better.
the thing is if a woman really wanted to be a friend, and a guy made a move on her she would set him up with another girl or became a wingman for him
but she doesn't want a friend, she doesn't even care she was hit on she'd just rather get attention from complaining online than to have a friend
Please do not ever 'befriend' a woman. Learn from my mistake, there are no 'one of the guys' or 'y-yeah but she's different'
Keep it 100% professional and detached from women co workers as well, that's an even bigger hassle in some ways.
How am I baiting? What if you have a gay friend and he gets attracted to you but doesn't disclose it? How would you feel knowing that all that friendship was a masquerade to get into your pants?
You just don't to feel guilty for treating unattractive men poorly.
she sees the guy as a utility. she cannot comprehend that an ugly man she has utilized for a certain "platonic" purpose has an internal cognitive life and experiences emotions and has a male sexuality. men who aren't extremely physically attractive are seen by her as eunuchs and it was shocking and offensive to her for him to demonstrate that he was not and like any man, has the capacity to fall in love.
no man would be enraged that a friend of his, gay guy or straight woman, had to put distance between the two of them because they loved him so much and it hurt to be around him, because they understand that people aren't just utilities to serve a purpose and have inner emotional lives.
This is going to blow your mind because you're a leftoid retard, but the 2 genders are different from eachother and this hypothetical is moot.
I would feel flattered that someone found me that attractive and if he needed to put space between us indefinitely to heal or move on I'd wish him the best, because that's what any decent person would feel about their friend.
He certainly isn't my slave eunuch utility that has to disclose in writing all his emotions he might ever experience in the future over the course of his natural normal human sexuality and emotional states.
wow, women really do not understand men psychologically. such a thing would be seen as unfortunate because of the heartbreak for the gay man, and you would feel sad for him as a man because his heart has been broken. plus as a man your confidence would be invigorated and improved by that experience.
are women really this psychologically blind when it comes to men?
He certainly isn't my slave eunuch utility that has to disclose in writing all his emotions he might ever experience in the future over the course of his natural normal human sexuality and emotional states.
And when did I say he must do that.I have only said one thing so far that if you are attracted to a girl then either confess or just silent cut her off. Don't hand around her with burden of infatuation over you believing you might have a chance one day. It makes you predatory and exploiting someone's trust.
Nice goalpost change. It's tragic and shitty for everyone but that doesn't mean you can't be blamed.
you are not speaking of any experience related to OPs image. it is impossible to prove intentions of a person without inner access to their minds.
just because a man is ugly and short, it doesn't mean he was hanging around to predate on a woman.
and just because a man is tall and handsome doesn't mean his intentions were pure and romantic.
just knock it off. stop inventing scenarios, and making claims about peoples intentions. unless you can show us audio and video access of their inner thoughts and emotions. 
ugly men have a right to have a spontaneous sexuality that changes like human beings too, not only tall handsome men. they are not predatory and exploiting trust for being humans with evolving sexualities (as in the OP image/post and thus the only valid topic of this conversation).
They DO IT TO AVOID GUILT Ch/Tyrone isn't told he is being A CREEP for the same behavior they are natural hypocrites but cannot fucking admit it
that's true. No one with self respect wants to be a girl's gay best friend. Girls don't understand that finding and maintaining a girlfriend is a full time job. 
hey do you want to get coffee with me, your non-girlfriend?
I can't. I have to spend the next six hours trying to set up a tindr date without getting ghosted.
hey do you want to go shopping with me, your not-girlfriend, for the rest of the day? 
I can't. I have to join a church and a cooking class and take dance lessons in hopes a girl there is single. 
hey, do you want to help me move all my furniture into a box truck and haul it to my new apartment? 
that sounds like fun, but there's an actual girl who wants my dick now, and I'm not going to blow her off to spend the day with the friendzone queen 
Priorities. Every moment a man spends with you is a moment he spends away from his wife. You are not more important than his wife. Remember that.
using phrases like "goalpost change" its important to understand their meaning first. just trying to use them randomly to seem intelligent won't work, you'll be called out for it as i'm doing here.
come back with a counterpoint to my on topic right down the middle argument and stop flailing dishonestly.
just because he is short and ugly, doesn't mean he is evil and "to blame"
Any other females find it funny and pathetic when women write paragraphs about how they pretend to give a damn about male value.
I'm a male writing this i wanted male friendships before but now i really don't give a fuck anymore 
the question i always ask why would you want male friendships in the first place? kek
She implied that men involve themselves in the relationships just to have a chance and I agreed that some men do. She is also rightful paranoid is that what I was saying. You are just spiteful.
Priorities. Every moment a man spends with you is a moment he spends away from his wife. You are not more important than his wife. Remember that.
Horrendous logic 
come back with a counterpoint to my on topic right down the middle argument and stop flailing dishonestly.
But I did.
Because people like being around other people? My best friends during childhood were girls.
Horrendous logic
How so?
She implied that men involve themselves in the relationships just to have a chance
Yep, and its acceptable to her when men who are tall and handsome do it and not when men who are short and ugly do it.
You are a simp, the kind of man who would actually do what you're suggesting other men do. She will not reward you with sex for validating her online.
Your continuous dishonesty and admission to being the gay friend for girls shows us you have a feminine mind.
Commit to honesty. Short ugly men are allowed to have spontaneous sexualities, to try to set up FWBs situations out of friendships, and to put distance between them and women who tell them they're eunuch utilities by rejecting them. Not only tall and handsome men should be allowed to have sexualities.
She implied that men involve themselves in the relationships just to have a chance 
Impossible to know without direct magical access to the inner thoughts and emotions of other people. She is assigning good/bad intentions to men based on how physically attractive she finds them.
Proof foids are narcissistic: she expects anyone with an iota of self respect to waste their time reading her seething malding blogpost
Imagine actually letting a woman know how you feel about her. Imagine not being a coward.
That's exactly what happened in OPs post. He spontaneously developed feelings for her, and told her. She and you are now seething that he didn't opt to remain a desexed asexual eunuch utility.
You are not owed slavish pseudofriendship. Short and ugly men are allowed to have sexualities too, despite your protestations, not only tall and handsome men.
Men don't just spontaneously develop feelings. They know within the first two weeks that they want to fuck her. Within the first two days, usually. If he's not a coward, he'll let her know. He'll make a move.
Men don't just spontaneously develop feelings
Prove it.
Because they're not women. Women are fickle, men are not. Men see their target, they make efforts to reach it. It's so simple it barely warrants explanation. Beta males just confuse this process through their own lack of confidence.
What are friends?
You are just playing a spiteful victim here.
Commit to honesty. Short ugly men are allowed to have spontaneous sexualities, to try to set up FWBs situations out of friendships, and to put distance between them and women who tell them they're eunuch utilities by rejecting them. Not only tall and handsome men should be allowed to have sexualities.
Mental derangement. Nobody said otherwise.
If that's the case then all male sexuality no matter how direct is predatory, and thus it is not unusual or wrong to try to get sex via friendship and clever manipulation.
You have cornered yourself. Better luck next time.
Short ugly men are allowed to have spontaneous and evolving sexuality, not only tall handsome men. Do you understand?
Don't seethe about it, just be honest about it.
Women are not fickle. They know upon first sight whether or not they're attracted to a man because unlike with men where attraction can develop over time, women instantly fall in love with tall height and handsome face or are instantly disgusted by short height or ugly face.
IT ALWAYS MEN FAULT
MEN LE BAD
all male sexuality no matter how direct is predatory, and thus it is not unusual or wrong to try to get sex via friendship and clever manipulation
Did you think I would disagree?
Short ugly men are allowed to have spontaneous and evolving sexuality, not only tall handsome men. Do you understand? 
Sure but don't go around pretending to be a friend when you aren't. 
I will totally not creeped out if some gay dude pretended to be my friend to get in my pants
Then its morally righteous for men to try to trick their female friends into sex by emotional proximity.
I accept your concession.
Short ugly men who have sexuality aren't evil nonfriends, they can be friends with spontaneous sexual needs of women they're friends with, just like tall handsome men.
 What are friends?
Let me answer that since he didn't: they're not emotional parasites. I don't give a fuck about how you got ghosted or you feel inadequate, just as you don't care to listen to that shit from me.
Fuck yourself
because girls and boys cannot be friends, only collogues, acquaintances, significant other or sexual partner
id never have a gay friend
morally righteous
You start using spook terms like this and you have no argument in the first place. The reality is that nobody likes being deceived. That man who pretends friendship is a rat attempting to gnaw at a woman's heart and worm his way in. Of course we hold him in contempt.
only simps and women would hold a man in contempt just because he is short and ugly doing and has a sexuality.
there is no pretending friendship. fwbs exist and thus it is normal to make friends with the unexpressed intention of fucking them in the future.
unless you think fwbs should be a jailable offense, you inherently agree with me.
More crazy logic. Whatever intellectual victory you think you have here pales in comparison to the reality that your faux-friendship will be seen as the creepy, cowardly attempt to get pussy that it is.
There's really nothing you can explain to a person with a personality disorder.
i don't think all women have personality disorders, that's a bold suggestion. i just think they need to accept that short ugly men are humans with sexualities too, not just tall handsome men. do you really believe that ALL women are personality disordered? seems like a stretch.
Kind of wrong desu. Its just that men are told to base their self worth on how many they could shag that they are pushed into pursuing any women they interact with. 
there is no pretending friendship. fwbs exist and thus it is normal to make friends with the unexpressed intention of fucking them in the future. 
Are you autistic? Do you think friends in fwb imply that someone got into that kind of relationship by deceiving other party? Do you think he/she used their friendship as a tool to fuck someone?
 Men are told to want to be horny
How much more retarded can you get?
I don't care to brag to anyone, sex is just fun. The same reason you hook up with at least 3 random dudes a year, if not far more
It is even creepier when you remember things you did together with him, like sleepovers, movie nights, and you realize he was probably masturbsting on you sleeping or sniffing your underwear. Like can you please not be a shifty predator pretending to like my personality, thanks.
Do you think friends in fwb imply that someone got into that kind of relationship by deceiving other party?
Do you think he/she used their friendship as a tool to fuck someone?
These happen more often than you think.
no you fucking loser. kill yourself. men and women cannot naturally be friends. they have complete distinct interests and desires. maybe a married man and married woman can be friend or young children but yeah kill yourself
Do you think friends in fwb imply that someone got into that kind of relationship by deceiving other party?
all the time it is nearly universal. and its morally good when tall handsome men do it and their motives pure and romantic, and its morally evil when short ugly men do it and they are deceitful and cunning incels.
What are friends? 
News flash. When guys get a girlfriend, they drop their guy friends. It happens a lot. Guy I knew since elementary school? Hung out with him every day. Played video games and shit from 1st grade to 11th grade. Every weekend. Every summer. For a decade. One day in high school he gets a girlfriend. We didn't hang out anymore. That's that. Good job, Kevin, got yourself a girlfriend. It happens. And sometimes guys are salty about it, but I wasn't bitter. I understood that a girlfriend is important, and I certainly wasn't going to fuck Kevin. That's gay. Why can't you be happy for Kevin?
And yet it's not okay to ask out women you don't know. What do we do then? There's way too little wiggle room, it's never the rigt time to ask out it seems. Ofc, asking a girl out never goes well unless you're Chad, he can ask them out whenever he wants.
You should be angry about that originally
Why? Another year and we were off to different colleges, anyway. Now we're in different countries.
You are extremely dumb and naive.
This 
Yes but it's bad when things don't work out in the end.
Stupid incel
Keep parroting yourself 
Ok but what are you trying to say?
Difference between being a friend and someone in one's social circle. Most friendships don't evolve into sexual relationships or Romantic ones.
Why the Fuck is she surprised that random men dont straight up start their interactions with women by suggesting a romantic relationship?
Yes but it's bad when things don't work out in the end.
That's most relationships. In fact, it's most friendships too.
Buddy
Serious question
Have you ever been around girls
Ever
"I want a romantic relationship" is a little much when first meeting a girl, but men should absolutely communicate attraction early on if they're interested in the girl. Unless you're Chad she won't make the first move so it's on you to get the ball rolling. If you don't she'll assume you're not into her and then you're friendzoned, no matter how much you do want to date/fuck her. I think that's how most of the stories like OP's pic unfold.
guy is into girl but is too pussy to say anything
goes along with the friendzone
years later he finally shoots his shot
the girl is totally oblivious that he was attracted to her and feels betrayed or like all he ever wanted was to get laid
he seethes over wasting all that time on her when it could have been easily avoided if he let his intentions be known early on, she either would have reciprocated or rejected him on day 1 instead of several years into it
you type like you've been molested by your dad
So specific you should probably talk about that with your therapist instead of going online
Women will fuck anything even your incel ass just touch grass pardner
your typing style conveys that you've been molested by your dad
unless you're chad she'll be creeped out that you even suggested you're attracted to her. women take extreme offense when guys they think are ugly ask them out, because it makes them feel like those are the guys on their level
I never understood this whole 
"if you become friends with a woman just to see if she's romantically interested, you're a piece of shit"
It's like... isn't that how most relationships begin? A man and a woman become friends, and through sharing mutual interests and experiences during the friendship, thier bond evolves into a romantic relationship?
Or am I mistaken? Or is it only a "piece of shit" move for non-Chads?
being in proximity of a woman who is not hideous who i have enjoyable interactions with will make me like her romantically
crazy
You're not entitled to frienship sweetie
 Or is it only a "piece of shit" move for non-Chads?
Yep.
It's like... isn't that how most relationships begin? A man and a woman become friends, and through sharing mutual interests and experiences during the friendship, thier bond evolves into a romantic relationship? 
most people already confess before a friendship occurs because that's how mutual romance work. If she is not interested in you then it will become a friendship. 
That pic 
Kek. It isn't white women crying about not having the privilege to date low value incels but calling out how these disgusting creeps fetishize and exploit poor Asian women. Polcels are another level of delusional.
Anon, did you even read this post? She literally has every right to feel this way in this situation.
most people already confess before a friendship occurs
no they don't
 because that's how mutual romance work
no it isn't
f she is not interested in you then it will become a friendship.
no it won't.
simple as.
because I'm only 1 of the 2 and I'm 8 inches
Jesus Christ man, what the fuck do women want???
Become good friends with a woman, and suggest taking your friendship to the next level with her after bonding together?
You're a manipulative piece of shit.
Ask a woman out within minutes of meeting? Immediately skipping the platonic part of the relationship?
You're a fucking creep.
WHAT. THE. FUCK. DO. THEY. WANT!?!?
Why are you engaging with trolls
they want ugly/short men to exist as asexual utilities for "platonic" activities like helping her with her work/homework/moving/protecting her but otherwise not existing as a man with a sexuality
they want sex with tall handsome men
that's all of it. its that simple.
Uh huh because I say so
Literal child
and as for your image, they really do see muscular tall handsome men as "average" other guys are sexually invisible to them, or grotesque.
i don't know if you are trolling or not, but just don't take a lot of what they say seriously. they'll tell you what not to do and very rarely actions to take. even in those rare occasions, it's almost guaranteed to be garbage advice. they play a different role for the most part and don't date women. they are blind to what actually happens or what a guy has to do to get a date/relationship.
Cope seethe mald dilate and touch grass, sour grapser.
Nothing mentioed relates to looks.
Get your head out of the /r9k/ gutter and consider for a moment that maybe it sucks to lose a long-standing friendship because the guy decided you are not worth engaging with if you deny him pussi. 
It's basically the nice guy problem all over again where lots of men mentally blacklist women as friends if they deny them sex.
At this point just be honest and say you were interested in them as fuckmeat instead of a human being and fuck off instead of being two-faced about it.
ugly/short men are not utility machines you put basic human decency coins into and they lose their sexuality and become utility eunuchs for "platonic" slavish services
It's basically the nice guy problem all over again where lots of men mentally blacklist women as friends if they deny them sex.
I really dislike this weaponizing of nice guys. The girl's reaction to everything that happened is perfectly reasonable, and people should try to be more empathetic with her instead. Saying that, women should also be understanding of men as well who leave afterwards (within something reasonable, not fucking 20 years). It's hard to be around someone you have more interest in than just friendship and separating yourself is the easiest way to get over them next to finding someone new.
befriend girl
develop feelings for girl
ask her out
she rejects you
distance yourself because spending time with a girl you know won't reciprocate your feelings is causing you pain
REEEEEEEEE HE WAS USING ME
Women really are heartless huh?
the woman's reaction is psychopathic and unreasonable and dehumanizes/desexualizes the ugly short man she was pretending to be friends with. don't be such a cuckold pushover simp.
how dare he develop feelings for her while not being tall and handsome. yuck! ick!
You tried too hard for this not to be perceived as bait.
I'm not trolling. I've literally had this happen to me.
I've had women tell me that befriending women and asking them out later is manipulation and a piece of shit thing to do.
I've also seen women talk about how much they hate guys cold approaching them without "getting to know them" first.
Why can't women just be honest with men? Just say outright what it is you desire. 
They want average/ugly guys to be asexual worker drones for them, and only attractive men to do anything romantic with them. Normies can also be romantically involved, but only if they offer something significant in return to compensate for thier "non-Chad" status.
you can just admit you were intimidated and are bowing out of the argument because you got blown out instead of trying to save face.
lmao it really is that simple but for some reason the OP in the pic doesn't understand that
empathy really is in short supply these days huh?
If women were 100% honest with men, they would lose a lot of power in society. Could you just imagine the world if 50% (or more) of men became blackpilled?
no more simps
no more white knights
no more orbiters
no more pussy pass
like 50-70% of the male population would hate you.
If women were honest, the world would immediately become a much more hostile place for them. 
That's why women seem to lie so much about everything. It is a built in survival strategy so I don't blame them too much for it.
there is a difference between surviving and thriving though.
Your brain is soup
I agree except I don't get what you mean by "weaponising of nice guys". I used it as a catch-all simply.
Women are more valuable than len. Ugly scrotes' only worth is being our paypigs.
Difference between being a friend and someone in one's social circle
the difference is completely arbitrary.
Don't stick around someone you want to love/fuck but can't
So its wrong to want to know more someone before asking them out?
if men aren't entitled to romantic relationships then why do you feel entitled to platonic relationships?
Just cut that female bullshitting off at the start.
Stop acting nice and like fake-chaste prude with any female you find attractive from the get-go. 
If she spends more like 1-2 times during a week with you, esp with you alone? 
Start teasing a bit and clearly point out that she is a sexual being to you, lowkey implying you'd slam that until the bed breaks whenever she is available. 
If she continues to stay around or joins in on the teasing, you both now know the score.
Even if nothing happens because she has a bf atm or pulls her "not looking for one right now" excuse, the cards are on the table and she cant fake any "baww, but just friends!?" ignorance later.
If she gets her a "eww too good for u" mood or reacts badly instead, so what? She is likely nobody who you'd want as a friend anyway then.
 You are extremely dumb and naive
Point out why or fuck off back to lolcow please.
Is that the best you got when someone calls you out on your bs?
(Wrong quote)
 You are extremely dumb and naive
Point out why or fuck off back to lolcow please.
Is that the best you got when someone calls you out on your bs?
The fact that you have no actual reply says a lot, enjoy being a casual whor and acting like there's no issue with it
Men and women can't be friends. Why is the foid in the OP so oblivious to this
They are romantic lovers or acquaintances at best and that's all they'll ever be
There is no in-between or so called "friendship" between the sex
Like can you please not be a shifty predator pretending to like my personality
But thats exactly why I went through all this, because I believed you and your personality were were worth to spend that time with you.
Sadly you cant or refuse to acknowledge that my interst in you was beyond mere carnal desire?
What is wrong with wanting to be friend first and then lovers with your potential partner?
He expresses that it's fine if she says no and tells her that they can still be friends.
Never happening. Either you're willing to have sex with me, and only me, or you can go die in a fire as far as I'm concerned.
Every woman I know has had an experience that goes like this...
Just a cognitive bias.
1 out of every 20 guys could do this once in their life and that would be enough for most women to have this experience.
Look BITCH I will take my chances whereever I can and move on to the next one whenever I want.
Its already hard enough to stay and let theses feeling linger.
it's not looks related
it's just that the difference between a friendzoned sexless beta and a FWB is looks!
Love from Kazakhstan
Men distance themselves from women that friendzone them because having to see her fuck other men is literal psychic cuckoldry.
Women demanding men remaining friends with them after sexually rejecting them is LITERALLY telling him to be a literal cuckold.
End of discussion. If you defend that, you're defending men being told to be involuntary cuckolds and shaming them for rejecting such a proposal.
if you were tall and handsome she would assume your attraction was pure and romantic.
Why are scrotes so obsessed with sex, Jesus. Its just one of many things people do that feel good, why can't we just enjoy movies or music or video games together?
Because any guy would be better and more fun at those.
And despite that, we still dont care to bother much with them either after early adulthood Mostly because we are not hypersocial cunts who require approval and cheering for everything, including pissing into a toilet.
TLDR: Your pussy is much nicer than your company
why are you so obsessed with denying ugly short men sex. if its no big deal just spend a few minutes and make your friend happy. 
refusing to do it is you admitting its a big deal.
While sex is just a formality, enjoying with friend isnt the same as enjoying the same with your partner.
This should be pretty obvious no?
go ask tall handsome men why they're so obsessed with sex. do it in front of their harem of women like you or their wives, scream it in their faces instead of targeting lonely men here you nasty turdwhore.
Honestly it's pretty pathetic. Lead in with your attraction to women, guys should stop pretending to be women's friends for a chance.
Men don't owe women friendship any more than women owe men sex/relationships. Dunno why one of these is considered fine but not the other.
Harem? What the fuck? Are you mentally ill? What the fuck do they teach you people on this board?
ask her out after getting to know her and developing feelings for her
women complain you only got to know them to manipulate them into bed
approach her and ask her out before you get to know her
women complain they want to get to know you first
Seems like a catch-22 desu
seethe mald cope dilate sour grapes touch grass.
Seems like a catch-22 desu
It's not. It's just plausible deniability because women have to conceal they are chadsexual as a survival adaptation.
Human women literally evolved concealed ovulation. One of the only mammal species to do so. You ever wonder why that is?
yeah the level of sociosexual deceit women engage in automatically without even introspecting and realizing it is next level. Many of them are as oblivious as men about their own behavior, especially when it matters for love/relationships (when they're young, lively, and beautiful). Men typically know more about women's behavior in explicit terms because they have to learn by observing and understanding it, whereas its just automatic/instinctual for women so they do it without comprehending how or why. Until they're older and the attention goes away and they have to figure out why.
This is why you don't befriend women
They aren't good enough friend material outside of their pussies
The way a woman behaves is actually simple
Women are absolute solipsists, it's easiest to understand their line of thinking by representing it as a math formula
Perceived objective value / (preconceived notion * 100%) = Actual perception of value
But doesn't everyone think that way? the difference is that for men it isn't multiplied by 100% but a lower value (based on personality)
Let's say a person is a serial killer, most women don't understand what exactly the rather abstract concept of "serial killer" entails and will instead perceive that person within the scope of what they do understand, which usually means exciting, dangerous, calculated and passionate (most female preconceptions are based on media btw, in reality most serial killers are 80IQ retards)
Now if you understand this concept you might notice how this affect common female behavior:
The "ick" which describes this disconnect between the objective reality and her own thoughts
Women always talking about how every man wants to rape/murder them despite them being statisticly the safest demographic, this is due modern media warping their mental image of men
Describing men as boring/failing to meet their criteria (where have all the good men gone?) despite them often having tons of hobbies/interest, a woman can't comprehend what exactly an interest in e.g: the French Revolution or weightlifting means so it doesn't exists in their mind
There are 2 ways you can solve the problems caused by this behavior:
Ensure that a woman actually understand the objective value, e.g: date women who have the same hobbies/interests or have your gf/interest engage with that hobby/interest untill they understand it
Or the much easier route of making her conflate her understanding of something with the value you want her to perceive a certain way:
in English this means associating her idea of e.g: exciting/intteligent with your interests/hobbies
The fact that these guys were friends with you without getting something in return that whole time just proves you have pussy privilege.
The reality is these women are just trying to collect orbitors/simps and men are starting to wisen up to it finally. Remember to remind these whores they aren't entitled to friendship or commitment as the floor collapses underneath their empire of narcissistic self indulgence and lies.
she's mad she can't string men on? lmao, be more interesting bitch.
They want TALL STRONG HUNKS OF MEAT holy shit how many times do we have to repeat it
Do you really think women babble about platonic friendships or whatever when the guy involved is a big meaty stud? NO!
I need to find some nipples to suck on right the fuck now. Just watching this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=575QJnhpbvY [Embed]
To train Youtube to show me tits instead of fucking nature videos, and now I need some fucking nipples to suck. It's not fucking fair. 
This thread doesn't even apply to me since I am 6'0 muscular white with dark features and cunts fear me by nature. I would rape any fucking cunt reading this post fill her womb with my untested unvaxxed uncut never even had covid cock and fill her up until she is 1000% pregnant and then I would keep fucking because my cock doesn't go soft after one blow.
based and knowledgepilled effort-poster
creepy, cowardly
Now look who's throwing around spook terms. You can't have your nihilism cake and eat it too. If you're going to dismiss any kind of moral judgement as "spook terms", you don't get to turn around and make moral judgements of your own.
true true, workin on it
Kevin sounds like a bitch. I knew a guy like Kevin after he got a girlfriend he would barely say hi to me. Before it was "hey what's up bro!"
After he got a girlfriend I'd be lucky to get a stoic head nod.
What is the problem with this anyways?
Is it not the most natural way to fall in Love after you known a person for decades? 
After you learned what they are like, what they like or dislike, what they Plan to do with their life? Why would you fall in love with someone you just met? To me it seems much more reasonable to only fall in love after you known someone for years, just going for anyone is a ticket to divorce. Mabey you've been friends for twenty years and there has never been a spark, mabey only after twenty years it appears, both scenarios are valid, but the modern culture of dating someone you barely know is completly unnatural.
Women hate romance. It dries up their pussy like silica gel. It's men who love romantic evenings, giving flowers, learning to love each other. All these things bore women to death. They want Chad to
1. Punch them in the face
2. Rape them
3. leave
I am really disgusted by the platonic feelings women feel for me
I try to get to know a woman better because she seems interested but I am just completely violated by her treating me in a desexualized way without my consent
But why?
Dont women have a sense of logic aswell?
Wouldnt they realise the shortsightedness of this way of thinking?
Yeah it kinda is. Not wrong as in: 
You have broken the social law, turn in your penis!
But it's basically just the safe &amp; cowardly way to get someone to like you b4 having to try. You should make your intentions know from the get-go, you can still get to know someone before dating but hiding your intentions just means she doesn't get to know you.
But what if you felt nothing for the girl when meeting her and only developed feelings over time, is it still wrong to ask her out in this context?
he doesn't pretend to be a bi/gay guy and snake his way into these girl friend groups as the token gay guy and just fuck all their shit up by "letting slip" their girl talk and cheats
Foids literally try to insert themselves into Chads social circle just to fuck him. God I hate these hypocritical animals so much
voluntarily spending time in groups of women
backstabbing women like you were one of them
Anon, are you absolutely certain you aren't gay?
Women are animals from the stone age not people.
the problem isn't that the person fell in love with them, it's that the relationship soured after the male was rejected, which brings doubt into the female's mind as to whether the friendship could even be called genuine if when the male lost the chance to get with the female, the previously friendly relationship began to deteriorate.
Gtfo foids backstab their foid friends all the time they only think betrayal is wrong when its not their sex doing it, their vaginal narcissism is so vomit inducing anything is fine when a cunt does it but when a man does it suddenly its an issue
I can accept this for the majority of women, but what about women like Emmy Noether or Marie Curie? Surely they could not have had the same kind of achivements with a animalistic and/or stone age way of thinking. Were they just exceptions to a rule?
Everyone would be downfor at least some time if rejected by someone they geniunly liked, wouldnt you agree? Even if they planed on being friends afterwards.
Only Fem very high IQ Autist are humans
I agree somewhat. I don't think the chick in OP's pic is in the right, I just wanted to clarify the point of the chick's message to the person i replied to because said person is seemingly retarded and lacks reading comprehension.
said person is seemingly retarded 
and lacks reading comprehension
Said person was also me, but i think i understand your argument now.
Also nice dubs
Same. When a woman likes me platonically I start feeling bitter as fuck
This. It it blackpilling to know that most men are ignorant to female deception aswell.
If I am not good enough for it, there is no way I could tolerate you
But I dont have any intentions from the get go. Thats the point. You will just meet a girl, get to know her without any intentions, and then later on realize you want to ask her out. But by that point she will have decided that you were friends the entire time and think you did something wrong. The way you are describing it is like you are supposed to sort people into these categories as soon as you meet them.
I dont know how to express attraction without straight up asking them on a date, I have no idea how to do it physically. I also have no idea how to tell if a girl likes me, so I would be firing blind
I have absolutely no idea how to do any of that. I cannot flirt for shit or talk about or even imply sexual things without coming across as creepy. I do not know how to communicate things with my body.
Even if that was the reaso it's better to get to know who you're interested in
The whole "acting like a friend" argument is complicated greatly by the fact that women have no fucking idea how men treat their actual friends.
News flash: if you were my ACTUAL friend, and you walked into a room where I was sitting with our other ACTUAL friends, you would hear this:
What's up, fatso?
Nice of you to fucking drag your ass down here, you fucking late prick.
Did you finally kick the Harlem Globetrotters out of your fucking bed and come down to see your friends?
You are like three fucking drinks behind and you are going to make those up right fucking now or we are going to kick your faggot ass.
Hey, your mother was here before. She blew all f us, but in between that she asked if we could have you text her when you got here.
What kind of total pussy are you that you text your mother every time you go someplace?
If you hear something else, we are not friends. And I have never PRETENDED that we were friends. I have been being nice to you as a courting behavior, and have never pretended friendship for one moment.
If you are befriending a women to get in her pants then you are a POS creep. If you develop feelings for her then you should either express it or cut her off. Don't stick around someone you want to love/fuck but can't.
The real reason this post is extra fucking stupid is because that is exactly what the guy in OP did and what this stupid cunt is complaining about.
If "cut her off" is the right choice, don't fucking complain when you get cut off.
I find it very difficult to be attracted to anyone without first spending like 50 hours interacting with them. Am I just completely fucked?
This. If you've never had friends that you occasionally roast each other, you never had real friends.
They're so accustomed to having their way, they don't even realize how those "friendship" always advantage them, lol.
This. If you've never had friends that you occasionally roast each other, you never had real friends.
Right. And if you're a girl and you find it INCONCEIVABLE that a guy would talk to you this way, because he's "sweet" and "considerate" and asks you nice questions about your day and finds ways that he can help you with stuff...THAT IS NOT FRIENDSHIP. He's not "tricking" you - you're just "unable to read social cues", the way you always accuse autists of being unable to read them. That is courtship. Period.
Women are stupid animals who cant think in the grand scheme so this is bullshit, they lie about their real behavior because they get pleasure from tricking men.
you're just "unable to read social cues", the way you always accuse autists of being unable to read them.
Hey, this is a good point.
Why aren't women being held responsible for their failure to accurately read social cues? Shouldn't we label them with a disorder and enroll them in special classes so they can admit how wrong they have always been and how defective they are, and promise to work on reading social cues better in the future?
i yawn loudly and obnoxiously while stretching my limbs to take up as much space in OP's lazy fucking bait thread
cmon guys, you can do better
quit replying 
/thread
Women are obsessed with sex, 
every political issue they care about is related with sex, 
sexual value is everything for women,
it's women that stay with physically abusive partners for the coomies and it's women who make dating and relationships the central part of their life
Why are cunts so deceptive?
they were autistic (male brained) and jewish (jewish brained)
The way you are describing it is like you are supposed to sort people into these categories as soon as you meet them.
this is what women do and they project their psychology onto men so they're upset that men don't do it.
all she is saying is that "think like woman, means you good unga unga" and "think like man, means you bad unga unga caveat unless you are tall and handsome then good unga"
women have never needed to be socially competent to find "friends" and partners.
This, every time a woman tried to flirt with me she did it with the same skill the most spaghetti dropping nerd would do it
Most friendships don't evolve into sexual relationships or Romantic ones.
Why not? That is way cuter and more romantic
Current western culture is pump and dump.
That's what happens when women are more "liberated" because marriage was invented BY men FOR men so that men don't have to legitimately kill each other for claims over women.
It's either this or tranny storytime. What threads do you want to see more of?
Women benefited from marriage in the medium to long run even in pre-agriculture hunter gatherer societies. 
invented BY men FOR men
It was invented by and for everyone. Women are far more excited by weddings than men.
Women think like animals a random Chad she just met 10 seconds ago fucking her is more romantic than her actual male friend from childhood who is NOT A VIRGIN LOSER becoming her boyfriend and fucking her. I can understand a friendzoned non Chad but the fact they oull this bullshit on their actual true male friends makes me so disgusted I cant even think right now god I hate women I hate them so much fuck
>72987435 #
"I want a romantic relationship" is a little much when first meeting a girl, but men should absolutely communicate attraction early on if they're interested in the girl.
This will result in a near 0 percent success rate, lower than even the friends first approach.
How did women benefit in marriage exactly?
I honestly don't really care about problems that women have beyond being overtly sexually harassed or physically accosted
beyond being overtly sexually harassed or physically accosted
stop being a simp for women. these are their problems and their problems alone pussy bitch cuck simp
Marriage pre-dates agriculture. Getting married paired them up with a beta provider that could bring home the bacon.
Most women cannot do this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=826HMLoiE_o [Embed]
Man who gives a shit. You're a stupid housenigger bot if you're this fucking worried about what some bitch wants. Fucking NPC over here
they were the ONLY ones who benefited in marriage. so, all the ways that exist.
why do you affect a negroidic manner in your typing style?
It got you wet enough to reply fag.
dont be enraged and too scared to answer the question
pretending to like my personality 
Lol what personality?
foid that can easily get sex as a wealthy person can get gourmet food daily and on demand is wondering why the average man is "obsessed" with it
