How do you cope with knowing you will never experience this? I don't think I've managed to reach acceptance yet.
I've done this many times, just a skill issue bro
i have a cuck fetish so its pretty easy to deal with it
But it will be hard to be cuck too
So problem remains, I guess
What skill do I need to learn?
Idk what you're going on about, I rode a bigger cock than that two hours ago.
looks pretty great, is that red line above the asshole normal though? Looks a bit weird
my oneitis is in a different state right now getting plowed by a guy she went to see and i've been jerking off to her descriptions/pictures of them on insta and pictures she sent me of the lingerie she wears for him, so i'm closer than i've been before. she literally censored her visible nipples and pussy before sending them but that actually made me harder.
just keep paying taxes and working
how tall are you?
if 6'+ it has nothing to do with skill. cope seethe mald touch grass
Honestly I did it once and regret it
Save yourself for a girl you really care for man
none of them deserve care
I have experienced it. 
Frankly, I spent the whole time worried my dick would snap in half.
Idc anymore. 
It frustrates me and the loneliness is crippling, but I'm better off alone.
I wake up everyday and tell myself "I will be happy and nothing will take that away from me (not even my own desires for the flesh because they are more parts of my life to be grateful for)"
I hide and sage the thread. kill yourself
god gave us hands for a reason
I like watching more.
I had it paid and it was one of the best things I ever felt. I can only imagone doing it with someone I love how it would feel, prolly insanely good
I have fuckboy looks but wasted my potential in high school and college, always 4 years too late mentally from where I should be, so I am still a virgin at 24. I kind of developed a virgin humiliation fetish even though I could probably lose it with some 5/10. Did not help that lockdowns ruined my college experience once I was finally gaining social momentum.
Why do you regret it?
Someone you hate?
What doesn't kill you simply makes you stranger.
Honestly balancing on the knife's edge personally. Even my permavirgin friends managed to get a girlfriend and lose their virginity, which just makes me want to fucking die. I get cold chills and a suffocated feeling from it all.
No need to cope because if i feel like it i will. Just need to find a right woman for the job.
Dont know how its called but that crack "scar" is perfectly normal.
