Why don't you like fitness?
Why do you partake in being a lazy slob?
The only thing that matters is your face, fitness is pure copium.
Going to the gym won't make me tall.
No reason to work out when you don't even go outside. Also,
Go back nigger
It's pointless self harm. The only benefit is increased strength which is entirely unnecessary for most of the population including myself
Even if this were true (It's not), being strong has so many benefits it's hard to think of when you wouldn't want it.
yes I too was once okay being weak and feeble
l LUV girls with mooscles toned and everything, big clit yep
when the average incel is this retarded it's no wonder women are repulsed by them
I don't like sweating and I see no point in it since >>72987046. I'm skinny and can lift heavy stuff when I need to, what more would I want?
No, you don't understand. You NEED to waste time and energy picking things up and putting them down so you can... uh... beat up a robber when he comes into the house that you never leave!
Imagine being proud of being weak.
Because I'd still be incel anyway. Therefore there is no point.
This applies to almost everything, by the way.
It's mainly to attract women who like the ability that muscles project(physical self defense during home invasion being one of them)....but you clearly wouldn't know anything about attracting women.
You're actually stupid, right? Being fit means being even more horny 24/7. Fuck that
I only care about mantaining physical wellbeing so I take long walks, do pull ups, jump rope. I'm uninterested in bodybuilding because I'm a 5'4 manlet anyway. Sports are off limits because I have weirdly slow/disfunctional reflexes and I can't even catch a ball or aim a throw.
Wtf you say? Manlets are the best in bodybuilding, since muscularity doesn't scale linearly with height, manlets look more massive having the same amount of muscle.
exercise is great but I usually get depressed in the winter and stop
The amounts of copium being consoomed in this thread are massive
Yes but what's the point? Being big and juicy is not going to fix my life. I did gym 3 years, I know.
if dubs I'll have muscular or at least fit wife
