How do I cope knowing this is true? It fits my experience perfectly.
By either moving on and finding meaning in shit other then pussy or kys. That's it, you need to accept your fucked and find a niche in the world to pass the time while it numbs the pain. If you can't and the pain never stops then kys since you've basically created a living hell and one you don't deserve.
I really wish I had an argument against the faggot OP but I don't. Because he's right. My mentall illness ruined my life.
The people who told you mental illness was real ruined your life lol. Literally anybody can fall for the tranime and video gaym meme.
How many times this image was posted ?
Nobody told me anything. It's just my own observations of myself, self reflection.
Lol, please shut the fuck up.
don't you faggots get tired of this shit
Well, it's the fucking truth faggot. If I could socialize I wouldn't visit this hellhole.
I didn't put a load of active effort into improving and landed with a dream woman. Sure, I missed out on teen love (KHV until 21) but I've got an amazing girlfriend now.
Does anyone have screencaps to the responses to that post?
Take the Black Pill, my son.
Once you stop caring, you stop hoping; then you stop worrying.
The Black Pill is nirvana.
black pill is disappointment
it's best to remain ignorant
that is the only way to be blissful
it's a cathartic vocalization of an existential fear that knaws away at the soul of every incel. Half the time the person is posting it in the vain hope that they'll finally have these fears eased rather than dismissed or reinforced
You have no argument. Most people with girlfriends did not need to self improve, whatever that even means.
This is retarded if you think about it for two seconds. There was a screencap of a longwinded responce to this, so someone post it.
The tl;dr was that people find meaning in the pursuit of a goal, not in having good things. If your aim is to be "average" you're doing it wrong. Aim to spend your time here in the most meaningful way possible instead of whining over shit you don't have control over
This. People don't improve or worsen in their lives. People live forever in the same state they arrived on this planet.
that's a lie. I can physically improve my living standards
It's literally impossible to improve anything. If you didn't know how to do something when you were a child, you will never get better at it.
My ex-gf helped me get off heroin and meth
that's sounds like some deep philosophical thought experiment that's detached from reality.
The part about normies not self improving is completely false, they just don't self improve in social interaction, since they already know how to do that.
But the guy in the pic did self improve. He went to practice he worked out, he won the big game and he probably asked the girl out.
It's just basic genetics. A low status, single male in 2023 has XX chromosomes and they will never become a real man.
you mean like driving a car right
fucking retard
I almost laughed
If you have car genetics then you will always be a master at driving, retard.
You almost didn't get blackpilled about the truth.
you must embrace the doomer meme until you consider yourself a cool psychological thriller character and no longer need other people
Why do you retards believe this obvious bulshit
It is the DEFINITION of demoralizing psyop bait
PEDO ALERT! PEDO ALERT! 
MOOOOOODS!
It's LITERALLY true. Missing out on teen love is one of the most psychologically and socially devastating things that can happen to you.
niggerhands typed this post
I had it. You're not missing out on much.
Everyone who has it says that
But I guarantee you not a single one would have given it up if they had the option to go back and do it again
You have no idea on what you could've missed out on had you not had it.
It's kind of easy to find a girlfriend if you want one.
Cringe, honestly. High school is 4 years of your life, at least two of which you have to spend getting rides from your parents to dates--or trying to fool around discreetly under their roof, or out in the bush or something.
You can't dignify that. It's not even living. I turned it down several times because it was garbage, and I recognized that as a preteen. You idiots are getting bent out of shape over not getting to indulge in something you were better off without. The second hand embarrassment is real.
How the fuck do I change my personality? Am I just supposed to create an entire persona around people who don't already know me? What about people who are autistic? It feels like it's impossible for me to undo everything that my environment has done to shape my personality
Picrel is only partially true. The issue is when "self-improvement" becomes an identity, almost a religion. There's nothing wrong with recognizing your shortcomings and making healthy decisions to improve upon them. But people who glorify self-improvement more often than not end up talking the talk without walking the walk. They just subscribe to self-improvement YT channels, subreddits, etc., and get stuck in the cycle of only taking the initial steps here and there to completely upend their lives, rather than being a reasonable human being and taking on a few doable lifestyle changes for their own same rather than to signal to society how chad they strive to be.
maybe it isnt important to you but high school is peak sovl. its the only time when you have barely any responsibility and could theoretically enjoy just socialising. adult dating is horrible when everybody considers the financial aspect and most women are whores. perhaps I am romanticising it, but when you take away even that, then what it comes down to is all of life being shit. in what ways is your life supposedly better now?
"if you didn't kiss a girl when you were 14 years, 5 months, and 1 week old you are a genetic dead end"
I didn't feel that way at 14 but I did feel a nagging sense that I was on the outside looking in. An observer while others were actors.
I knew I was a genetic deadend when the people I grew up were having kids of their own.
I graduated college without even going on a date. I first kissed a 25 year old woman a few years ago when I was 28 years old. I met her off a dating app.
Thinking back to my freshmen year of high school, a lot of guys were bragging about getting blowies and having sex at the time. Things might be different today with zoomers.
I wouldn't call it bait. I think it's demoralizing if you're in your 20s and haven't had any of these experiences yet. There's no question you missed out. It's important to get to the root cause, whether that's looks or social retardation or some combination thereof, and try to salvage the rest of your life.
However if someone is lurking on this forum and still in their teens, you have to get out of your comfort zone early. Maybe try to get on a High school sports team or something. You shouldn't be afraid of rejection. I was rejected several times and it put me off trying to meet girls. Rejection is a far better outcome than ending up in your mid 20s like me.
You would be better off reclusing to a library and learning some life skills to try and blow your youth on obtaining capital up to your late twenties just to make sure the majority of your adulthood is comfortable. Because that's the bulk of your life. A slightly above average adulthood is better than living the billionaire lifestyle in high school and then losing it.
just lower your standards lol. date ugly, undesirable women or single moms instead.
I see those women with guys who mog me.
You would be better off reclusing to a library and learning some life skills to try and blow your youth on obtaining capital up to your late twenties just to make sure the majority of your adulthood is comfortable. 
Retarded advice. You don't make money or land good jobs by being a recluse in a library. You do it by playing beer pong with the sons and daughters of company executives.
The guy that came up with the DOS operating system sold it for 50k to Bill Gates and Paul Allen because he lacked the connections with the IBM crowd. Bill Gates then sold it to the IBM executives.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nfgRf2A0Tc [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14vHaqEMvXA [Embed]
It could be worse, you could have been born in russia
there is plenty of places worse than russia, i assure you, ukraine being one of them lmao
This is one of the most important things that robots have to make. Social skills have a greater multiplier effect than knowledge/skills.
Look up the new russian draft law
And that pursuit of a goal is something that just happens to people. The drive and ambition isn't something they had to will themselves to do. They try the thing, they like the thing, they keep doing the thing, they improve at the thing, other people appreciate their ability to do the thing.
There's nothing retarded about it. You'll never out compete someone who enjoy what they're doing. They will be able to train harder, for longer, and get more improvement from less effort put into the task.
Absolute nonsense. You cannot seek meaning, and the greatest sense of meaning come from some of the most meaningless pursuits.
Pic related. You'll never see this kind of genuine emotional display from someone giving the commencement speech after graduating Summa Cum Laude or winning a Nobel Prize. You will however see it for something arbitrary and meaningless, like after they win a big tournament for a retro video game.
Yeah besides all the learning, homework, studying, deadlines, pressure to pass etc
Doesn't sound like freedom to me
Go find a chess grandmaster that didn't play when they were a kid. They don't exist. This is something that has been understood for over a century.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akiba_Rubinstein
"Rubenstein learned to play chess at the relatively late age of 14".
Dude, if you weren't a total fuck up you should have only had a half scheduled your Junior and Senior year.
I will admit, there's a perverse incentive for schools to restrict freedom and get asses in seats. They'll hide early college programs from the good students and push AP. They could have gotten 30-45 credits per year, instead they had to bust ass on their AP courses to get 9-12. The struggling students are difficult to deal with, so they disengage and just hope they don't show up.
The biggest travesty is covering up work and volunteer experience credits. 10% of my high school credits were earned volunteering at anime and video game conventions.
You're completely right. The only people who disagree are the ones who squandered their youth.
You're not romanticizing anything. School gossip and social shit keeps a lot of the exceptionally sexually degenerate behavior in check. Girls don't want to be known as sluts; and will actually date someone for an extended period of time before they ever consider having sex with them. It's actual love and connection to the person.
As an adult? Both sides pretty much feel obligated to fuck by the third date. Usually the same date they first kiss. No build up, no gradual escalation of intimacy. You can't reject a sexual advance and expect the relationship to continue, and high schoolers will at least wait a bit before they try to make that advance. Sexuality as an adult is automated and robotic; you just have to go through it hoping some kind of emotional bond blossoms out of it. (If you can even pass the automated filtering process)
People will try to bring up having money as an adult, but all that really means is that everything ceases to feel special. You have less, but man if you don't feel it more as a high schooler. Also, all your friends are poor too; so you have camaraderie.
Already one step ahead of ya, buddy.
Morbidly obese 0/10 foids in 2023 refuse to date anyone who isn't a 7ft tall 10/10 trillionaire with a six-pack who cooks, cleans, has a PhD/MD from Harvard, and who does 100% of all the work needed while she sits on her fat ass doing nothing.
Damn this is such an retarded argument. Ofc he fucking practiced but without his talent he wouldn't be Chad.
That's like saying but Messi practiced. Yes but without his talent he could practice all he want and he wouldn't be Messi.
Mike Tyson would never be what he was without his talent; Roger Federer also; Tiger Woods; Kobe; etc.
You can practice all you want but without talent you will fail.
Arnold would never be what he was without his genetics.
If you srsly think that only diff between pic related and average incel is practice you are beyond retarded.
So but muh Chard had to workout well no shit; others also work out and are still losers because they don't have Chard genetics.
Is the Boomer your favorite left for dead infected?
Is this a bot?
wouldnt have mattered if he were 5'4 and had bad genetics
you act like a 5'4 uggo such as yourself can't work hard and get a trophy wife.
People never understand the difference between work and effort. Work is the action, effort is the level of suffering chemicals released in your brain from doing the work. It doesn't matter how much you suffer doing the work, just that you do the work and get a good return on your investment (talent/genetics). There are people who are really talented at something they hate, so they don't pursue it.
Here's the thing, for some people and some activities doing the work releases no suffering chemicals. It's effortless. For the obsessed, it would be more effort to avoid practicing. I've won majors in my hobby, but not once did I ever have to will myself to practice. (But I did have to will myself to complete 15 minute homework assignments). The hobby consumed me and I loved every moment of the training. It was effortless, but I did put in the work. I put in more work than the people trying far harder, because my brain didn't have to burn from its limited supply of will power.
That's where the self help cultists get it all wrong. They tell people to embrace suffering. People seek to improve through shit that feels terrible expecting a payoff, then the payoff never comes. The more they're suffering, the more progress they must be making. They maximize the amount of effort they put in, rather than the amount of productive work.
It's miserable and ineffective. You have to find something cool/productive that you can do endlessly. Quite frankly, if you're sensitive to suffering you'll find more efficient ways of doing things and will often be far better off that the ultra try-hards.
try dating women who are actually sub8
This is the biggest anticope post ever, it's freeing.
Listen,
why would I be mad I have a shitty life knowing normies were born normal and I was born handicapped? Zero choice involved so why bother? It's like being angry you are not the sun or some shit
Let me phrase it even simpler,
why would I care you have it good, knowing it's not my fault I was born handicapped and you were born normal?
Yes, I just took all responsibility of my suffering away and blamed it on chance, genetics, low quality sperm making it to the ovary, and bad luck. What you gonna do about it?
This is a very important point. To some people, socializing takes a ton of effort for some and none at all for others.
This except I never really had hope and I never really regret anything. I know myself. There weren't any chance I could have got any of the normal things. Things like "you could have had a gf" or "you could have a non entry level minimum wage job" is simply not true.
Even when I was a kid I always imagined myself as the big fat ugly friend of the hero or dumb big servant of the bad guy. I wasn't even fat back then but there wasn't any other character I could relate to. Turns out I was wrong because those guys has a least one useful skill and they were useful at least once in the stories.
In highschool i had a girlfriend.
We never kissed or anything though because on our 2nd date i punched her in the face so hard 4 of her teeth fell out and her nose broke.
I think its called like cute aggression or something.
Basically when your brain finds something really sexy it wants to destroy it and i gave in to the urge for only 5 seconds and my life was ruined my gf left me,everyone looked at me weird and refused to talk to me and i never got another one because i was doomed to be the weird kid for the rest of my life just because of ONE MISTAKE gg.
26 year old KHV
Literally a fucking bot
this is exactly what rich kids say about having money
pic related is no different from the trappings of poverty
So true, like guys saying "if you ask enough women 1 will say yes" but how is 300+ women rejecting you then 1 saying yes considered a win in any way?
Plus it means you are settling for whoever says yes vs a woman you've naturally clicked with and got on with which is impossible when women barely even let you talk to them
Self improvement because you're interested in being best version of yourself you can be is based.
Self improvement because you want to get pussy is cringe and gay.
That's exactly what the OP is saying. Chad didn't hit rock bottom and have to reevaluate how he's supposed to unfuck his life, he just went with the cultural flow of his friends and family like every other kid, and got lucky due to talent and/or good friends/family.
No incel bitch
https://youtu.be/mC34TSXNKiY [Embed]
This is still one of the best images on the internet.
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And NDErs talk about how life is like a video game or a simulation and you actually chose to come here. So you are playing the dating game on a higher difficulty level than most people anon.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
Nope it isn't true incel
The light is archons' lie.
t. Never did varsity sports
It's a fuckin' joke. They're all drinking booze and eating pizza on the weekends. Always showing up late to practice or just not showing up. The qualification for Offensive and defensive lines is to literally just be fat.
There's only about 750 students in the average American high school. Half are male, that leaves 375. Less than half are upper classmen, leaving behind about 175 candidates for varsity. You need 40-50 to fill out a full team. Even if every upper class male tried their best, the varsity squad would only represent the top quarter of people at the school.
It's fucking disgraceful. It's why you have all the scandals with people signing up for teams they're ineligible for based on residence. You simply can't field a viable high school football team by selecting just from a single school district/tract.
You realize if there's no barrier other than 'just show up' to entry than the OP image falls apart right?
Explain how? The OP said that these people didn't have to try. They just thought it would be fun, showed up, and went with the societal flow. I just put the numbers behind it.
I'm just saying that it's not strictly genetic to make varsity. Most losers are only guilty of one thing, believing all demoralization propaganda and not running the numbers/trying shit for themselves.
apples to oranges; commencement speeches are prepared long in advance, these people likely would have a burst of excitement when being told they would receive these prizes, you see the excitement at a tourney because you see the moment they win
Alternatively, you could see what an actual valedictorian has to say about it.
https://youtu.be/T76FdtKreNQ [Embed]
Not worth it. Not meaningful enough compared to other things he passed on.
Same caption anon. I seethe over it every waking moment.
Same for me, the people who psychologically abused me since i was a 1 year old to my early 20s are right now living their life without problems or worries, following their dreams, going on dates, traveling and focusing on themselves, being confident, having hobbies etc etc etc, while I'm here, a 24 year old schizoid with no capacity to love or have commitment to any tipe of relationship, even with family, and the worst is that I'm not that ugly, i have had average looking girls ask for my number and even managed to attract some milfs but yeah my mind is absolutely fucked that i can't even pretend that i care for people.
OP I know your pain. I recommend 100ccs of cute dog to lift your spirits.
That dog is an incel. The midface is too long.
It's the one oldest breed known to man and a female.
The average person already had a decent existence. It was normal for them to have a family that was loving and supportive. They were guided to develop confidence and a good amount of self esteem within themselves without even thinking about it. They never had to think about what comes naturally, except it wasn't natural, they were lucky and they cannot understand, and so have little tolerance for, people who aren't like them. We are all social animals, some are much better at it than others. Sometimes this is because of genetics, sometimes it is because of circumstances. Self improving is an absolute must for those of us who have had to teach ourselves the basic human shit other people take for granted. There's no shame in it. Some of us didn't just get to exist and have nice things happen to us. We had to think about survival. If you're able to think about just existing now then don't let anything stop you or bring you down.
what is the rock inside of my shoe?
why is there a yarmulke on top of you?
who whines by night and demoralizes by day?
Oh anon, it's a jewpost - cast him away!
