I'm gonna have to go to prison for 3 months for the 1st time in my life this year. When exactly is not sure but it's a process that's gonna take some months. They allowed me to go to a psychiatric clinic first to fix my mind and then sit my time behind bars. For reference I'm a white male in his early 20s that's living in Switzerland, which means I won't go to a hardcore US prison where it's modern slavery because our system actually aims to rehabilitate people, but being caged sucks anyway
hwhat did you do?
Sleep with your back to the wall, just to be safe
tell us what you did and we will help you.
So basically there was this group of 3 guys that wanted to rob and beat me up (I got already beat up and robbed by them 2 times before), but this time I had my knife with me and I slashed one in the neck (without wanting to do so), I just wanted them to disperse, which worked, but at the price of getting myself stabbed the next day as well as receiving a hefty fine because you're not allowed to defend yourself in cucked Switzerland.
Also I already told this story like 4 times in the past months but I'm too lazy to search up, so I'm gonna keep it to keywords. Don't have energy to tell the whole story in full again
Take roids and fighting lessons to get big so no one would want to mess with you. I dont know what are prison rules in Switzerland but there are caste rules here in eastern euro so read on it. Basically the common stuff like not taking any thing from other inmates.
Learn to shoot loads really far as it is your only special attack
Did it feel badass? What color were the robbers?
2 niggas 1 turk
Shit anon, that's awful to hear. How long is the sentance? If it's less than a couple years you should be fine, but if it's longer, you're pretty fucked.
My brother are you even reading the post? 3 months
Bro is going into a minimum security prison where the worst hell get is high school hazing. Places like that are filled with sentences 18 months and less. Ain't nobody gonna risk getting hit with assault charges when they're only looking at half a year in the first place.
Learn how to hide things in your asshole to smuggle stuff like they do in American prisons
