St Albans edition
Based town OP poster
have decided to break my /britfeel/ hiatus and post here again for one thread and one thread only waheeey
having a sausage sarnie
proper fighting food
then i'm going to go out and cause a scene
How long before Footspacker is backj posting his grim fetish porn
Get in deerre Leeds
Every day we above ground is a great day
My ex is from there his name is Christian please murder him
Have you ever walked past this sign Soundspacker?
Nanny hates fetish porn spammers
Femanon or gay?
can i ask what became of some old personalities here or will that be dragging up old namefag drama etc
WFH chad reporting in
Fem doesnt matter just get rid of him
https://voca.ro/14SdtisoVvHf
Your voice sounds familiar
Wank from Home? Based x
Fuck off spam faggot. 
Which anon humiliated you, little child?
That face has been put through a filter kek
I dread to think what he really looks like
I remember the first time I saw this I thought it was women who had dicks surgically attached. Some kid at school straight up admitted being into shemales and showed us pictures. We were too confused to call him gay despite it being 2007
filter is minor that's mostly ffs and makeup lad
I am a wank from home chad also. Truly is the life to live.
While I am a full-on gooner I do think the lad spamming the thread could chill out a bit; images should be reserved for general apu posting, posts of note that benefit from a pic or choicely selected gooner/coomer posts e.g. the GOON MORNING guy and Footlad.
Hope SSM is enjoying his meal out with Helen
alright just going to ask and you can ignore this if you want
what became of
Whatever happened to Zeus? When was the last time he posted here?
Might have a cheeky beer tonight after work
unless i'm muddling him up wasn't he a bit of a bellend
Does anyone have those drawn pics of Moni where his nose is getting bigger and bigger like a pokemon evolving? Was scouring through me folders the other day but couldn't see them. They were peak content.
Nah he was sound, just a bit dim. I think anon lads bring out the worst in people though by trying to rile up people like him.
I will look in more old feeler lore folder
corr would love to sit on her cock 
no homo
Lad you gay x
gotcha i never really spoke to him tbf
vaguely remember some sort of radio/podcast thing around the time i left with a lot of drama tied to it
and associate him with that but might be getting confused
Holy shit, flid just got doxxed.
I thought it was foot lid, didn't realise it's because of his mental deformity.
Does anyone have that pic of SSM holding a hammer to the camera? It must be quite old because he still has a decent hairline
Why the mask? Why the mentally ill trannies and feminists?
https://youtu.be/z71beoBaW3g [Embed]
Monkey on a meltdown again. It funny.
Tell us some stories about your sister. Why does your mum love her more than you?
Weird looking hammer
I love being bisexual because I can look at that and say 'damn, that's hot watching her suck that cock' and also 'damn, that's hot I wish I was sucking that giant fat cock'
Footlad wants to shag his BBW sister
He's fucked up in the head
Called a nonce by these low iq goons. Not fucking right!
https://youtu.be/0bA1L8PHm0s [Embed]
Here mate, but please cool it with the spam yeah?
Also
FUCKING LMAO
ebin left long ago.
Thank Christ. He was a giant faggot.
Here is the original de leeds
Audit from home chad here.
Loool gets me every time
Fooling nobody spammong. Which ex personopfbanality are you?
i sometimes check his blog but it's private now
before it was he was unravelling a bit
hope he's alright 
cackling
Just eat have said they can't give me a refund. Total cunts what the fuck
Haha, spam mong can't multitask.
How long till the horsebox routine?
Broadbridge is having a bad Monday kek
Well I mean, can you justify why you deserve a full refund? Like was the meal not delivered as advertised?
I forgot about the QMEE gimmick kek
It isn't a gimmick lad
It's Swanny's income
xD
A new low even for you Mark
Maybe he wasn't deemed worthy enough, and that is why he's so salty?
Pot Noodles on for FREE if that's alright with you
F1nn will never do actual lewds, lad, don't hold your breath. I looked at a free version of his onlyfans and holy shit it's disappointing. It's literally just the same tame stuff he posts for free on his twitter but with a few extra shots and some bulges here and there. 
Who the fuck pays for that crap?
Can was damages and spilt all over the food, couldn't eat the chips because they were soaked. Plus part of the order was wrong. Was only a tenner, but it's the principle init
makes sense would explain why his knickers are permanently twisted
Imagine calling those pigs in your time of need and then one comes and rapes you. Scumbags.
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-devon-65300268
Some men just like the idea of having a personal interaction with these thots/pornstars
HAHAHAHAHAAH ENJOY YOUR SOGGY CHIPS YOU FUCKING FAGGOT. I was just baiting to get you to reveal how sad and pathetic you must've been to give up your hard-toiled wagie cash to some paki peddling his goyslop only for it to arrive soaked in sugar-water and half of it to not be there.
I keep getting asked why I don't have an onlyfans and the reason is because the only goods to show is my dick and I'm not into that. F1nn doesn't even have breasts so all he can do is just be another naked twink jerking off on camera.
Same with Camii. Nothing worse seeing on her OnlyFans. If I'm going to simp for a trap I want to see them wanking and nutting
*worth
you've unironically done him, lad, he DOES seem sad and pathetic now
Samefag changing his posting style
Sad!
Totally lame and pathetic. If you're on OnlyFans then make it worth while i.e. put out regular decent ACTUAL porn. I cannot stand the crop of OF creators who think that it's just a money tap that they don't have to work for. So lazy and lame. Just make porn ffs.
All those girls into him and he rejects them for a prank. You can't get a single one.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TikTokCringe/comments/12omroh/rejecting_girls_based_on_their_star_sign/
See this is exactly what I was talking about here >>72988842 I put all this effort into dressing up feminine and growing tits and all guys ever ask for is dick pictures.
True Chad desu
BBC is real. Women love the Tyrones hitting on them.
I'll never understand why trannies cut their dicks off. Who wants a dickless tranny?
You say you guys. I'm a guy, I don't want to see you or any tranny. I
Haha, you're salty af.
If you ran outside the house naked and kept going, how long would it take for your enjoyment to be brought to an end? I'm guessing it would be twenty minutes for me as I live in an urban area.
It's a LUSH. And I mean LUSH x
of course I am, shows you how women only care about looks
You absolute, unmitigated faggot
i honestly reckon i could go multiple days. 20 minutes and i'm out of town in the forest. i'd be a naked wild man
Sat eating a curry in Japan rn de lads.
It took you 10 minutes to create that?
she'd soon dump her puny white bf for a jacked up tyrone. he will have his heart broken someday.
I thought you were dead Smirnoff
Enjoy lad x
Shame we can't do that despite it all being legal. The old public order would get used.
does ruthmong really work as a night watchman?
Ruth took down 1 more video recently. Wonder why.
No I'm a full time neet with no gf. There's no point working if you can't get love.
I'm busy gooning, lad. I'm not some sad cunt who stays in britfeel all day constantly refreshing to see if someone responds to me.
Ruth's from York (one of the best cities to live in).
It not right
You're obsessed with black willies. Stop fooling yourself with pretending to find these ethots attractive.
That isn't Ruthposter. He doesn't type in lowercase
Real shame Ruth has to take down videos and YouTube can fuck off with its AI moderation.
I rememeber the one where she said she was going to Scotland. Some little simp commented and said be aware of creeps and then it got deleted. That was a good one too. I have got it still.
Why would a woman want a man with no money
You'll never get a gf without a job lad
Why would a woman want some man working at a warehouse for peanuts? Your job defines you. Girls perceive you as boring if you aren't doing an exciting job. It's best to just stick with being neet if you are no better off with relationships.
Fuck off Footmong
New side character?
Life shouldn't be defined by relationships people will say. A lot of men would drop out of working if they weren't getting relationships though. They couldn't cope slaving knowing they are not going to be loved. Being incel should be a valid reason for getting disabilitybuxx. It fucks you up mentally.
Closerlad didn't even finish the last thread for us
Lazy!
I'm going to be miserable working anyway. I'll have more money but not love. I really don't care about buying nice things or going places when I can't find love. Mind you I couldn't go anywhere anyway on a minimum wage slave job.
Why would she date someone as fat as mark?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhiy8e-jAuQ [Embed]
Would've been funny if he'd made 80-odd posts just describing gorgeous women.
Freshly baked new bread me leeds get in there yeee
The Scotland video she did have quite a noticeable wonky eye. she may have felt insecure about it even though no lad would care about that. that's the only other explanation.
A weak gimmick that rarely appears, unless you, who I'm guessing half arsed the gimmick, mentions it.
Her dad has put the internet filter on the isp and her phone so she can't look at adult sites like this anymore.
I'm actually the 'real' Closerlad but I couldn't be arsed to do it anymore. Proof attached I suppose.
Ok I believe you
Life is complete
For a while there was a lad saying closerlad was in prison, as if he knew the lad. You know anything about that?
At the end of the day she shouldn't stop her hobby when she has so many supportive people out there. It's not right and shows weakness. Trolls love that. I hope she gets back to making asmr regularly someday. She'd have 100k subscribers by now.
When you getting drunk and scratching yourself? flid lad?
Thank fucking GOD that we aren't speaking German, right?
No idea, I haven't been posting regularly but haven't been to prison either so you can class that as utter bollocks.
We will be soon, see >>72989299
Spamming faggot is furious he was never accepted as a personality.
Kek, if you had anything of worth about you, people would have been interested. Instead you angrily spam a thread.
Kek.
Laurel dreams is an attractive woman in her 20s. You're jealous of her easy life. The fact she can just whisper into a microphone and get attention bothers you.
Spamfag can eat my arsehole and get plastered in my jizz... except he'd probably enjoy those things.
FTFY, you obsessed faggot.
You spaff into your own arsehole?
Bit gay.
'KIN 'ELL I JUST WANT MY NOB SUCKED BY A CUTE GIRL IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK?!?!?!
Stop posting that greasy goblin
Christ
Oh, have people been posting your sister?
A cute girl with a penis?
Kek, you done him Ruthlad
The only scent I want is a females.
I'm not jealous. I was born male. There is nothing I can do about it. Females get love and support easily in every aspect of life. That's why female asmr is the most popular. You have other females who treat them like besties and lonely males who simply love the faux connection they have with them (often those who would be seen as unattractive irl).
I literally would not care so long as they're cute and give good, sloppy head and give it enthusiastically.
No I'm not. I'm a longterm neet because of being incel.
You're boring, spam mong.
Not as sad as foot mong.
/britfeel/ has done a number on you. It funny, seeing you reee.
Did someone say tattooed penis-girl?
Cheers x
You delusional faggots are equals.
It funny.
Some saddo seems to think all my asmr chicks look like goblins. The fuck is wrong with him? Even said it about Ruth.
They are just trying to get a rise out of you lad
Your ASMR girls look fine
You're here all day every day spam mong. 
Obsessed with a thread online, which you'll never defeat. /britfell/ has done you in.
I am doing jury service but they said I'm on call and don't need to come in until I am called in. 
Does this mean I get to go back to work like normal on that days I'm not called in?
My employer just said I can go do jury service but nothing else
Ruth has 16k subscribers and does nothing. Meanwhile other asmr girls who post regularly are struggling to get more than 5k subscribers.
Dance for us spamming monkey, you're too predictable.
Thanks man. They're clearly jealous zoomer lads because these girls are out of their league.
Insta?
insert pointless text
As if I'd drink alcohol to numb my emotions. Fuck off weak cunt.
Why doesn't footlad off himself?
Sorry mate. He's here to collect photons. Jog on.
https://youtu.be/h9TpzRpuiDI [Embed]
Your sister is twice the man you'll ecmver be.
It funny.
He probably will one day. He said he was at A&amp;E yesterday after an episode.
He's a faggot. No balls, his trainers are more manly than him.
damn, you're annoying as shit mate but gotta say these two are *chefs kiss*, got sauce for a nigga?
He's an attention seeking histrionic little faggot.
Might go on a nightwalk and chase lone women. You?
He'll be spamming all night.
That Gregg gives me nonce vibes. Likes his girls much younger than him.
How retarded are you? Seriously.
If he can bag a girl a lot younger than him then why did he pick an ugly one?
She may be 36 but he is like twenty years older. That's the equivalent of me dating a 13yo.
It takes a special kind of girl to put up with an obnoxious slaphead like that. I'm sure she only is in it for his wealth.
fucking hell, imagine having to suck his tiny little nob just to get dinner in some fancy restaurants
women are pathetic
haha, you're just a low quality griefing babby
SSM did actually gamble on Saturday's Grand National. 
He put a bet on Hill Sixteen, the horse that broke its neck and had to be put down. 
It so sad
Inside the Factory is propaganda to get more people working in warehouses and factories. They make it seem like so much fun doing repetitive shit all day. Someone's got to do it I suppose but automation thankfully will take over most of those jobs.
HHHHAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHHAA that's a decade past the wall, lad
fuck me can she even have kids any more, at least ones that aren't guaranteed downies?
/projectionfeel/
We all crave BBC in life x
still got a better body than Josh lmao
All that wealth and he still can't get a woman in her prime. Goes to show how much of an annoying twat he must be to endure.
They are. Gold-digger bitches most.
A poor man's Gregg.
Have you ran out of tranny spam images?
SSM poster is completely unconnected to tranny spam poster lad
Never change, /britfeel/
Why do you think that everyone is the same poster? Do you suffer from Autism?
cheeky hiit workout and some dinner then we in bed for a wank and some ancient history docs 
so get in gdeeeeeerg my leeeeeed x
Starting a new folder are we?
BritNormie often makes a cup of coffee and immediately throws it down the sink, because he can. What a Chad
Okay, Sissy Joyce is a based choice, even if it is spam. She's the most utterly committed sissy I've ever seen. Full on permanent hair removal and HRT. She's going for it.
Shippy often makes a cup of coffee and immediately throws it down the sink, because he can. What a Chad
Notice how it's mostly ugly men and women working in these places. Goes to show no attractive person would ever endure it.
seasideMARK often...
Ah can't be bothered
SSM often trades in a gadget to cex and immediately buys it back at a significantly higher price, because he can. What a Chad
The bald manlet makes my blood boil. Who the fuck honestly likes him? That post-wall Cherry girl with bug eyes also needs to go.
He enterpenoor de lad
Had 3 wanks before noon this morning, really fucked up my brain fog for the afternoon
He work for Ti Ti TikTok
All this daytime TV posting has made me remember how much I love Natasha off Bargain Hunt or whatever
INCREDIBLE
fuck that bald freak.
woggles the mind heh
He's furious with Gregg off Masterchef. He doesn't like seeing him on his televicion screen.
Do you wish you had two G's in your name too
Just eat are unshaken in their decision not to refund me. Disgraceful tyrants of the fast food ordering industry.
Why did you want a wefund lad
I once got a credit from them when the driver delivered my food to one of my neighbours by mistake
Get in dee Iad
Ordered kfc, got half the food wrong and a can of 7up Leaked over the chips and they were wet. Sent pics and everything. Didn't eat it. Looked minging too. A tenner it was
Lucky fella you. Didn't even offer me that. Completely ignored me several times abojt the wrong order bits
if spam mong goes to image posting I will be most pleased
But lad, you're the mong who is spamming the thread
lifting weights and getting a sweat on listneijg to sabaton 
PWHOAR get in
https://www.tiktok.com/@seasidemark_dorset/video/7223059008280644870
Wimpy Wimpy all the way its Wimpy Wimpy all the way. Guess where he's gone? He's gone to Wimpy hasn't he? He's gone to Wimpy he has, he's gone to Wimpy. Wimpy Wimpy all the way
https://youtu.be/afzKFLnaPvc [Embed]
Gift cards and money coming on strong from his fans. He got dedicated fan base. Seaside Army not let Mark down. We all dig deep for are Mark. That's a lovely isn't it? That's a lovely.
And I mean lovely.
get in there advertising mong is at it again cooooor get indgeeeer holiday coming on strong and 4 times longer
They bored of him already?
XXL all the way
thinking of applying to join the RAF lads
as an officer
thoughts?
proofs?
What did (You) get Mark for his birthday?
Sent him a tenner in a card de lid. What did you get him?
It a lovely
If that's alright with you
Sent him a card with some money. Cunt didn't even make a video
Der greubensfuhrer
3 T-shirts, a candle and 40 pound John Lewes gift card and took him out for a burger at Wimpy
Phwoar just got uppington me
He prerecorded the video and posted it later because he was terrified SSME would phone up Wimpy try and get him banned kek
its the sort of thing he would do too
1455 and 1461
We should just call him mong. If it's not spam, it's being an actual mong. He's a bigger joke than a tripfag.
Saw laurel dreams at Hyde Park a while ago.
Playing some Neil Young on the guitar if that's alright with you lads?
He should've got the Oscar for Philadelphia. Not right.
Cheeky vocaroo my lad?
Wurst jockey
FUCKS SAKE, FIX THIS SHIT NOW, GOD I FUCKING HATE THIS SHIT ASS COUNTRY.
Aggressive cunt tried to take his mask off. Look at them clown world npcs going on about women's rights but can't respect people who cover their faces up for privacy in public.
https://youtu.be/z71beoBaW3g [Embed]
just shit in the toiket de lads so fucking get in there
need a hhl dinner update pronto
big up The Laughing Auditor
Film your face in public and post it online. Don't like it? Wear a mask.
Oh go on then
https://voca.ro/18psDunEAJX5
Time for some din-dins i fink
https://youtu.be/mbTp1vlRqYA?t=45 [Embed] 
defiance in the eyes
like his father
at the tail end you shall experience codeine 200mg which transforms into morphine
(me on a ferry from mariehamn &lt;aland islands> to stockholm)
Lovely bromance developing between AB and TLA
Hope we get some collaborations
god you look so cute Mihai x
Thats class mate 
I tried to learn the guitar when at school but gave up too quickly
our boy mak having some beers from the boot to celebrate mark's 49th birthday so fucking get in there my leeeeeeeds
Fockin piece o' shidd tomato juice just squirted all over me screen glasses
Hafta deepclean them again now, great really
Cheers lad. Guitar is really great, I haven't been playing too long but I feel like it's my calling, it's one thing in my life where i never ever get bored of it. I play all day, everyday when Im working and when I'm not I'm thinking about it
Here's some of a silly love song I made today
https://voca.ro/15sUfM9GzrNX
https://youtu.be/z71beoBaW3g?t=916 [Embed]
Mate its a public park
aw ty
just you know i used to pick strawberries as a somewhat job between islands
and alands has a lot
so i cycled a lot and listened to my creative zen v plus player, and bridges lifted up to allow for ships
best time of my life
What a clown. Saddos can't even respect anyone's rights whilst trying to defend against rights of their causes. Glad that pig put him straight for once.
Nice little song that lad. I think you're the same lad who posted his youtube channel here ages ago
Just watched TLA's version. He even has female fans who recognise him now. Get in there. Women get wet for guys who stand up for their rights.
You can't stop the Seaside Army my lad if that's alright with you?
Rights to film in public will not be squashed. Mask up boys to stop cambacks.
Late for work this morning. This will never do, but I did me run. Didn't do as well today but that's okay cause I was achey from before.
I'm thinkin' of playing around on a virtual synth and starting a womfey new house build in Minecraft.
Gonna sleep well tonight lads! 
Comfy all the way! All the way all the way!
SSM just fell down on stream.
In fucking tears
any link mate?
seasideMARK is dead, yay!!!! Let's all have a party lads!!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WCQwNf9UpA [Embed]
got you mate, just found it.
Why didn't you songrel to work?
https://youtu.be/iIpfWORQWhU [Embed]
Strong look for are SSM
Would be an hour and half of cycling. Me legs would shatter.
i watched lock stock and two smoking barrels tonight a womfy film good stuff
Think of how many wheelies, and jumps off speed bumps you could do. Surely the end justifies the means on this 1?
Proper good din-dins and supplementshires those were
The gentlemen is a good guy ritchie film. His new 1 is meh.
Hopefully it doesn't give you shittingtons.
So enjoyed the gentleman lad yeah 
snatch is a class one but I will be watching his new one tomorrow night with Aubrey
Aye that's me lad guitar lad, occasionally post the soundcloud
Wonder how mu Makaveli spends per week on wooze. I wouldn't be surprised if he spends up to 70% of his bennies on wooze.
Fart poo
Poo fart
Piss
Piss
Turd juice
Brits are the lowest testosterone users on 4chan
I don't like working. Its really tedious and feel like the low pay to effort is sucking my soul away.
Really wish I was rich so I wouldn't need to keep working. I'm tried of it and I'm 23 so it feels like its going to be forever before retirement and even getting a house in london feels like a pipe dream.
Become a neet especially if you can't get girlfriends.
I was a neet for 5 years prior and got a low wage IT job after trying many times. 
I can't become neet since I live alone and wouldn't be able to pay rent on just what the government gives me and my future will be even worse.
It feels trapped and seriously a money issue that can only save me from working and the pressure of it
I want to be a MILF's obedient footslave
accidentally told a taxi driver I was going away for two weeks and he said "interesting"
he knows my home address. how likely am I to be robbed while im away?
Love sniffing sweaty female arse me
didn't meant to reply to this, soz
Will soundspacker impregnate the gf? Find out in the summer season of /britfeel/
Can one of you lovely talented lads photoshop the blue dog toy out the mouth so it looks like they're smiling cheers
People in /brit/ say that London is bad, but I think it's great. Pic related is why it's great.
Christ can smell the diseases from here 
no thanks
I'll give it a go.
Have a boogie for a bit and I'll see if I can.
https://youtu.be/v4azbl96BJY [Embed]
lads all alone and feeling gay
I went through a similar thing around your age. Also work in IT but 10 years older. It's a bitter pill to swallow but it gets easier as you progress and each time you get a raise you become more entrenched but slightly less miserable for a short period. I'm on 45k now and it's nice to be able to buy anything I want without worrying about it. You just get used to it, no advice other than keep on keeping on until the conditioning takes. Also I use a lot of drugs so that probably helps.
it is for gay men 
SAD!
Cheers lad, good tune an all
Check'd and I may have bitten off more than I can chew'd. 
The quality will probably be somewhere between, embarrassingly shit - kill yourself, that's shit. But we'll see what happens.
any chance you could photoshop marks bulbous face instead of the vagina 
cheers
Me? Having a wuppa and a BLT sandwich. It's a lovely x
On that wuppagrund tonight my leeeeds
Sames de lid. It's a lush, and I mean LUSH x
Didn't even buy any wooze at the shoppington earlier.
Anything is appreciate lad, and better than I can do
That's nice, but I'd wait till the finished product.
This is it so far, and there's bits wrong, but I'll persevere.
Fuck sake lads accidentally got a bit drunk and stoned. Well the stoned wasnt accidental but the drunk was. Got to be semi decent at work tomorrow. At least coworker is back from her holiday, takes the pressure off me a little bit. 
Need to eat some stodge to soak up the booze over the next 10 hours
Summer's on its way, boys!
Can't wait to get the paddle board out and go in the sea
Garn hopefully die in my sleep tonight
Might do the same
Based Taftaj enjoyer
Good lad. 
We all fresh start in life x
Can see her HRT patch
Porn spammers should just cut out the middle man and start meeting up to suck and fuck each other we all know that's what you really want
Yep. Life's better without the wrugs and the wooze. Treated meself to a new cap today waheyy.
It's all coming up seaside for us de lid. Cheers x
It great
lol wish helper would gloat less about his new "wrug" and "wooze" free life. 
you know what they say, pride before the fall and that.
its certainly happened to helper before
fucking hate work me, wish I could fuck it off and go full HHL mode but the mrs won't let me
tell her shes being homophobic
Yo>u expect a narcissist to have any redeeming qualities
ngmi
I think it's not necessarily the images being spammed, it's just spamfag being an annoying faggot, regardless of what he's posting.
Also, it's definitely not 1 spammer, even though all spam has vanished. Not even 1 post of it.
What a sad cunt he is.
And you cunts are sadder, just allowing it, then fucking off as well. Rats from a drowning ship, springs to mind.
Yeah sure, being a bitter 4chan shut-in is way better than getting with girls, right?
This thread has hit image limit so here's a new thread
Lmao
https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/snooker/65305903
Cope and seethe you daft cunt.
Fiest time I ever searched for porn was sex.com
It just redirected to Los Angeles LGBT centre. Bet they are well chuffed they got that domain
Just checked and it redirects the 'Los Angeles LGBT center'
That domain is probably worth 100k easily
He's spamming the thread and trolling the catalogue by constantly making new threads when there's no need, just so he can keep spamming.
Jannies don't care, but shouldn't stop you reporting it.
Sim day and night?
Its really baffling. I remember posting a single BBC pic in /britfeel/ a few years ago and was banned for 3 days
There's a couple I know that have a child ok the way, they seem so immature though. Wonder how that'll pan out, they both watch anime all day
I would say 75% of the time I post a soijak I get banned for it, occasionally a warning if I'm lucky
Used to have a lot of respect for the janny and would always serve bans rather than reset the router, but if this shit is allowed to pass Shan't be doing that in the future
The trick is to just stay in this thread now that the coomer mong can't post filth.
Whsat ISP are you on that allows router reset to change IP?
