i love you all! i know you are likeable and deserve love, i know you will find someday! hopefully with me!
hopefully with me!
Are you at least a biological woman?
Kill yourself please do it now
biofem, indeed
biofem, indeed
Pls love me then
i will love you forever, anon
i will love you forever, anon
I wish that were true, fren. It is still a nice sentiment though. Love you too
it is true, i do love you!
you're so sweet and adorable, you'll find a girl that will love you one day, that girl just isn't me... and every other girl I know... because it just so happens we're all sharing the same men tee hee
:/
Last girl who tried to support me as an incel I took the oussy from her.
i can prove that wrong anon, that girl can, and hopefully will be me!
it is true, i do love you!
But you don't even know me. How can you love someone you don't know?
l'm almost 30. l don't like my chances.
that girl
girl
Anon... you're not a girl :/
i know you are an incel and i know you do not get enough love and affection in your day-to-day, that makes me love you. not out of pity, but because i know you deserve it.
i also think the peepos you use are cute.
If you're a bio fem, which country? I want to see if you're for real
Yeah but you're probably a million miles away, femanon. How would you give me love and affection?
i also think the peepos you use are cute.
Apu is very cute. I like him a lot
Based whitepill thread
im from the usa, sadly
i will cross a thousand oceans and a million miles.
Please go away you are the reason things are like this
i love you too op
very based
Where in the USA?
Thanks. There's someone else I really love, but I appreciate the sentiment. 
Best of luck to both of us.
i will cross a thousand oceans and a million miles
Well, you might have to go that far. I live in Texas and you? We could talk if you want, I just don't like the idea of being friends with someone that lives so far away that I'll probably never see them in person
sis, girls who pander to ugly moids have serious internalized misogyny issues going on. seek help
Yes, god forbid a woman is ever nice to us. Go away
a woman showing love and compassion
"she must hate herself and her kind"
not everyone is poisoned like (You), sis
Hey, a woman can hate herself without being a misogynist you fucking loser.
aww thank you
you are very sweet I love you too 
thank ytfor making my day better ^^
What if I'm not incel? Am I still likeable?
t. khhv
there's a difference between being nice and saying "i'll love an ugly man". incels are ugly men and really, the honest truth is, i'd rather kms than date an ugly moid
i'm honest but you're just a gaslighter. you're gonna ghost any guy who turns out be a real incel, you want an eboy who is "incel" for the aesthstic, not a real ugly moid. you're not any different from all of us, "sis"
What if I'm not incel?
t. khhv
Anon....I..
im from virginia! its not too far!!
of course!! i am so glad you feel better!
Or, y'know, "she" is a troon.
Not an incel, but thanks anyway, i'm just lazy. Have a good day all!
Im a lazy incel. Git good kid
i'm honest but you're just a gaslighter. you're gonna ghost any guy who turns out be a real incel, you want an eboy who is "incel" for the aesthstic, not a real ugly moid. you're not any different from all of us, "sis
Based
