Why are so many women taking the shota pill these days?
bcuz their husband is old, fat, hairy, gross
It seems like women are even bigger pedos than men.
All these are normalfag women too, so god knows how perverted fembots are.
women are now very lonely and desperate because of the sexual marketplace they have created.
Dating, relationships, and sex now work exactly as women decided to make them work. And it turns out this leads to chronic loneliness, pedophilia, and desperation in women.
These women were no doubt all in various chad harems thinking he was the "one" and this particular gigachad would surely be the one to marry them.
Then when they got old and ugly and it hadn't happened they realized they were out of time and went mentally insane and became pedos from the pressure of loneliness. 
Women can't handle being lonely, men can. Its as simple as that.
cope moid. younger guys are just way hotter than 25+ balding postwall haggots.
imagine having free teacher pussy handed to you then snitching and ruining it for the other boys. I hope the tattle tails get bullied
Usually its not the boy himself, its usually that he tells one of his friends and brags about it and then the friend gets jealous and rats him out.
like pottery.
Every policeman I ever met was a shameless cuckold
I lost the article but there was a case where a teacher was grooming some 13 year old kid and made him get her pregnant. police got involved and literally nothing happened to her. She didn't get put on a sex offender registry or anything straight up got away with child molestation.
happened in burgerland I think
Did you know 98% of reported rapes dont lead to a conviction? Rape has one of the lowest conviction rates of any crime, regardless of perpetrators sex.
because white men age like milk
oh
I thought it was just a jap thing
I don't know, but we need to increase it
sounds like he is a gossipy woman
Wasn't there also a case where the kid got her pregnant and he was forced to pay child support?
Where's the mayor picture?
I had a teacher that we were pretty sure was a pedo, but he was patient enough to get around it. He would teach senior year classes then invite his favorite students to dinner to talk after they graduated then fuck them while they wore their school uniform
Aren't most of those actually 16-17 years old tall football players and not little boys?
Or your neet son suddenly starts smelling like tea and perfume and has gifts from his sugar momma
.t girl groomer
t. child predator
It's been happening for centuries.
Women realised men are useless for anything other than sex so now the only thing valuable about male is also youthful beauty and virile hormone pumped cock.
Whore. Whore never changes.
Would they? Or do they only like actual underage?
Is this more common than male teachers?
I guess guys are what, more inclined to drive to some random house a few hours away?
Damn imagine how traumatised that 15 year old chad is...
women are mostly attracted to the people they spend a lot of time around, but nowadays women are shut ins who don't spend time around men
it's the same reason why they fuck dogs
With male teachers, only a few women do it. But it's a pretty universal flex to fuck your teacher as a highschool guy.
Because teenage boys are hot, healthy, fertile and full of hormones. Next question.
i hope the foids itt apply the same reasoning to the 14-17yo girls who have consensual sex with their male teachers.
I thank God my country isn't as degenerate as burgerland but sometimes i can't help but feel envous toward you guys cuz having whore infestation can sometimes be really fun like in this example.
No. Female pedophilia is based and a victimless crime. Male pedophilia is disgusting and moids who engage in it should be killed.
Based. My favorite kink is getting cucked or cockblocked by some absolute cringelord of a kid who packs an overdeveloped fuckstick and has infinite stamina in bed
I fucking wish this happened to me.
I actually literally lol'd.
I'm a 28 year old woman and I'd love to fuck an 18 year old (he couldn't tell on me because he's legal). Men look best around ages 14-22. I know that sounds really unfair but I swear men are getting crustier faster these days. Why the fuck do men have crows feet before age 25??? It's not fair that I take care of myself with moisturizer sunscreen plus good genes so I have 0 wrinkles. Are men just fucked or what
Tfw no femanon to talk about cuckolding me with hung obnoxious zoomer boys. I'm 24 and had a glow up the past two years since working out and gaining muscle mass, but you do have a point.
I think it's a combination of factors
So all in all these women don't think of the boys they sleep with as kids, but as someone with a dick, that showed confidence and can fuck their brains out.
Just imagine how many were not arrested.
I understand because my virgin 9/10 gf fell for me over the texts when she was 19 and i didnt even turn 17 lmao. 
But i think women are way worse in this regard, or everybody is equally shit but its just we only observe our preferred sex. Im pretty sure you are aware of the "wall" meme yourself. And you could just be lying and be unattractive yourself, who knows.
It is incredibly humiliating that literal kids can receive attention, seduce and fuck average looking women but I cannot do that.
What the fuck does that have any relevance to my post you braindead faggot? That's a 2 year difference that's literally nothing.
Because it's not about asking random women on dates, it's about interacting with the same ones on a daily basis.
Because kids hit puberty so early? Or maybe people didn't care in the old days?
it looks like american schools heavenly
they give you free milfs
Why don't they just call it rape like it is?
This is why I keep telling incels just be around women and eventually they will fuck you
Idk.
I want a shotacon gf.
Onee san type gf, is my ideal.
The relevancy is that its extremely degrading for a woman her age and caliber to date down onto a 16 year old insgead lf going for a well off 26 year old chadlite like its usually the trend. Why are you offended?
In many jurisdictions, it is not possible legally speaking for a woman to commit the offence of rape.
Should've just been it's own post. It had no relevance to mine which was about real age gaps not "power gap" fake ones. Then you just call me ugly and a liar. In short you probably are better off not posting at all
they still haven't fucked me
Of course a vapid whore has no reading comprehension.
What a low quality response, just reposting his own post with an insult. No relevance simply screeching.
It was to show you that my post, had in fact, relevancy to yours. But no, you just read a fellow woman got lucky with 3 years younger minor and you started screeching all over the thread. Even if my post had no relevancy to yours there's literally no reason to be this pressed. As i said, get a reading comprehension.
Anon be around women every day, like school or something, not just visit them once a month
I did accounting in college, there were 80% girls. Not a single one was interested in me. Sex "just happens" only if you're attractive.
You can insist it has relevancy until you are blue in the face but I already proved that it didn't. 3 years isn't even an age gap to most people on earth. Get a clue, faggot.
Spending a lot of time with women can actually be counter-productive. For example classmates, maybe they develop a liking for you but majority of them will start looking at you as their friend
Even if you think first paragraph had no relevancy since you get off to large age gaps, how can you deny the second paragraph? Literally only a woman or some feminine fag could be this bad and irrational while arguing.
Your last 3 sentences was just vague bullshit (no relevance to anything I said), insulting me with incel rhetoric (no relevance to anything I said), and calling me a liar and ugly (no relevance to anything I said)
You are embarrassing
Things you could talk about in response to this post: Large age gaps, women fucking younger men, women wanting to fuck younger but it not being legal, ages men look best, if men age worse now compared to the past and what could contribute to that, why are men so fucking fugly why do they hit the wall so fast 
Scrote: Ever heard of the wall, m'lady? I bet you're a fugly hag, methinks not. I know of age gaps as well, heh.. at the tender age of nearly 17 a 19 year old hag bewitched me I was practically raped
I didnt insult you, just threw a bit of doubt, didnt claim anything and didnt mean no harm. Your insecurity is leaking through my screen and its clouding your rational thinking. You're probably compliant little hoe irl and get to vent here and act tough on people that did you no harm.
You blogposted irrelevantly and insulted me there is no denying that now you are just coping because I embarrassed you
As i said, i didnt insult you. The only one who got embarrased here is you, writing tirades over here because i threw a hint of doubt at your appearance but reservedly, without claiming anything. If im being honest, i didnt even believe you are ugly, and still think you probably arent, just mentioned a possibility. Calm your tits.
You needed to be told you were wrong so you can post better in the future and not go on stupid tirades yourself. You have a big problem with projection and ego but I think your intelligence will prevent you from true self examination
Textbook female behaviour
I wonder what kind of students they have sex with. pretty boy chads or atheletic tall chads?
Lolwut? Young boys are status symbols for a woman. It proves she is still sexually attractive.
I take this back. If you were actually decent looking you'd probably be fucking some 18 yo by now because its that easy when you're a woman. Instead you cry in this cesspool because someone told you you are unattractive. Go back to the hole you came out of.
Idk, maybe its just a different stigma where i am but its literally embarrasing for a 19 yo 9/10 whole town is after to date down with a 16 year old guy. Maybe if she was way older than that, then yes, but 19 year old prime pussy doesnt need to prove anything. Later on i heard that her friends also like younger dudes so i might've actually been fooled by blackpillers.
at least some of them have to be nerdy shy types
This one slept with a retard
This happens in every country, it is just not reported in shithole countries.
Yep, those swimsuits sure are conservative.
They want to feel young again, to be wanted, flirting with young boys makes them feel young and wanted.
These are pedos they arent normal foids they reject attractive full grown men all the time
No it proves guys with MILF fetishes exist, if college Chad is ignoring her theb shes an ugly bitch
The real reason is that female teachers recieve 0 pushback for being flirty or inappropriate with students. I used to be a sub and the amount of women that would try to get their male students to flirt with them is honestly gross, and they never got punished for it. Meanwhile I am afraid to even tell female students to cover up, or even look at one for longer than a couple seconds. I've also seen male students come to me because female teachers are creeping them out and the administration is doing nothing. The ones you see in the media are outliers, most of them are way way grosser and target younger boys than you would think.
its not any different for girls
