be Korean 
White guys are insecure because they are uglier than us 
Black guys are insecure because they have smaller dicks than us 
Latinos and Middle Easterners are insecure because they are shorter than us 
rest of Asians are insecure because they are not us 
Why are we so much superior? Literally every single woman on this planet would leave her husband and family for a Korean man. I feel bad for the rest of "men" or as I call them subhumans
update your iphone bruv
Their biggest market is other Asians. Chinese, Japanese, SEA women are all absolutely obsessed with Korean men. 
However, Koreans still have a complex about being pure blooded and superior to all other races, so they usually dont mix. If Koreans learned to be a bit less xenophobic and racist, their population crisis would be solved overnight.
Unfortunately 99% of Korean men believe they are too good for Chinese or Japanese women.
seethings
chimping
raiding
100+ replies
all incoming
too good for Japanese women
the largest interracial marriage for a Japanese women is a Korean man. Majority of all Americans that marry Japanese women are also Korean Americans.
just beat your women (and foreign women for that matter) everyday
so gentlemanly!
women making up abuse smut fanfiction because they got rejected by jin jong 
Sad.
Thats a slippery slope. Mixing with other East Asians is somewhat permissible due to proximity in culture and geography, but it won't stop there. You'll start mixing with everyone else too, then you'll become a muttified crime-ridden shithole like every other mutt country.
Korean threads
Mayolets chimping out in thread
Mayolets creating threads and chimping out
Its all so absolutely based JFL
NOOOOOO YOU CAN NEVER HIT A WOMAAAAAN!!!!!!!!!!!
You are your own worst enemy and you don't even know it. You are the reason this board is like this, and you are the reason you are on here. Ironic, really.
Those are Koreans in Japan. I am talking about Koreans who live in Korea, and who tend to be much more xenophobic.
Many Koreans I have met are also sniffy about mixing with other races like whites. Most half Korean idols you see are westernized/American, almost zero of them come from Korea itself. Koreans are very xenophobic.
Mayo will never be an insulting term. It just sounds stupid, it doesn't even hold a negative connotation. Besides, "whitoids" aren't even white, they're pink.
Please get more creative with your insults.
jbk incel cope thread #71873
Okay Mayo.
Yeah I am not saying they should. I am just saying that the opportunity is there. 
Millions of Japanese, Chinese, and SEA women go to Korea to find a bf/husband and leave rejected and empty handed. 
When I was in college, the Korean students were basically worshipped as gods among Asians and everyone wanted to be part of their cliques, second ranking were Japanese, lower down were Chinese, and the SEA were on the bottom. They did mix and congregate with each other as Asians in the west tend to do (and stick together) but there was always a tension and obvious envy of the Korean students. People really believed they were like kpop stars even though they were just some random brats. 
The Korean students who studied at my college were also extremely wealthy compared to other Asian students, even the rich Chinese kids. They would drive Lambos and Bugattis to school and wear head to toe designer clothing. They basically had a godlike status in school. But it was almost impossible to get into their circles unless you were Korean too.
Okay Mayonnaise
Did you go to college in Korea? Based on what I see, its not like that in the west at all. Koreans have their own cliques and act all snooty, but nobody else gives a shit like you described. So its more of a one-sided thing.
I'm Asian, you stupid moron. Im telling you to come up with something better because "mayo" just sounds fuckin stupid lmao
But yeah, keep spamming blindly bro
No, I had a scholarship to an elite college in the west. It was famous among Asian students because everyone wanted to go there. The kids were insanely wealthy too. There would be Chinese girls carrying 10K worth of cash in their bags and stuff.
Korea is not a multi cultural society so what hes describing does not exist in Korea. You are obviously not Asian and yes Koreans are seen as the Top dogs amongst Asians. Kpop has huge global impact.
You will only understand this dynamic if you are Asian. Alot of SEAmonkeys girls always say people thought "I LOOKED KOLEAN" to boost themselves.
Ok Mayonnaise, Now go run along the real JBKChads are talking.
When I was in college, the Korean students were basically worshipped as gods among Asians and everyone wanted to be part of their cliques, second ranking were Japanese, lower down were Chinese, and the SEA were on the bottom. 
While I do some what agree with this even though it can be a larp but I absolutely refise to believe Nips bowing down to gooks. Only thing that comes to a Nip's mind when he hears about a gook is some kid they bullied so hard that it has been crying for a century.I 'd even say that they respect Chinese more than them.
Rhy are rwe so much ruperior?? Lirally erery single rwoman ron dis rlanet rwould reave rer rhusband and ramily for korean man.
refuses to believe
ignores japanese marriage statistics
doesnt realize koreans are known as slayers in japan
nobody cares what japcels think. just like nobody cares about what mayocels think.
we only care about ur women think and we all know what they think of BKC.
Then you are clearly completely out of touch with youth culture. Young Japanese women are absolutely obsessed with kpop and Korean men. The Japanese students were also less ostentatious about their wealth and status. Also, nationalistic and right wing Japanese people wouldnt be leaving Japan to study abroad in the first place.
You must've hung around the FOBs exclusively. This sort of dynamic does not exist with western-born Asians, everyone just kinda melts into one "Asian" group
This literally reads like a ChatGPT post. Please, Minjae. Keep your fantasies to yourself
This sort of dynamic does not exist with western born Asian
Im telling u as a White guy who never hung out with Asians just look from the outside! But believe me i know!
JFL
35 minutes
25 replies
chimpers
like clockwork
Nip women marry more Gooks than dirtpoor chinks 
And?
Then you are clearly completely out of touch with youth culture. Young Japanese women are absolutely obsessed with kpop and Korean men. 
Says who? J-pop still dominates Japan. It maybe the only Asian country where the native pop is more popular than k-pop. K-pop was Korea aping Japan to begin with.
The Japanese students were also less ostentatious about their wealth and status.
Yes nips are like that.
Also, nationalistic and right wing Japanese people wouldnt be leaving Japan to study abroad in the first place.
I don't think so. Nips like other people also fetishize blowing away money in foreign schools. And ALL nips are nationalist and right wing. Maybe you are not larping and right about your college dynamics but if you think that Japs bow to Kims then you are deluded. They even refuse to acknowledge the warcrimes they did against them. They do same to China but they also acknowledge the cultural dominance China used to have over them.
You realize the anti Korean sentiment in Japan is quite literally stoked by the popularity of Korean media and men, right? Young Japanese women love Korea. And this infuriates Japanese men. 
Only Jap incels who cant get laid believe in Japanese supremacy, these Japanese nationalist marches are 99% male incels and boomers, with the occasional Japanese Becky-chan or Karen-san who got pump and dumped by Korean Chad.
This sort of dynamic does not exist with western born Asian
Im telling you as an ESL FOB who grew up in Busan and came here for college, interacting with none of the locals (white, black OR asian) and sticking only with my fellow autistic FOBs in our little exclusive cliques! But believe me I know!
Again Mayonnaise. Nobody cares if Japcels bow too us. Their women do and thats all that matters.
Just like nobody cares if some crusty fat mayocel thinks about us. Because ur women also love us.
You have high views of Japoids and what does it bring them? Nothing, but cuckaroos. They draw Whites and put Whites in all their vidyas. 
While on the flipside Koreans put Korean men on center stage which attracts women of all backgrounds.
source: my animus and mangos plus /pol/ told me so
Cope.
Are you that one autistic monotone Korean guy who spoke on Vocaroo last time?
If so ur opinion is irrelevant or ur a larping Mayocel.
Post a vocaroo and speak Korean. Say something in Korean only a Korean would know.
Why would you want to hang around westernized Asians? They are liberals and cancerous BLM shills. Only FOB Asians are based. So based that they dont even mix with anyone else.
Some random headline proves me right 
I don't think so.Nips have considered Kims weak bitches since ages. Even though they used to think that Chinks were subhumans during the beginning of war but they soon had to give them respect because they lost to them and don't forget the millennia old trend of Japs aping whatever chinks did even paying symbolic tribute to them. Kims have always been chopping block cattle since the days of Imjin war. They also don't do any favours by being permanently butthurt and aping anime/manga/j-pop.
You know whats funny is most women in those Japanese right wing movements arent even genuine at all, kek. Most of them are just hostesses or models and salty Jap men literally pay these chicks by the hour to add pussy to the movement and attract simps to their cause, then the girls go home to their Korean lovers and get ploughed by them.
Again Mayonnaise. Nobody cares if Japcels bow too us. Their women do and thats all that matters. 
Some k-pop obsessed freaks prove that Nips don't look down upon you in general kek. I guess Slavshits are nigger lovers now because some of them may like rap and marry nigs. They don't even consider you humans worthy of respect but beta bitches who have been crying for centuries.
Japs are literally
Yeah it didn't happen bro but it should have
Why are you denying obvious reality? Japan even used to have a full blown caste system with Koreans at the bottom and it still lingers around.
Slavics love Korean men also.
They are in the Top 5 in traveling to Korea for their Korean Jockey.
Why do you think the term White horse exist here?
I never claimed to be Korean you stupid FOB. I was born in the US and I know for a fact everything you're talking about is exclusively a FOB or Asian-Asian thing. I grew up in the SGV and all the Asian-Americans here have always stuck together in one pan-Asian group.
You don't understand this, not because you can't, but because you yourself autistically only interact with your fellow Korean FOBs.
Please, learn to socialize with other cultures if you're going to come to the west. If you don't want to, then stay your ass in Busan where its homogenous like you said. 
Oh, and stop wearing masks on campus in 2023, its an instant tell of you being a FOB lmao
source: /pol/ told me so 
Tell me you never leave the basement without telling me you never leave the basement, anon. 
Japan is completely cucked and demoralized as a nation. All their nationalism is just a smokeshow and compensation for their massive national debt, dwindling yen, deadly work culture, extreme sexlessness problem, and incel epidemic.
Japanese are also pussies irl. They might go on their Jap imageboards and bitch about Kimchad taking their women and how they wanna kill all gooks, but see them encounter Korean Chads irl and they walk past meekly with their head down.
JBYW [just beat your women]
I don't know what's your point but Japs are still the superior slants untill Emperor Xi changes things.
learn to socialize with other cultures
Ew, why?
non korean cuckasoid trying to tell us how the asian community work is beyond hilarious.
and i will continue wearing my mask just out of spite to white cucks cause it makes them seethe.
you mad? you thought i was on ur side cuck? i go against everything white
Blah blah blah 
I will not argue whatever you want me to argue about but I know for the fact that Japs look down up Gooks and will keep doing it because Kims are such subhuman bitches to them.
groped on subways
This girl has been watching wayyyy too much JAV. 
All silly fantasists, wishing Korean men would throw them down on the street and rape them in broad daylight, kek. 
Sorry sweetheart, but Korean men actually have standards. Nobody is trying to rape some loudmouth homely feminist foreign bitch when 10/10 sweet submissive Kacies are walking around everywhere.
Be Japanese
White soi bois loves you
caters too White soi bois with vidya and hentai cartoons
makes all their characters based on white chads
weeaboo white manchildren come to ur country and roam around autistically alone and staring at jap whores
Be Korean
White soi bois hate you
caters too females with kpop and kdrama
makes all their characters around korean men
girls flock to ur country to have sex
easy choice ngl
t. Delusional weeb who wont hop off Japans dick 
Nobody cares about Japan anymore except white manchildren, they have lost nearly all social standing they once had. Their media, fashion, music and dating scene has been colonized by Koreans. The only people who resist this are angry Japanese incels who are mad because Kim fucked their crush.
I never believe anything women say online.
its actually thirsty foreign girls trying to rape korean men, not the other way around.
k-niggers are actually making it worse for the average korean man, unlike in the west there is no representation of 'every man' in Korean media. Hollywood has its Chads (Pitt, DiCaprio, Depp and the Chrises) but they also have more normie looking male leads (Cage, Gosling, Deniro, Phoenix...) With koreans there are either giga-Chads sold as specimens of their aesthetic (perfect porcelain skin, small midface, ripped yet baby like) and everyone else is a desexualized ricecel. There is no mid ground for these bugs. And the white women supposedly catching 'yellow fever', these women expect them to look like filtered anime characters. 
t. half korean half sicilian
Its fun, faggot. The sooner you start actually talking to other people, the sooner you realize other races have cool people too. Sure, some blacks are niggers that want to steal your shit, and some whites are weird LGBT trannies, but they're still a minority in the real world, outside of twitter.
A secondary reason would be you not looking like an autistic little hermit anymore.
It doesn't make them seethe, everyone automatically assumes you're just ugly and trying to hide it. If you actually went outside you would see that all the local Asians don't wear a mask, its only FOBs. You do you, I guess
/thread
Don't know why that weeb cuck is trying to make this an argument.
It's objectively way better to be a Korean man cause u have access to pussy from other foreign girls. While Japanese just put Whites on a pedestal and get 0 pussy.
dear white girls
stop trying to rape random korean men in the street
koreans
supreme
idk being owned by the chinks and raped by the japs doesn't seem superior to me bro
Chinks and Japs literally worship Korea
OP is a falseflagging wh*toid incel trying to look like an angry ricecel to undermine them. 
OP, please get a life. Just hide the BBC threads if they make you so angry that you feel the need to do this.
Yeah its funny how not a single person in these threads ever proves they are Korean.
Kims are visited by poor chinks looking for Jobs and Nip tourists who could only afford their neighbouring countries
You really proved something here!
Just Be Korean is set in stone law.
Oops...
https://www.statista.com/statistics/234149/tourists-in-china-by-country-of-origin/
Horny Chinese and Japanese and Asian American women looking to take a ride on the Korean Cock Carousel** 
FTFY
white males, chink males, jap males, black males all seethe because they are getting cucked by korean BVLLs
ya love to see it
Why would korean be here in first place?
none of these stats and social "status" among women matter when SHTF and ww3 starts popping off
kim will just nuke the south the first chance he gets
Indian males too, now that their women are taking the Koreanpill.
how many layers of filter?
JFL. JBKChads only need to say I am Korean too any question.
Everyone knows this not questioning his answer.
fast as fucc
replies are nearing the 100s already
keep em chimping Changs
Tyrone will finish the rest.
white girls learn korean, pay thousands of dollars for plane tickets, uproot their entire lives and work english teaching jobs they hate, just to date Korean men 
Cant say they arent devoted.
doesnt really count when (literally) half of them are yourself, lol.
I am Korean
What he is saying is he doesnta have to get a job or work. Horny rich Japanese and Chinese will pay him just for existing.
Sometimes I really wish I was Korean. Must be fun just being surrounded by cute Korean and European girls all day. And even if you were ugly it wouldnt matter, because there are brothels full of attractive slim young prostitutes from Russia, China and Korea everywhere anyway.
Its like being a sexpat and traveling to Thailand, but you dont need to do anything. The women just comes too you and tries to date any Korean guy.
Im not even kidding.
Yep. Meeting up with all those cute young ~language exchange~ girls who want a Korean man to help them with their *vocabulary, wink wink*, as if there is any other purpose to learning Korean as a westerner than taking Korean dick, kek.
STOP POSTING SHIT STUPID SHIT
hahahahahahahahah
lol. honestly this new racebait shitposting spam actually is funny, LOL
god you're so annoying, lol
Sorry but I prefer men with beards
these posters never verify
meanwhile there have been more than 5 White women who are Korean lovers who verified
Their was 2 'women' who hated Korean men in these threads, but 1 guy was exposed as a Tranny and the other one was a Hambeast.
JFL, picrel.
Well, there seem to be about 14 or so of you guys at dating age left in the world, so it looks women will have to just live without you.
Our verified White women had sweet voices and actually pretty hands too~~
https://voca.ro/1gTlTw5i3xL9
Heightpill debunk?
show the hambeast
i didnt see that one
lmao
i didnt know dylan used r9k
retarded non-Korean ally
its the hand pic retarded.
grey gastly hands and obviously overweight femcel.
well 'she' should eat less then
that hand looks like it belongs a fit and of a good height woman tho
As a white girl where do I get my korean oppa bf?
plsplsplsplspls
I honestly don't know, but ignore whatever Stormy says.
He demoralizes White women for no reason.
Id be upset if he took s fat waifu from me
demoralizes YT womyn away from Korea
extremely based.
They don't like Korean men
They like heavy make up and post surgery Korean actors.
Real south Korean men are rather well....... Asian. If you want to date Asians there is plenty in America, you might just need to buy them a mod pack or DLC
 mod pack
KEK
YT womyn are turning back
based.
Too many Koreans go for that gross string bean femboy look when they should be gymmaxing.
True story
Worked in Walmart retail when the BTS thing started.. We were pushed by our distributor to put these dolls at the end caps and make a nice display for them. After 2 weeks, we sold none. 
After 1 month we moved it to the regular aisles, still no sales. After 2 months we got a message from head office that all over the USA, the BTS dolls were not moving and to lower the MSRP because it's becoming a big SKU space problem.
By 4 months we worked out a deal with a close out distributor and sold them at distributor cost to break even. Walmart and their head toy dep manager made a note to never to do THAT again
Is there women who like these guys? Sure, but their are such a small mentally ill poor minoritiy that it does not matter
Ah yes, the "quality" white women that love Korean men
tfw the demoralization is working
Well they do like heffer beef with their K-BBQ so.... farm to table I guess.
why do korean have such high suicide rate if they are 'superior' then chang ???
Imagine all the mental issues that women do to themselves physically and put that onto men
Imagine normalizing getting surgery by 16, fixing your nose, your jaw, your eyes.
Imagine having to wear make up everyday
Imagine that the real you never existed because it's a culture of lying about your "Naked Face" as they call it.
That is Korea.
What's wrong with YT womyn - quit trying to sleep around and return to your men. Immediately.
cloud is a prettyboy aryan chad.............
Eggzactlee
RETURN TO CLOUD, YT womyn
>>>Superior
coinslot eyes
needs plastic surgery
manlets
How are those fags superior again?
dont forget the tiny pp
It's just a loud 8 people online. People tend to that the internet gets hijacked by .0000000000001% of the mentally ill human population and they think that's everyone
Right, my bad!
It's actually two discord groups and two separate faggots (all in the process of being subverted and leaked)
One discord is some cult-ish black shit, the other is run by a hapa british troon who goes by "CeCeFem", then there's the two separate fags;
One of them is actually a bot spamming white man suicide statistics, not even replying to anyone, and the other is the lad who's making these threads (he is american, and lives in america)
You asian mfs don't know how lucky yall are
I am a black man and I'd love to get the amount of love from these young white zoomed girls that yall been getting since kpop took off but idk if it will ever happen we came out with rock n roll and u know what they did they put a white face on it instead of white women finding over black men they just ignored that we made it and flaunted over white men
Even if those 2 Discords were both up to 1000 people in them. That's only 0.00030303030303030303% of just the USA population, not Canada, not Europe, not ASIA, just the USA
They are a minority of twisted sad lonely people who don't mean anything
samefag
no one cares, women don't like ricefags, women don't like groids
Fair enough, just remember to sagenhyde when posting in their threads (if they are not on page 1 and they keep replying)
Nah, you turn it around and remind them how nothing they are
Seldom do I actually shitpost and make fun of them in their own threads, I mainly do the digging
There have literally been women who have posted vocaroos and timestamps. You are coping hard.
I am not coping, nor do I have a need to cope about anything in this thread, I am just stating the factual truth, to add onto this, you're amerikan and an incel, you should stop your gay spam shit b4 it's too late
Forgot to address your main concern;
strangers wouldn't lie on the internet, also coercing of individuals into doing things, or any editing whatsoever does not exist
mayocels delusion is hilarious
its 1 kolean GUY spamming it!
its bots!
its group of 8!
its 2 discord groups!
its a trannies!
its a bunch of white trolls!
JFL make up ur mind u crazy psychos
everyday i read this and laugh
Catering to females is beta though.
You have no reading comprehension, I was stating that several faggots are shitting up the board, including (you), I then went on to state the groups in question. Also, you know someone is either seething or is in distress when he feels the need to force the fact that "X is so fucking funny and they need 2 cope"
He was better looking on the left
lol didnt read
seething mayo writing a novel like i care to read it JFL
It's only a line, two sentences, iphone fag.
You're still american and a faggot
Yeah American women are fat hogs. Nobody denied that. Those girls will never be able to get a Korean bf.
They are the type of girls who write rape fanfiction in youtube comments after handsome Korean men rejects them, and they will settle for white guys. 
But I went to the BAP concert here in Poland and nearly everyone was quite attractive and normal weight at the fanmeet so.. pic rel may or may not be me.
reddit spacing
go back nigger
Nope.
Cope
And 
Seethe 
Fatty
What's weight have anything to do with this? Are you projecting or something, newfag?
is that the 6th time a girl shitted all over white guys in a korean thread?
the only defense mayocels got was from a tranny and a overweight white girl who showed her hands.
Tell that to South Korea, you might as well be dead if you looked like the left
What girl nigga? There are no women on the internet, I have no idea what you are on about
Samefag
Saying a few obese whales from Wisconsin represents kpop fans is disingenuous. My friends are slim quite attractive normies and they still listen to BTS with me and talk about how handsome many idols are.
Cope anon, and enjoy settling for whales when Korean men have rejected them. I am sure they will become racist trump supporter Karens with you while attractive slim girls make babies with Korean men.
kek what's the point of this thread?
if you're so superior just go out there and be superior. I suggest you go to Denmark or somewhere like that. You will totally be superior there as a korean when competing with 6'5" thor lookalikes.
Korean
making babies
Pick one, they've done surveys on this over and over and very few Koreans of either sex wants a family anymore.
Thor lookalikes 
Kek. Clearly you have never seen the average danish men. They are balding numales, and most of them are average height. Even if they are tall, they are usually skinny ectomorphs who could easily be pushed over. 
Maybe in America where everyone is an obese Mexican, you idolise that look. But when you see blonde guys everyday its not special.
This Denmark-Asian girl literally flew a Korean guy out to date her because she is obsessed with Korean men 
https://www.youtube.com/@YouronlyJen/videos
Never forget. There has been 5 White verified Women has defended Korean men in these threads the past week or two. With vocaroos and hands. This girl here is not verified so can't count her.
Their has been only 1 verified female who has defended Whitecels. And she is a hambeast. The other one was a Tranny JFL.
She got shitted on all over for being fat and she just kept proclaiming she was a little pudgy not fat LOL
Picrel Top left is hambeast. Right side is for KoreanChads.
Uhhh, (You) cope anon
Can you prove any of those females are white, or are you just going to take their word for it? If it's the latter: I am janny the destroyer of threads and you should delete this thread and kill yourself
Never forget the day this anon who use to call me out constantly for using the same pics over and over again every day just suddenly vanished for weeks after this shit in picrel.
Where he gets BTFO by multiple girls and 1 verified girl on voice calling him ugly and white and how she wanted BKC.
JFL.
This danish model is now getting pregnant by a Korean man 
https://www.youtube.com/@sisselab/videos
have you been to denmark? average height there is the same as in netherlands; you know how height statistics underestimate young guy heights? well in Denmark the average 20 year old is 6'1". AVERAGE. That means 6'4" and 6'5" is pretty common. Just go there.
funny that you say that. theres a korean youtuber named doobydobap with like 3.3 million subscribers who lives in seoul and.....gets plowed by a tall danish guy.
literally no one cares, now stop bumping your own thread and samefagging, it's pretty cringe
Never forget the day a Mayocel claiming he was going to post his korean gf to shit on the ricecels with timestamp. Then a JBKChad posted his white GF right afterwards. The mayocel went completely silent and the other mayocel hoping to BTFO ricecels were bitching and whining JFL
LMAO
guy has to be Chad to get mid Korean pussy 
Meanwhile thousands of Danish mares come to Korea to ride the cock carousel and fuck average Korean men
Never forget when you are arguing with a Mayocel this is who is behind the screen
 thousands of danish mares come to Korea
yes that's definitely happening and it's not totally made up by your inferiority complex
he doesnt know the realities
how many times do we need to share this with you?
how much more will you cope?
35 posters in this thread and 144 replies lmfao. Almost 5 times the amount of replies lmfaooooooooo
JBKopers bumping their own thread and replying to themselves over and over and over again. Friendly reminder that all you dorks are doing is bantering back and forth with other bottom of the barrel men, regardless of race. You're all bottom tier posturing as superior over one another. Cringe af. Irl, White men are running through Koreans, Viets, Chinks, and Flips indiscriminately bc you guys are all the same blob of Asians at the end of the day.
Never forget you are arguing with an inbred fuck when you're arguing with picrel types of individuals
malding cumstains got BTFO in this thread
never ever forget
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72768208/#72768208
You fawn over Chad like a homosexual while Korean men breed your women.
Pajeet all star.
65 alone walking in korea while Koreanchads had White women all over them JFL.
i guess thats why they recommend SEA and not Korea JFL
This is the face of an average korean man.
The supermodels you see on TV and KPOP have all undergone intense plastic surgery, as it is a common practice there. In 10 year's I guarantee you they will all look like a bogdanoff twin
Go ahead please-TAKE THREAD OFF!
Oh no. White guys are running through 2/10 SEA monkies, however will we cope asian bros?
There is not a single person of Asian decent in this thread
We are stealing all the obese princess fionas of SEA Asians. You mad Asian boi? HUH?
It's really easy to see who is who, especially given reddit or iphone file names
The guy who did the Korean couple watching video did a Los Angeles one the other day. It didnt get alot of attention, but Black and East Asian men had the most White girlfriends. While White men dated alot of SEAmonkeys this is of course factoring in population differences between races.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72978416/#72978416
balding white guy and 2/10 Asian woman. Name a more iconic pairing.
only one person owns an iPhone! SEA monkies love me, you mad bro????
Even sea monkies prefer Korean Chads. But they will settle for white betabux. 
pic rel, youtuber asking SEA girls which nationality of men are most attractive, and nearly all said Korean men.
Thanks for the (you), but consider:
You guys cope by making threads like these, traversing the internet saving pics of other people, and reposting it here as some sort of own. I challenge you to show me pictures of your own life, your own partner, you own day-to-day. Show me these white women you're running through as a Korean chad. I'll wait.
And I won't bother lowering myself to the same weird incel behaviour you aznidentity copers get up to on a weekday afternoon. I don't need to post pics or vids of anybody on here in order to prove a point to you. Every single citizen of any western country knows what we see with our own eyes. It doesn't matter if they're ugly, if they're mid, or if they're super attractive.. wmaf is absolutely everywhere
The white boy cries out in pain as he strikes you 
KEK
Now it's 38 and 166 LMFAO can everyone who isn't a ricecel just stop engaging with these threads? It would be hilarious to watch these guys just talk to each other and mentally masturbate
white boys are good at gas lighting.
maybe u should head back to plebbit where u belong faggot?
gets told to go back to plebbit minutes ago
random poster comes up with a decent point
he tells him what he got told
You can't be this much of a newfag, holy shit
Good idea
Now it's 38 and 169 lmfaooooooooo. This is 4chan my chigga, there are two ready made subreddits for guys like you
r/aznidentity
r/asianmasculinity
Cry with your brothers over there.
absolutely based
jbk is law
is this white shit really about to cry cause they wouldnt let him in clubs? LOL
man whitecels really are fragile asf. all that coddling over the years has really made them super beta.
comes into thread about Korean Chads
seethes copes dilates malds and loses hair follicles over white girls having sex with us
claims white guys are most desirable despite being a virgin mayo boy who cant even get a sea monkey
White boy logic. They are so desperate.
Pic rel is the energy you guys actually embody and no amount of r9k coping is gonna change that. You're on the very same level as the white men on here who cope about black men and white women being together at high rates. Asians, no matter their ethnicity, do not give off alpha male, "I'm gonna cuck you and steal your wife" energy no matter how many of these threads you make.
Ugly hooked up with ugly, it happens
