I'm sri lankan
3/10 face
want a white catholic virgin wife
Yea dude. Dont try, youll only hate yourself and them more for wasting your time. Seriously, you too worried bout the bitches.
im white christian and virgin but saving myself for nyeongie sorry
brown incel
wants a white woman
Every time
I'm also quite rich though, I mean there must be some poor country where you can get a cute virgin Catholic wife, right?
This is not a race bait thread
I had 2 girls offer to be my sugar baby but I rejected them. Do I still count as an incel?
its not race bait. just telling you. 
i need to have nyeongies babies.
This is not a race bait thread
Easy mistake, the catalogue is fucking filled with it right now because of ricecels.
How is a thread where an Indian guy talks about wanting a white woman not to do with race?
If you see how ugly the average Indian woman is irl then you would understand. Maybe like 0.1% of them are cute in their youth but they hit the wall and look like wrinkly turds by 25.
sri lankan anon. i'm bengali, are we friends?
I have no idea who this person is, if you're not that korean guy that spams /int/ and r9k with "white women want korean men stuff" and you're actually a woman, hope you have his babies
Not aa race BAIT, yes it's a raciap thread.
Sri Lankan girls are the worst. At least if my family were Muslim, I'd be able to cope with a Tajik or Arab wife because my family really are wealthy. Last time my dad took me back to Sri Lanka to find a bride, I was repulsed by how ugly all the women were.
because white women were made for interracial breeding by God himself.
are we friends?
Yes, we are
but if a sri lankan girl said she only wants white chad, she'd be dubbed hpyergamous and evil right?
and you're actually a woman, hope you have his babies
thx anon, hope you find your virgin catholic white waifu soon
I'm not American
There's your first problem
Idc about what they do or who they desire. I have zero interest in them
I'm American born and raised
american born
so you're not sri lankan then you retard. white women are the majority where you are its normal to want them.
i still think its a bit dumb to completely dismiss your own ethnicity. there's definitely loads of pretty sri lankan girls, esp in the west
I've not met a single attractive one in my whole life
Fight fire with fire
I'm brown and I want an Asian girl. Sadly, asian girls are indifferent towards me but white girls somehow find me attractive. At this point I think God is just trolling me.
no, chances are he is the only sri lankan in his town if he lives in america unless he is in a major city. still its creepy af to go hunting for people of the same race to date. you should date whoever you organically encounter in your day to day life.
this is me. I think that way.
you have to be a total gigachad to get white women as an island poo
What if I'm rich and go for white Catholic latinas in South America?
The Krusty Krab has fallen
Millions must fry
what do you mean wall? Do they get walled after having 5 kids? Seems like the parents still fat shame them
do you live in sri lanka?
How is life in Sri Lanka?
This. I am brown and never had a random woman make a move on me until I came to America.
How will two men have babies? You're going to cut your dick off if you continue this shilling. Word and thoughts are powerful, you've been warned.
uuuuun can I get a uhhhhh Japanese no, white trad catholic deluxe without the catholic, and add some extra goth please. Yes, i'd like that rare with virginity.
There is a secret to get a white catholic virgin wife but it only works if you're white.
and dont hold back on the anime tits
 im ugly
 waaah sri lankan women are too ugly
Yeah, you can go rope or something. You will never gind a woman. Money doesnt matter to catholic girls.
Literally what the fuck are you complaining about?
Brown and Asian women are the worst.
I feel like white and black and even Hispanic women treat me like an actual person, not brown or Asian women however - of course there's exceptions, but that's like sifting through sewage to find drinkable water
Even my fucking standards are too high.
alive
doesn't even have to be female
im a girl you tard
