It's wrong to beat women.
The three laws of being a man:
But what if she did something really bad and totally deserves it.
Women can be evil too.
right*
Everyone makes mistakes &lt;3
True.
You shouldn't beat anyone unless they have been bad.
only abusechad does it. not my problem.
NPNE
no pussy no empathy
Beating women is like beating manlets. It's 100% ok to do it and probably actually a net good for society but you should never brag about it desu.
I am evil punch me anon :(
This is what you get for killing villagers in Minecraft!
but what if i'm deserving of it?
If a woman legitimately puts me in a situation where I have to defend my life, she's getting clocked. FULL STOP.
I honestly don't think about hitting women at all
I will, but it won't be in the kinky sort of way. If left to my own devices, I would bash your face into concrete until there was nothing left.
Not at chess.
People say this, but women pretty much never start physical altercations with men. It's always the opposite.
The rationale for "never hit a woman" literally doesn't make sense. They say it's because men are bigger and stronger than women, and yet:
It's literally just female supremacy masquerading as fairness. They claim it's about "strength" but when you look at all these other situations where it's OK to hit someone weaker, it doesn't add up. It's more more of a "slave isn't allowed to talk back to his master" kind of thing.
Women are such pathetic submissives they secretly are hoping to get beaten up by you. This is how you will ascend anon. Godspeed anon
Many studies show that the majority of domestic violence is initiated by women.
it... it hurts so much.... anon...
Let's be real; the overwhelming majority of the male population deserves it
im the 
anon, i would never start a physical altercation with anyone! but if i make a mistake i expect to be punished for it
Are you the same person I replied to who said "women don't start shit?" If so you're backpedalling hardcore here. This is the behavior of someone who has an extreme bias and will just find excuses to continue thinking the way they've always thought when proven wrong.
this is true! i never say it, but i crave to be abused. it shows just how masculine you are, asserting your dominance by hitting me.
No I'm >>72983489
[content]
Well, let me tell you where I'm coming from. I've started a few of these threads critiquing "never hit a woman" sentiment. I, personally, have never hit a woman, and I hope that I never have to. But the idea that women are categorically never physically dangerous to men is just false. An old girl can be dangerous to a young boy, a group of women can be a danger to a lone man, etc. Picrel is an example of unarmed girls managing to kill a man. How? There were eight of them, one of him. I'd reckon this dude would have been justified throwing punches.
Kill yourself faggot. I don't give a fuck where you're coming from
you're not a real woman though desu
kek imagine getting beaten up by teen girls
If you find men getting beaten up by women just funny because men are subhumans unworthy of empathy or whatever, I will point out that another one of these groups of girls, in the same city, also assaulted a female victim. And yes one of them was a girl.
Girl running around slashing old women in the face? Yeah, she DESERVES A BEATING from a STRONG MAN.
that's not funny tho
But what if she already beat me 5 times in the day??
True, I like women very much
i want to be beaten, anon
True, we should kill them swiftly instead
Ive seen women full on cold cock men because they know the men won't hit them back.
