i dont understand why theres so much hate in the world
why cant we all just be frens and be happy together
this makes me really sad
people are so cruel especially to dumb idiots like me :(
cow picture 
Let me guess, you're a hot girl with cowtits?
no im a dumb retard twink with the thinking abilities and temperament of a cow
I would rape your rapebait existance so hard then cuddle you afterwards and wife you up.
It is because of sin. Read the Bible.
It's because it feels good to hate thinga and people don't like having their toys taken away. And they often go unpunished. It's as simple as that most of the time: adults are children. Racist towards others? No problem, just do it online. Like to cheat on others? There are no consequences for that, break as many hearts in half as you want.
Because, like all things people do, it distracts from the inevitability of death, so people engage in behavior that makes them hated and/or hateful so they can have even the briefest of escape from reality.
Image
I often imagine being a treated as a farm animal (On a non-kill farm specifically) or as a pet of some kind. I want a muscular farmhand to manhandle me.
uh ok why
what i dont get it 
i wouldnt want my toys or other stuff taken either but i also dont hide being mean because i never am and just cant be mean
the world is so confusing
why not make frens then wtf
people say im like a cow already and it would be nice to be taken care of fully so i dont have to worry about anything because im not smart enough for this world
i was told i have 88iq no less and that makes me sad
Hate stems from anger, which is unavoidable in regular temperament people. You mentioned you're a twink, so your T-levels are low. If you got on gear and raised them to normal levels, you too would feel anger. Not an insult, just how it works.
The world sucks, best we can do is get used to it.
why not make frens then wtf
People do that, just not as often because it requires far more effort to be kind than it does to be mean. Being rude is what you do on the lazy days when you can't bother being friendly.
because im not smart enough for this world
Likewise, I feel like I have the consciousness of a houseplant that someone forced into the body of a man, it's a hellish existence.
Because of sin
the world is safer and less violent now than it has been at any point in history.
we're getting there OP, despite the reactionary hatred from those on sites like this one.
Post face and body
People don't seem to like idiots outside of entertainment.
Perhaps that's why I want to be funny. People don't hate fools if they're funny.
You sound like a slut, stop being such a slut.
Put on the cow lingerie and ears. Then we can talk.
Humans are naturally beings of conflict and discord. It's really no wonder why theres so many crazy city motherfuckers shooting up schools 'n' shit; we're not supposed to be living all over each other the way we do. We should honestly just return to living in tribes.
neetche danced around one day
what I mean by that is this is their civil war now against the blacks and jews and slave morality and the depth of that is like as far as people can make it that make things deep so it's just already nukes used for the talks it's all really evil, but like really it's all nothing once you know evil is really evil.
