Hey anon it's me, Jesus Christ. The rapture is happening soon and I want to hear why you think you'll join me in heaven.
dubs instantly gets in, no questions asked 
I wont go to heaven because it isnt real
I'm a simp for a findom whore
Weird anon, but as long as you repent you should be fine
That's what ((they)) want you to think anon
why do you think The Bible says women should be quiet, submissive, and not in positions of authority?
BECUASE STRONG WOMEN
I've watched club penguin about a dozen times and loli hentai countless times. I feel pretty bad about it.
please Christ let me be in Heaven with you
The Rapture is not Biblical.
God did not save Christ when he was being nailed to the cross, he will not spare us from suffering if it is his will. 
Begone, Satan.
Im an incel and god made me to suffer and then Im supposed to thank him for this opportunity? fuck that faggot strike me down you kike on a stick nigger lover
You realize the early Christians endured a life of torture and martyrdom? 
Nobody ever said being a Christian = worldly blessings. It's actually the contrary, life gets harder when you find Christ because you are given a new mind. You are taken out of the world, so to speak.
I need marriage immediately so I can have sexo, I am so tired of being horny and having sexual fantasies I hate it.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GIVE ME DUBS, JANNIES PASS THIS ONE THREAD PLEASEEEEE
I masturbate thinking about my best friend
yeah but the people who live sinful lives get rewarded just the same for saying a couple prayers at the end of their life. how is that fair
Could use some nice digits right about now
ngmi
worldliness isn't fulfilling, and Christ established that people who are lovers of the world are enemies of The Father. 
When a worldly, rich man asked Christ what he needs to do to be saved, Christ told him unless he gives away every single possession then he won't be saved. Not as a matter of works, but because he is so spiritually lost that it's his only hope of real repentance.
Also you don't get saved by saying a couple words. You need to genuinely have faith. You can't just live a terrible life then say "oh btw Jesus you're kinda cool" on your deathbed and expect to be saved. You need to genuinely repent like the criminal on the cross next to Christ's. 
regardless, you're falling into covetousness. Stop thinking about other people and what they're doing. Focus on your own path.
if one of those rewards is a loving wife who I can make babies with then ill worship any god you want of me.
Jesus said there is no marriage in heaven. Try Mormonism
I'm not confessing my sins here. I've legitimately considered booking a plane ticket so I can confess in a foreign country.
This poses a good question: In the unlikely event that a robot finds a wife, should he tell her about his sinful past?
then how would heaven be a reward for an incel? spending eternity alone isnt my idea of heaven
Literally living forever and ruling the universe alongside God
ngmi
No need my son, you have received the dubs of salvation
i wont go to heaven i'm too much of a shitty coward
i'm lazy and content to just bum around all day
i'm a horny retard playing with my cock for hours
i'm prideful af and do my skin, think i'm smart, and more tasteful than everyone else
i'm greedy and even though i'm sat on over $100k i live like a borderline homeless person and accept hand outs
i'm a faggot and a jealous one because i want the boy i can't have and it's killing me with apathy
i avoid people because i'm such a piece of shit i know anyone who gets to know me would hate me
i struggle with lust daily :(
When you control your urges and control your lust God will give you what you wnt.
should i start posting about Jesus daily???
Well, on the off-chance... I've lived my life atoning for any and all sins my younger self committed. My life to this point has felt like perdition. If there is a Heaven, I would love to experience happiness at least once. I'd rather have reincarnation though. Please.
