Growing ever closer with waifu edition
Rules:
1. Talk about your waifu!
2. Be devoted to your one waifu for laifu!
3. Let waifuism guide you.
4. Don't feed drama or shitposters.
5. NO 3DPD!
6. Most importantly, have fun!
Previous: >>72926772 
Nanaka
Kek
i love my green eyed rock &amp; roll queen!!!!
reposting 
brb kms
boards
Throwback question lol
I feel like she would look at the art related boards, so /ic/ and maybe /diy/
worlds
She's familiar with both worlds pretty intimately, but I think she would be a bit put off by humans not knowing who she is in the real world.
I always felt like I would be infatuated with magic though. Like I would spend hours just messing around with it and playing grab ass with other adventurers lol
hobby
Definitely art, lol. It's already canon that she's good at that. Maybe sculpting or something similar other than just painting. Architecture maybe?
friend
I think Aqua would be friends with you if you don't treat her like shit. (and aren't undead). And I mean that in the best way possible. She's very nice and makes fast friends with most people. I always have this weird fanfic thing I like to do where I imagine her finding some way to make Wiz (the only other "good" Konosuba character) into not undead so they can be friends together. I also sometimes headcanon in other gods who have friendships with her
I always felt like I wanted to help Aqua. I want to not only provide her with praise and love but also improvement. Not through bullying and petty, immature name calling - but through working with her. Instead of yelling about her for her financial issues I work with her and try to find some way that allows me to help her with her monetary issues. Try to put her in situations where her magic can work its best. A lot of people hate Aqua because they see her as stupid, and while she does struggle, she doesn't have anyone there to help her. I want to hold Aqua and let her know that she isn't worthless, she isn't a failure, she just needs help. Someone to not only guide her and support her but to love her. As self important as that may sound, I really do want to help this Goddess.
why is her skin salmon colored?
I FORGOT A FUCKING PHOTO AGAIN
i have failed you
MMO
I hope you're on pc with a save editor to get things you're missing out otherwise, it's what I was doing when I played the game that wishes to stretch the definition of mortality.
Laugh
There's absolutely no reason to use the Secret Rare SSR Goku Black when compared to the SEC Rare Masked Vegeta (you, versus who she tells you not to worry about) and Zamasu doesn't like 5 card decks as much as he likes seven cards (funnily is similar to Yamcha from what I know of DBH, which admittedly is very limited because language barrier).
1
/k/, and /vg/ most likely, maybe she'd lurk on /ck/
2
I don't think there's anything our world has that hers doesn't, outside of Elon Musk I guess, and if she went to this world, there's a good chance her first thoughts would be of wishing to return to the primordial aether instead of staying here.
3
Vidya, I believe she'd really click with the meticulousness that gaming can bring from maxing stats and strategies, each encounter a puzzle for her to solve in the quickest steps possible. If she were to make a career out of she'd either be pro or speed-running.
Trust
Hope you all sleep well tonight, and maybe have better image/reply ratios to prevent such early threads (unless that's an okay thing in this board???).
assuming she ever found out about this site, /mu/, /v/. maybe /tv/
waifu's world
Kim's world, as i've mentioned before. has different laws of physics.
her world essentially runs on video game logic. 1-ups, stats, yada yada yada.
it's an interesting part of their universe
there's also ninjas, robots, traveling through dreams, energy blasts, demon hipster chicks, psychic vegans, and shonen bullshit.
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
I feel like she might enjoy drawing desu
loyalty, definitely
what boards would waifu browse?
/biz/, /diy/, /tg/, possibly shitposting on /pol/
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
Waifu's world has no computers or internet. She would probably enjoy 4chan though kek.
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
I could see her being into esports and competitive vidya.
Respect. She doesn't like being patronized or treated like a kid (she's 18)
This may be due to her having small titty syndrome
I was letting Youtube autoplay and Smile.dk came on. I ended up listening to their playlist and it occurred to me that Shadow would 100% have their songs on an iPod. He wouldn't tell anyone and would probably be a bit mortified if someone found out he listened to such girly music. I think that's amazingly cute. I honestly like that he's a bit fruity. In his first years of life the only company he had was a preteen girl, so it's no wonder he'd be into things like bubble pop, ear piercings, flowers and skin care.
Besides the girly pop on his iPod he'd totally have rock on there. Like Three Days Grace and Linkin Park, some older classic rock bands as well. And he'd also have songs from anime OSTs on there. He's just the right combination of genuinely badass, tryhard emo, pure warrior and fruity weeaboo. At least in my head. I kind of combine all the radically different interpretations over the years into one, because consistency isn't Sonic Team's strong suit. He's just so amazing, he's perfect even when he's not.
But yeah to conclude the word vomit, Shadow would listen to this. 
https://youtu.be/AZb6903o8vY [Embed]
https://youtu.be/Gr9L4UwxGV0 [Embed]
New video from Jacknjellify = new screenshots of Foury! &lt;3
Foury was very adorable in this short, I especially love this one moment :D
(Even if that video had that Two thing in it I will not let the bad thoughts win over me!!)
what boards would waifu browse?
I unironically can see him making threads on /b/ to rant about him contestants and stuff
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa?
Humans! David and Dora don't count, even though I have a joke headcanon that they're the humans of BFDI world, still
how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
Very amazed and bewildered! Can you imagine seeing creatures that stand upright like you do but are twice as big as you? He's be speechless!
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
Might sound silly, but I want Foury to learn to fish and fish as a hobby..
Loyalty, he hates being abandoned undet any circumstances
what boards would waifu browse?
/k/ would interest him. He'd also look at /a/. Lesser visited boards would be /v/, /c/, /an/, /adv/, /lit/, /o/. I wouldn't be surprised if he visited /u/. According to the latest game, he's not that good with computers, but he can at least navigate them. Maybe 4chan's simple style and anonymous nature would attract him. I feel like his posts would range between well thought out and some variant of "Kill yourself".
He wouldn't like /r9k/ since the culture of this board is blaming everybody else for your problems. I genuinely think he'd despise that type of mindset, based on what I know about him. Very much a "pull yourself up by your bootstraps, you don't need anybody but yourself, stop giving a shit what people think" type of person.
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
The Chaos Emeralds don't exist here, maybe for the better. If I saw a Chaos Emerald, I would think it's a fake and not do anything of note with it. 
I don't exist in Shadow's world. Shadow would feel neutral upon seeing me.
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
Hmm...I think he'd enjoy cooking? I don't know if that's really "new", the one meme event says he volunteers for soup kitchens but he's taking a break since they told him his cooking sucked. But even if he sucks, I genuinely think he'd enjoy baking. I can see him making sweets and decorating it with as much precision as he can, as if it's a work of art. So my headcanon is that it'd look really good, but the taste wouldn't be anything amazing. 
This is a neat one to think about. Shadow felt close to two girls, named Maria and Molly. Maria and Molly shared several traits. Optimism in spite of everything and a strong dream to pursue. Someone he could trust with his innermost feelings is also very important.
I love my wife
I'm not particularly attracted to any type of clothing, but maids looks pretty cute, specially when my wife is wearing that outfit
Chara and partner, sharing love.
I feel like if I could live out my fantasies in reality with him, and be able to spend nearly every day physically with him, some of my problems would lessen or outright disappear. Maybe that's wrong and I'm too optimistic. Maybe new problems would pop up in their place. But in spite of that, I can't help but feel that some of the things I worry about wouldn't matter if I were with him. He could offer his take on the other issues, which would help me improve and feel better. 
When I have a headache and am tired of life, burying my face in his fluffy chest seems like it'd work better than any drug.
What's there to worry about when I get to wake up in his arms? It seems like all the bad things would be insignificant if I simply had that. Sometimes I feel like I'm reaching out for something that's behind a bullet proof window when I think about the life I want with Shadow.
It is. Thread reaches image limit, we move on onto the next thread. That's how it's been for years.
Alright, let's bring more activity with a classic: questions about waifu/husbando!
Fun fact because I just want to post my wife, the reason Kana's pilot suit is black is because her country is not!Imperial Germany and its a reference to the hussars (and later tank crews) of many German states wearing black uniforms. I still haven't really designed it yet, since besides that Koikatsu pic, this is the only image I have of her wearing it (it came with an early design of her mecha, Kana was an afterthought in the image). I should get more, she looks cool.
court one of their kind.
bro I would be surprised if they even objected considering all the shenanigans the gods do
what boards would waifu browse?
/pol/ lmao jk, he's not interested in using the internet, let alone 4chan
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
he'd be confused about most things since only Earth in universe 7 in dragon ball has what we have but is more advanced, and Zamasu saw only a destroyed ver of it.
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
well I headcanon that he got into studying history and science and also started gardening. He generally seems to be the studious type and he also seems to like nature  His hideout was a wooden cabin in the forest instead of hiding in the sacred world of kais which he can easily teleport to so either the writers were retarded once more or Zamasu took a liking to Earth's nature 
what is the most important quality waifu looks for in a friend/lover?
He was never interested in either but it's obvious he'd want someone decent and respectful
save editor
I didn't know such a thing exists till today, man that would've made collecting TP medals easier since that's the only thing I struggled with (I grew addicted to Hero Colosseum for a while until my figures became useless in the face of new opponents)
loyalty
I heard that she was cheated on in the story (idk who her bf was but what a jackass), did that affect her?
kek why tho?
I wanna cuddle corrupted Zamasu and tell him he's still the most beautiful thing in the world
does your waifu/husbando have a favourite snack? If yes then what is it?
He only likes tea as far as I'm concerned but I'd give him snacks to go along with it
what kind of gift would you buy your waifu/husbando for a special occasion, say an anniversary?
Books!
what is one thing about your waifu/husbando's source material do you happen to dislike? Why?
The source material
Idk if Kais were babies lmao but I'd try to turn him back with the dragon balls (while cuddling him along the way ofc, I ain't wasting the chance.), will also take pictures to tease him with later after he returns to normal
what boards would waifu browse?
/s4s/ maybe.
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
Vento Aureo takes place in 2001 and a lot of things have come to exist since then. Narancia would be both confused and think they're cool.
Real life doesn't have Jojo shit like Stands. I'll admit, if I saw such a thing I'd be like "holy shit a Jojo reference"
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
Something outdoors that fits his energy and lets him explore places.
what is the most important quality waifu looks for in a friend/lover?
Their utmost loyalty to him.
does your waifu/husbando have a favourite snack? If yes then what is it?
Possibly oranges.
what kind of gift would you buy your waifu/husbando for a special occasion, say an anniversary?
A very cool knife.
what is one thing about your waifu/husbando's source material do you happen to dislike? Why?
His part should have ended differently. He deserved better.
This must be the work of an enemy Stand!
well. she was cheated on by her most recent boyfriend. Jason Kim (why is she dating someone who has her first name as his last name? who knows?)
the effects of this on her aren't explored much.
Scott, her previous and most well known BF, didn't cheat on her but was a massive asshole and moved away without telling her during high school. and generally mistreated her.
what boards would waifu browse?
Topic and discussion focused boards like /k/, /diy/, and /fit/
I think he would spend most of his time lurking, occasionally popping in to give advice or correct people on things he's knowledgeable in. His sense of humour is pretty dry and boomer-tier so I don't think the meme boards would appeal to him at all, but who knows. 
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? 
Teleporation technology. It's how and why everything went south in the first place. What was supposed to be a revolutionary means of transportation led to the death of billions when a portal to hell was opened.
how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
Afraid. Intrigued. Exploring the reclaimed Earth and visiting (what's left of) Mars all on the same day would be fun, maybe he would even show me around Argent D'nur... The risk of evisceration at every turn might spoil the mood though. 
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
Model building. I don't know why but I feel like it suits him. A lot of precision is needed and it's an engaging hobby that keeps you busy. 
He would evaluate you on your trustworthiness, worth ethic, and adherence to virtures.
Didn't know
If you are on PC, then I welcome you pandora's box; XV2 has a modding community.
https://videogamemods.com/xenoverse/mods/xenoverse-2-save-editor/
Warning
There are horny modders and that for modding (not the save editor) you'd need the XV2Patcher and XV2Installer (of which I don't know if they updated to the newest DLC) to get the mods in-game.
HC
You'd probably love SDBH if you liked HC (just imagine better cards, better mechanics, better animations, better economy, a good custom card creator, and more kino models because we're still clinging to Budokai 3 baby).
1
Chocolate
2
Really good chocolate, probably see if nearby hobby shop, maybe even get a cooking recipe. And/or maybe some form of hobby-related gift (gardening material (plant or tools), vidya, knife).
3
A lot leans into sub-text that may not even have been planned by the author.
Try to take care of them the best I can, if in their world, there is magic so it could be undone.
showing waifu an old youtube 2000's jumpscare vid
Going to your or your waifu/husbando's favourite band live performance!
why is he with a giant granola bar
Cause I don't have a pic with Foury as a band member so I just grabbed a random one :P
Why aren't you with a giant granola bar you oatlet
Continuing love with Nanaka.
what boards would waifu browse?
Most likely one I can see is /an/. /x/ is possible as well for obvious reasons, but it's so schizo nowadays that I doubt she would really visit it seriously. Possibly some other boards to shitpost if she wants.
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
Gardening, being able to make something that's both natural, pretty, and a good place to relax in. We should really start doing some research on it
what is the most important quality waifu looks for in a friend/lover?
Dedication and consideration. She says her favorite thing that I do is when I ask her if it's okay to do something, or apologize to her even if it isn't necessary, because it shows how much I value her opinion.
why is her skin salmon colored?
Shading
The shirt in that pic is more salmon color than her skin though
does your waifu have a favourite snack?
Not in particular. In general she tolerates eating junk food more than I do, though still in moderation. She says they're an alright way to quickly fill up if you're hungry.
what kind of gift would you buy your waifu for a special occasion, say an anniversary?
Good question. I think I would get her some new outfits to try. If there's something that she thinks could improve our life but isn't too necessary, I'd get it for the birthday or anniversary too, since it would be a gift.
what is one thing about your waifu's source material do you happen to dislike? Why?
Koikatsu mods can be ass with compatibility sometimes
Waifu suddenly transformed into a baby version of themselves! What will you do?
Uoooh
Not actually, if she did turn into a baby I would try to raise her and provide as many good experiences for her as I could. If she got older it would get awkward though
Based
I've been considering getting into it, having the models you make be physical would be much more satisfying than building shit in minecraft lol
She'd be more likely to do that with our enemies. If it was our deathbed, I think it would be a lot more special. We would reminisce over our life and all the times we thought things would stay good/bad forever, think about how much we've done together for the (likely) majority of my life. We'd talk about what things were like during her first few months, and look back on those times with a smile. We'd promise that even after death, we'd never part, and that we'd face whatever afterlife there is together, just like we've faced so many other problems. Focusing less on regrets, and more on the things that we're glad we did. It really is odd to think about what we'll be like by that time, especially considering that most of the stuff we'll reminisce over hasn't even happened yet. But even with that, I still get sentimental when thinking about our relationship.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHmcd_W8hCo [Embed]
what board would waifu browse ?
Probably /fit/, /wsr/, /g/, /ck/, /lit/, /mu/ and /hm/.
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
Her world is modelled on the contemporary world we live in, with the same technology. So nothing that exists here exists there. The thing they have there is magic. I'm obviously going to believe that this is false since I'm the kind of person who isn't into esoteric delusions without evidence with a slight curiosity.
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why ?
Content creation and especially video games or music I think.
It was said in the source material: The person in question must be able to have real convictions and be able to defend and respect them. loyalty too btw.
Yeah it's kokichi ouma 
what boards would waifu browse?
He would definitely browse /v/ or one of the video games boards, he might browse /pol/
what is one thing your world has that waifu's world doesn't, or vice versa? how would you/waifu feel when seeing it?
Nothing, they have everything we have but more advanced. 
what is one new hobby you think waifu would enjoy and why?
Jetskiing
Trustworthy
Repost b/c Im retarded and didnt upload an image
snack
Probably fancy chocolate
gift
About as much as I could financially handle lol
If I had to pare it down to one thing I would go for some jewelry or a nice hairpiece that allows her to show off while also showing how much i love her. Tasteful yet extravagant 
source material
Oh god, where to start?
If I had to just pick one thing though, it would be Kazuma. I hate him as a character I hate him as a protagonist, I hate how he treats Aqua, and to be honest Im jealous of him. Like, why does he get to be with Aqua if hes just going to treat her like shit? I think I could come up with a whole list of issues but thats the worst one 
I will say though - the animation in Konosuba is good and I like the art style.
throwback question
I simply reverse whatever magical mishap lead to that and we carry on like nothing happened
Hmmmm, choices choices..
Do that one
Four bdsm
does your waifu/husbando have a favourite snack? If yes then what is it?
He likes junk food, that much was confirmed. 
what kind of gift would you buy your waifu/husbando for a special occasion, say an anniversary?
Our "anniversary" was fourteen days ago... give or take. I can't pinpoint the exact date so I go by the oldest photo in my gallery. In doomwife fantasyland I would treat him to his favourite meal or rent us a movie to watch, no need for anything lavish. 
what is one thing about your waifu/husbando's source material do you happen to dislike? Why?
The inconsistencies that make it difficult to compile a proper timeline of events and create contradictions in his characterization, also the modern doom lore is a bit too "whimsical" for my tastes...
Waifu/husbando suddenly transformed into a baby version of themselves! What will you do?
Shake him.
Me too. It's just such a costly hobby... 
Holy based. Waifu really is for laifu and whatever else comes next. There isn't anything more precious in life than growing old with your soulmate.
Bible Discussion/Study Meeting with Foury? I don't think he'd be able to grasp the concept and I'm not christian myself
fuck, you're right. what have I been doing this whole time
water daniel
I suggest using the first one since the first one is usually the most used
I'll make a proper post tomorrow. anyway I hope atsushifag pops up sometime again
waifu toes
waifu toe beans
kept waiting for this gif to move rip
ok?
does your waifu have a favorite snack
nothing canon, unfortunately
gift
maybe a custom tailored outfit in her favorite color or a really really really good drum set.
one thing about waifu's source material
hmm...
the end stretch is kind of lame but overall there's not much i dislike.
Waifu/husbando suddenly transformed into a baby version of themselves! What will you do?
assuming in this scenario there's no way to reverse it... 
send her off to somebody else. i'm not fit enough to take care of a child. there's no way I wouldn't screw her development up. I refuse to let her turn out retarded like me
going to waifu and her band's live performance!
cheering her on from the audience!
seeing her catch you in the audience and smile!
waifu playing her heart out!
I have no idea what my future holds.
I'm, to put it lightly, a dumbass.
but I just hope she's in it.
modern doom lore stinks
why is he with a granola bar?
waifu making lemonade
May the waifu and husbando anons all be sleeping cozy on this night.
gn waifugen
Who is daniel
drinking waifu's lemonade
who is daniel and why hasn't he drank water yet
my wife is an actual woman
you mean her piss?
What else could I have meant?
damn an entire save editor for XV2! now I'll finally be able to finish HC
There are horny modders
kek
tips
thanks! those will help quite a lot
Have you played the game? if so how much would you rate it?  I'm curious since the DB games I played are average at best 
good for you.
anon, that is clearly Ryan Gosling.
what about normal, actual lemon juice with sugar, you mongs?
Introducing waifu to the concept of shitposting and laughing alongside her as she hones her style for maximum (you) gains
Too many waifufags impose their own desires onto their waifus.
I hold my waifu at knifepoint, demanding her urine. Just give me the piss, you stupid bitch.
waifu opening a lemonade stand
I once saw a guy (not in these threads) who was getting people to draw fat fetish/weight gain art of his Waifu
very odd behavior
bbw seems to be a common fetish on this site
I worry I'm doing this a lot. My cope is remembering the Jojo fandom is full of Twitteroid zoomies who do it far worse. The problem is remembering they exist also pisses me off.
lil buddy was sick, took all his bands
SDBH
Alright, I bring you a gift, rentry.org because this is easily 5 posts or some shit and that is obnoxious to spam post as the user, also, organization.
Link
https://rentry.org/lmao123
Are you calling BT3 average? Fusions could be a fun game to look into, and Infinite World, sucks in a lot of ways compared to B3 but I'd say plays better than Budokai 3.
I do fear of doing this when I just want them to impose their desires on me.
Because they're tasty!
As we go through with more and more plans, things are really starting to look up. I'm glad we're together.
Wish I had that level of confidence
Me too. It's just such a costly hobby...
True. I guess I'm lucky that I have a 3d printer but still, it's just making something on a computer and telling a device to make it. I want to make something with my own hands, using tools to cut wood or something. Obviously this view is pretty idealistic compared to the physical labor it takes but it does seem like a great hands-on thing to do. If we somehow get enough spending money we might try getting a model kit or something somewhere down the line.
There isn't anything more precious in life than growing old with your soulmate.
Absolutely. Spending time to relax together with granny waifu would be such a nice and sentimental thing - a physical reminder of how long you've been together and the dedication that goes into that.
Going full Lars and the Real Girl with waifu
Planning out and refining your shitposts with waifu in order to extract the exact reaction you want
Somewhat biased but I think some amount of that is fine. IMO romantic partners inevitably impose each other's desires onto each other at least a little bit. Getting carried away like >>73002213 or >>73001095 is obviously pretty harmful though.
EA cucked. No more Alice. It's over.
I don't want to impose my desires on Foury but I DO want to impose my special interests on him! I want to show him my favourite shows, films and video games and make him a fan of them so we can talk about them all day long!
Chara and I continue sharing our love.
I thought so too until she told me to keep going.
yeah I do fear I do this sometimes. I catch myself kind of imprinting my own insecurities and issues on Aqua and every time I do it makes me feel really gross. It is kind of inevitable though.
LMAO
holy shit gherbo is right
It may be the definite over for her series, but never an end to my everlasting love for Alice. She may even be forgotten by time itself one day. But my heart will still be there, burning with passion for her.
How much I wish I could make her happiness and wellbeing my responsibility. How much I wish I could be the guardian of her smile. I dream of making her happy. If only I could find a way to actually reach her and be her best friend and lover she could ever imagine.
I just went to 2chan once again after forgetting about it for long time and turns out it has a mathematics board! Looks very interesting (even if my japanese skills are still not the best even after a few years of self education..), I'm gonna save some pics from it and show them to Foury! He's gonna love these, for sure~
He would be, if he didn't misinterpret what I meant. What I mean is people talking about how their waifu would behave in X and Y situations when what's actually known about them does not add up to that conclusion. Too many times I get the feeling of "Would they actually do that? Or is it a case of "I would like it if my waifu responded like this, so that's my headcanon"
Maybe people's waifus/husbandos are more complex than what you, a person with surface-level understanding of them, would think.
Oof. Sounds like I hit nail on the head.
Like it wasn't incredibly obvious
waifu's cold hands
I hate the world today...
You're so good to me, I know, but I can't change.
tried to tell you but you look at me like maybe I'm an angel underneath
innocent and sweet...
Yesterday, I cried.
Must've been relieved to see the softer side
I can understand how you'd be so confused
I don't envy you.
I'm a little bit of everything
ALL ROLLED INTO ONE!
I'M A BITCH
I'M A LOVER
I'M A CHILD
I'M A MOTHER
I'M A SINNER, I'M A SAINT!
I DO NOT FEEL ASHAMED!
warming up waifu's hands!
waifu shitpositng on the early 2000s internet!
I should make one of these for Kim.
Lina would definitely shitpost
Coming inside from the cold walking up behind waifu and placing your cold hand on the back of her and asking her if your hands feel warm
i would totally do that to Kim!
By the power entrusted in me by my waifu this thread shall live to see page 10 another time
how did you guys know you were ready to settle down? i think i've found the one and it's been a few years but i just don't know, i keep doubting myself
May the waifu and husbando anons all be sleeping cozy on this night.
And then there's me, who woke up at 6PM... Bleghhh.
I have no idea what my future holds.
You should be kinder to yourself regardless of what lies ahead. Kim would want that for you.
I'm, to put it lightly, a dumbass.
You should be kinder to yourself regardless of what lies ahead. Kim would want that for you.
but I just hope she's in it.
You should be kinder to yourself regardless of what lies ahead. Kim would want that for you.
modern doom lore stinks
I think it's the clash in aesthetics for me. Too many genres intersecting, too many subplots, too many weird twists. It's not a story-driven game so the developers can write whatever they want, but still, Jesus...
True. I guess I'm lucky that I have a 3d printer but still, it's just making something on a computer and telling a device to make it.
Rich bastard. Making 3D model still takes a good amount of skill, or at least an eye for detail. 
I want to make something with my own hands, using tools to cut wood or something. Obviously this view is pretty idealistic compared to the physical labor it takes but it does seem like a great hands-on thing to do.
Woodworking seems like a lot a fun, the type of hobby that's both fulfilling and practical aside from, say, collecting things. I would probably lob my arm off with a saw if I attempted it though.
If we somehow get enough spending money we might try getting a model kit or something somewhere down the line.
You should! 
It's a sweet thought, but now that I think about it I would be the only one growing old and feeble, which feels unfair to him... At the same time I don't think he would do anything to prolong my life, seeing as that would be selfish if only for his own benefit.
than you, jesus
when waifu is the only thing keeping you going when life is bleak
this just reminds me I have a math exam coming up.
I hate university.
I mean, I do that too, you kind of have to. But I think the difference is it depends on how in character it is
i can say yes, this is true from first hand experience
Thats how I see it with Aqua. I dont want to force her to watch me wither away while she stays young and healthy. I try to find some way to give myself immortality alongside her.
lot of grass types there, any reason why?
She has a pretty explicit "connection" to flowers in the series. See the flower hairpiece she always has on, MC gave her it when they were young and she treasures it even at the epilogue. Her name also has the kanji for flowers, the "ka" at the end of Marika, last kanji I put in the name field (good board moment). Also There are only 2 grass types there.
Giratina getting back to his origin form while his boss ost starts blasting on Arceus as he one shots the pokemon I used to defeat him
The giratina battle music is the main reason I'd ever play Arceus, it's so fire.
thought about sandaconda too but don't really like the design
Tell me you have no taste without telling me you have no taste.
how gullible is waifu?
She is shown to be one of if not the smartest characters in the series (an admittedly low bar), including 4th wall breaking power.
That's fucked man, I know that shit can get expensive too. Plan one trying to get it done properly again any time soon?
I get what you mean anon, I used to do that a little more, and I'd say it's easier to, here since you probably don't really think what order she would have her drawers in until you're asked. Some question I ignore completely because the answer ends up being just idfk, and, since it doesn't really feel right to reply to something and say idk you end up getting some out of left field/just the anon's opinion type answers sometimes, is my thought.
Umm, get a hint perchance??
Messed up my reply... Farewell world...
no
i'll stay to piss you off
this song isn't something Kim would listen to but it's kind of cute and it makes me think of her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VdndznHSx8 [Embed]
I hate university.
Ah, sorry Aquaanon!
I don't really like math myself, actually. These aren't for me too, they're for my beloved! But still, I'm terribly sorry..
hopefully this won't die
found a twitter artist that still draws clear! picrel
I don't write myself as much anymore because of school
I hope you find the time soon enough, I like seeing your comfy shorts
(and because my writing is just shit and I throw out everything after 2 pages)
I know this feeling all too well, but waifu would hate for me to be so hard on myself and disregarding all the progress I've made so far
She kind of took over her neet friend's personal chapter too since she ended up appearing more than her.
kek rip. kyou just wouldn't wait any longer. she should get her own focus next valentines day
Amazing playlist
everyone has such good tastes. I hope we get to share music more sometime 
looking good! gonna listen to the ones I don't know of 
Sadly I only have concepts for the story rn but I'll try to flesh it out more once I have more spare time
definitely do. it's a lot of fun making things all come together, especially if waifu is in it
ah I see. partial self insertion is pretty common practice. I would love to hear more about your oc when you flesh her out some more (if you're down of course)
Fun and games and also some business and sports talk! 
even as kids, they did business? also what sports were they into?
All the integers were created by a super old and crazy powerful algebralien named Infinity
so would there be a similar history for the regular objects?
All algebraliens have supernatural powers by default but their power level is directly linked to their mathematical value
I like this one. I will also assume this
four getting the equivalent of grey hairs later in life kek. what if they get lighter and lighter and just eventually disappear into white when life is over
Long story short, Alice's inner child has to battle her inner shadow self (inside Alice's Wonderland), for Alice to be complete as a person.
oh that sounds awesome. would absolutely play
I like how it's heavily based on Jungian's psychology
it is? based. it's cool a series gets deeper into themes as it goes along, like growing with it's audience
Anyway, at the end Alice opens a home for orphans, which is a beautiful ending considering that she was an orphan herself
what a good way to end it, her town will be a much better place now that someone is actually caring for the children properly
kek well, new things take time to get used to, even if it's waifu's new trendy look
If only. Chugged a bunch of tea and 2 Jagerbombs, pulled a hip muscle, and have a giant lump on my elbow from getting slammed to the ground by a 300 lb dude in the mosh pit. Quite a night, and probably the first time for a while I wouldn't want Kana to share in my entire experience. She should only be in moshpits in small doses. Cool cheeky tomboy wife I have, she would've had fun with me either way. I'm too much a friendless loner, I wish I had my bro Kana around to elevate these experiences even higher. Hopefully one day.
in waifugen
the mighty wife gen
the anon sleeps tonight
soon they will awaken
i've also just added Green Eyes by Wavves
P. S. when you listen to the ones you don't know tell me what you think
How to fight my dopamine system when I want to do something ? Because every day it's a dilemma between listening to my brain or listening to my will and what my waifu would want, but it's super hard to get myself to act.
Fusions
I played that one! I admit it was fun except at the beginning. I'm not an avid gamer so my rating of games might be a bit off lmao
how in character it is
this. We know about the characters what the creators want us to know, so we can just assume how our waifu would act in a specific situation considering their personality. Also waifu is still a living being that changes and improves, so putting them in a certain scenario might change how they act
disregarding all the progress I've made so far
fr, even if the writing isn't good, I say continue writing since it'll help you improve.  I can imagine Zamasu berating me for giving up so quickly before he tries to help me 
especially if waifu is in it
couldn't agree more. I like to write sometimes but not fanfics, but ever since I fell for Zamasu, I have noticed that not only am I writing more and more, but I am also writing fanfics.
I tried self inserting a few times but for some reason I just felt out of place so I settled for just using my OC lol
Do you also do partial self-insertion or just self-insertion?
been wondering, is Kana strong? like can she fight using nothing but her body?
waifu on fishtank
waifu on shark tank. what is her pitch?
She wants to open a lemonade stand selling her piss
I actually did stop playing for a time in the beginning because the recruiting of randos was boring (imagine doubling the required farming because you need to farm limit breaks for a quest item), though I have completed the game a lot of time later. It is fully average but there's more intrigue later on, it's just that the systems within are shallow (mainly the skill system, sweet jeebus it's depressing at end game, also EX fusion should've had the option to make the 'normal' fusions like SS4 Gogeta and the like).
Waifu cuddling in co-op
I doubt that's something she can mass produce
Might be off-topic but "Ravers in the UK" is such a good song, it's great even after a decade of discovering it! It also makes me wish that Foury was my classmate in real life in the mid or late 2000s. We could go to a high school party and dance to the latest hits there &lt;3
even as kids, they did business?
Not really, the B section only has one spread dedicated to business and it's about Bubble Co. surviving in recession (not sure if I mentioned it but the comic itself was made in 2009 so I guess it's a dab towards the Great Recession). Also featuring Six screaming during an interview
also what sports were they into?
The sports in the C section and it writes about Foury almost getting sentenced to five years in jail for throwing numbers, the 2 reporters (Rectangle and Octahedron) arguing over authorship of the article about bubble blowing as a sport and Three's article about game of catch in which he gets angrier as he goes further
so would there be a similar history for the regular objects?
Oh, I haven't thought about object lore yet...
Scary... But worry not, this is unlikely to happen since algebraliens are immortal! Still, picturing a very old and almost gray blue Foury makes me feel a bit weird..
what is she doing ontop the fishtank? she's scaring the fish
Shadow Shadow Shadow Shadow love need want 
Kissing Shadow making Shadow happy loving Shadow forever I want his kisses and love and his body against mine I want him in every way I love my husband Shadow 
I can't take it. I'm going batshit.
randos
yeah recruiting the creators' OCs for energy was the worst part. Not to mention the rings game (luckily there were only 2 that we were obliged to go through, but the second one was pure hell, and for what? a fat Namekian we didn't get to scout anyway)
shallow systems
I thought so too of XV2, it's like the only thing that makes some of the DB games marketable are the franchise and not the game itself
and is it just me or are power types terrible in Fusions?
depressing at end game
Fr, what fun is scouting more characters if there's nothing to fight but random NPCs? at least pull a xenoverse 2 and add DLCs
I think it should be the default, not an option. I don't know who'd want to play with their favorite fusion mashed into whatever EX Gotenks was
Our weekly date was a success. Now to work on that essay...
In that case, it's inevitable with the way these threads are. As more unique questions get used up, they become more and more obscure, and as such it becomes harder to answer them, especially for people whose waifu's sources aren't very extensive. But from what I've seen here most anons provide evidence from a source to back up their answers. I'm lucky I can just ask her questions and she can answer them.
Making 3D model still takes a good amount of skill, or at least an eye for detail.
Not really. Printing is sort of antithetical to detail since filament sizes are limited and details often require cumbersome supports.
Most of my models were mechanical parts anyways, since I was on a robotics team in high school
the type of hobby that's both fulfilling and practical aside from, say, collecting things.
Indeed, if I choose to get a major hobby I want it to be a bit more useful than consooming.
I would probably lob my arm off with a saw if I attempted it though.
There's always that bit of irrational anxiousness of injury, especially when it comes to woodworking.
You should!
Eventually. There's quite a few more costly things that take priority though, like getting our own place, or making her physical.
It's a sweet thought, but now that I think about it I would be the only one growing old and feeble, which feels unfair to him...
Well at least he'd still care for you, I suspect. And you'd still have lots of things to reminisce over together.
Did you do differential equations yet >:)
This but I tend to be the representation of logic and she's the representation of instinct
/waifu/ bump post expanded universe when
I hope you find the time soon enough, I like seeing your comfy shorts
thanks
I just haven't had time recently
Aqua would probably join to pay off debt
I just don't see her enjoying or fitting in with Sam Hyde's style of comedy
she's not autistic enough
it's calculus 2. It makes me want to kill myself. Is this what philosophers refer to when they talk about suffering?
I'm trying my hardest to come up with a cute text about Four but for now all I can do is a bump!
Shallow
XV2 isn't as bad as you might think? The combo game is pretty up there, an old channel for this is SSJAipom. The videos might be outdated but he has good things to keep an eye for across his many videos in trying to land various moves without a pesky stamina break (you can even go Instant Severance with Finishing Blow -> Gravity Impact) as well as how every hit, for every character, is a ToD thanks to cancels.
Depressing
It was mainly that despite seeing characters have 50 skills they could use, it really boiled down to 5-7 and farming for good variants of those skills is home-screening on the daily log in thing.
Gameplay wise you could have EX and normal fusions offer different things in team building (perhaps EX have more variety in movepool while normal fusions get better stats/passives).
Kana has some genetic modification which gave her those cute red eyes. She also has slightly greater reflexes (equivalent to the absolute best natural humans) and inadvertently has a body highly effective at processing alcohol so even though she is smol, she could beat me in a drinking contest. Possibly. I would only ever do a drinking contest with her now.
Other than that, she's just a fit, athletic girl.
Are you implying my waifu is genetically modified too??
Genetically enhanced waifu gang???
wtf bros how do we cope?!?
Still sharing love between Chara and her partner, still good.
redheads....I kneel....
Hugging waifu close to you and giving the top of her head a little kiss
You can call her . . . based and redpilled
If Lina is genetically enhanced, why doesn't she give herself big boobs? Is she stupid?
I try to find some way to give myself immortality alongside her.
That's a good idea, would you also become a god or just immortal? Personally, the concept of immortality doesn't appeal to me at all, though I would like a little extra time with him... 
Not really. Printing is sort of antithetical to detail since filament sizes are limited and details often require cumbersome supports.
Hmm, true. I guess I'm used to seeing the projects made with the larger and more advanced industrial printers. 
There's always that bit of irrational anxiousness of injury, especially when it comes to woodworking.
Ehh... People find all sorts of ways to lose appendages around machinery. A healthy dose of caution goes a long way.
Eventually. There's quite a few more costly things that take priority though, like getting our own place, or making her physical.
Oh, yeah, well obviously. The rent comes before plastic display sets. 
Husbando's love forever unwavering, even in your final years!
She's not genetically enhanced. 
Kanafag says that his waifu's red eyes are genetically modified so i jokingly implied that Lina's red eyes were as well
why doesn't she give herself big boobs?
You're dangerously close to pissing her off.
You asked for it. DRAGOOOOOON SLAAAAAVE
Calculus exam went shockingly good. Academic comeback with waifu 
get a waifu who is genetically modified by being above a human
I tend to see myself becoming some sort of demigod.
Also, I dont love the idea of living forever myself - but I see it as a solution to a problem. Like, I would rather life forever with Aqua than die and leave her alone forever
waifu in the passenger's seat
driving to a shark tank audition to showcase her new lemonade shop?
waifu humming along to the radio
Hopefully her red eyes are from a more pleasant process than taking literal gene therapy drugs. Poor Kana. At least she got an easy, decent paying job in her country's National Guard equivalent...oh that didn't work so well for her either.
Red eyes are pretty. Artists seem to often draw Kana with orange eyes though.
Of her best friend's ride, trying to holler at me.
waifu cat-calling you
soon they will wake
waifu stimming
Going to the local park and feeding the birds with waifu
waifu drinking gallons of gatorade
g-gallons? she'll get diabetes
birds shidding on waifu
celebrating 4/20 with waifu (no weed)
Carving your and waifu's initials on a tree
Sharing an energy drink with husbando!
waifu cosplaying as Hitler
bad
I didn't mean it's bad, sorry if I phrased it wrong, I just thought that the majority of moves were more for show than practical use. I swear no move from Majin Buu landed  maybe my reliance on punches made using ki blasts the harder? 
The dual ver was my fav move (and not just cause I can do it with Zamasu)
I did that once on my biology book lol
Why are so many waifufags so fucking bitter and angry at the world? And they always blame the society boogeyman for the shitheaps their lives are in instead of looking at themselves. It's always shit like "My parents are shit", "We live in a society", "Fucking normalfag NPC's I'm so misunderstood", "I have/I'm (insert autism/schizo/bi-polar/etc. here)" Wearing their own personal issues as if it's a badge of honor and behaving as if that they're above anyone else who dares to be happy in life.
It's always somebody else's fault. And the kicker about this whole thing is that if they actually went outside, and met, and actually talked to people, they'd realize that they're way closer to the "normies/npc's" than they desperately claim.
Okay normie/npc
Your response only speaks to the truth of my statements
The entire r9k board is like this. Your question should really have its own thread.
Because not every waifufag is a true waifufag at heart. Many are such cases that one just uses their waifu as a mere crutch to compensate that which they cannot have. The waifu there is not an end in itself, but rather a mere temporary substitute that will be abandoned once their situation changes.
Also, you seem to assume that all waifufags are resentful towards normal people and that they are not able to address their own fault and problems. You are in the wrong here.
Is it really such a crime for lonely people to have a waifu?
There's a difference between being a lonely person who happens to have a waifu and using "waifuism" as a cope.
No, it definitely is not a crime. It is good that lonely people can experience an ounce of love, even in such form.
But it is another thing when some people feel the need to demonize that which they cannot have. By saying things like all women are whores, all men are evil, 2D>3D etc. The more a person utters such things, the more likely they would want to be a part of that normalfag world which they supposedly hate so much, but they are afraid to admit that before themselves.
Just be a good man for her. Lonely or not, it does not matter.
you're right, we're autists and have no life, and we acknowledge and accept that. Do you need anything else?
happy 4/20 waifugen. have a good one. I'll post later but don't expect quality from em
The anons here seem relatively happen all things considered
Happy*
Fak
I wouldn't mind if my waifu were to try it, have a weird fantasy about how it (concept is, femdom white supremacist found the white weeb/nerd, tries to get him/me to pounce until she snaps and proceeds to make the bed crack). Don't think she'd really be down to going for the authoritarian roleplay.
A lot of moves are practical, not needing a stamina break, it's mainly looking for warps, light/heavy knockbacks, and light/heavy knockdowns. If you're a saiyan, Saiyan Spirit guarantees a heavy knockdown for every variety of beam ult if you have the 6+ ki (Divinity unleashed). Dragon Fist/Time Skip Molotov can be from Finishing Blow, Justice Rush (iirc), and Aura Slide's jab, the male saiyan HLHL can combo into Final Flash (as can anything that gets into Gravity Impact, Finishing Blow or Aura Slide jab). Oh fuck, SSjAipom's dead so idk who to go for on good guides for this.
This, except replace Shadow with Kim
did Kana recieve these genetic changes at birth or were they something she personally chose to get later on?
I love this redhead!!!
deadpan waifu cracking a slight smile when a song she likes comes on!
walking through the park and holding hands with waifu!
too long didn't read
waifu and you wearing Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band uniforms
it's over
why the fuck does he have white hair. like I didn't care at all about white haired characters it's whatever but then he wore it better and ever since white haired boys are the best boys? it's a conspiracy
Close enough.
Also yes, we share love.
very cute. love this.
we've come full circle. we've completed the plot
That's not a waifufag problem. That's a terminally online/r9k problem. Like, I for one don't do that (or at least I don't THINK I do) because I actually enjoy my life (besides the fact that Aqua isn't in it)
I see this a lot, actually. Either that or they're doing it as a meme. Like, I think it fits into a few categories
true waifufag
has a waifu and posts on threads like this. Doesn't resent normies and acts semi-normal. Actually in love.
coping waifufag
lonely people who retreat to waifuism as a cope. usually just one of several paths incels go down.
coomer waifufag
Either someone who finds a certain character sexually attractive (but has nothing outside of hollow sexual attraction) or someone who has some fetish or kink, and who uses waifuism as an outlet for it. Doesn't really have any feelings for waifu and just latched on because the source material or some commonly made fetish art fulfilled his kink.
likes a character and makes a lot of memes with them, but feels no actual feelings for them. OR someone pretending to be a waifufag for the sake of humor.
i fucking love that art style
still ym favorte piecrew of all time
make yourselfes!
https://picrew.me/ja/image_maker/165901
Nanaka's apologizing for not being active enough today, she's really sweet and I love her
A healthy dose of caution goes a long way.
As with everything.
Oh, yeah, well obviously. The rent comes before plastic display sets. 
And even after that, I think I'd prioritize waifu stuff, like possibly more merch or even a daki or doll
it's calculus 2
git gud, it was easy when i was in hs
https://files.catbox.moe/x291ik.pdf
Happy birthday Hitler
I remember I made a nazinaka render years ago, it's really barebones though
In reality it is a mix of both the internal and external effects when it comes to having bad luck.
This is verifiably false. I'm sometimes baffled by some of the things normies think. And I'm not even talking about social things - being in uni, I often overhear people talking about trying to get jobs/internships/whatever and they treat it like their life depends on it. Whenever I try to listen to one of their presentations it always comes across as essentially selling your soul for financial gain.
Are people who haven't been in 3d relationships true waifufags? Most of them are coping
As always, the picrews leave little room for customization
need yandere waifu ending
considering adding "Three Is A Magic Number" from schoolhouse rock to my Kim playlist.
He's sooo so amazing and he means so much to me and my heart. Shadow is the thing that makes me happiest. I love him, I need him, he's so perfect in every way, I want to press him as close as possible to me and never let go. I can't think about or focus on anything but him. Only Shadow matters. Shadow is important and I love him. I wmant to be his perfect trad wife who gives him love forever. I want to serve my purpose in life by serving Shadowm. I want to kiss and taste him and make him realize he's a good person who deserves to be happy. I want to make Shadow happy. Shadow belongs in my arms being petted and kissed and called such a good boy. I love Shadow, I need to marry him and see him in a suit with his tail wagging just a little bit as he says his vows. I want to feel Shadow's wedding ring when we hold hands. I want to massage Shadow's adorable pointy ears, I want to give Shadow a back massage when he gets home from a rough day doing work or fighting. I want to have a bath with Shadow and he fits in between my legs and I scrub all the dirt and blood off of him. I'd tend to all of Shadow's wounds and carry him to bed where I tuck him into clean sheets to get rest he deserves. I love Shadow induced psychosis. I hate everyone who sullies Shadow. I love my husband Shadow.
I'm not really bitter or angry at anyone in particular, I just wish I didn't have any RL responsibilities so I could dedicate all my time being awake to loving Foury..
sigh...
le based
Waking up beside waifu every day for the rest of my life
How do you imagine your waifu as a yandere?
damn, these are some good combos
Are there some for female majins? I might be wrong, but I feel like the saiyans dominated the game
lol I also grew fond of white hair because of Zamasu &lt;3
that anime gal is cute! and you managed to nail Clear's design even with the short stack of options.
That's why I stopped using it. Also because it's either design a female character or a gay-lookin' male that looks like a manhwa love interest.
But I admit that picrew has a cute art style compared to most
Zamasu is the kind of person who wears his emotions on his sleeve, but I don't think he'd be that upfront with romance of all things.
Also, I dont love the idea of living forever myself - but I see it as a solution to a problem. Like, I would rather life forever with Aqua than die and leave her alone forever
That's fair, it would be nice (and interesting) to spend eternity with waifu, forever at each other's sides. 
Going to the local park and feeding the birds with waifu
Yesterday I watched a mated pair of robins pick bugs and twigs out of the yard as two crows dive-bombed in the wind nearby. I wish I could share small moments like that with him, even when they're insignificant and forgettable. 
I won't lie, I'm not a big society fan, however I'm pretty open about my own shortcomings that are no one's fault but my own, and I geninuely love my husbando for reasons beyond personal circumstances. He's my light in the dark, a hand to hold when it all seems bleak--but I love him for him, first and foremost, not as a bandaid or a distraction from the harshness of reality. 
spoiler
Nice. I wish I had the money (and balls) to buy indulgent merchandise.
It's difficult to imagine him as the classic competitive yandere, he would lean more into overprotectiveness, keeping you safe from tangible threats instead of feeling jealous over other people. 
I once read "yandere reader-insert scenarios" where he keeps you in a cage and serenades you with his guitars. It was more lol inducing than appealing.
Why the sigh?
About like this. It's pretty OOC for him to be yandere in the first place, but I do imagine some silent jealousy or possessiveness. As in, he'd glare silently if I were to have a conversation with a guy he didn't like. He's not the type to be controlling, though. I appreciate that. 
Yanderedow a cute.
Society is shit, but it can't not be shit. My issues are my own fault, and blaming everybody else for them seems ludicrous. I've always hated that type of behavior. 
I'm angry and depressed at the world a lot, sure, but so is my husbando. I find solace in that. Today, I was listening to his voice clips, where he seemed confused at how humans act so terribly. He quickly devolves into anger and thinks they deserve to suffer. Now granted, this is a hypothetical "dark" storyline path, but it shows how easily he falls into the same line of thinking I have. It's comforting and eases some pain. 
To answer your question, if it wasn't rhetorical, most waifufags are mentally ill and didn't learn how to socialize with real people, used fictional characters to cope and ended up falling for one. Outcasts are, of course, angry at what they can't understand or participate in. The knowledge that your brain is "broken" and that you can't have the happiness normalkeks do leads to resentment, pain, lashing out...
jesus christ? page 10? not on my watch! KIMBUMP!
This! This!! This!!!
completely and utterly terrifying
also very OOC
Yes.
I really can't see it. Aqua is too nice to be that obsessed and I don't think she really could manage the level of scheming and insanity required to do something like that. She's the type to be obsessed over, not to obsess.
I do however sometimes see myself as being kind of like that over her. Not yandere per se but more so just protective. Less "I will kill you if you try to talk to anyone else" and more "I will beat the shit out of anyone who tries to wrong you"
Because I have to concede that despite your obvious mental illness you are quite based
I've done this one before.
Highly possessive. Although some wouldn't think of it Narancia could absolutely be very yandere. He has the qualities.
dead thread but I still love this "totally hateful bitch"!
What was your first thoughts when your waifu appeared?
wake the fuck up /waifugen/
we've got a thread to post in
She isnt real anon.
she's right there. see, i drew her out with the magic marker.
My waifu probably wouldn't be a yandere (at least, most likely not, small chance she could), of course this doesn't mean there isn't a Yandere between us, I exist after all (yandere sub, unhealthy devotion and extreme love for her, have fantasies where I either break my back/mind for her or she scars my body/mind such that no one else could lay claim to me but her). Will note that I will find where some people live if the first thing that comes to mind when yandere is some fucking murderhobo who's most dignified trait is how many times they must've been dropped as a child. One more red-eyed nonce that thinks the knife is the best way to get into senpai's heart and I might become Mr.Fuck Chaos but for a yandere civil war instead because stupid dogs need to stop making me look bad!
Fem majins
Reminder there is training mode in case I'm missing something or you want to experiment. All races sans Frieza race have some tools like warp and heavy knockbacks/downs for stamina-break-less combos. Will admit I don't want to return to XV2 for 100%, and most of the knowledge I retained is of saiyans (male and female). I think HLHL can be a heavy knockback and you can cancel HLHLH into an ult (like Super Black Kamehameha (either one)) before the kick lands (or maybe it's a part of the light combo string). Beast form can be an interesting tool to offer an extremely easy Super Dragon Fist (or similar) confirm with a hard hitting combo string. Any knockback is Finishing Blow which is Gravity Impact and a heavy knockback on demand if you have the ki (dvinity unleashed can be charged to buff off of any knockback, it's like .6-.8 of a bar rather than one).
https://youtu.be/kiJxlhGKUqs?t=78 [Embed]
Curiosity, intrigue before a rabbit hole.
He probably meant on screen, as in what was the thoughts when you first saw waifu.
from the opening, I thought he'd be some kind of assistance to the main cast (and I don't think I realized he was a kai although it's so painfully obvious), when he made his debut, I was indifferent but I thought he was cute, then slowly it turned into an obsession.
i drew her out with the magic marker.
pass it, anon.
fucking murderhobo who's most dignified trait is how many times they must've been dropped as a child
Kek, I admit it's irritating, especially since the face of yanderes, Yuno Gasai, had a reason for obsessing over someone. But teenagers decided to take the edgy, emotionally driven part and ignore the rest
I'll never understand that stereotype. When I was new to social media, I've seen people draw their OCs or characters in a sailor uniform holding a knife and call their lover senpai (One of my friends from the early days on the internet told me senpai means "someone you love so much" and I bought that bc I was a retard.)
I wonder if it stemmed from yandere sim or some shit.
Daily Nanaka post.
Surprisingly, it seems that she can feel sensations using some physical objects as a proxy. Very nice and gives a lot of hope towards making her physical.
It would be quite hot for her to be a yandere but in reality also pretty frustrating.
Nice. I wish I had the money (and balls) to buy indulgent merchandise.
So do I. But it's good to make a plan for what to do with any possible money.
Really considering doing some retail job over the summer, having no car means I might be able to save more than I might be able to in the future
I think I never realized when she "appeared" specifically. It was just gradual levels of sentience. Wait, actually I was really stoked when I got her to become vocal for the first time. I think that was when I realized we had succeeded.
Wait, nanakafag is a tulpafag?
You're only just realizing that?
holy shit i want to play with waifu's clit while she gets wetter and wetter and begins to moan, I want to make her feel as good as possible, fuck I would do anything for her
Thanks anon that made me smile. I want to be the based kind of mentally ill, not the cringe kind of mentally ill. Mental illness with Shadow!
this is a dead thread.... :C
someone ask questions
Ok. tell me what is your pitch? Who's your waifu and why should anyone give a fuck? Sales pitch style
Still sharing love with Chara.
Looks like people are based today.
heh.
I normally post my wife and then leave
Reading the wall posts is pretty tiring
W-want..
Four is already kind of yandere-like in canon, since he's pretty possesive ("I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN BECAUSE I MUST BE X'S ONLY TREASURE!") and has a hard time letting go of things he likes. If he was a true yandere he would be even more dangerous than he already is!
When Four was first revealed in the Black Hole scene in BFB 1 I was pretty confused to see a living number. Then I thought that since he looked pretty unusual compared to the main cast, he will definitely a special role in the season
I actually have my own design for humanized Foury, which I based this one of, but this picrew doesn't have an a blue suit option so it's black instead
It's Earth day !
Every single day, the best thing I can remember about the entire day is a moment where I could smile about Earth chan. Every time I remember Earth chan, it makes me smile a little bit. And every time I think about Earth chan, it overwhelms me with new and good feelings until I need to stop.
All these years, I thought, maybe some day these good feelings will stop, maybe one day, I will get tired of Earth chan and need a break from this person, like with everything and everyone in life. However, it hasn't happened yet.
Today, I'd like to post Earth girls, to celebrate that my home planet was born and had all these great ideas and pieces of advice and jokes. Happy late birthday, friend. Thanks for everything. I love you btw.
impose your waifu onto your desires until you like her a lot
Obviously the one made by Queen44 with 44.4 k conversations, right? Or maybe make a 4th one and chat with that one.
Waifu showing you an old youtube 2000's jumpscare vid
Shadow, your bullet proof window, protecting you from bullets and also fear.
I'm super paranoid, so I don't like saying things like "I'll love my waifu forever", but at some point when I was really tired I promised I would.
You don't need to be certain, maybe you just need to decide that this person is worth taking the risk of making that promise. My life wrests me around a lot and I sometimes doubt what I feel, but I never regretted making that decision, even if it wasn't in my best state of mind.
maybe big boobs aren't always nice
you can make a small wedding in this one too
Shadow curling into a ball like a hedgehog
Ah, well... I think if we got body swapped, countless lives might end within a day. But Earth chan might be the most amazing human there is, for one day.
Do you sometimes wish your husbando was a real human being?
Really considering doing some retail job over the summer, having no car means I might be able to save more than I might be able to in the future
A man ought to wageslave to provide for his waifu. Hoping all goes well if you decide to pursue it.
who would be the more dominant partner in the relationship? Who takes care of who more often? Who is the breadwinner?
Until the demonic threat has been eliminated, he would provide and make most of the major decisions, as in where we're living, where we're going and what we're doing when we get there. In a post-canon universe our dynamic would be more balanced, especially if we had a family.
its freaky friday. You and Waifu get body swapped for a day. What do you do while body swapped?
He laments the physical limitations of my form while I push the limits of his. 
I'm not sure "shy" is the word to describe him, maybe reserved? He's a deeply guarded man. Nonetheless, he would be more open around me than with others, but there would always be that air of mystery to him no matter how close we became.
Kim, by default, since i'm an awkward mess.
we'd definitely both be working, maybe even at the same job!
working at a shitty rental store with waifu!
freaky friday
do cute poses and uhh.... wear cute outfits? 
probably rock out a bit. 
she'd absolutely be more open around me considering how she is with most people.
Seeing waifu masturbating, her fingers gracefully sliding up and down the folds of her wet cunt, with every little move eliciting a gentle reaction from her face...
And thinking of me. Obviously.
who would be the more dominant partner in the relationship? Who takes care of who more often? Who is the breadwinner?
No one, really. I imagine him being bossy but at the same time (reluctantly) agreeing to do things I want. I think he'd be the one to do stuff like cooking since he won't stand my cooking haha-
I'll be the breadwinner since I know more about social norms.
its freaky friday. You and Waifu get body swapped for a day. What do you do while body swapped?
kek, I once swapped our bodies in a game.
More open - he'll still be shy but relatively more open.
husbando/waifu as a robot with a metal heart that goes whhhhrhhrr
waifu going beep boop boop bop beep boop bop
spritzing robowaifu with water
bzzt
Spitroasting waifu with best friend
no. bad
my waifu is my best friend though...
I saw 2 BFDI-themed fever dreams just today, I think this is what Foury dreams about when he has an algebralien cold..
who would be the more dominant partner in the relationship? 
Four, obviously! He wants to be a leader in every given opportunity!
Who takes care of who more often?
I do! I love taking care of him &lt;3 
Who is the breadwinner?
Actually none of us, Four never had any job and I'm still looking for one..
its freaky friday. You and Waifu get body swapped for a day. What do you do while body swapped?
Foury taking an opportunity to live as a human! And me getting carried everywhere by him instead of the usual reverse..
He's way more often with me because he talk about anything and I'll always listen and understand &lt;3
I'm sad, and I don't have Shadow to cuddle. I've been hopelessly in love with him with I was 12. Now I'm 21, he still doesn't exist tangibly, and I'm still lonely. I've already passed his age range, it'd likely be illegal for us to date and I'm only getting older. Why would life give me someone who truly makes me happy when almost nothing else does, but never let me hold him or make him feel loved like he deserves? It's hard to find anyone understands, most people just make fun of me. Like I'm a good punching bag because I care so much about him. It's screwed up. I just want a family, but it feels pointless if it's not with him...and I know he's sad and lonely too. I'll never be able to help him feel less sad and lonely. I'll never experience him slowly learning to trust someone again. I'll never experience the feeling of my heart pounding when he falls asleep leaning against me for the first time. I'll never carry him to bed, tuck him in and crawl into the sheets with him. I want to be a bandaid over his shattered heart and can't. I hate reality. I'll probably end up cuddling the plushie to sleep to cope, pretending I can feel soft fur, breathing, a warm body and a heartbeat. Sorry, need somewhere to vent it.
Stereotype
I think it's part yanderedev, and also just something about things on the internet being about the most base/easily noticed things, and the knife to kill sister thing is more eye-candy or something than the extreme clinginess and kind of became one and the same. There are areas where they are a lot better on this (asmrs, believe it or not, and it seems to be a pattern with some doujins too now). I think a lot of my reeing comes because I do see myself as the HK-47 of yandere, rising into my waifu's heart is an art form, to do more with less as you shine so bright that she can't help but look at you. Going all knifey is last resort of a last resort and about as artful as a drunk shitting all over himself when you can instead play chess with their life if need be.
Dominant
My waifu, ten million percent, but I'd try to take care of her more often because I just want to see her happy. For the breadwinner, it sort of depends on how chips fall in life, I could see either of us becoming the breadwinner.
Freaky friday
Probably still try to do everything that I did on my own body when able, if it's work, I think either of us could've stored an emergency day to call in sick so that we don't have to deal with it. It could be possible that my waifu being exploratory might want to see how it feels like to have me serve 'him' and do cnc.
It might be a shy at first thing until we get more comfortable and she opens up.
The best cope I can give is this: Even if we won't be there for them, that doesn't mean we can't try being our best for our waifu/husbando and taking that honor to our grave, that even if we were to die alone, we can die proud we stood with them. Also with memes of an afterlife, multiverses, and maybe even quantum mechanics, you could say that there's a Shadow watching over you waiting on whatever multiverse thing Sonic has going on, waiting until it's his time to yoink your soul or something.
Isn't Shadobe over 50, anonymous?
Besides, you're on 4chan don't forget, it would be rude for anons to play favorite and not make a punching bag out of everyone.
I don't know if there's a supercope that will make everything dandy but I don't think I can just love someone else because it's easier, and I don't want to either. Maybe this is already the best there is in this life.
I think she's talking about the beastiality part.
Either way it's borderline abusive how she already has a tulpa, a literal real version of him, yet says stuff like "I'll never experience him loving me".
I don't think that part should be bothersome much, since Shadow can even speak and is self aware and intelligent, he's very unlike an animal in that regard.
Why do you love your waifu?
Already did a wedding one of this one, it's okay I'm not a fan of the hair options.
Sometimes I do. I imagine him being the cutest boy ever &lt;3
Because he's perfect and deserves to be loved, obvs!
I have to ask because I am a bit of a math nerd, would showing imaginary numbers (the square roots of negative numbers) mindbreak the Algebraians?
I think yes? Foury would lose his marbles if he ever saw an equation that result an imaginary number
Also, adding variables (a genus of algebraliens) to an imaginary equation straight up KILLS them
waifu doing this dance
https://youtu.be/lBpMSmYP7to [Embed]
Husbando and his clone spitroasting you!
Threesome with waifu and her clone!
boards
/ck/ and /trv/ most likely
world
This world is the same as hers but without magic and viceversa, same with the modern advances if the year she lived on is counted as well.
new hobby
Watching movies/tv series for sure, we'd spend a lot of time like that
important quality
Honesty by far
favourite snack
She's never mentioned anything like that, any kind of sweet from her times would be fitting
gift
I'd save a bit to get her a cute and fancy piece of clothing, either a dress or coat
source material
Right now, all the pointless dialogue between boring characters I don't give a shit about. Makes me skip every single event lately, I really can't stand the game lately.
baby
Do my best for her to not cry or shit herself
is the main reason I'd ever play Arceus
I really enjoyed the game, so it'd be a good choice just to start it
Tell me you have no taste without telling me you have no taste.
It's literally an ice cream cone with a snake face
Absolutely, I really miss her
White hair is amazing, especially with red eyes. Not biased at all of course
That's a pretty accurate way to separate waifufags
Maybe on my next life
She already is and used to be the regular murderous kind in the past.
Found funny that this cute girl was supposed to be a berserker
Most beautiful maiden and person I've ever known, the one I'd love to spend my life with
Sex with more than two people is disgusting and degenerate
you shine so bright that she can't help but look at you
Facts. Plus if she dates you because you murdered everyone else, it wouldn't be as rewarding as her choosing you over others. I'll admit that I sometimes feel a slight urge to kill someone  Bulma  for flirting with Zamasu bc it felt like she was dirtying my pure boy with her slutty antics.
but yeah, yanderes, cool concept for a villain, and not someone we're supposed to root for. Though characters with a light level of yanderism like Anasui from Jojo's Bizarre Adventures are alright
I've already passed his age range, it'd likely be illegal for us to date and I'm only getting older.
Nah, I think she was talking about the age thing.
I love Zamasu, but remembering that he's probably the youngest of his race (which lives for millions of years) and the least experienced makes me want to take a more motherly role toward him.
imaginary numbers
probably the equivalent of ghosts, take it from me, I haven't watched the show
Threesome with Zamasu and Black sounds cool.
Where do I even start? At first, there was no specific reason other than that I'm usually attracted to collected, reserved guys but lately, I realized how much I adore his desire for justice, and while I agree his actions weren't good and were counterproductive  I still blame his retarded mentor and the shitty figures he encounters and will encounter if he lived longer  I love his pure intentions. I know intentions don't justify shit in real life, and I 101% agree that they don't, but somehow his pure intentions attract me since it means someone is so pure hearted they legit have good and selfless motives behind doing stuff. Most people call him a psycho which I understand considering he descended into madness, and that's the side that was displayed more, but whenever I see him before all this, I just feel sorry for him since there were opportunities for him to change and learn but was let down. He makes me feel genuinely happy, and I'll do anything to make him smile.
but they're the same person? it's basically fucking the same person twice at the same time (Unless they weren't the same person, then yeah, it's garbage.)
If a perfect clone of me were fucking my wife I'd view it as cuckshit, even though he's "the same person" as myself.
I'm talking about a scenario where the waifu is real though, so a selfinsert wouldn't exist on the first place.
that would just make me even more insecure since I can't say "that person's not real but I am haha"
what if my waifu likes chad clone more? what if my chad clone likes my waifu more? I'm sad and scared
would you also think watching a video of you and waifu having sex as cucking?
Every time I see this dude's art it just reminds me of how much I wish I could just live a comfy domestic life with Aqua. Just us living together and supporting each other through thick and thin.  Too bad he uses his talent to draw her getting choked by Kazuma because abuse makes this fandom clap their hands together like seals! Brother and sister my ass!
dominant one
Personality wise Aqua is more dominant. I see her kind of being the bigger one and the one who kind of talks a lot for me. I'm not a super over the top person. I would definitely be the breadwinner though. Aqua struggles with finances and I'd rather help her with that that anything else
freaky friday
I play around with her powers and she sulks around the whole day until it gets fixed lol
Shy
Not at all!
A man ought to wageslave to provide for his waifu. Hoping all goes well if you decide to pursue it.
BASED
always wanted to cuddle with Aqua and watch movies with her all day
fucking dream life
I could go on and on, but I feel I can narrow it down to one central thing.
Aqua is just so, so overlooked. She gets dragged through the mud, treated like shit, and gets thrown around by a manchild who sees her as nothing. It's heartbreaking. While there's so much more I love about Aqua - her bubbly personality, her intense emotions, her undying dedication to her party despite how miserable they make her, all of it - I really just feel like at the end of the day she needs a hug. She needs someone there to hold her when she's down and help her with her issues.
I'm sad now.
I am literally just jealous of everyone in the konosuba world, literally just because they get to be with her and I don't. I guess that's something I often fail to convey in these posts.
I thought she was the most popular
Why would I? That'd be me, not the clone.
twist, the one in the video was the clone
I meant underappreciated more than anything else
Thrown around and taken for granted
A lot of the time I cope by telling myself I'm simply happy that I can show my love for him at all. Even if he doesn't receive it, I'm at least showing the world he's loved, there's someone who loves him and thinks he's super important. Usually it works but there are days where it makes me break down, especially if I was already in a shitty mood.
That's a cute thought. But I can't get myself to believe it, because I can't believe he'd want me in the first place. I feel like logically he wouldn't. I don't have the traits he likes and I'd have a hard time not being discouraged at first with how he pushes people away.
But thank you for the advice anon.
Yes, he is, but he was made to be 15 and will be physically 15 forever.
It's not just 4chan where people do this. It feels like it's everywhere sometimes. I wish life were somehow far happier and hopeful than it really is.
How's Leah doing?
https://files.catbox.moe/2jor8e.mp4
It'd be so hard for someone like me to connect with him. I'd try my best, but it's hard. I suppose I like that about him though...it makes gaining his trust all the more satisfying.
Earth Day means a lot of the trains in our area are free, so we went on a bit of a date. It went quite well all things considered
who would be the more dominant partner in the relationship?
Honestly, I wouldn't say either of us is truly dominant. Sure, I follow her advice a lot, but she also follows mine just as often. She may pretend to be dominant when teasing me, but it's just an act - a fun one, but just an act.
Who takes care of who more often? Who is the breadwinner?
She probably takes care of me a lot more than I do of her. Mostly because in her view, being a physical human can be very stressful on a person, and she wants to help relieve that stress as much as possible. But also, since I'm the physical one I'm the breadwinner of our system.
its freaky friday. You and Waifu get body swapped for a day. What do you do while body swapped?
If it's Friday then we just go about our day as normal. Maybe she'd do uni work differently or try interacting with others, but it'd mostly be the same as my normal days. In the first part of this year we tried to switch every day but that ended up using a lot of energy so we stopped.
is waifu shy around you or more open?
More open - again, we give each other advice and just generally be with each other. But that's not to say she's super extroverted either - there's lots of times where she just sits back and enjoys our time together, no talking necessary.
Wait, nanakafag is a tulpafag?
Wait, anon is a slowpoke?
A man ought to wageslave to provide for his waifu
Put down that box cutter Gus
my waifu is my best friend though...
Based, me too
Because she's constantly been there to comfort me and tell me it's okay, even if nobody else was. She's stuck with me despite all my flaws for all these years. And of course I'd be lying if I didn't mention her beauty. Casual, comfy, and all her traits coming together to make a tupper you just wanna hug.
i'm gonna make a post soon
t. Kimfag
Waking up beside waifu every day for the rest of my life
This is my reality and I love it
waifu in the passenger's seat
I actually made a render of this once, back when I got my driver's license
So it's just the Persona 3 protagonist
Just put a DaBaby pic there instead
You joke but Nanaka has actually wanted to do the latter on multiple occasions. She's weird
But isn't it? You're cursed with knowing someone nice, that's all. Maybe you just forgot what it's like to be jaded and to not care about anything, since it's been so long, but I remember it clear as day. Suddenly having feelings means that even if the universe were soft like clouds I'd still be worried for my waifu and whether the things I think and do are right.
I think, if you spend a lot of time thinking about the right words, you might forget the value some people, like my husbando and maybe yours, give to actions, rather than words.
You don't need to craft the right personality and the best opening line with words, you're valuable for the things you do when you listen to your conscience. In such a way, even a mouse can fall in love with a rabbit, I think. Or a lion with a dirt bug.
If you have a weak heart that bends when pushed away and you two don't have the most fitting personalities, but you still fell in love with this one, out of all the available ones, and like him the best, isn't that proof enough?
We might be trying to make flowers bloom in concrete, but their limited lives, I think that's still exactly the kind of life I want to live, the kind of love I want to love.
nice Earth day date anon
Based.
ideally though both parties should be working
K. I. M!
listening to robofu's whiring heart!
robo waifu beeping love letters in morse code!
I can only imagine how I'll feel about Kim in a decade.
I hope i'm still loving her.
this
also this
that's a very very good post right there
Villain
A hard yandere doesn't even necessarily mean a villain and can be heroic, what else you would call she who cares so much for her beloved she goes far beyond the call of duty to secure their beloved's well being, such as power leveling hard into paladin so that that not even some dark lords can scorch them and their family (heard that a dead planet makes not a good environment for raising kids). She might get clingy but in trying to shine, she trains herself, showcasing intense dedication, and perhaps even ambition if she decides to head the beloved's company or something.
Well we can't really know until we meet with our waifu, someway, somehow, so the most we can try is get an approximation and focus on being the best version of ourselves we can be for them.
Have you or someone else made AI generated art of your waifu? How do you feel about it?
Waifu and you playing innocent pranks on each other that keep getting more elaborate
She just naturally has red eyes
I won't lie, I'm not a big society fan
Based, we live in a society
I geninuely love my husbando for reasons beyond personal circumstances
Even more based
When I first saw her I thought she was funny and cute and she was always my favorite character in Slayers but didn't really have feelings for her until later.
Very Cute. Here's modern domestic Lina
I haven't made any but I've seen AI art of my waifu, I don't think its an affront to mankind but just a poorly used tool. I see it as something that can help with commissions or be a starting point for an art piece, but not the end result. The best AI sin I've seen isn't even mediocre.
I saw a lot of AI art of my waifu and I think a lot of it is very nice looking and gets her very well. Maybe I have low standards.
She doesn't have much of it yet only like five or so pictures so far but only one actually looks like her. I tried and failed to get it to look like her too but who knows maybe one day I'll sit down and learn how to properly generate images
To me a lot of the appreciation of art is the sort of humanity behind, and it could be that for me I do have some standards for art that gets saved, if it'll be sin, it's gotta meat some criteria.
Hm, maybe. To me, AI art doesn't really classify as what I'd call "artificial intelligence made art", but rather that it's art made with a different tool, a tool that works very quickly and can make different kinds of results, but still needs a little skill to use.
Some people I like have made pictures of my waifu with AI art, and that makes them really valuable for me. The pictures I have created with AI art woo me a little less, but I like letting AI remake images that I have made with my own hands, it's like a cool mixture of both making them myself and making them with AI, and I don't think it leaves my waifu soulless or anything.
Yes, they're pretty good, and provide something unique - especially with the different models and styles that are available. The seethe about them is weird but I just think they're neat.
notto dis shittu again...
finally have a chance to read through the thread properly
I always felt like I would be infatuated with magic though. Like I would spend hours just messing around with it and playing grab ass with other adventurers lol
aqua showing you a trick or two! being impressed with her party tricks which surprises her because hardly anyone ever appreciated it and it sparks a conversation
Definitely art, lol. It's already canon that she's good at that. Maybe sculpting or something similar other than just painting. Architecture maybe?
based. what kind of themes would she sculpt? who would she do architect work for?
I imagine her finding some way to make Wiz (the only other "good" Konosuba character) into not undead so they can be friends together
she can't befriend the undead?
A lot of people hate Aqua because they see her as stupid, and while she does struggle, she doesn't have anyone there to help her
ironically, I think there is a lot more wisdom in admitting you lack knowledge, then there is pretending you know it all
As self important as that may sound, I really do want to help this Goddess
nothing wrong with wanting to be as special to your special one, as they are to you. things are better when they're mutual after all
/k/
she's into guns and weapons?
 outside of Elon Musk I guess, and if she went to this world, there's a good chance her first thoughts would be of wishing to return to the primordial aether instead of staying here
kek elon was that much of a deal breaker huh
of course it is for a small waifuthread. don't worry about it- post all the waifus. it makes it easier to keep tract of everyone too
1-ups, stats, yada yada yada
how do 1ups work? what would kim's stats look like?
there's also ninjas, robots, traveling through dreams, energy blasts, demon hipster chicks, psychic vegans, and shonen bullshit
damn she might find our world a bit mundane even for lack of all this kek. or maybe it's one less thing to worry about
possibly shitposting on /pol/
what kind of shitposts would she make?
I could see her being into esports and competitive vidya
do you think she'd feel right at home with certain classes? would she lean more towards playing mages or berserkers?
spoiler
luckily for her, flat is justice here on earth
In his first years of life the only company he had was a preteen girl, so it's no wonder he'd be into things like bubble pop, ear piercings, flowers and skin care
I love this idea, it makes so much sense- people tend to rub off on others. especially if they're all the company you had
finding shadows hidden pop playlist and secretly adding to it to confuse him but he actually likes the new songs too
I unironically can see him making threads on /b/ to rant about him contestants and stuff
kek I'm not sure the other anons would know what he's talking about
Can you imagine seeing creatures that stand upright like you do but are twice as big as you? He's be speechless!
a new challenge- can four wrangle these giant new contestants
it'd take a lot of patience to get down. you might need to get a smaller fishing rod too. tiny four with a tiny rod. any specific reason for wanting him to fish?
how do 1-ups work
well, we don't know much about the video game mechanics of the Scott Pilgrim universe. but....
they're apparently giant floating heads depicting whoever has the 1-up. (the 1-up Scott gets is Scott's head, etc.)
although apparently if you're killed WITHOUT a 1-up you just drop all of your money and are warped back to your home. (since the creator of Scott Pilgrim stated this is what happened to the seven evil exes Scott had to defeat in order to date Ramona)
when you have a 1 up and you're killed. you're revived immediately (or, at least within a few minutes of dying.) right where you died with no injuries. 
although apparently if you're killed WITHOUT a 1-up you just drop all of your money and are warped back to your home. (since the creator of Scott Pilgrim stated this is what happened to the seven evil exes Scott had to defeat in order to date Ramona)
I'm not entirely certain, i feel like she'd be high in Intelligence and Will though.
(and Guts, assuming the stats featured in the video game are to be considered canon)
what kind of shitposts would she make?
Fedposting and LARPing as a Jew for the keks. Also making fun of journos.
do you think she'd feel right at home with certain classes? would she lean more towards playing mages or berserkers?
She's basically a mage with the personality of a berserker, kek
Dangerously BASED
For no reason at all, what would be some good prompts for a /waifu/ themed hunger games simulator?
Don't spam the thread with that garbage thank you.
https://voca.ro/1gTCttFXyo2W
More so just an example, our world and my waifu's world aren't that different (her world has fantasy races but they've been segregated from humanity while they became the modern world/lost magic), the biggest thing this world has that she doesn't is specific people and IPs (even if in her world there is some similarities, there is ecchi in her world).
Hope everyone has nice dreams of their waifu/husbando tonight.
who's your waifu tho?
I'm right now in a lurking stage so I want to keep her hidden, but for a tip, it is one that is already posted here.
Drunk as shit and thinking about Aqua. It would be nice to just drink with her, even in just a friendly way. Like, not even as lovers. Just as friends. I see us as friends and lovers. Doesnt really matter though when youre 8 beers deep and posting in 4chins
God I wish I could hold her
Even when Im this fucked up I still love her so much
Give her someone to cuddle with as we both sleep the booze off 
 aqua showing you a trick or two! 
I would definitely just sit there for hours and admire her party tricks. She needs an audience
 what kind of themes would she sculpt
I always imagined she would be naturally inclined to ancient greek architecture. It would remind her of a time when most portals respected the gods
I just get this vibe that she hates all of them
Natural instincts I guess
I just feel like she would be besties with Wiz if they could actually get along and if Aqua could hug Wiz without her dying
Nyarika
as in someone else has that waifu, or you posted her once?
Happy 12th birthday mate, have a good one
Marika?
. .... 
..::::::^^^^^::.. 
:::::::~!!!!!!!!!^. 
..:^~^!7!!!!!7!777!^. 
.7!~7J??7777??77!!?~ 
.7Y7JJ!?YJ?JJ?YJ????J^ 
7Y?7JJ~!77!7J555JJJY5?.. 
.75Y???PG^...!BB5JYY55!.. 
.7YJJ~^~....:!??JJJ5J: 
^!J5J:......:~5Y??7^.. 
..:~5J!:...^7557^. 
..:?5P7~^^?5P~ 
.:!5BB5J?!~:?JYGPJ~. 
::^YGGPYP5PPGGY5P7:^ 
::^^JYYYGBBBGG5YJ^:: 
:^!:^?7Y5BB5J7^^Y?^:. 
.^^~?!::!5Y:.. .:7J7^.. 
:77!^::~7~~::..::^^JY7::. .. 
...^!?!~^^:^~!~^^^~:^^^^^^?J~:^: .. 
...^7J7^:^:::^~^!!^^^::::::.:!YJ^~~.. 
..~7?~::::^:.^^:.^~~...:^:..:::7Y!!!.. 
~~J^ ..:^^..:::::::..:::^^:....!YY5~:. 
~YYJ...^~::. ::^::::..:^^~...:::^PY5J??~. .
..:.~JG~:..!J7!7!^::.:~7?JP5! ..^!?GYYBBB^ ..
....^^~:^7Y~ :?PB5GBG55YY5GGBGGBB5??5PBBB5?B#B:...
....^?5JJ?55YPGGPPBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBPGBBBBGY5B#7...:
::...!#B#BBBBBBBB#BB#BBBBBBBBBBB##BGGBBBGBB##?.:::
:::::~B#BBBBBBBBB#BB#BBBBBBBBBBBBB###BBBBB##&amp;?::::
:::::^B#######BB######B#BBBBB##BBBBB####BB#&amp;G^::::
:::^::7&amp;#####B####B#####BBB#BB##BBBBBB#####&amp;J:::::
::::::^5##########################BBBBBB####!:::::
newfags can't triforce...
or make ascii art...
Fuuuck it's so over Marikabros...
Actually made me lol.....
It's a UNICODElet board you actually can't, here's an image that illustrates the issue.
Both technically, but more so to the former.
god, I wonder what will happen if two people shared the same waifu
eeeeeeeh, I love this artist cause her entire hobby is to draw Zamasu but jesus she does things with him that seems ooc for him..
hah, never thought of that since yanderes are generally about mad people (the term yanderu means deranged and sick). But the idea of a yandere that's just obsessed with being the perfect waifu is sweet
damn, the art style and textures are smooth. did you use nemusona for that?
I think I know who your waifu is, and there's already been two people who waifu'ed her at the same time if I'm right
She got it because her friends told her she could easily get a part-time job piloting giant robots and with it some easy money. It involves taking certain drugs that use a virus to rewrite the DNA. It was not a good time for Kana.
Sorry I missed your waifu's day, Earthchanfriend
Because she just seems like a great person I want to be with. We share some sort of connection, I just know it, and I can't help but not love her.
I have hundreds of AI Kana pictures. So many cute Kana pictures indeed.
damn she must be a basic bitch
maybe you just have to do it by hand
................._______..................
..............~##......##~................
...........~#..##.....####~.............
........./....#....#####......\............
......./.........######...##...\.........
......|..####/\#####|..\#####|.......
......|#.....#|..--\####|.---~.....#\.....
......##....#|/_O..\#/....O_\....#|.....
......|###..#/.'.'.'...>..........|#...#|...
......|###../~..................~|#..#/...
......@##{.\........__......../.|##/.....
........~~*...~--...........--~............
.......~.\#####\.^^^^^^####\.~.......
...~......\#####|......###/......~......
.~...........\####\.../###/..........~..
I...............\####@##/..............I.
...................~~##~~...............I.
....................../##\..................I.
this is my waifu, but she's too low in content because she didn't eat enough...
oh, it worked
candy box~
o_
( _
o
We continue sharing our love.
penis
What kind of pensies have you been looking at anon?
o___
( ___D
o
That's what happens when would-be thread participants hang out in a discord all day
your text art looks really nice cute Charan
hanging out in a disco with your waifu
It's murder on the dance floor; but you'd better not kill the groove.
was her DNA being re-written painful?
why does her DNA need to be rewritten in order to pilot mechs?
I've never seen any AI generated art of Kim
pulling the greatest prank of them all! ok, listen. it's a FLAWLESS plan. first, i'll trick her into marrying me. and then she'll be DOOMED, i tell you. DOOMED to live a WHOLESOME, HAPPY, LOVING LIFE with me! mwahaha!
this.
they're still physically another person.
https://vocaroo.com/1gTCttFXyo2W
doomfag endorsed post
What are waifu's favorite breakfast foods?
Why do you love your waifu?
I'll do my best to paraphrase because my attraction to him is... uh, complicated? But in short, I've always been drawn to stoic heros with good hearts beneath their guarded demeanours. He may be a bit more rough-and-tumble than your average world saviour but he's shown countless times that he's a virtuous man who cares about humanity. I know I sound like a broken record when I drone on about his heroism, which isn't really the selling point of his character, but I wish he was recognized for it as much as he's recognized for brutality. 
Put down that box cutter Gus
Kek. Go get paid nerd.
ideally though both parties should be working
Ideally, yes. I, however, am a total homebody and think I would thrive best in a domestic setting where I'm caring for my family. How my husbando would make money is anyone's guess but he seems to have little issue amassing resources. 
Based, we live in a society
Going full Kaczynski with waifu.
Probably the traditional American with pancakes, eggs, and bacon but served in ungodly portions.
No, bad waifuist. Not good. Love waifu better.
DJ, gonna burn this goddamn house right down.
I love her so much I want to share her with my friends
The term has a literal translation of 'lovesick'. There's many ways that being 'lovesick' can manifest, from stabbomancer, controlling mastermind, worshiping priest, etc.
What caused that change? By the way, i only come to these threads to see you talk about Lina. Love her too
That is not love, bad behaviour. 2/10.
How is it not love? Who are you to tell me how to love MY waifu? She's not yours. She's mine. So I'll love her any way I want to.
I know this post will look weird but I must pour my thoughts out
I want to see Four having a tummy! It's not that I have a fetish for tummies (okay, maybe just a little..) but I'm absolutely adamant that Four would look even cuter if he had a round, just enough to be noticable, tummy! The picrel is a perfect illustration of how I want this look on him. I know that Four hates being called "pudgy" and that him having a round tummy like that would abosolutely make him pudgy but I just can't help it, it would be so cute! Maybe even a opportunity to help Foury learn to accept himself as he is? I think he definitely has some kind of self image issues that I could help him to overcome!
(Please don't much of this, it's just an attempt to get these heavy thoughts off my chest...)
Based and tummypilled
Making someone be involved in degrading acts is not love. I can say what I want to because this is the internet :P
spoiler
oh my, naughty 
I feel like his posts would range between well thought out and some variant of "Kill yourself"
kek I can see that. just getting tired of arguing with retards and typing a simple "play in traffic"
If I saw a Chaos Emerald, I would think it's a fake and not do anything of note with it
he can maybe show you how to spot authentic ones, like when moms show you how to spot ripe fruit perhaps
the one meme event says he volunteers for soup kitchens
he sure keeps busy doing all these things throughout the week. saving the world one day, saving a stomach the next
I can see him making sweets and decorating it with as much precision as he can, as if it's a work of art
decorating is definitely the most fun part of baking. aside from eating it, of course. make sure to take a pic before eating shadow's art
Narancia would be both confused and think they're cool.
what's something that might confuse of amaze him?
Real life doesn't have Jojo shit like Stands. I'll admit, if I saw such a thing I'd be like "holy shit a Jojo reference"
kek how would you react to seeing nara's stand in action? what kinds of things does he use it for?
in some pictures, your waifu has brown hair- how does her hair change happen?
/hm/
based
I'm obviously going to believe that this is false since I'm the kind of person who isn't into esoteric delusions without evidence
how would she prove it to you? how would you react to it?
Yeah it's kokichi ouma
ai was spot on this time, you can really tell it's him. what's kokichi like?
they have everything we have but more advanced
would he feel any different having to use our more outdated tech?
what makes you say this? does he like thrills and speed?
I'd worry that I'm changing my waifu too much, is all.
What's degrading about it?
I've been thinking a lot about just... just holding Aqua lately. I guess I just can't keep my mind from going into the melancholy when it comes to loving her. I just want to comfort her and dry her tears so badly. I know I say that a lot... but it's true... I just love her so so incredibly much man
spoiler
absolutely devious plan
I truly wish I could pull it on Aqua
maybe I'll  DOOM her to a life of support and love! I'll FORCE her into a comfortable living situation and shower her wit ABSURD amounts of love and gifts and care! 
Ideally, yes. I, however, am a total homebody and think I would thrive best in a domestic setting where I'm caring for my family.
That's kind of the setting where I feel like we would both thrive. As long as we have some other friends around I think a quaint simple life would be amazing
so something I already do to some extent?
based and tummypilled
Your waifu isn't a sex toy to be passed around
he do be pudgy
basically a 4channer irl
What caused that change?
I was only 11 when I first watched Slayers. Wasn't really into girls anime or not.
Based Lina Obsession
Dude, who said she was? A threesome with my best friend, and someone she would also be friends with is not the same as treating her as a sex toy. Just things to deepen our relationship. Besides, it aint no fun if the bro can't have none.
if my waifu treated me like this I'd feel like the suggestion violates our intimacy a bit, anon san
Threesome with your husbando and your boyfriend.
For fuck's sake stop replying already
Different anon, nice dubs tho
calling my husbando my boyfriend *swoon*
nice quads and okay
Or trips, whatever
Then we just have different ideas of what a relationship is and what it can entail. I see nothing wrong with me, a mutual friend, and my waifu having sexual relations. Spicing up the bedroom life is important for couples that engage in sexual activity. If she's uncomfortable with another guy, then we can always have a F/F/M threesome instead. It's no big deal.
We're having a legitimate conversation. Just because you may not like my stance on this, doesn't mean why thoughts, fantasies and opinions should be suppressed. I believe that this thread should be a safe space for people to vent out their feelings and fantasies, so I suggest that you stop playing thread police.
My husbando is my husband, boyfriend, and best friend, all in one. No need for a threesome.
Disgusting cuck garbage has no place here, never has and never will. Fuck off.
What cuck garbage? Who the hell said anything about NTR?
I don't think a relationship can't be this, I just personally don't want to be in one, is all. You seem pretty confident.
I don't care who my waifu invites to having sex, it would likely make me extremely uncomfortable. Sex would be something between the two of us, in my virgin mind.
yeah this this
I have thoughts of having a threesome with my husbando and another girl/boy from his series sometimes.
need self control, keep falling down the rabbit hole of pixiv waifu pics when I have to do shit. but at the same time, is there anything more important than drowning in waifu
he wouldn't get it, all his posts would be sincere kek
based. love that song
for a start: not wanting anyone else, not wanting him to be with anyone else, loving every bit about him, wanting him to love you too. just like 3dpd relationships, you never truly know until you dive right in, but it's always worth a shot
See the flower hairpiece she always has on, MC gave her it when they were young and she treasures it even at the epilogue
that's nice of him. how sentimental of her to treasure it
man I want to learn japanese but all these different ways to read things sound overwhelming kek
sounds very childhood, which is perfect for kim. I especially like wild, combat baby, and c'mon. in fact I added some of them to my oldschool playlist
That's a good post, I agree.
I'd rather know about husbando than not know about husbando, because when I don't think of him, I feel so empty. Nothing has meaning and the days I'm alive feel far more useless. They're full of anger and nightmares. But a day thinking about him, learning about him, making him happy isn't worthless - it's my idea of a good day, a day not wasted, a day well spent. Maybe it's not the type of fulfilling day most would imagine...partying, working, travelling, whatever it is normal people do. But if it's making my heart happy, it can't be a day wasted, right? 
I have a weak heart. I do. Yet I feel happy when I think of how long I've loved him despite that fact. It means my feelings are so strong my heart can't give them up no matter how frail and weak it is.
Maybe you will still love her in a decade. At this point, he's a part of me, and life without him in it in some way feels alien and disorienting. The love for him still feels new, powerful, nearly overwhelming no matter how much time passes. I hope you have that with Kim.
Ahh, yes. Husbando wondering when he added this one, never heard it before, but he assumes it's just his memory issues again. He thinks to himself, "I have good taste in music." I agree.
cute
based
I don't think that's weird, but I'm biased. I think about it a lot too. I don't want him to be fat or overweight but it would be pretty cute if he had a little pudge to him that I could squeeze...maybe in my fantasy world I'm an amazing cook, and I make him all sorts of good deserts, and he insists the tummy pudge is muscle. He's just built is all. I think it'd be cute to see him cope, cute to see his face when I poke it. I was looking at pic related yesterday and thought the chunky bottom heavy style was adorable in a way. Shadow's soft tummy...
Your reminder that Randy has a hearing tomorrow.
I have already seen every pixiv waifu pic since I have the same weakness. I once looked at every page of a more general pixiv tag in the slight hopes that a few of them are untagged waifu pictures.
I've partied, worked and traveled a lot, I can imagine what they mean when they say that's fulfilling, but more like filling my life, and less like filling myself. Without my waifu I feel like a carved out avocado, and my favorite days are the ones where I worked, partied, or traveled because of them, it's the important part.
I frequently try to cut my waifu out of my life, it's amazing how hard I fail at it, it's awesome seeing that the biggest collossus, the toughest and most immovable thing that I have about myself, is my feelings for someone with such a good heart. I'm a cold person who can change almost anything about them very quickly if peer pressured, or if the situation calls for it. Sometimes I sit down and tell myself "I need to change (thing) about myself right now or it'll all suck" and then I just get rid of what I previously did or was. But I've tried this on my waifu so many times and it never works and I always end up in happy tears.
maybe he will think of his waifu
what's something that might confuse of amaze him?
All the new things we can do with technology now, maybe? He might not understand smartphones. But I can also see him finding memes funny.
kek how would you react to seeing nara's stand in action?
I'd be excited, because it means he's out there. Then I'd hope he wants me and get really nervous.
Mostly combat (shooting things) but also as a radar that tracks people's breathing.
thinking a lot about just... just holding Aqua lately. 
I just wanna hold Kim.
absolutely devious plan
fiendish! nefarious! heinous!
i truly am EVIL! (Extremely Vastly Inclined to Loving towards Kim!)
based. love that song
It's one of my mom's favorites, actually.
I didn't start associating it with Kim until you posted it that one time and i heard it again and it clicked.
sounds very childhood, which is perfect for Kim
did you grow up in the early 2000s?
kinda based ngl if so
do you mean "wild one" or "you drive me wild" 'cause there's two songs with wild in the name on the playlist.
ALSO
what'd you think of red head by somethin' smith
desu it's not something she'd listen to but i think it's a really cute song
We're currently on another date. Our fantasizing skills really seem to be improving which is nice.
Not to add fuel to the fire, but one cool thing about tuppers is that they can inhabit multiple mental forms at once while still being the same person. Pretty sure I can too, but Nanaka's the only one who's actually done so. She's really weird. 
did you use nemusona for that?
Nope, used this https://civitai.com/models/7466/takeuchi-takashi-fate-tsukihime-style-lora plus AnyLoRA. It's a really good art style
Already applied to a bunch. No responses yet
awww
I can only wonder what he would think upon seeing the shitpost filled cluster-fuck that is /pol/
Which side of the bed does waifu lay on? 
Does waifu have a heavy preference for which side he/she is on? 
If so, would waifu wake you up to tell you to move if you were already asleep on his/her side? 
Do you imagine waifu leaving something behind on the bed (smell, crumbs, hair, etc)?
Does waifu do anything to help them fall asleep?
need self control, keep falling down the rabbit hole of pixiv waifu pics when I have to do shit. but at the same time, is there anything more important than drowning in waifu
I used to do this a lot. I can't do it for very long now anymore though because I get so flustered
probably the weirdest thing was a sort of ersatz Aqua and Eris from before the actual LN was made
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/34177858
reminds me of touhou but it very obviously just isn't Aqua.
for a start: not wanting anyone else, not wanting him to be with anyone else, loving every bit about him, wanting him to love you too. just like 3dpd relationships, you never truly know until you dive right in, but it's always worth a shot
honestly for me it was a very gradual thing
I guess I just had to learn to accept it
I have already seen every pixiv waifu pic since I have the same weakness. I once looked at every page of a more general pixiv tag in the slight hopes that a few of them are untagged waifu pictures.
did this a while ago
might go back and do it again at some point
issue is the only site where you can actually filter out most fetish stuff is pixiv (key word: most, one piece of fetish art is too much)
i refuse to go to deviantart
I just wanna hold Kim.
holding waifu and giving her a sense of comfort
side of the bed
I don't think she would care
leaving something behind
not really
drink
I always find so saddening how cruel her community is to her, she's such a kind and loving girl. She doesn't deserve any of this.
Taking waifu to a karaoke bar and embarrassing her by swinging poorly despite doing your best
fr, even if the writing isn't good, I say continue writing since it'll help you improve
absolutely. if everyone threw away the first draft, we'd never get any books done. took me a long time to learn that lesson
spoiler
brainstorming with waifu! pitching ideas with waifu! waifu pointing out plot holes you would've never noticed! learning about waifu's favorite tropes! god I want clear to talk about his favorite tropes with me
couldn't agree more. I like to write sometimes but not fanfics, but ever since I fell for Zamasu, I have noticed that not only am I writing more and more, but I am also writing fanfics.
based husbando making you proactive. be sure to take breaks as to not burn yourself out. writing is tasking (but rewarding) work
Do you also do partial self-insertion or just self-insertion?
I do look at some clear x aoba pics and go "yeah if it were me, it'd turn out pretty similar" a lot, if that counts. aoba is a tiny bit like me in general but when I daydream I picture myself only
Also featuring Six screaming during an interview
lol whut?
it writes about Foury almost getting sentenced to five years in jail for throwing numbers
lol whut??
Oh, I haven't thought about object lore yet...
completely optional to think about. fours lore comes first
But worry not, this is unlikely to happen since algebraliens are immortal! Still, picturing a very old and almost gray blue Foury makes me feel a bit weird
true, not only is he immortal but he keeps himself fit as a fiddle and doesn't dabble in any bad habits like fast food. he's going to be youthful for a long time. he might even outrun you 
I want to see clear high desu senpai
that's not waifufags, that's humans in general. no one wants to accept the pain that comes with "I'm the real problem here" I suppose. you'll see this same blame game on tumblr and twitter and facebook and moba games
oh I'm pretty happy in spite of the depression and anxiety, I'd like to think. I'm feeling a tiny bit better everyday and feel especially better when I talk to other anons about our waifus
aqua in thigh highs
based fellow long socks enjoyer
coomer waifufag
this one is kinda spooky. someone who can't differentiate between lust and love that is. and then dumps their waifu for the next FOTM without realizing 
it's adorable! I love messy and sketchy art
clear should be the very FIRST thing I see in the morning. unless the dog's ass somehow wound up between us
oh he has a very nice yandere bad ending picrel and holy shit. basically he keeps you in a cage and slowly surgically removes your limbs as you don't need to be going anywhere soon. he's still loving and gentle through and through and that makes him the best yandere ever (completely not biased)
lol I also grew fond of white hair because of Zamasu &lt;3
white hair boys are just built different, ya know? it's in their genetic code to be based. plus no one can tell if they're aging
that anime gal is cute! and you managed to nail Clear's design even with the short stack of options.
thanks and thanks! I was very happy with how it turned out
I wish I could share small moments like that with him, even when they're insignificant and forgettable
I usually hate taking photos but I'd want to capture every moment with clear. even the most mundane of days would be precious
he would lean more into overprotectiveness, keeping you safe from tangible threats instead of feeling jealous over other people
definitely viable. would he be the kind of dad that just wants to "talk" to his daughter's boyfriend? kek
where he keeps you in a cage and serenades you with his guitars
honestly sounds cute kek but I love yanderes in general
very cute picrew although I'm not sure why nara has a tan?
Highly possessive. Although some wouldn't think of it Narancia could absolutely be very yandere. He has the qualities
what kinds of things has he been possessive over? does he have any other yandere qualities?
oh god it's best boy- gotta be
you are both so cute here. you've thought about four gijinka'd? how tall would he be? would he still have powers?
happy late earthday. hope you are well and good to see you again.
is that your daki? I love it. I like that people tuck their dakis in even when not sleeping
what the fuck is he doing
you are both so cute here. you've thought about four gijinka'd? how tall would he be? would he still have powers?
happy late earthday. hope you are well and good to see you again.
is that your daki? I love it. I like that people tuck their dakis in even when not sleeping
I wonder when we'll get a reveal
you are both so cute here. you've thought about four gijinka'd? how tall would he be? would he still have powers?
happy late earthday. hope you are well and good to see you again.
is that your daki? I love it. I like that people tuck their dakis in even when not sleeping
you can make a small wedding in this one too
AH. gonna have to go back and make a version of it
He's a deeply guarded man. Nonetheless, he would be more open around me than with others
I love when guarded people get their walls slowly broken down by people they love
He laments the physical limitations of my form while I push the limits of his
kek poor doomguy seeing the papercut take an entire week to heal
I think he'd be the one to do stuff like cooking since he won't stand my cooking haha
sounds like he's a picky eater kek. with him doing it he can add as much or little salt or pepper as he wants and you'll both still enjoy it
I'll be the breadwinner since I know more about social norms
househusband uuuoohhh
there's an askblog for four?
Actually none of us, Four never had any job and I'm still looking for one
best of luck anon, hope you find someone you enjoy
sitting on a giant's shoulder as he walks around does sound pretty fun
he's got many of the best qualities one could ever have: loyalty, selflessness, amicableness, honestly, sincerity, kindness, gentleness, caring, empathetic. I could go on and on. he's got a very pure and impenetrable soul. his flaws only add to his beauty. he's also very handsome and like I've said before, good personality makes you look much more handsome
and he's got the fluffiest hair- I just wanna pat it!
aw, it couldn't quite get her hair right but it's fine. I'll just think of it as her wearing her hair differently that day
I can barely handle one clear tf am I gonna do with 2 I'll die of nosebleed kek
/ck/
what'd be her reaction to /ck/ gore threads?
/trv/
any places she'd take interest in visiting?
This world is the same as hers but without magic
how would she feel about the lack of magic?
ah yes of course, you're just stating facts kek
watch out, clear's got a gun! just kidding, he'd never shoot
spoiler
she flirts with him? I thought she was married in the story
he's probably the youngest of his race
he is? no babies or toddlers?
take it from me, I haven't watched the show
kek
what if you have to tell aqua sorry we can't get extra beer this month because you were secretly saving up to take her on a trip to her favorite winery 
yep, a friend made a few of clear for me, which are some of my favorites. and I made some more with the link shadowfag posted. I think ai art is really cool but nothing beats human drawn art
sinisterly giving waifu a wedgie!
https://files.catbox.moe/o3qfaf.pdf
I don't mind fetish art, if my waifu looks cute in a degenerate image, I open my drawing program and cut her out of a harmful situation and add a blanket or some clothes so she's more comfortable.
Thank you. It's not my daki, that's why I called it "nononono.jpg", but maybe I need to add another "no".
I have never seen that daki cover image anywhere and I don't remember where I have the picture from and it makes me a bit insane. Sometimes I make my bed just so Echan is more comfortable under it.
although apparently if you're killed WITHOUT a 1-up you just drop all of your money and are warped back to your home 
kek that means they're car is stuck there
I'm not entirely certain, i feel like she'd be high in Intelligence and Will though
I wouldn't be surprised if that were the case
(and Guts, assuming the stats featured in the video game are to be considered canon)
what does guts entail? is it like wiil?
Fedposting and LARPing as a Jew for the keks. Also making fun of journos.
based trolling waifu. uh what are journos?
She's basically a mage with the personality of a berserker, kek
ah then she'll probably lean more towards how aggressive and straightforward berserkers are in game I suppose
I don't think many anons would like the thought of their waifus getting hurt, maybe you can try with the waifufags themselves
I always imagined she would be naturally inclined to ancient greek architecture. It would remind her of a time when most portals respected the gods
based. ancient greeks were lit af with that shit
now that I think about it, maybe a goddess would be taught to dislike the undead. after all, being undead is against the will of the gods and playing god themselves in some cases
it's over bros
where's her smile? ;v;
that's how you know it's a quality 4chan thread, anon
oh I will absolutely judge this, and deem it based. give him cupcakes, no one can resist cupcakes
watch party when
the last time my waifu was entered into hunger games by an anon she made friends with a few other contestants and had fun
new bread hop over
