its so common for girls to be whores these days
so many women have a history of being literal escorts or prostitute
so many women were easy whores for some men they barely knew
how can you trust a women in 2023?
how can anyone fall in love with a girl knowing this information
I became a whore too.
My gf is my first sexual partner and I'm her third sexual partner. 
Her previous partner was a longterm relationship (4+ years) and her first was a month-long fling.
I suppose I was relatively lucky since she "only" had two partners previously and never slept around much. 
It also feels good knowing I got a bigger dick than both her previous partners, she's kept saying that she can feel it in her stomach which she says she's never felt before.
Still, would've been nice to have been her first but not much I can do. I do love her a lot and she's just my type (short, dark hair, thick, small waist).
Who is this whore and what does she do
Reality
Since at least 1995 the average age women lose their virginity has been rising. In the same period the total lifetime sexual partner count of young women has been dropping.
Retarded incels
Feminists, news agencies, and even governments have discussed this at length as headline news for no less than 20 years
Retarded incels
The trend, now at least 25 years old, is the main driver for sexlessness in people aged 16 - 19 in 202 - 2023.
Retarded incels
The percentage of secless men and women who routinely attend church and think that extramarital sex is morally wrong has also been increasing for at least 20 years.
Retarded incels
Despite the increase in porn contemporary women under the age of 16 are the least promiscuous cohort of young women since about 1960 - 1964
Retarded incels
Huh. Swapped out a photo
Absolute state of men in 2023
I fucked her before I even knew if she was a virgin or not. 
Before you get into a relationship or start dating you think about wanting a virgin a lot but when you actually get a gf you don't really care anymore, especially since I'm not a virgin myself anymore
I'm not currently looking for a woman I'm working on my mental/physical health and education, no one wants an hikki/NEET. I obtain that then I'll weigh my options. To answer your question, yes a lot of women are whores who have sex as a main priority in life but I wouldn't say all, at least the one I'll pursue. She would need to have morals and integrity, ideally to meet a christian woman but anyone who'll refrain from sex until marriage is my aim. They are out there and I know it'll be torture for me but I'm going by faith not lust. I believe the women you're thinking off are the avid social parasites who engage in fuck culture like parties/bars/clubs etc and those who are generally focused on current mainstream culture as a whole and base their decisions on that paradigm. Come on there has to be some young women with values right? Just not looking in the right places
Reality
You're retarded. Literally trusting a bunch of holes that are known to lie about this shit.
you do know that women, like men, are individuals right op? do the same rules apply to a man who fucked a lot of sluts in bia prime before he got married? I get the odd feeling that to you, they don't.
lol
now let's see the data for 15-29
I'm unironically glad to have a cuckolding fetish. I experience 0 jealousy and I never worry about if I'm "not enough" for her, it just turns me on. It's like having a superpower for dealing with women in 2023.
Here comes the coping and seething, right on cue!
Not an argument. Thanks for admitting I'm right. I accept your concession. Filtered. Now be a good simp cuck and reply to me when I'll never see it.
You never MADE an argument so you didn't get one in reply.
Or are you so fucking stupid that you think your
NUH-UH!!!!!
was a rebuttal rather than cope?
Narrator: Anon is, yes, that fucking retarded
Show me the evidence that virginity has NOT been getting more common for 20 years.
THAT is an argument, loser.
you are mentally ill.
that's because you've mentally colonized/cuckolded by a crumb of pussy. The big simp, they call it.
I don't know. I married my high school sweetheart. We took each others' virginities. Not sure how I'd cope with dating as an adult. I will say though that my sex life sucks, so maybe dating whores isn't entirely bad.
Me and my gf had sex for the first time one week back . Ask me anything .
no, women cluster around the median and men spread out around the distribution for all behaviors.
How big was her cock
Go outside
More like colonized by love since there's more to it than just sex, although the sex is fucking great. I also cope with the fact that her ex was a giant cuck and never wanted to try anything new, so she had her first anal experience with me, plus choking, hair pulling, etc
Incels need to grapple that the amount of women who look fuckable to them is essentially niche.
These are facts as well as statistics. All men simply care about the attention of ugly women so little, that the entire argument refuses their existence.
Women also disgrace themselves by being knocked up the second try and being a flesh monster afterwards. Duh bitch.
Man I don't even care anymore I just want to experience right once in my life
