How do I cope with being ugly?
White wine oregano seasoned Alfredo parmesan pasta
is picrel you? you're cute from your eyes alone. I doubt you could be that ugly.
transition and then with access to makeup,pushup bras,wigs etc. you will go from a 3/10 incel to a 8/10 stacy.
YWNBAW tranny faggot shill
My eyes are good but my lower face falters
Alot of people day it's from frowning too much
Stop being a fag
Im a guy
I'm a girl but I have a similar problem. I have a very depressed looking face, not in a cute sadgirl way, in an 'ages me 10 years' way.
I noticed it goes away with gravity and specific lighting
During the day my jowls are highlighted and I have thick framed glasses that make my eyes look smaller
Picrel
The lighting and no glasses really help
I need to get contacts but I'm scared of putting stuff in my eyes
Glasses aren't a bad thing at all. I think they can look really nice, and it's not worth sticking shit in your eyes if it makes you uncomfy. I wear glasses too because contacts make me feel icky. Sorry if you don't want to be compared to someone like him but you kind of look like a cuter version of Salvador Ramos. I genuinely believe you could quite easily get a gf. You're far from ugly, anon.
I can't tell if you're a dude or a chick
what are you exactly ?
You dont.
Just either KYS or troon out for the BBC. 
Its sadly the fate for most Mayocels.
I get what you mean but fuck man
Thanks tho
I'm a guy
Shit, really dude?
I fucking forgot to spoiler
Also it's an update pic from right now
Ah sorry lol I knew it was a bit weird but I had to say it. Don't listen to that other anon who is probably just seething because you mog him. You don't look feminine at all.
but he does look androgynous
I guess his hairs are more on the male side but that's it
why are you white knighting some random anon anyway
I enjoy being nice and though OP might want a girl's opinion. Not white knighting, just being honest.
you disgust me 
being nice is a sign of weakness 
you probably have an agenda anyway
Go to the gym, I guess. I'm ugly as fuck and people used to make fun of me in public but after I started lifting it stopped, hopefully they're scared I'll straight up murder them if they say anything.
You people will never know what it's like to actually be ugly. I hope you all die.
