Since it worked so great the last two times let's play some pen and paper again. We make it as we go.
It is a rainy day and you were on your way to the city. You are a adventure seeking out challenges and the mystery of this world.
On your way a mysterious figure seemingly stands on the road in the rain, seemingly wearing nothing. You are not sure you can hardly make anything out on him despite seeing the trees just fine.
The Personen waves towards you and then points to the right at something you can't see from here. After that he just disappears. Gone like ashes in the wind
As you walk towards where the man stood you look towards the direction he was pointing at. There stands a wooden house seemingly burned down.
Your move
I read "pen and paper" as "penis and papaya".
Guess what you will buy tomorrow
Circle the house to get a better view of the place
You decide to circle the house. It is on a small hill. The wooden foundation is charred and pieces of roof are where the entirior once was. 
It is not s big house, big enough to be called a cabin maybe. The remains of a bed frame take up almost a third of the length of where once a wall was. 
As you circle the ruins for a bit a shiny spark peeks your intrest. It's a metal handle buried under a piece of wood
I keep walking to the city. Whatevers in that house is probably a trap or not worth my time.
Approach to get a better look
I say huh thats weird and then go home and jerk off to black loli hentai
This is now interesting. I never had 2 people at once replying. Should I go by last post number?
I lift up the piece of wood. There's a shiny steel dragon dildo. I shove it straight up my ass and think about when can I next rape a woman, punch her right in the face and piss in her mouth. I hate women so fucking much.
I think i go with the higher number. 
You approach the door handle and lift the piece of wood off of it. It is revealed to you that the door handle is part of a trap door.
After moving a little more pieces of wood you are now able to open the trap door. Underneath is a dark hole with a ladder on the wall in perfect condition.
You can't see far into the hole itself but you light from outside shines down on a torch that lays right next to the ladder.
For a moment you see a figure next to the ladder holding a lit torch vanishing into the darkness. Even though the torch was lit it did not emit any light as the figure moved.
Guess that's it, 2 for 1. Next one will probably have more engagement
i examine my surroundings trying to find a gun
Search the tall grass for new pokemon
you look around in search for a gun until you realize that you have no idea what that even is 
The wizard last town told you to take the magic bonbons on a regular basis to stop your crazed visions
sorry didn't realize Thi was a fantasy thing lol
i examine my surroundings trying to find one of those new flintlock things
Surprisingly enough you found a flintlock. But not on the ground or in the debris but on your person.
Thinking back, you bought it yesterday and enough gunpowder and iron balls to shoot a dragon (or at least that's what the merchant told you)
wonder why im so forgetful
As your mind drifts to ask the pressing questions in life, you go hear thunder crackling in the sky. 
Soon you remember that you stand infront of a open trapdoor that leads to more then just a cellar and that you still didn't take your magic bonbons for today
ohh well. That's life
i step into the cellar and fire off my flintlock to light the way
You climb down the ladder into the darkness. As you step on the torch you fire your flintlock. 
The short flash of light reveals a tunnel infront of you
cautiously approach the tunnel
The tunnel is too dark too see in as you Approach. But your feet step on something. You decide to pick it up and inspect it. 
After fiddling around with it you realize it's a Firestone and iron. You connect the dots, there was a torch
i dig
