how is it actually possible this place is even more pathetic than /r9k/?
Can you elaborate? I have not lurked there much. Also, how do I get a CC girlfriend?
because its completely fabricated. women cannot be lonely so its just the equivalent of a facebook group chat where all the women whine about the thousand options they actually have and wish that chad wanted them.
Lolcow is my personal favorite female chan. Those femdom threads are just legendary.
because they're women you retard, simple as.
Be a 6'4+ chad.
on CC:
vast majority have jobs, healthy social circles, and romantic partners, catalog is clean and has people actually discussing topics
on R9k:
There exists no group of users on the internet more pathetic than this place.
their feels page is nice when you need to vent. when I don't announce that I'm male, I can (almost) pretend that a girl is being nice to me for once and ignore the fact that she would be repulsed irl.
because there are women mainly. fembots are usually way more pathetic than us
I find myself wondering if any of the girls in that thread are remotely hot?
By the way Go look for their "femcel" thread then read their stories. Most of them admit to having had a bf. Usually they will start circlejerking about how virginity is a sexist construct... because most of them got plowed.
These are the MOST chaste, loser women in the west. all uses up whores.
kek. vast majority complain that men expect them to wash. Also what is this "vast majority", CC gets like 3 posts a year. biochan was a funny bit of OC though so kudos for that
a woman didn't even make the site ffs.
It was some femboy who's probably trooned out by now.
I'd go look but they refuse my connection and I don't feel like giving my IP to cc admins.
Because r9k doesn't ban you for breaking the rules.
Over there you get banned indefinitely for them simply not liking your opinion.
Found out that my ex spewed a bunch of lies/half truths on there and then used the responses she got to justify breaking up with me. When I found the thread and posted in it to call her out on her bullshit, insta ban.
Apparently throwing out the word "gaslighting" (even when you do that to others) isn't mental illness
Correction: meant to say r9k doesn't ban you unless you break the rules.
Tranny larpers. I say this as a woman. It's infiltrated the whole site is fucked. Also the mods will delete posts and entire post histories at random. They are schizo worse than even lolcows old admin
More pathetic in what way?
Do women actually like trannies?
Do men like being assraped
I just leave this friendly reminder here.
Some fags do.
Cool I will leave one too
Female loneliness isn't a real thing, it's just women trying to turn an issue that exclusively affects men into a women's issue
Femcels can get sex but they want relationship.
Incels cant get either.
So what is the point of CC then? Pretending they have problems?
obsessing over men
holy seethe, you just know that shes been rejected way too many times.
Women really need a bit of actual physical work to put things into perspective.
Two things IMO. The first is tranny larpers, CC probably has more trannies than real women at this point. The second is more complicated.
You see, the difference between /r9k/ and CC is that the incels on /r9k/ have their delusions and insanity criticized and demonized almost constantly in normie society. Meanwhile the fem"cels" on CC have their delusions enabled and encouraged by normies.
If an incel says he'll only date petite virgin Stacies, he ll be mocked for his delusional standards. If a fem"cel" says she'll only date tall athletic Chads, normies will support her, inflate her ego, and justify her ludicrous standards for her. I see people here criticize other /r9k/ users all the time, but I've never seen a CC user criticize another CC user.
And when you encourage a person's delusions and give thrm nothing but positive reinforcement, it only makes them dive further into them.
80% of posts on cc are about hating trannies. Theres multiple tranny hate generals permanently at the top of page 1 and those threads fill while everything else rots. Board is pathetic
Id love to be able to go read what women think and talk about and know for a fact that theyre women, but the site just seems like trannies and incels larping and like a few crazy women.
It's fun to raid with niggas from sharty, sometimes mods are alseep and you can shit up the catalog. I hope one day we can wipe all 500 threads, best we got a couple weeks ago was the first 10 pages
To get a bf as a female you only need to ask a couple of guys out, the fact that they are unable to do even that is baffling
Yeah, because men hate the idea of being in a relationship these days. Retard.
Are you looking for top tier Chad? Ofcourse hes not looking for a relationship. Average guy? He looks for one but you're not interested in an average guy.
To add onto this, crystalcafe:
Imagine if /r9k/ was like this. The men here would be even more detatched from reality.
r9k is somewhat an echo chamber too.
Either that place is totally under new management and pretty much the opposite of what it used to be in the two years or so since I've lurked, or you have never actually visited Crystal Cafe.
Definitely not to the same degree as CC. There's usually a dozen or more anti-incel/pro-woman threads of various types at any given time on /r9k/, while as CC has next-to-zero anti-femcel/pro-male threads, and the few that are posted usually result in the OP being banned.
This. Women think they're being very clever by inverting all the memes men have made to hate on women. They don't realize that men are punching up while women are punching down, so everything they say comes off like a nobleman crying about how the peasantry doesn't like them.
Fixed 4 u. No need to thank me!
I would say that stacy and fembot are having less sex than normie girls.
