Never trust a normalfag. They'll fuck you right over.
Honestly if a guy had said that to me i would have clocked him in the face right there and called him a piece of shit and choked him until he apologized or threw me off.
The only thing worse than a wall of text is a screenshot multiple post wall of text
this is why I will never get a gf. scared of being labeled a cuck for life
this so much, I wouldn't read that shit the first time around and I'm sure as hell not reading it now, saged and reported
When women get involved it destroys friendships. How many seperate niggers on this board beg for discords of anyone who mentions being a girl? I've been in friends with people for years and they've betrayed me to get in with women. It's a massive blackpill that people ignore but you ha e to be very careful when women enter the equation. If this guy had stuck to his beliefs then he could have sat cynically at the side line rather than being exiled from the group. But then again, once you see how the vast majority of guys act and how fickle our "male bond" is, you just lose the desire to be around anyone. I have to filter people through a guilty until proven innocent lens to maintain my sanity. Fuck this world. Fuck Jews. Fuck the gay cunts who allowed it to get to this hellish state.
*desperate niggers
This is why I don't like phoneposting
don't believe this larp. even if it was true, on the night they celebrate becoming bf and gf, she cheats, causing him to cry? so he didn't even know her that long and it hurt THAT much? 
should have gone:
"Whatever whore" while she was justifying herself
walked away
remained with his friend group since they were YOUR friends first, bitch.
interacting with women 
NEVER EVER
Men are horrible people, women are basically just soulless husks of flesh
Really it's that normalshits are genuinely a lesser quality of people.
Anything significant that was done in society was NOT done be a normalshit. Normalscums are simply the ones who perpetuate what others do to improve society.
They're basically cogs grinding in a machine.
Getting involved with regular people is a sure-fire way for a unique or individual person to became angry and depressed.
The best thing that you can do is, and as pathetically cliched it sounds it's still true, is to work on yourself.
Self-actualize. Set the terms and boundaries of your life for yourself. Don't compare yourself to others. Spend the time you need to spend finding out what you were meant to do, finding out what your being takes to most naturally. 
Figure that thing out, and throw yourself into it. If you're lucky, it's a thing that will allow you to live amongst other people and do ok.
Personally my thing is to be warrior, a killer, an eater of flesh. That's why I sometimes get angry simply being around other people, because my instincts tell me they're like prey. 
But most anons won't run into this problem, most of you can find out what truly expresses who you are, and not have to be so tormented being around others in society
TLDR?
Originally of course
Reread that shit and consider if do you really want those friends. Only reason I'd imagine to stick with shitters like that is as a social cover to find another gf.
woman cheats and gets a robot expelled from his friend group
 went on one (1) date
 "cheating"
What are they supposed to do anon? Form an Islamic lynch mob and toss the whore and the man whore from the highest roof? It's modern times, people cheat because there are no real social consequences for doing so. And for all his whining about how she made the whole thing about her, he did just that and made the whole thing about him and his r9k mind rot. As other anons said he could have just told her off and moved on but instead he had a big pity party for himself and pushed his friend group away.
Yeah it sucks but that's how it goes. Real people have active sex lives and they are going to continue having them when they feel like it. It's just one of those gross uncomfortable facts of life.
 As other anons said he could have just told her off and moved on
nope, women are psychosexually identical. There is no such thing as le moving on, the next woman will be psychologically identical to her.
big pity party for himself
Nope, you are seething malding coping. He simply accepted the world the way it is like a man instead of hiding from it as you do like a coward.
 and pushed his friend group away.
Nope they pushed him away for a chance at a crumb of pussy.
Simple as.
remained with his friend group since they were YOUR friends first, bitch.
His friends would have just betrayed him regardless because their group was infiltrated with the female group. Would you risk alienating multiple women who you might fuck eventually or your ugly incel friend? 
But they are my friend
They are normies. They know the score.
