I just inherited $43 million.
I'm also a virgin incel.
How should i get laid?
Invest 42 million and move to some east asian country
Wire me $15k and I'll give you coaching.
I can tell you what not to do. Dont ever get married or let a woman live with you.
Personal loans up to $100,000
What the hell are they thinking with that?
You could have about any whore you want. The question is do you want a whore or something more?
Want some real advice?
Take some time off now, hire a financial advisor, and keep women the fuck away from your money. Travel, eat at whatever restaurant you want, whatever. But don't let a whore ruin this.
If you absolutely need to get it out of your system, hookers are there, but they will not give you the sense of satisfaction or conquest or validation that a girlfriend will.
Congratulations. You're out of the rat race. Don't let pussy ruin it.
what about roleplaying marriage with different escorts?
make an offer to a pretty girl, $100,000 to let you have sex with her
send me some cash and i'll whore myself out on this thread for you
"but they will not give you the sense of satisfaction or conquest or validation that a girlfriend will"
dude, you need a GF but you must not have a GF coz they are Le evil
nice a advice bro
Put the money somewhere where it can earn interest. Shit, you can put some in a CD and earn all the money you'll ever need on interest alone.
Again, not that guy, but hookers will not give you any sense of fulfillment whatsoever. Unless it's some special circumstance where you want to bang your favorite amateur porn star or some shit, you will get more fulfillment from banging a 4/10 legitimately than you will from hiring a hot escort.
You can get a nice car now, work isn't an issue, you can travel, you can cover the bill at a restaurant, etc. Don't get taken advantage of .
I don't do what you want I guess ?
also always be on alert because when you're rich you'll be a target for 99% of the population
Anon, don't let any women on this board or anywhere else use you for your money. It may seem okay first but it'll leave you with a void and less money.
wanna pay off my 7k of debt
you will get more fulfillment from banging a 4/10 legitimately than you will from hiring a hot escort
now i know you're trolling
You all realize he just Inspect Elemented his bank account page, right. Jesus.
No, really. Hooking up with a homely chick who actually wants your cock and is attracted to you feels better than a porn-star-tier blowjob from a $700 escort. On some level you know she just wants money and you don't get the emotional validation of feeling like a sexy stud.
What does that mean? 
mootblocks
If I was you, Id find the perfect looking girl that hits everything for you and just pay her for a few nights and ravage her to your hearts content. After that, find young, pretty and preferably virginal women and get them to do degenerate shit for your amusement, like having them eat shit on the floor in front of you and then having them eat it or having them clean all the dust and crap off the floor and computer and everything in your room with their tongue and pussy or using women as furniture and wiping your feet with their pussy. Really anything you can think of, and Im an ideas guy.
The money is entirely irrelevant to getting laid, just talk to girls without being to closed off about your intentions and then eventually invite them over and have sex, thats it.
Rub maps . coom
4/10 non-hooker sees that i'm a good provider
falls in love with me with genuine feelings
10/10 porn-star hooker sees that i'm a good provider
falls in love with me with genuine feelings
i don't see the difference
why settle for less?
Never ever marry. If Brendan Fraser is any guide she will rape you in divorce court for alimony for years on a whim.
It's fake anon, he just changed the numbers in the webpage script element whatever thing I forget what it's called
kek...sure bro i'll just be myself xD
With a condom. Also don't throw it in the trash when you're done, or let her know how rich you are.
Have a good time with the money and buy a house. Become a landlord or some shit like that but for the love of god don't marry or the Money will be gone as fast as you got it and don't tell anyone about how much you got. If your really desperate for love get a good looking femanon and make a deal with her that shes your gf
what about unprotected sex with escorts?
will i get rekt in court by alimony?
Being yourself or being whoever you want is irrelevant, what matters is having normal conversations and getting along with people so they are interested in you, its easy.
Playing a dangerous game. One stupid divorce court ruling away from your roleplay marriage getting treated like a real one.
s-sure b-bro...i'll just go out on teh street and do some totally non-creepy PUA conversation approaches
wtffffffffffffdsf333445
If you look bad get plastic surgery become a chad and that's the problem taken care of
I think the fact that you immediately insert bothering random women on the street and redpill shit or talking about just be yourself where I never stated it is peoples main problem here. Not being able to interact in normal social settings, i am talking about getting to know people through normal means, getting into social groups or using interweebs dating. Just be normal bro
y-yeah.. s-sure ...s-sure brah.. i'll just totaly not sign up for some facebook social group and show up with a bunch of other creeps to creep out women
oh yeah sure i'll get that Tinder app too, i'm sure the ratio there is like 1 man to 100 women
Dont ever get married
True
or let a woman live with you.
False. Sure she will never love you for more than your money but it is what most adult couples that met after highschool do : a tacit contract of "you make my life easier I give you my holes". Also if you got billions the power distribution is so unbalanced that you could be in a relationship with multiple women and have them all live in the same mansion; they would have no other option than shut up and complain to the billionaire housewives gucci club
Give it to me can double it for you
Probably not alimony if you aren't planning on marrying one. Possibly venereal disease. It's a real crapshoot, some of them could be crawling with syphilis, crabs, chlamydia, even AIDS - and you wouldn't even know it.
Wrong, women have sued for money and under certain state laws, cohabitation for 5 years or more is grounds for money. In Canada, they treat cohabitants for years as if they were married and entitle the woman for money.
So no, never live long term with a woman, especially whores that literally only want your money. But thats all women anyway.
If this is real, all you need to do is have some sort of passive income. Get in contact with an accountant to manage your money. Put half of your money into assets. Even if you only have 10 million after the recession, you can live off of 200k a year for the rest of your life
Just dont get married lol
they treat cohabitants for years as if they were married and entitle the woman for money.
And women dare say they are oppressed by heckin patriarchy. When men are squeezed everywhere for their benefit.
you will never reach this amount in your lifetime
the more i think about it, the more i feel like money is just meme numbers
Baby
I love you 
You are my world
Ill do anything for you
Paypal me
Jk jk. Just buy expensive clothing now and go to billionaire bars in Florida or California, women will throw themselves at you I assume. But I hope youre okay with plastic surgery bogged women
Where do I contact you so you can cum in me ASAP?
Move to the Caribbean fuck bitches and live like a god.
My company pulls in 200k per month. When I saw those numbers It was never more clear to me that The only way to make that kind of money is by starting a business.
i too know how to operate the dev tools op xD
Invest a big portion of it, at least like 2/3 of your fortune and then have the rest for housing, cars, food, women, hobbies, etc. Do. Not. Blow. The. Money. It's extremely tempting to literally just spend all that money at once. Don't simp. Don't gamble. Be safe man, there are lots of vultures in the world who want that money
I'm an old man and if I inherited 43 million dollars the first thing I would do is make sure my parents can live comfortably for the rest of their lives. My dad has worked his ass off for a relatively little payoff so being able to tell him he can finally relax would be the best thing in the world. I would love to see my family finally destress for a little bit. I would take a huge chunk of it and put into index funds, then take some fuckaround part of it (5m? idk) and try to get my own video game off the ground, just hire a bunch of programmers or friends to help me develop something. Even if it sucks, it would be something I could say I made. Then I wouldn't feel like I've been a useless blight on the world for my entire existence.
with that much money spend a mil on a house, keep a mil for vanity purchases then dump the rest into government bonds for a steady return, re-invest anything you dont spend. blow 200k on learning to survive a collapse because your bonds wont be worth shit if that happens.
above all else dont let ANYONE know you have that much money. if anyone asks how you afforded your house tell them you work a remote tech job and its a rental and that youre only just scraping by.
"there are lots of vultures in the world who want that money"
"invest"
literally give it away to strangers on empty promises
kek...the irony
Send me 1k I promise ill do something cool
Are you fucking stupid? You have more money that most people will earn in several lifetimes, and all you care about is getting some snatch?
Simply bring cocaine to a party. First thing you should be doing is going to the ATM so you can buy kegs and xboxes, good speed and weed. You could buy premium cigarettes off the internet easily with a bank card.
Can you give me any? I would need a fraction of that mount. Buy a mansion in Beverly Hills with that amount would be feasible, even. Don't waste it or file bankrupt paypal; theradbk@hotmail.com
Vacation to Europe, Japan etc. US cities are too dangerous
Why leave that shit sitting in there? Y'know banks can only be held liable for so much right? Spread that out over multiple banks and multiple investment accounts
xboxes
what so OP can be like chief keef and make an xbox mansion that he sits inside alone all day?
because he's lying
no single bank will ever take in that much money unless its swiss bank account
Are you dumb? ANY bank would gladly take that amount of money because banks profit off your money and if they lose it...well, tough luck, they have no responsibility to give it back to you
mr. Merchant
won't take "too many" shekels
kek
stfu tard
I mean he's kind of right.
They'd take it but no way in hell would it just be sitting in some chequing account. They'd have a separate high net worth account type, and most likely try to get you working with a financial planner to invest at least some of it.
That way they profit more, and they're doing their due diligence in making sure you don't risk all those millions by leaving it lying around in ONE account
In Canada, they treat cohabitants for years as if they were married and entitle the woman for money.
Similar laws in the US. I can't remember if it differs by state, but it definitely exists in some weird enough way that my boss and his now-wife were married without their knowledge and the IRS was grumpy about it.
the sense of satisfaction or conquest or validation that a girlfriend will
uh no. 
they would have a financial planner to work with you and advise you to breakup that amount into smaller chunks
ira, brokerage, cd etc would be a starting point to spread your money around and to get the best return
also, if legit, which it isnt, then he shouldnt have a problem posting his withdraw history along with the deposit of that 43 mil
like, show my a receipt saying you having 43 million dollars in your bank account
they always print out a receipt
Several hundred mile road trip to the closest legal brothel. Make sure it's in a rental car and cash only.
you aint gonna post that receipt huh
yeah, i got you
lol faggot
On the tiny off chance this is not complete bullshit, use the money to looksmax with all the best cosmetic surgeons in the world. Become Chad at all costs.
editing the text on a webpage for your local machine
I wouldn't use money to get women to sleep with me unless it is legal prostitution like in the red light district because they would try to take your wealth off of you by accusing you of rape or something. I personally wouldn't even go to prostitutes either but if I were ever going to use money for sex, at least that would be a more honest and straight forward way about it. Infact I would tell no one that I am a millionaire if I were one. I would buy a nice piece of ground where it is away from everyone, build a nice house, make a nice garden and spend my days fishing and wildfowling. I'd forget about women. I would enjoy being able to do what ever the fuck I want in peace. Women only want your money and quite frankly they i'm not impressed with that. Women are not entitled to my money. They can fuck off
Exactly. Invest. Invest in bulk
Please give me money im a cute bio girl please
"invest"
literally give it away to strangers on empty promises
Investing isn't giving your money away for useless, worthless things. Look up the word 'investment'
An investment is something you buy that will make you more money in the long run and that will protect large sums of money from inflation. Something that will either gain value over time or can be made into more money with some work
Give most of that away to starving children in Africa or some other shithole while keeping a healthy amount for yourself. You will feel way better than fucking some golddigger whore or drug addiction.
Roid the fuck out and hire a personal trainer to get Chad physique. Take phenibut so you can be confident and charm women into sex. That will be 20,000 for services rendered please.
Hookers/massages are fine if you're just horny
Obviously if your main problem is loneliness it's just going to make things worse
I'm worth around $8 milliom but I'm still an incel kek. Money means nothing
normalfag doesn't understand some people don't get matches and pique zero interest in women
You don't "become" chad by shoving Dr Barry Eppley implants in your face, you'll end up looking like a clown. If you want to fix recession, it'll mostly only change your side profile. I had a bimax then leanmaxxed and I went from a 3/10 to a 4/10. Still an incel, surgery will never turn an incel into a chad
don't tell them about the money until you know they're not in it for it, find the girl who not only likes you for you but who's life deserves to be made wonderful
Hey anon, female here. Lets chat :3
Are you really female? Can you pretend to love me even though I'm ugly?
How should i get laid?
You take a stroll and look at the people around you. Then you spot the most lovey-dovey couple you can find. Then you walk up to them and tell the foid that you'd pay her 25 grand if she lets you fuck her and cum inside her pussy while her boyfriend watches. She will most likely accept. You will get laid and their relationship will be ruined forever.
its fake but im bored
dont fucking tell anyone
do not pay for pussy, its not worth it
invest in a HUMBLE house, $1-2 mil max
get a serious health checkup, dentist and doctor.. you have money to live longer now
only hire a maid that comes in once a week at most if you are shit at keeping your house in order, dont do something stupid like finding a full hire and forcing her to wear some cheesy outfit
dont just order food all the time, its shit for you even if it comes from an expensive place
buy a kickass pc, gaming is the most cost effective hobby and you can enjoy it to the fullest
if mutt enjoy some firearms
TFW people get gifted 43M and I'll just rot away as an incel hermit on NEETbux until I die and get endlessly harassed in order to keep even that pittance. All while UBI takes forever to come into being.
You don't have to do anything. Women are very attracted to you now.
It's not because of the money though. It's because the money has made you more confident and fixed your negative attitude.
Plz buy me a first gen Ford Puma 1.7
If legit then stay the fuck away from women. They never gave you the time of day when you were an average virgin incel and the only reason they would today now that you're a rich virgin incel is to steal your money.
Pay me two million at the end of two years and 35k after an in person meeting and agreement to turn you into chad that can get any type of girl that you want.
This. Follow Notch's example OP. He's a lonely fat neckbeard but isn't delusional. Smart enough to understand that the only reason anyone would want to be with him is to take his money.
Based destroyer
Freez your account and go to a finance consultant. 
Or several
Who the fuck spends 200k a year
Give 5k to all unique posters here, it's just 63 - 1
$310 000 is nothing over 43 million
When you inherit that much money it comes from a trust. Trust would have a legal team distributing anything from the estate. You would be advised to not withdraw money from roth accounts or investments in cash like that, as you would lose a substantial amount to inflation every year. I've inherited a few million as well, back in 2012. Turned my life absolutely around, but I had a financial advisor and a lawyer do everything for me, so I have passive income and pay close to nothing in taxes on my home which I purchased from the estate. 
I spent close to that on my very first year of having millions, to get a pole barn built on my property, a four post lift, tools, etc and a very nice classic car.
op has money? that should be OUR MONEY! GIMME DATS FO FREE
I used to fantasize about being a rich philanthropist who only gave away his money to people wanting to buy video games or anime figurines and didn't give a penny to people with actual problems. Fuck normal fags.
Get a financial advisor? Alternatively, invest so you never have to work a single day in your life again?
This is like, probably fake and all, but still. If it wasn't, that's enough money to just retire on permanently and have some left over, to boot.
Don't waste the money on women, retard. Save it and invest it sparingly and thoughtfully. Maybe give a little bit to an incel political party or something.
buy a house in full, asap
you could marry me
Fastest way to get sued by all the women and then be broke
mention a fortune
vultures go wild
If this isn't enough of a warning, don't bother with women. They are twice as thirsty for money than men.
when i was working minwage after college, back when that made you only about $300 a week, i realized that in a few hours at a goodwill outlet i could pick up 50 items of vintage clothes and profit on average $15 each on ebay. have to photograph everything &amp; you have to wait for things to sell but once you have an inventory of a few thousand things the sales are very consistent. average sale price is about $30, but not everything sells, and there's shipping costs and fees, so profit per item ends up at about $15 - but at a goodwill outlet, the acquisition cost is $1.59 - $2 49 per pound depending on location, and on average it's about 1 pound = 1 item. So that's 50 items acquired in 2-3 hours, another 3-5 hours to list them, and a bit of time to ship when they sell, so let's say that's 8 hours work per 50 items, and 50 x $15 = $750. it doesn't sound like huge profits but that's almost $100 an hour, and you don't need any capital to get started. downside is that you will need a reasonable knowledge of what vintage clothing is in demand, but anything with an old tag is a good bet and that's not hard to recognize, and you'll get better at knowing what sells fast as you gain experience. some things like men's basic leather jackets seem nice but there are too many, they're heavy to buy &amp; to ship, and they're often damaged, so they arent worth it usually unless theres something special about them, just as an example. you'll also need a place to keep your inventory, either an attic or a storage unit will do, i usually just ziploc bag everything individually, labeled with an inventory number, stored in moving boxes. another advantage of this business is that if you realize some type of thing always sells fast, for example shirts with skulls on them lets say, you can expand into buying new inventory off aliexpress and reselling for profit, and then you're really a happy merchant. oh and get a business accountant if you make over $50k/yr to form an s-corp for you.
i mean if you're desperate to get unvirginfied than just go to a brothel.
don't flaunt your money, buy things that make *you* happy only. anyone who comes running to you for your cash is just going to leave you feeling sad.
this is a great chance for you to treat yourself. if you're looking for love, it'll come to you eventually as long as you participate in your hobbies and the right girl sees you enjoying yourself.
Go see the world dude you just became a millionaire over night and the first thing your coomer brain decides to do is go 4chan and ask about pussy
I'll let you fuck my bussy for $1 million
zoomie phonepostards have no idea about this shit. its why they keep falling for discord """leaks"""
It's the source code, the HTML to be specific
probably photoshopped
Do a complete makeover + bodybuilding (new clothes, etc etc)
Do a vasectomy, you don't want kids BELIEVE ME
Go to party hard places all over the world while investing 42mil on risk free assets and bonds and diverse portfolio etc
Go have fun, rent a yacht, do expensive drugs, bang hot women, the works.
I'd forget about women.
so you're OK with jerking off to porn instead?
Donate it to someone on onlyfans over time, then ask where they live
incel
claims to be rich
why don't you just rent escorts?
finally gets rich to enjoy life
gets stabbed by an angry boyfriend
kek sure good idea
Alright retard time to leave the US of you live there and never talk to women again unless it's professionally
do expensive drugs
die
fortune goes to drug dealer
heh fuck you
never talk to women again
so you're OK with jerking off to porn forever?
I don't jerk of to porn either. There is more to life than fuckin stupid women and your penis
I don't jerk of to porn either
so you're OK with jerking off WITHOUT porn?
don't tell me you never drain the pipes coz that would be a lie, and you would also die from internal prostate infection if you even tried.
so you're OK with jerking off WITHOUT porn?
Yep
and you would also die from internal prostate infection if you even tried
That's not actually true. But whatever
About 1/3 of strippers will fuck you for about 100 dollars a pop.
Don't get married or let a woman live with you unless you can blackmail her.
he still has per-bag/per-pound thrifts around him 
Nigga what timeline are you in, Depop zoomers ruined this hustle, Goodwill prices shit like new
so you're OK with jerking off WITHOUT porn?
Yep
wow so fuckin boring
what a sad life you have
Can you help me kickstart my /x/-related company if you're into that kind of stuff anon
wow so fuckin boring
what a sad life you have
ok
what do you even think about while jerking off?
Of course you can. It has literally been done at least dozens of times over.
Not telling. It's private and I don't trust "anonymous" image boards like 4trans
fuck you trolling faggot i know you're watching porn
your own imagination is not enough to make you coom unless you did nofap for like 2 months
hire my wife as a life coach for a year. unironically tho
all investments are stocks
kek
Not interested
Show examples then. The 10 people in the history of psl forums who actually got multiple surgeries had a bump of 2 points max. Show me the guy who went from a 2/10 to 7/10 by shoving barry eppley implants in his face
you missed a key word, dummy. goodwill OUTLET. you also obviously didnt read the whole post because i explained that the prices there are $1.49-$2.29 a pound depending on location. 
at goodwill outlets, even near NYC, there is some hipster competition, but there is far more stuff available than you will need. it's hard to even leave once you have your weekly haul because they just keep bringing out more stuff. 
also, lmao @ implying depop zoomers actually do anything in quantity. that would take effort and persistence. theyre all fighting each other to get a few "muh dope tshirts" they hope to get $100 for - meanwhile, the place is littered with flannels, sweaters, etc that are each an easy $30 and sell a lot faster and more consistently. zoomer dopefags also don't care about women's clothing, which is retarded because women buy 20x the clothing that men do. 
don't @ me again unless its for advice bitch boy, ive done this for years and it only gets more profitable as you learn niches that dopefags don't know about. i legit clear six figures profit kek
hahahahah are you faggots SERIOUS? you cant nut from your own imagination? holy shit, how ruined by porn are you? i'm 29, masturbate probably 2x a day forever, used to watch stuff but don't usually bother anymore, prefer just doing it in the shower. 
if its really unfathomable to you that someone could nut without porn you have serious issues. as a healthy male under 50 you should be able to mentally summon an erection without touching in under two minutes. if you cant do that, sorry to tell you but your shit is all fucked up.
if that's true then why only 43 million? why not like 700million or a couple billion?
its insane that people spend all that money on implants and roids and shit when they still get their hair done at supercuts lmao. go to a real hair salon that charges at least $50, hire a personal trainer like a lot of normies do, and you'll get waaay more improvement than some freakish implants. heck, personal trainers can even help you meet people or get invited to places, and theyre always turbonormies so talking to them is good practice for all cels.
Not interested
what are you some asexual faggot?
Holy crap.
I knew common-law "marriages" legally counted to fuck us in the ass, but always assumed cohabiting was a must.
Thank God i'm not a leaf.
Because 700 million is too ridiculously unbelievable faggot
you should be able to mentally summon an erection without touching in under two minutes
that's abnormal and fuckin weird.
you're a sick fuck with mental problems.
he picked a high but seemingly realistic number. 
the most obvious reason it's fake is that it would be highly unusual to directly get $43 million cash as inheritance - usually people's money is invested in things like companies and properties that you would receive their stake in, not direct money. 
plus, even if it was a cash sum that big, any competent attorney would set it up a trust (a type of corporate entity) to hold the money and transfer a smaller amount of money per year to the recipient or dispense it as needed, so as to reduce the yearly tax obligation. 
it COULD happen that a rich kook just left his kid a pile of cash in a direct check but that's a heck of a lot more unlikely than OP being a fudger.
nigger you need to watch videos of other people having sex to get an erection and you're saying i have problems? i literally just have to think of sexy chix and i get a hard on. you are literally dependent on technology to be aroused, i am not. 
surely you can at least stroke yourself into an erection without porn, right? everyone with a working penis can do that, right?
I knew common-law "marriages" legally counted to fuck us in the ass
not in new jersey! me &amp; my gf counted as common law married in our old state but then we moved and now we arent married anymore lol. although if anything i'm the one fucked because her family's got all the money.
surely you can at least stroke yourself into an erection without porn, right? everyone with a working penis can do that, right?
maybe if i haven't fapped for a month or 2, but the orgasm with porn is 100 times better than without, i'm not sure if you're some weird freak or you just don't care about pleasure and satisfaction. cooming without porn gets boring fast and if porn didn't exist i'd probably fap like once a month.
show me the inspect element window
yeah, no, i'm pretty normal. you never just get a stiffie in the morning and jack it? you never get hard washing your balls and just jack it? how old are you? don't you have wet dreams or horny ones and wake up with a rager? you're just like already jacking it really, its not even conscious. did you start watching porn from a really early age or something? you seem kind of damaged.
you never get hard washing your balls and just jack it?
why would you be aroused by that to the point of having a coom emergency? that's retarded.
eww are you some secret gay?
you g