this is so fucking fake
there's no gravity in space
But suddenly there's some on the moon
Lighting is also perfect
Everything about it is staged
 There's no gravity in space
 But suddenly there's gravity on this massive huge chunk of rock
No fucking shit retard
there's no gravity in space
but suddenly there's some on Earth
Lighting is also perfect
Everything about it is staged
That one video on yt convinced me it's fake and no one has convincingly debunked THE video yet. So yea, this shit is obviously kinda fake and gay
it's comments like this that remind me how retarded you need to be to believe the moon landing is fake.
Muh we lost the technology
50 years later nobody can still go to the moon
The amount of fluoride on the pineal gland it takes to believe this yet another american psyop is crazy
Anons talk me through how they faked the moon landing 
Where did the rocket and astronauts really go?
I need a step by step chronology of events
I can deboonk every retarded line in american moon. The documentary effect is a gish galloping trick.
They went back to the moon like 5 times after a11 and they're about to go again very soon with the artemis program.
execute yourself immediately. fuck off and die.
This is the correct response to sealioning
nobody went to the moon with 50x better technology, because prevous tech is "lost"
and because its not financially feasible
but apparently still went to the moon 5 more times
how'd you get through van allen belts?
we uhh... nu.. nuked them of course yeah, thats it
Imagine someone said they had 2.33ghz processor pc with 4gb of ram back in 1969, but in 2023, still not a single pc exists. People would dissmiss that in a blink, but moon landing makes perfect sense though.
You people seem to short circuit when your "WHY NEEVER GO BACK HUH???" meme gets btfo. Listen. There were like 7 manned moon landings and they're about to go again. It was not one time stunt. Get over it.
american moon documentary is effectively completely censored off youtube so no matter what you type in search results you will not get the video recommended, im surpised however it is not outright banned from the platform
luckily i have the link to the most detailed debunking of the moon hoax, every possible argument gets shattered
enjoy docukino
https://youtu.be/KpuKu3F0BvY [Embed]
Asks for evidence once
Sealioning
Ok retard
I already addressed this issuein my post, get a reading comprehension. Also, thats just 1 response for multiple issues i wrote out. Plastic in your bottles is making you compliant and effeminate.
Can't you just get a telescope and look at the moon to see the flag for yourself?
they use nanoweave technology on their telescope lenses to superimposed a picture of a flag on the lens when it detects that its in a specific orientation facing the "moon" man honestly the moon isnt even real its just a weather balloon in the strato"sphere" that they pay some guy to move around throughout the night in order to squeeze space tax out of the citizenry. they need the extra funds to keep expanding the earth so that nobody finds its edges so they hide their machines inside the hollow ground until we go to sleep and start building again if you listen closely at night you can even hear it
tak tak. tak tak. tak tak. tak tak.
idk I asked chatgpt
I'm not a retard I just have a really good bad faith detector
pfft well isnt that convenient.
we can get to the moon but you wanna see the moon from earth? dont have the technology for that
they must think were fucking idiots. i learned how to make magnifying glasses in like second grade
I just want to know what you think happened, if you don't know that's fine
You should reread >>72986823 until it sinks in
online platforms suppress misinformation
streisand effect intensifies
schizos perceive this as "the truth (((("""they^^^^^""""")) don't want you to know!"
lol there's no winning
they placed reflectors on the moon to prove that they were there. And the broadcast from the moon was picked up by other countries.
whatever bro you can simply watch the documentary yourself
its not even schizo tier just all around high quality well made documentary, you can chose to check it out yourself or you can seethe about the topic youre not well informed about
Why do you think that development in one field magically develops a completely different field. How exactly does the ability to make microscopic features in silicon translate to making a massive rocket?
All our powerful cpus come from a handful of fabs, close those down and the entire world looses the ability to make powerful cpus.
I didnt say computers are relevant to discussion, just made an example
so you dont know 
ok
there's no gravity in space
But suddenly there's some on the moon
muh Van Allen belts
Flying to Japan on business twice a year is the same amount of radiation as passing through the Van Allen belts
ancient egyptians "built the pyramids"
humans haven't build pyramids since 
ergo the pyramids aren't real
"I have no fucking idea what 'sealioning' is supposed to be"
FTFY
I didnt create a problem out of van allen belts, but moonfags certainly think it is since they say it needed to be no less than nuked lmao
a documentary questioning the fact we went to da moon
not schizo tier
lol ok bro. i might watch it when me and my buds get some special k in and have 3.5 hours to sink
Here is a picture of the Apollo 11 landing site taken by the Indiana Chandrayan 2 lunar imaging and mapping module in 2021.
The Chinese probe Chang'e 2 also saw ALL the landing sites in 2010.
Tell me again how China is helping the US lie about going to the Moon.
I just was backing you
van allen belts
that problem was solved without nukes you fucking loser moron. it simply involved flying the shortest distance through it and providing radiation protection to the spacecraft. also the belt takes 53 minutes to travel through at its shortest distance and only gives off 11.4 rads worth of radiation. it takes 300 rads in an hour to kill a man.
*Indian, not Indiana, darnit
Oh sorry
Captcha
Damn r9k is really full retard now just like pol
Really losing hope for the future. I saw IQs are trending down but I figured it was an averages thing, not that all zoomers are actually fucking stupid
Then you moontards need to agree within yourself what various solutions were faggit. It wasnt me that made this up.
just kill yourself, youre hopeless
It wasnt me that made this up.
Some other braindead guy that can't count made it up and you fell for it
What's fake is thinking I'd thinking that's the first time we've been on the moon. Of all the Apollo missions to the moon no one died, (Apollo 1 was training mishap). We have maintained a base on the dark side of the moon since the civil war as a contact point for the extraterrestrial.
honestly still believing in the moon landing should be considered schizo tier
Yeah, but it's entirely irrelevant. That's the problem with all the popular conspiracies people talk about. They make no real difference in your life and they never lead to anything actionable which could improve your life. These conspiracies aren't worth your time or effort. It would be much more useful to look into the germ theory lie, nutrition, biochemistry, and industrial toxins permeating everything around you. These are just a few examples of things which could lead to a tangible and positive change in your life
launched delayed. I don't think space is fake, it's just not really habitable or possible for life to travel around. God made it very fucking hard to be around space.
It is. You just have to be "one of us" and not "one of them" for that (and whatever else you want) to be true.
