I have mild phimosis yet my foreskin and dick hurt like crazy when trying to have sex
It's to the point where I'm literally physically unable to have sex?
My phimosis isn't that bad. I can relatively comfortably slide back my foreskin to beneath the tip, even when hard. 
But my girlfriend's opening especially is quite tight and it's a struggle to even insert... let alone actually put it in. It hurts like crazy
what the fuck do I do? Getting quite frustrated with this shit
It already took me 3 months to get over my performance anxiety and actually manage to get hard and stay hard... and now this.
Holy fuck it's so frustrating. I just wanna have sex man
Stop being a fucking retard fix your phimosis then dumbshit. Man I swear you people have to ask how yo add 2 plus 2 as well now. No ability to problem solve.
yeah let me get right on that and grab my scissors
This is AI art, right? With real life models (especially Asian ones) using too much photo filtering and plastic surgery it's hard to tell.
yeah it's 100% AI
Again being a fucking retard. So brainwash your immediate thought was to go butchering yourself. How you even managed a woman acting like this is beyond me.
Streych your foreskin out. This is what I did
how did you get over it? send tips
you sure she's wet enough, phimobro? Not that I'd know anything about that since no gf
Yeah I'll start doing it from today onwards but that stuff takes months right?
Besides I can get it below my tip and back up again relatively comfortably
It slowly got better over time as I grew comfortable around her. 
A few things that really helped were just both undressing completely and lying nude for a couple hours just kissing and touching each other but no sex (said from the beginning we wouldn't try that day - which would ease the tension I felt). And another thing was just time desu.
That said you'll probably hate to hear this but what helped me push me over the edge was going to a doctor and getting prescribed a really low dose of viagra. Only had to use it 3 times. Now last time didn't take anything and managed to stay hard the entire time.
well when I finger her she feels really wet so I guess? 
I might buy lube though. Just to cover all bases
