The funniest thing about beaners, chinks, and poos is that they think they're short because of lack of nutrition. The reality is even if you cucks ate shit tons of protein and exercised a lot, you would still be shorter than whites. Your genetics are inferior.
The average white is a fat balding manlet who lets black men fuck his gf as he watches.
mfw black and reading this thread
5'8" here and let me tell you some thing you piece of fucking shit.
I'm handsome as fuck and have a babyface that allows me to pull easy zoomer pussy because of it. You should see some of the tight little bodies I've fucked. I have a 7.5in dick and not a single girl I have ever banged has failed to text/call me for a bootycall late at night. I embrace any challenge I get from someone who tries to stand in my face and intimidate me with their height, because it's pathetic. Low center of gravity, fast reflexes, and ridiculous core strength will allow me to either 1) quickly take you to the ground where I will stomp your fat face or 2) out last you with endurance because your shitty, overweight frame required to ground that extra height made you more tired. I make 85k a year as an mid-level engineering manager at Ford (they will most likely promote me to upper management within the next 2-3 years). I fuck shit up in every single sport and would destroy any of you (minus basketball where skill/taIent is substituted out for height). I've been compared to Messi in my soccer style. Quick dribbling and cutting in between every opponent in front of me. I scored 95 goals throughout my high school varsity soccer career. I made the varsity football team freshman year as starting runningback but soccer and football were the same season so I couldn't dominate both.
Sports I would destroy you at in order
Soccer
Football
E-sports
Baseball
Endurance running
Tennis
Golf
Footgolf
Ping Pong
others
I know you. Ugly is a given. Probably curly hair. Tried to grow a beard but it was patchy and you were sad for awhile about that. Struggling to find a way to validate yourself you took to reminding everyone how you're "Over 6 feet tall!", as if that was some sort of cutoff for being a man. When in reality you're just as pathetic as every other self-hating wannabe piece of shit out there, yet you have somehow convinced yourself you've won the genetic lottery.
bro, I am not reading all that shit !
captcha:argme
Sports I would destroy you at in order
Sports i would destroy you in:
Making a woman cum
cope hard
yes the most secure race must remind us all of their existence.
I'd destroy you at golf!1
nice pasta
beaners
Don't lump them in with the rest of those subhumans.
YTs will never not be butthurt over race stuff, lel.
jesus, gosling looks like hammered shit now
tfw half chink but identify as white and no one can stop me because I'm 6'2"
saw ur crush with her desi boyfriend again, huh?
nah he's lookin pretty handsome for 42. ken gosling is literally me.
the funniest thing about whites is that they think they're superior because they're tall. the reality is even if you think that being tall makes you a man, your girlfriend will still leave you for Tyrone's cock, or Yae-Joon's looks, or Pajeet's wallet, or Abdul's dominance, or Jose's corn fed muscles. Your superiority is as fragile as your testosterone is low.
Yae-Joon here - we don't want yo girl, our Women are the best k thx.
You have the worst case of short man syndrome I have ever seen
mog the hague
Here is me flexing on the Terence, china bastard bitch
Tall men are tall due to extreme testosterone deficiency. They learn performative masculinity to cope.
LMFAO pajeets are the ugliest men on the planet dont even lretend otherwise
who said they were hot? please learn to read retard
Probably more like this nignog
Being so short that you have a tdee around 1200 is good when you are trying to outlive a famine, not so much when trying to get hoes. Sad to say.
G0S28X
holy keyed
shortchads won
Short people can produce TALL children, this isn't a fucking problem, but a FETISHIZATION by a barbaric society that places the female perspective above anyone else's
Fuck off and kys, faggot. Never post this again.
Soon as a Black man enters
White man starts backpedaling
No, Penis size doesn't matter!
Those statistics are fake!
Girls are only dating Black men cause Jews!
It's all so hilarious
God gave wypipo height bonus to balance out their tranny genes. It's aint working.
OP absolutely bootyblasted. Think before you post next time, OP. Thats the one thing my mother taught me
this being spammed for the 26 thousandth time
It is almost as if making the country actively hostile to White men actually dampens their moods. Fuck off, kike.
