why even bother with foids at this point LMAO
I really feel for the guy if true. He's being cucked by his own son.
The absolute state of that guy.
Worth getting a paternity test desu if he looks significantly different from himself
This makes me very happy. Why didn't Mrs. Roast just have a bastard with Mr. Uniquey? Because she's retarded.
I'd take advantage of the insane laws in the redneck states and disappear with the kid in the night into the safety of Florida or Iowa or wherever, change his name, start a new life, tell the kid his mom died or something and use your escape from "the liberals trying to take my son and my whore wife" to become popular, they'd think it was based, you could run for state senate on the story
Let this be a lesson to all the robots out there: never date a coalburner
Right. You don't even leave your room, let alone would you be capable of a number like that.
its like a switch was flipped in my mind and i cant look at her the same way
Are normies literally retarded?
You had a shitty experience that made you feel bad and it confronted your established view of her and caused some dissonance, as much of the relationship may be built on lies and the affection you felt may have been one sided
Women are heartless brutes.
It's a metaphor/simile dumbass, he isn't being literal and he knows it.
He may be norm, but there's nothing wrong with what he said.
Now if you had a problem with him marrying this dumb c*nt in the first place, that's a diff story
yes but I'm not the guy in the post you fucking retard so obviously I personally am not doing it, if I was a normie in his situation I would
Because he doesnt know the deeper causes behind it, he just feels the surface emotions and is pining to strangers anonymously for input because he has no idea how to respond or what to feel, reasonably enough because his whole relationship may be a lie and she still had chad in her mind so much she even named their kid(maybe not even his) after him
aaaaaaand that's why you marry a virgin
Tyrone*
Her ex is a n*gger
He says the kid is 100% his. It looks like him and the ex is a darkie
Well deserved I hope this is true and his life ends up miserable
Alphonse is that you? If so: you deserve all the ghostings you got
Women literally never forget about their first loves, even if they were the ones who broke it up.
What's his move at this point?
Realistically speaking, how does he do the least damage possible to the kid while cutting ties with the whore? 
Is there any way where he can be meticulous about it, plan a divorce for 1-2 years and ensure it ends with him being 100% the victor?
disregard this post, I no longer care after reading this: >>72988457
We're changing the kid's name or getting a divorce. Possibly and.
Cuck mentality on display.
This man is doomed and will leave the rest of his life in pain and feeling used and pathetic
Tell him that neither of his parents love him and it's all his mothers fault, then never have any contact with that disgusting thing again.
Legally change his son's name. It's probably some retarded niggerbabble like "Keyshawn" or "BonQuavius".
Any zoomer or young millenial who lives with a woman, let alone marries a woman, let alone breeds with a foid, deserves everything he's going to get.
As a man it's your duty to name your sons.
So there's some white kid out there named Tyrone? top kek.
Guys, I'm a pretty attractive 19 year old guy that gets laid. PLEASE tell me where I can find romantically inexperienced women before it's too late.
It's 21st century, sweaty. The name is prob something like
I fucking hate how passive aggressive women can be holy shit.
no one cares, go back, nigger
Plenty of those in Ireland and shit.
It's more like >>72990856 said. There's a white Janquantavious III out there, anonbro...
Holy crap...
HS boyfriend, probably didn't last long, cheats on her in what was probably one of her first somewhat serious relationships and she still gives his fucking name to her first kid.
Nigger gotta have a 15 inch dick or something.
This is the power of Chad/Tyrone.
At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if the boy wasn't even his.
My cuck radar is going off the charts.
why even bother with foids at this point LMAO
Because we all know every Reddit post is real.
Thanks for posting and keeping the negative feedback loop of incel sour grapes going.
Will the circle be unbroken https://youtu.be/U06gfP8Si9s?t=43 [Embed]
What made you even think this is the case? That doesn't make any sense.
just plain animals at this point
What's wrong with this if it's a nice name? My favorite name is also my first crush's name, it's not because it's his name in particular, it's just a beautiful name
I'd feel much bettER, driving a black BMW...
The real victim in this is little Jamal J'kwongtoo Johnson III who is caught up in his father's insecurities
I named my daughter after a girl who went to school with me who was a half mutt from England, many such cases
Even though I wouldn't divorce her, I honestly don't think I'd be able to continue loving her. It'd just be an emotionless union
Agreed. It's time for us to go our own way. I don't trust AI, and trans GFs aren't mentally healthy. So the next logical choice is a big butt horse GF.
