to quit porn forever without finding a sexual partner? i dont care what the latest nu-science says, i dig deeper and see that porn (esp extreme porn) is terrible for your brain, esp doing it regularly. im also a smoker and i think of my time watching porn and whacking it as the same level of daily semi-involuntary habit as smoking cigarettes, and even similarly destructive.. how do i quit? i feel like its degrading, and i feel like im pathetic every time i jizz
can ni block all porn websites on my computer and phone and make it ultra hard to unlock them?
You can always set up a router-level DNS that blocks pornographic sites and then change the password to something idiotic you'll never in a million years guess. Can't fix that without knowing how to factory reset your router and know the stock password for the thing. 
Love from /g/.
i dont care what the latest nu-science says, i dig deeper and see that porn (esp extreme porn) is terrible for your brain, esp doing it regularly.
I believe what I like 
Also I don't think "nuscience" advocates for porn either.
i looked it up on google ("porn unhealthy") earlier and had to sort through like two pages of "porn is totally good for you and even can help you overcome sexual anxiety or add years to your life etc" before i found anything any negative facts on it
of course the nuscience still said lke, if youre watching porn too much, for hours a day, then that could become a bit much, but nothing else. i feel like it used to be common to find that but maybe porn companies have paid a lot for new powerful shills on the internet who knows
a few articles before finding the one with how it affects your brain only said it was bad bc the wrong types can encourage men to be misogynists lol
Provide evidence? They advocate for fapping I will agree but they don't advocate for porn.Feminists have been batshit about porn industry for a while now.By your logic the "nuscience" will not against this narrative right? Atleast not most of it.
Making up stuff here 
Because that's what porn does? Also confirmation bias. You just jumped on the misogyny part.
