wtf is wrong with this retard
He is a chad
He likes a sci-fi movie square enix made called Final Fantasy, (film sucked)
Also one of hos friends could have text that, just say, Look I want to hang out with you and be close friends for a few months, no sex
If you want sex then just fuck him, when you want.
husband material marry him NOW
1997 sex with natalie imbruglia?
I understand this reference.
Hasn't she aged badly?
shut up bitch your favorite movie is wall-e and atlantis you fucking womanchild and u dont even know taxi driver who is the retard biatchh
what's it from? not OP obviously...
hence the 1997. non-negotiable
Well?
Yeah we need to make a time machine and go back and take her at this point in time
keked, great spin. such a classic but execution was great, couldnt see it until last line. now the question for tha ages. your nipples. lick or suck?
listen glownigger, if you want to hire me for media consulting, you HAVE to give me a gf first. or one favor, either or.
for those out of the loop
i cant wait for AI robot women that are indistinguishable from real women. i will order a 1997 model natalie imbruglia
here, enjoy orginianamaili
Thanks, I have no ideas what this is and now I no longer care.
This thread has been highjacked and is Natalie Imbruglia thread (1997 only)
Do you like getting them nibbled on?
You can contact China and get one custom made, well not an AI one just a real sex doll, maybe ask them to implant all her songs for it to sing as you are stroking her head
Yeah, I feel you, men have a really bad time at understanding female intimacy, and that women really like to fuck like whores, but at the "right moment and right time". You can't just waltz in like that, it's an instant pussy drier. You gotta do the small talk, insist on meeting up soon, grab her hand or hug her at the right moment, if she lets you, she wants to bang. That's the international code in my book. Why do you look for solace in an incel group? I'm just a chad lurker but reddit is a better place to vent shit like that.
I figured as much and obviously it was a troll in origin anyway considering someone said the awful FF movie was their favorite. Pretty funny though, even if obvious.
You just answered your own question lol
