https://youtu.be/tG52F_GvKZ0 [Embed]
I fucking love frank hassle! I wanna do what he does!
Oh hey it's you again! When was the last time you posted?
Likeeeeeee
3 months ago? My boy boobies have gotten a bit bigger U w U
Im currently feminizing one stupid boi I found in here. Stupid fuck is gonna be a girl for me for now on. Pathetic fucker....he will be feminized
He will be bimbofied
And he will be estrogenized
But same old same old. Might have to take summer school ahahaha. My life fell apart due to the building pressure all of my life since I had no friends or anything 
And I also wanna make a website. Jamie tired T~T
I thought you were just an hrt femboy, guess I was a bit wrong. Do you get mistaken for a girl?
What will the website bee for?
Hahahahaha I wish I was mistaken as a girl. Im shy so I dont get any opportunitys to be mistaken
And I AM an hrt femboy. I just dont really care if I have boy boobies. The website will be for all my thoughts!!! I can get the url printed on a big roll of stickers as a qr code. Then, Ill put it EVERYWHERE....even bathroom stalls
Ill put the bi and trans flag In bathrooms too. Im sure that will piss people off XDXD
and Ill write all my deafest thoughts there and also review anime and write stories
I dont know if I look like a girl or anything. Ill try injections and a lotta looksmaxing. Injections should do the trick. Im on a low dose now
did he fall asleep?
so you mean a blog. Why not just blogpost on 4chan?
Cuz I can do lots of cool stuff on a website and its more perminant 
Ill still do both, silly
Im just hate social media oligarch leftoid ceos and its based and cool
Jamie gets distracted 
Jamie sowry >,&lt;
waht kinda cool things you wanna do on ur site?
Ill write articles and be very homophobic and ill put cool anime pictures up and Ill write about my life and Ill do anime reviews and Ill talk about my imaginary friend 
(: yeh, it will b noice
I hate faggots btw
Why is every right-wing eceleb a weird faggot groomer?
Thats not true
Troons are more into that stuff. And calling me an e celeb is a real exaggeration >,&lt;
What anime do u like? 0~0
Idk Jamie I have some gay frens and the only person who called me a faggot (even though I'm literally straight0 and blocked me was homophobic. I imagine people like my previous "fren" would also call you a faggot for taking hormones and cuteposting.
hiii jamie whatcha been up 2
Act just outside the norm and suddenly your a faggot...
Stupid fucking normalfaggots...
I take hormones because its in my best interest. Maybe you people should wake up and realize the predicament modern men are in. Im cute enough to be a femboy so why the fuck wouldnt I? Its in my best interest
Same thing
I cant contain my power level any longer
Figure
