that there is nowhere you fit in?
that there is no one who would ever like you?
that you will always be on the outside?
that LDARing is not a choice but an inevitability?
that no one will care about your corpse until it starts to stink up the place?
For me it's when I turned 14 or so. I had a best friend but then in high school he ditched me to go hang out with the stoners. I tried to also hang out with them but I wasn't a stoner and I wasn't accepted by them, so I started to just go to the library but I wasn't really a bookworm, I just had nowhere to go during lunch and no one to hang out with after school. That never changed and now I'm 37. I haven't had a real friend since. I just accepted the solitude a long time ago.
now I'm 37
Jealous. I wish I was 37 because that would put me a lot closer to retirement or death
no you don't wanna be old. being old sucks
Elementary school, was always out of the loop on everything so I could never relate to any of the girls, guys didn't like me either for some reason. I'm autistic and wasn't diagnosed with ADHD at the time so I didn't get help until high school. It was too late because I became a recluse by then.
I was probably around 4 or 5 when I realized, and it was the greatest moment of my life because I learned I was not an NPC and was thus not relegated to an NPC fate.
I understand bro. I'm in a similar boat, I also came to a similar realization at 14 and am close to you in age and similarly without friends.
hopefully your death is peaceful and painless as i hope mine to be.
How are you 37 and on fucking /r9k/? This has to be bait. Go fishing or to work or something.
When I was around 13 my friends told me that the are only friends with me because they pity me since then i can't get it out of my head. Now I'm 24 and can't get that out of my head.
Why are normalfags so cruel? I don't understand it.
at least they were honest.
facing and coping with the truth is always preferable to living a deluded life imo.
I'm sorry snon, I wish the world were less cruel.
autism, ADHD and other mental illnesses are truly the mark of the devil.
I hate women who adopt it as some kind of quirky label so much. my suffering is not your costume REEEEEEeEEEeeEEE
I don't understand why all these tiktok girls fetishize autism and adhd and yet they act really mean towards me, can't wait to leave that shitty school in June.
I refuse to accept this as truth.
that there is nowhere you fit in?
4th grade when everyone already made fun of my appearance and I would spend recese alone every day.
that there is no one who would ever like you?
When I was 16 I knew I would be alone forever and die alone rotting in a house until the smell alerted the neighbors.
You still don't get it. When women say shit like that, they mean Chad. They like Chad that happens to be a nerd. They like Chad that happens to have autism. They like Chad that happens to play video games. If you aren't Chad, they don't see you as a human.
You're not a human in their eyes so they don't feel bad for being cruel or making your life hell. Hurting you is like killing an anoying fly to them.
Meh, I find my self fitting in and being liked more as I get older. 
But, I find my self getting picky with women even though I shouldn't out of sexual frustration with doublestandards and just hating how rampant "thot" culture is.
33 here, 4chan has been around for a while. people act like this website launched two years ago lol
If you aren't Chad, they don't see you as a human.
But I'm a girl...
YWNBAW so stop larping as a one
How can I larp as something I'm born as? All normalfags are mean to me regardless of if they have a dick or pussy.
YWNBAW, you konw what you have to prove otherwise. Tits + timestamp or GTFO
