A product/service doesn't get to determine its value, the market does.
If all men suddenly decided that they would only date redheads, the sexual market value of redheads would dramatically go up and all others down.
So why then do women do shit like this? Like the body positivity movement. Women seem to think it would be easier to CHANGE ENTIRE SOCIETAL/BIOLOGICAL NORMS then to just lose weight. Men don't do this shit. Men try to figure out what women want and then become that. 
I don't understand the mindset.
same woman
Yes, and this girl can easily find a boyfriend or even a husband, so her assertion is correct.
That's dehumanizing. Women aren't things, we are people, and my value as a person isn't diminished based on how many men I have been with.
Your value to me is, deal with it
Your value is a person doesn't, in a moral/spiritual sense. But your sexual market value does. Same with age, physical attraction, etc.
People are things.
For example, would you rather marry a poor man or a rich man ?
printing more money doesn't cause inflation, either. it's actually the result of Putin and price-gouging. 
So, I'll spell it out for you incels - saying that fucking more guys diminishes a woman's value is nothing more than Russian alt-right propaganda rooted in anti-Semitism and misogyny.
a woman could be in the process of fucking another man in the middle of your wedding ceremony, and she could STILL be a good person. just because a girl likes sex doesn't make her a bad person.
just because a girl wants to abort her baby doesn't mean she's a bad person.
just because a girl cheats doesn't mean she's a bad person.
it means you, the male, are a bad person because YOU hold the power due to the dynamics of the cis-heteronormative white-anglicized Patriarchal Christian system that has caused systemic oppression of women and BIPOC for centuries.
schizoposter go away.
Lol not "men" from r9k. Robots are defeatist losers who blame everyone else and don't put in the effort.
