simp starts crying when he admits hes a beta buxx
https://youtu.be/Be1LL3XnxTM?t=1521 [Embed]
money maxxing is cope
dude has $20 in his bank account. hes in debt and in collections. He still simping and buying his jobless GF everything. The man will end up homeless by simping. 
Hes not even bad looking, dude is a 5/10
JFL when his GF sees this video she will realize he is broke and a crybaby. Her hypergamy will kick in and she'll begin looking for a richer man
My [redacted] was watching this show earlier today. There was a jobless guy. He was going through his credit card bill
Sad
Average /adv/ poster
Dude is 31 years old. His GF is 23. He is basically a sugar daddy while having a negative net worth of -20k
How can we compete with simps that are willing to bankrupt themselves for pussy
i worked as a financial advisor for some time and i love the concept of this show but the host sucks so much i can't watch it
We can't. It's fucking over.
JFL he probably doesn't get pussy from her often and she cheats with chad while hes at work
You're just jealous of him, incel.
I watched a Dave Ramsey clip yesterday. He was losing his mind at a guy who just graduated medical school and, along with his new doctor wife, was 670k in debt.
omg how could you
Guy explains he has no family support, so had to pay for college himself
what's wrong with you
Guy explains he has no family support, so had to pay for college himself
what the hell did you spend the money on, that's insane, that's a small house, blah blah blah
I googled the average tuition costs for the degrees the guy had...and it was 300k. So he and his wife had about 70k extra to pay for food and board etc since you can't work and do medicine at the same time for the last couple of years. His debt was completely reasonable. Not only that, after his residency he and his wife would make 400k a year combined...Ramsey was like "what are you gonna do, live on 50k a year for three years!?"
It was complete clickbait.
modern men
What the FUCK kind of shoddy workmanship is that?
hes fat and reeks of onions
