Why do these threads get made so often and why do they generate so many replies?
because it's true
you know it
Because this board is filled with failed normies.
Demoralization. Basically made this depress to go the point that you don't want to do anything.
Trannies and foids here dont like it because it encourages you to give society the finger. So they argue endlessly with le heckin incels agreeing with it. Thus creating the huge reply chains.
Because
1. it's true
2. it makes copers seethe and mald
Case in point, first coper is already seething when faced with the reality that people who have girlfriends didn't need to self improooooove
RIGHT one third balsamic vinegar, one 3rd honey and one 3rd olive oil. Put that shit in a jar with a lid, shake it, or just whisk it in a bowl. Yeah baby now you got a salad dressing.
Deep down we all want to see it conclusively debunked, but it never happens.
It can be debunked by going outside
touches on something people know to be true but can't quite justify or quantify but which they know is underacknowledged in general discourse. genes matter for everything from intelligence to looks to personality to athletics.
the 
improoooove! 
people pretend to be the more rational, less emotional side but never honestly interact by offering evidence for how much they think can or can't be changed about yourself and what evidence they base these claims on. it's always just 
go outside
or
this is demoralisation!
well, what if reality is just demoralising?
how about you give me some data and arguments instead of constant cheap psychological manipulation and shaming?
Because a lot of anons never go outside. The only selectively remember some high school movies that exaggerate old movie tropes.
Assmads anon mostly
It can be debunked just by going outside and growing a pair
data
The data is in your existence. If it was 
uhhhh genetics
Then you wouldn't exist. The sooner you realize this the sooner you'll start going outside. There are people with 100x worse genetics than you who have children. Get a life.
see what I mean? constant appeals to some general consensus, shaming, personal attacks, etc. It's all low effort psychological manipulation. not sure if i have ever seen a improoover bother to post some stats or studies. 
mindnumbingly stupid. not sure you can even be talked with. can you really not see the multitude of basic logic errors in your 2 sentences worth of thought? seriously? 
There are people with 100x worse genetics than you who have children.
The data is in your existence.
If it was genetics then you wouldn't exist.
common, you're like a parody of how not to reason?!
shaming
Have you read the OP, dumbass?
The 
genetics
crowd is always stupid. they never have an argument and then have never even attempted to name a single gene that is relevant. they just resort to irrational cope to claim they don't need to try.
It goes against the normalfags deepest ingrained cope: the just world fallacy - "everything is fine, my enemies are just whiny"
not sure if i have ever seen a improoover bother to post some stats or studies.
Improovers dont care about stats and studies.
To be fair, people who believe the OP pic about being genetic dead ends are using a just world fallacy about genetics. They think good genes are rewarded and bad genes are punished in a just world.
All demoralization shills, though. We are under constant attack by trannies who want you to become one of them.
A weak, virgin man is ALWAYS a natural woman. It's just genetics.
Thanks for admitting it so early
have you tried making an argument?
instead of trying to dismiss the OP because it's oh so rude or w/e, how about you try steelmanning the argument made in there and try to disprove that? maybe then sometbody would care for what you have to say? you're constant "oh, look at these demoralised losers!" is like OP with the argument surgically removed. it's pure shaming without any content
you are illiterate
the amount of evidence for genes influencing everything is so overwhelming that you can only make this claim because you have never read anything on the topic? want a specific gene for intelligence? we identified like 20000 already? how about some indirect evidence? we have infinite amounts of those as well:
here, IQ of twins reared apart or together is next to identical. almost as if their enviormental differences mattered little in comparison to their shared genetic baseline. why am i prodiving the evidence when you are making a batshit insane claim (genetic dont matter for human traits)?
20000 genes for why incels are too unintelligent to have sex
can't name a single one that they all have
you have no argument. the 
genetics
crowd has always been coping.
Having bad genes is not related to ethics or justice.... it's not 'getting what you deserve'
The OP pic specifically says that you get what you deserve if you are genetic shit. That high school kid has no understanding of expression factors or how cause and effect work, he is just falling for a just world fallacy based on your DNA.
The way you have posted about "genetics" suggests that you have no clue wtf you are talking about.
a single gene that is relevant
Were you dropped on your head as a child? Do you even know what genes are or how we are referring to them? Jesus christ.
you are so fking retarded its unreal, as if me googling the name for one of the 20k and posting it is gonna make any difference, youre such a fking waste of space its unreal 
here: the GNL3 gene
did that help you? im sure it did.
or here, how about you read this paper :
https://www.nature.com/articles/ng.3869.epdf
im sure you brainlet ass is gonna know how to get it for free, surely
Do you even know what genes are
Yes. That is specifically why it's so funny when lazy people talk about them and can never even name one. I literally just called it out. Post some more absolutely meaningless cherry picked and non reproducible "evidence" you dumbass.
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0191886922001477
I had to self improve to get girls. I was already attractive though so all I had to do was learn basic social skills.
the OP is obviously sadistically cruel and indiffrened to the struggle of the genetically disadvantaged but the pic still spreads because even those people prefer hearing somebody honestly put into words what they deep down know to be true from experience (the common perspective underplays how much genetics matter) instead of just being sold never ending dishonest cope
are you a bot? your link doesnt support your position you imbecile? do you have braind damage?
also i already posted a gene. neck yourself
Are you a sperg or something of that calibre?
proves my point
Keep going. Maybe you'll realize how intelligence develops. One clue might be that you understand english. Did you have the "english speaking" gene?
ok, you are retarded. honestly no hope of reaching you. better chance getting my dog to follow along. good day you godforsaken brainlet
doesn't support
Oh, so you agree that identical twins with identical genetics can easily have completely different intelligence levels? Ok.
THEY DONT YOU CANT EVEN READ YOUR OWN STUDY WHY AM I ANSWERING TO A BOT OR HUMAN EQUIVALENT JESUS
If you had the ability to "follow along" you wouldn't be single. Get a little fresh air, kiddo.
THEY DONT
The study literally said they do. Unless you think 16 IQ points is nothing. You are unintelligent sorry.
that plant is deformed. it has bad genes! 
that's saying it what it deserved and is a just world fallacy
Ok genius.
That's totally the same as how normalfags believe losers got what they deserve in life, for not respecting women enough or something
Plants don't feel emotion, nor do they sign the social contract. Analogies are intellectually dishonest.
1. The way the OP pic is written is to say that there is a permanent, negative consequence to having "bad" genes, and you have no chance of having a positive outcome in life. It's called a just world fallacy.
2. The evidence the OP pic uses is that some people didn't kiss a girl by 23 via "sociateial flow". It has nothing to do with genetics, nor deformities, nor logic. It's just a just world fallacy and shitty hindsight bias.
You have no idea what you're talking about but want to repeat yourself. The fallacy is equivalent to the idea of 'karma' or 'everything happens for a good reason'. The premise of being 'genetic shit' is not related to justice at all so it can't be related to this. However if you believe that le inkwells need to respect women and shower then you are the one thinking about karma and ethics.
everything happens for a good reason
good genetics are rewarded
bad genetics are punished
Just world fallacy. You don't need to shower to have "karma" but I have met lonely people who smell like shit.
FUCK YEAH BABY LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I was already attractive
Lol lmao go fuck yourself
bad genetics are punished
Just world fallacy
Again genes have nothing to do with justice. In addition, if anything, genetic determinism can be described as a cruel world.
Are you retarded? Just world fallacy morons simply replaced the idea that you were born an evil person, with the idea that you were born with evil/shitty genetics. OP simply goes on to say that "what you do" with this just world fallacy is to give up all hope. Nobody on earth has ever believed in determinism.
Because it immediately dismantles the normalfag worldview and exposes the stupid shit they say, It has always been a very specific chain of events
Born with shit genetics
Get treated like shit because of your genetics
Your personality becomes shitty due to how you're constantly treated
End up a failure
It's the same reason that most people think all ugly people have bad personalities while attractive people have good personalities, it's mostly true because attractive people are actually raised and socialized properly while ugly people are pushed out and mocked relentlessly in their formative years.
This. Ugly people are extremely rare and everyone treats them badly. That's why nobody understands how incels can even exist for the most part. Ugly people are less than 0.1% of the population.
That r*dditor snark
Cool, rope as soon as is convenient for you.
Ugly people will always be pushed out and mocked relentlessly, because they are extremely rare. It's not normal.
It points out the basic fact that the overwhelming majority of people in life to do not appear to put in any effort in obtaining basic stuff like relationships. It also dabs on self improovers that think people have far more agency than they actually do
To be honest, men simply don't care about relationships, that's why they never seem to put any effort in. Love is not important to them like it is for women. You're more likely to see a guy put effort into a video game or reddit thread.
Nah, men are the ONLY romantics. Women don't love just lust for tall handsome men. Men do video games and other activities because most men have realized that because of their genetics of height and facial handsomeness that they are unlovable to all women.
men play video games because of genetics
Most men didnt have video games in evolutionary times. Women put a lot more effort into relationships because they just care much more about love. They dont need some pseudo explanation for why they never try to date, because they actually want romance unlike men. The video game genetics excuse is mostly a way to get out of being shamed, like turbo sluts who claim they were coerced and abused into having casual sex
All the blackpill shit is a coping strategy.
The vast majority of people could get a girlfriend with a mindset shift. It's easier to just pretend that you're fundamentally flawed and no matter what you do, you're fucked though.
Shit like this is attractive to people who are not doing well because it absolves them of all responsibility. There's no hope, but at least there's no work to be done.
Even if it were true, that being a highschool athlete, asking a woman out, going through all the heartbreak and drama that everyone in relationships go through were easy and effortless for normies, it would have no bearing on the fact that you don't have those things.
Maybe some people had to work less to get what they wanted, but that doesn't change the fact that you have to. It's not fair, but who said life was fair?
Either you do the work, shift your mindset, and pursue what you want, or you adopt the comforting mindset that you're unfixable and continue to wallow in misery.
Either you do the work, shift your mindset, and pursue what you want
And what if you never get what you want despite working? You just pursue it your whole life?
Because it's an incel board.
Nta but yeah. Whoever brainwashed you to value guaranteed failure above the uncertainty and beauty of life most likely never gave up themselves.
 all I had to do was learn basic social skills
how do?
how long?
what resources?
stunted people remain obsessed with high school because it's where they feel like their life went wrong. 
the truth is, high school is just the first time they realized they were different. they were always losers, but at younger ages, they were happily clueless. it's when other people start to have relationships in high school that they notice the different. 
people who accept that they are different usually end up meeting a gf in college or later as they meet more women of different backgrounds than the standard beckies of their high school - but people who refuse to accept this difference become obsessed with "what went wrong" instead of just living their lives. these people become truecels, and post things like OP.
even if it were true...
It is true, inescapably true that normies have it easy when it comes to starting a relationship. The general health of said relationship and all the troubles that come with them don't really mean much to people who haven't even begun.
I think one think that people tend to forget when discussing the blackpill is that they'll place convenient labels on people that box them into absurdly stupid positions. 
Nobody, or at least virtually nobody, is a hardcore blackpiller. People generally go through cycles of trying, giving up, trying again, and giving up again. From doomer to bloomer to doomer to bloomer, they'll sit in misery only to hate their stagnation more so they'll go out and get burned. They'll repeat the process until they adapt well enough to be normal or hollow out completely.
Robots, being socially stunted men for the most part, have lost out on a significant amount of experiences that build them up as people. This isn't too say that they shouldn't try, but it would be wrong to hold the same expectations as normies and robots ought to stop comparing themselves to functioning people since that'll only make you want to give up and die. Accept that we're kinda fucked up and work with the cards you were dealt with to make the most out of this hell. Good luck
work hard, make it look easy over time
suddenly called normie 
get lucky
suddenly called normie 
prioritize other things, suddenly called non normie when you are less experienced
Hindsight bias is so cringe honestly
That's the normalfag strategy, they espouse this idea of the ever elusive "enough". There's supposedly some end point where if you put in "enough" effort you will eventually be rewarded, they claim that while what constitutes"enough" effort is different for every person, it exists. And the reason they say shit like this is not because they believe it, because it's obviously bullshit, but rather they peddle it as a distraction. They hope that you'll keep trying and trying and trying in the hopes of reaching that mythical "enough" until one day you've wasted your entire life trying and now you're too old to do anything about the fact that they lied to you through their fucking teeth with a smile on their stupid smug fucking face.
Robots, being socially stunted men for the most part, have lost out on a significant amount of experiences that build them up as people
from what i've seen, the current core generation of robots (18-24 yr old zoomers) has significantly greater difficulties in this regard that previous generations. when i was in school, even the loseriest losers had friends that they would hang out and play video games or go get burgers with. often this would lead to a group of nerdy males hanging out with one or two nerdy girls, but even if not, there was still socialization and interpersonal conversation happening.
zoombots seem by and large to lack even this degree of socialization. i've heard many say that they have some friends at school but they only talk online, and irl, they basically pretend like they don't know each other. it seems that zoomer losers avoid other losers in the hope they'll pass for a non-loser, but as a result, they end up utterly friendless. they don't have anyone to text, they don't have anyone to get lunch with, they don't have anyone to hang out with after school. 
zoombots also have had far less socialization even with their own family as their parents and siblings spend more time on smartphones and other screens. they have less interaction with strangers as well because they spend more time inside, and face-to-face stranger interactions at stores and tendie vendors have been drastically reduced in favor of self-checkouts and touchscreen order kiosks. 
it used to be that nerds &amp; losers would tend to be more concentrated at certain colleges, whether it's for STEM or just by being more likely to go to an "uncool" state school. this meant that broader social circles would form among nerds, with more women included, which is how lots of nerd-nerd college relationships would happen. but due to their mutual inability or unwillingness to socialize with fellow loser/nerd males, and b/c fewer males are going to college, zoombots are missing this.
If I do "enough" bad things to my wife, she will most likely leave me. Your "logic" is retarded and you sound like a naive virgin.
I didn't say nor intend to say that someone who "makes it" was always destined to be one. I only noted that robots have an obvious defiency in social skills which makes intrisically social things like relationships difficult. I apologize if I didn't convey my thoughts in an intelligable manner.
Being at the start of this gen (24 yr old). I can say that biggest issues were overbearing parents, high neuroticism (you will always feel negative emotions strongly), and not having the right niche. I don't think robots really fit the STEM field stereotype since I don't think we're the smart studious dillegent type which of course is my own projection. Due to the fear of never being good enough, we could never properly merge into more socially accepted stereotpyes such as nerds, jocks, etc. Im not doing a good job at explaining it so I'll think about it some more and talk
Retarded non-sequitur that doesn't apply to anything I said
Cool, rope ASAP.
lots of people here have fucked up lives
some blame the society for how they turned out
other blame their genes 
these kinds of threads rally both as they will fight over which one is true
it's "bullshit" that actions have consequences
the people who tried and succeeded are definitely lying!
lol
I'm not trying to mock you, but do you seriously have no friends?
Because these threads are more fun that that troon and "fembots" shit.
I'd be curious if any of those people are willing to admit that women have the same problems or if they suddenly believe that women have options and that culture is a bigger influence than "genes" or "society"
If I reduce your argument and strawman then you sound stupid!
HA I WIN!!!!
I didn't say "reply with seethe", I said kill yourself. But so far you're 2 for 2 on illiteracy.
but do you seriously have no friends?
illiteracy
1 for 1 for not understanding what this word means, lazy retard. are you STILL single? lol
Why even care either way? These sorts of threads are bring in many doomposters that just want to think they can't make it so it's ok to just throw their lives away while another set say you have complete control and it's on you. 
It doesn't change whatever your life is. If you wish to make a better life do so but you have to carry the weight of what came before. It is on no other person but yourself.
"Robots" doesnt mean anything. You cant explain the term. I always had one good friend starting from first grade. I later made most of my other friends because of connections through knowing him. We both never cared about normie things, just played video games and talked about them. Obviously this expanded into other topics as we got older but what made us friends was interest in video games and not caring intensely about normie ladder game. Without him I would have been completely friendless. Its just simple luck. Throughout my school life I probably talked to about 50 people in total. I was lucky with one.
Weve both been coming to 4chan since 2008. He has a girlfriend, Im currently incel though not a KHV. Am I a robot? No, because the word doesnt mean anything. He agrees with blackpill because its objective reality
I may not know how to read but if I say you're stupid then I win!
N-N-NO U!!!!!
I hope you're baiting for your own sake, because if not then may god have mercy on your soul.
Doomposters have no ability to self reflect, that's obvious. It would just be entertaining to see if they use mental gymnastics when it comes to what women might experience. There are a lot of popular threads on this board about how women choose to be sluts or choose to reject incels and how they could have done things differently, which would debunk the OP.
I hope you're baiting for your own sake, because if not then may god have mercy on your soul.
Are you the guy who didn't know what the word "illiteracy" means and then posted some irrelevant strawman fallacy?
I'm going to repeat myself in lieu of any point
Again; rope ASAP.
The point seems to be that you never tried hard enough in anything that matters, but you'll try your very hardest to come up with excuses.
Baseless assumptions about my personal life
Your posts read like a chatbot that was fed exclusively on 4chan arguments. My point was about the just world fallacy that normalfaggots thrive on, the idea that effort = success so therefore anyone who fails 100% deserves it for not trying "enough" without ever stopping to identify what "enough" actually is. You felt called out by that because you're the exact type of retard to peddle that shit, so you replied with a non-sequitur and seethe.
effort = success
nope. 
no effort = failure
yep.
are you STILL single? lol
He doesn't actually have a problem with the point I made
What is the point of the discussion if you don't disagree with the basis of my original post? I specifically take issue with retards who think that effort equates to success and peddle the idea that everyone has a threshold for success so long as they put in enough effort.
There's no discussion. I was simply pointing out that even you don't believe in your retarded logic or strawman attempt. Nobody can define a specific amount of "enough" poison to kill a man, but you're not going to argue that it doesn't exist for everyone. All you're "trying" to argue is that in the positive, productive direction, it's not worth it for some people to keep pursuing success. And that's only true for people who have already found a comfortable lifestyle. Lonely, "depressed" retards would and should do well to keep pursuing a better life and better relationships, because THATS how genetics work, not this stupid high school 1-dimensional character trope shit.
There are a lot of popular threads on this board that just want (You)s no matter the cost. The moment you treat any post here as a person, they win.
I'm not saying don't try, that's something you inserted completely baselessly so as to have a point of contention with my post you made up a strawman and then got mad at it. Self improvement for the sake of YOURSELF is fine, but telling people to self improve so they can get the normie experience as depicted in the OP image is wholly disingenuous and outright malicious. For some people "enough" is literally unattainable due to a combination of factors from genetics to your location to outright luck. People self improve, still feel like absolute shit, and then you smack them in the face with
WELL U DIDN'T DO ENOUGH!
so they self improve more and the cycle continues until they die. Insulting me doesn't make your post sound less retarded, but I know sperging out probably makes your dick twitch so go ham, bro.
Because it's true, and you can learn from it. When the post says genetic shit, they don't explicitly say what. Everyone will chime in and say it's height, or that it's looks, or whatever else the propagandists say.
The actual genetic trait creates losers is susceptibility to negative propaganda and demoralization. The only way to be a loser forever is if you're drawn to mind poison like a month to the flame.
This is why no amount of self-help can fix you, and why nobody else seems to need it. You can't expect any success in the open world if you're always having to consult a guidebook written by someone else. You have to make your own experiences and learn your own lessons.
this, bitches didnt just fall into my lap
cap to the highest degree, i didnt start getting attention and making my gf cum hard until i stopped being an obese fatass and got jacked
verification not required
They are written by stupid men and average women who think everything comes easy, the cunts cannot fathom self improvement as they think that as they always 'were' therefore why change.
Women do this, they are called finish liners, they hang out at the finish line and fuck winners. They don't know shit about works or anything.
They don't realise that people can and do improve, their knowledge of biochemistry is fucking non existent, you can literally change a persons character by lifting heavy fucking weights over the years, tesoterone, etc...hell, i could uitterly ruin a woman given the right pharma chems.
Ignore them, there are too many storys of men improving. The key is to ignore the woman, she doesn't how to lift up, rare are the ones do. They don't know what makes a man a man, therefore are unqualified to comment. I had one stupid bitch talk about the military and say 'why would the military want you' they change people.
Hell, i'm in an alright state at the moment, but even i could use improvement.
Ignore cunts, lift heavy, laugh at nasty spirits and demons and women (and if you can tell the difference betweent he last two...) 
Ignore them. Lift heavy. Eat healthy. Remember, women don't know how to make men, they only know how to open their legs to them. Anyone could be turned into a champ EASY. Socialisation with men, lifting heavy, that's it..when you isolate you are not doing yourself any favours. The military literally changes men, so it can be done.
RIGHT one third balsamic vinegar, one 3rd honey and one 3rd olive oil
Just use the balsamic vinegar on its own as dressing, it's healthier.
STFU foid, go and wash the stinky hole between your worthless legs.
just shower bro!
Normie tier advice
I dont think you know what genetics are. Youre just not smart enough.
natural selection is just world fallacy
Youre mentally handicapped. Did you go to a special school?
Schizo cope. Makes no sense whatsoever. Genetics has nothing to do with trannies.
I'm certain they aren't made by tourists or trannies, but fellow robots who just want to make company with other losers
You have a mental illness
The irony is hitting you in the face and you're too stupid to realize it. Read your own post again and make sure you don't delete it, lol
Autists have no theory of mind and think chad and stacy just became football players/cheerleaders because they did not personally see all the training that went into it
Did you have the 23 year old gravitator gene? no? I know a lot about genetics so I can tell you that improvement doesn't work.
biology isnt real
A mentally ill tranny wrote these posts
The funniest part is what happens when you show them an example of an athlete that was rejected from the team or fat in the past. Autists literally lose their mind when they see reality.
You have severe schizophrenia
Biology has already proven that genetics are probabilistic, not deterministic. The just world fallacy clowns are just coping with the fact that success requires hard work.
denies the existence of natural selection and genes
Take your meds.
Tell that to the OP, not me.
denies the existence of how genes work
also mentions medicine
ironic.
it was real in my mind
Do you clap your hands when you get excited?
Do you clap your hands when you get excited?
Do you think Chad clapped his hands to get excited? Blackpilled again.
Sorry, I had shit to take care of. No, I really don't have friends, not even online. I always felt either awkward, intimidated, or bored by others. I may lack mirror neurons or whatever it is that makes the basic building blocks of life so easy and accessible to everyone else. I'll just blame myself for this outcome and we'll call it a day, right? 
odd since everyone in my family is a massive tryhard. I'd say a key factor would be how quickly someone feels overwhelmed. The easier it is the quicker they'll want to throw in the towel.
incoherent retort that doesnt follow the conversation
Meds.
saying meds in a thread claiming improvement doesn't exist
you failed the meme test.
I think this is why the incels on this website keep posting blackpill shit. They want to be definitively proven wrong.
Due to the fear of never being good enough, we could never properly merge into more socially accepted stereotpyes such as nerds, jocks, etc. Im not doing a good job at explaining it so I'll think about it some more and talk
no, i think that's pretty much it. current gen z robots are too afraid of social judgment to let themselves just be "nerds" or any specific thing, and thus they have nothing to identify with, no social circle, and often not a single friend. 
i don't even know why you would mention "jocks" as that requires playing sports and making a sports time. being a "nerd" only requires playing video games and being willing to be friends with nerds. 
i suspect a lot of robots hold themselves aloof from the "nerds" at their school, thinking they're "better" than those "cringe" nerds with their graphic tees and anime pins - only to see those nerds laughing and having fun and some even getting girlfriends. 
i'm not saying it's entirely pride, either, as I think some may genuinely be afraid of being "judged" for not being a "true nerd" or for not knowing enough about video games, but that's not something that actually happens much, and if it does, who cares if they judge you, they're just fucking nerds. 
although, as far as "jock" goes, i knew a few wimpy, losery guys who got made to join the cross country track team by their dads as a way to have something that looked good on college applications. it seemed to work pretty well and they actually ended up friends/acquaintances with quite a few normies from it. i mean, cross country is just running, you can't "whiff" or look retarded like in other sports, and everyone gets better just by doing it more. so if any robots reading this are still in highschool that's a solid option.
i didnt start getting attention and making my gf cum hard until i stopped being an obese fatass and got jacked
the difference in the way women look at you after even a few months of basic workout on literally just your biceps alone...it's shocking. i was starting from skinnyfat rather than hambeast so even small gains showed quickly, but still, it was wild. it's night and day. suddenly, girls make eye contact with you. it's as simple as that.
Can you incels PLEASE shut the fuck up and breed already? We need ugly autists to exist so the rest of us look good. If everyone is beautiful, then no one is. Please just find an ugly girl and marry her and pop out a few uggos.
Please just find an ugly girl
Ugly cunts are still Chad only, but because ugly girls will always be able to find a mate it won't matter if ugly men don't have kids, there will always be a steady supply of fresh faced uglies.
If everyone is beautiful, then no one is
typical normies already feel ugly compared to the constant stream of filtered pictures they scrooll on social media. even chad feels insecure compared to filtered turbochads with 100x his followers. even prom queen stacy feels like shit compared to hotter, richer prom queens from richer places.
It's hard to speak for everyone when I say things about robros since it comes off as projection, but I really think that we have severe problems "becoming" anything which is a quick trip to being a loser. It may be that Im a lazy bastard who cannot even concieve how much time and effort it takes that goes into becoming someone worthy of respect, but it never felt like that growing up. As a kid, I just saw people filing themselves away into slots that literally look like they're built for them. The people who looked like nerds were nerds, jocks-jocks. They just did what felt natural and perhaps that included working hard at what they liked since not doing that made them feel bad.
This is a another departure from conjecture to my own issues, but I never felt like I ever existed at all. I have trouble recalling details for even things I supposedly enjoy. and I'll have issues with even the most simple of logical sequences
Its as if this all was some dream. I think robots are, in a sense, stuck in some bizzare dream that they cannot escape from since there appears to be no way to remedy this. I blame the internet, it fucking stole my soul
scroll on social media
When boomers say social media disgusts them, this is why. Existing has been boiled down to a world wide popularity contest, like the planet is just one big high school.
Spergs, spazzes, geeks, and dweebs that lived prior to social media knew the OP image was true decades before it was made, but they didn't care. We had shit to do. We had a life to live. We had interests beyond the endless phone scroll to keep our spirits up. Who do think kept comic book/gaming stores in business? Attractive people that had sex? How do you think anime ever got imported to the west at all? Why do you think fursuits and dragon dildos are a multi-million dollar business?
If your life revolves around social media I have nothing but pity for you.
he thinks the ugliest guys on earth are "Chad"
lol bet.
Retarded non-sequitur
This entire board is nigh usable. I didn't say anything about Chads, just that ugly cunts are Chad only. Please shut the fuck up.
ugly couples mean that all ugly men are Chad
based retard. go away.
spend countless hours scouring the internet for once piece of advice that will actually help
never find it
Doubling down on his retarded non-sequitur
"R-Retard!"
This is what your get for your ESL-tier 'chad only' forced meme. Anon is clearly misunderstanding you, thinking you made a typo, but he wouldn't be the first.
I think anon meant that some people's efforts won't amount to anything, just because they got unlucky with this whole human existence crap. That's just how it goes.
There's no misunderstanding. The retard thinks that every ugly guy in a relationship is suddenly a "chad" because his girlfriend is "chad-only". It's all so tiresome.
You should change your manner of typing around to better appeal to and make it easier for newfags
No, lurk moar.
Humans have existed for over 200,000 years with the wisdom that the "natural flow of life" is the exact opposite of what is healthy or productive. It always takes effort to survive, to grow, and to develop relationships. Our "natural flow of life" is to be lazy, impulsive, myopic, and self destructive. The only time you can use the "natural flow of life" as an argument is if you are transitioning from a man into a woman, because gender is not sex and weak men are naturally just women. Thank the genius who wrote the high school meme in the OP for debunking 200,000 years of human knowledge. Based.
I can agree with that. Effort doesn't get results, work does. If your brain is wired in such a way that effortless things like taking a shower require will power, then yeah you will have a bad time.
You'll share some traits with your parents, but not all. Sometimes you'll get really fucked up rolls and be born a sociopath. Your parents also might not be your parents. Whose to say for sure.
Could be, I'm in no place to say. It'd be nice to point a finger at the internet since many zoomers are emotionally dead inside and constant stimulus does mess people up, but then everyone would be like me and that certainly isn't the case.
Its how smart you work not how hard. People seem to have innate understanding of what their strengths are at a very young age. An understanding that I and perhaps other robots missed out on. People here love to push the tough guy, Guts mentality how everyone in this world is a struggler and they're all pushing boulders up hill when thats really not it at all. They work hard because its satisfuing which is why>>73005832
this fag's retarded. We're narrative driven people at the end of the day. We require some obstacles to overcome or else things get messed up. The idea that we'd all want to laze around on a beach all day drinking is so stupid that i think he's either underaged or baiting
I will leave this up as an example of disorganized thinking. Notice, if you will, how I'll never finish a thought and connect the ideas in a bizzare incohrent manner. It made sense in my head and now it looks like a mess when forced outside. This one as well may be missing several basic things that would help, but I only know when its been sent so I can't really do much about it.
Read pic related and then hang yourself when your done.
read a book
According to the OP, reading doesn't do anything to your genetics so it doesn't matter. He debunked over 2 million years of human evolution with a single 4chan post.
Unless you were born with some mobility problems, deaf, blind, extreme poverty, there's no reason you can't pick yourself up after a poor high school experience. 
Like you're actually pathetic and probably deserve all the self-pity despair you feel everyday. Life is about sacrifice, suffering and finding balance, if you can't figure out that much then you deserve to get filtered. You truly haven't suffered outside of your lazy doomer mind.
This obsession with teenage love is probably the lowest form of cope to give up, low pond scum. Just kill yourself at this point if you think it's so bad? Why haven't you? Because you'll make your mother sad or something? That shit doesn't matter when you're dead.
What a retarded stance
believes average person's success comes from determinism
states determinism does not apply to those considered below average, despite the notion of determinism being the agent of observed change for anyone implies it exists for everyone
captcha: fj4nny
i think you're very right, i think a lot of people here now are like that and i think that's very different from what used to be. being called a "robot" was just someone who was online a lot, didnt have many friends and gamed a lot. and felt "different" for not being interested in parties or sports or whatever. but we didn't grow up with the pervasiveness of the internet at young ages so there was still basic socialization with family and caretakers in early life if no one else. now how many people's parents do nothing but scroll phone? how many people's siblings do nothing but scroll phone? how many people's preschool teachers &amp; babysitters do nothing but scroll phone? it's an absolute deprivation of human interaction.
if you are sick with the flu, that's because you are a genetic dead end and you don't need to recover.
If your brain is wired in such a way that effortless things like taking a shower require will power
i think popsci understanding of neurology has done a lot of damage to people. if you have downs syndrome, ok, yeah, your life is gonna be kind of hard, but the average faget is not "permanently wired" to be lazy. habits are malleable. if war broke out and you got drafted into the navy and you got made to work 16 hours a day for beans to eat, there's a 99.9% chance you would just handle it because you had to. 
even more than that, your habits are influenced by your surroundings. if the people around you are lazy and asocial, that's probably how you will turn out. extremely few robots have very social parents.
you want to know why you were always different? think about how many times your parents had other parents over your house, hosted dinner parties, took you with them to others' dinner parties, stuff like that. how social were your parents? how many friends did they have? even if you think of your parents as socially normal, because they interact normally with strangers, are they actually actively social? almost every time i ask this question a bunch of robots realize that their parents are asocial too. 
i'm kind of arguing contrary things here but the point is that habits are formed by your environments and yet can be broken by changing your environment or with willpower - and while its statistically unlikely, just like it's statistically unlikely for a fatty to ever lose weight, that doesn't mean it's muh impossible.
Because people are dumb and normies think that this post is about the self-improoving, itself instead of the core nature of autist. And because of that they get angry and offended, and defend that they fought for what they have, which is valid, but it isn't the point of the post at all.
The nature of the discussion of these types of threads will never be solved because it is something only people that gone through that can understand, just like we think blind people "see" everything black, because we can't understand what "seeing nothing" means.
The only good side is that it's a good filter to differenciate between normies and autistic. 
This is basically the double empathy problem in the form of a thread.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_empathy_problem
this is one of the stupidest things I've ever read. It assumes that there is such a small percentage of the population which is actually that autistic and neeted, when in reality everybody can find a friend going through the same thing. Hell, go to a fucking magic the gathering competition or something and watch how excited the neckbeards are. Maybe you are ugly, awkward, autistic, gay, but you can find people like you.
inb4 "but i live in a small town", ok well you're fucked then, maybe start gaming
coined in 2012 by autistic autism researcher Damian Milton.
sorry i stopped reading after that
Don't immediately throw the baby out with the bath just because you improved your life and still don't really enjoy it.
I know it feels like a kick in the head to do everything society tells you and still find out that you're not happy.
Get in shape, clean yourself up, engage in social activities, realise you don't really like it that much and then continue trying to find out what you want out of life and start working towards it.
you say that like it's easy
You're right, it's not.
It's just... better than both of the aforementioned options.
Were boomers obsessed about any of this shit? No. They were all cocky, mostly happy fuckers with a quick comeback line for every put down. Why? Because they had a functioning society to maneuver in. If you had the money, the lad culture, the sweet spot between monogamy and promiscuity that they had, you wouldn't even know what the word "genes" meant. I would bet the average boomer was entirely unaware that women loved height over everything else. For boomers it was all about status, fame, money, and maybe muscles, and it actually worked for most guys. You aren't supposed to be living like this, the upper classes and genetic elite are not supposed to be roaming amongst us pillaging and hoarding every last girl or thing of any worth.
Because this board is full of butthurt guys pissed they wasted their high school years so they project some movie fantasy on everyone and claim" unless you lived this you didn't live". Shit
Huh, I can relate to all of that and I went to HS in the late 00s. Even the cross country thing. I think where you grow up is pretty important when it comes to the ease of being an open nerd. There really wasn't such a group in my 99% white HS/suburban city. Everyone was molded into some mixture of jock, lad, drug addict/ trailer trash, or artfag. I imagine in a city you would get access to those niches more readily, especially Asian heavy ones.
What I want is to rape your whore of a mother. What! Life's unfair. Get over it.
If only you norm scum realize the actual weight of this shit you're spewing.
This really hit close up home. A provisional life, like Tonegawa said. Depending on how non-stimulating your environment was, I don't blame the average guy for not having a direction like the guys on the extreme ends of the spectrum, when they really were only equipped to work, have a family, and fart around with hobbies like all the men before them.
The post sits comfortably between tryhard and low effort. The language feels natural, not pretentious or overly memey. He doesn't go off into any useless tangents so the overall message stays on focus. The writer sounds genuinely annoyed, tired by an audience seemly too stupid to understand a basic truth which he tells us in a direct manner.
The pic is the cherry on top as its something thats miles away from the typical robots experience which rubs in the "You're fucked" feeling.
Its pretty good emotional gut punch even if it lacks any proper support for the claims he made
Don't forget subcultures, there were so many different scenes back then. Now it's variations of niggershit, sports, and EDM drug user. I actually miss early 2010s hipsters but Ferguson killed that shit dead.
That's "4chan gold".
A dark, cynical, frustrated take on society or reality in general.
Something that's constantly kind of in the air and gets ignored until someone that's particularly intelligent and fed up with life puts it into words.
yeah honestly full disclosure all the friends i've had since 8th grade have been asian, mainly hapa, and there weren't even that many asian people around me. most colleges are very asian too which is part of why going off to college is very important for robots, as well as just meeting a broader spectrum of people than your high school peers. the saddest cases of robothood always seem to be people who never left their hometown. 
they always complain that college is "a scam" or that living in a city is "gross" but if you stay in your boring depressing hometown it's literally a recipe for nothing ever changing and getting fixated on "what went wrong" in high school. i mean, this is how a lot of school shootings happened, like adam lanza and the recent ftm shooter, these people were still living in their hometown right where they grew up and obsessing over how they were wronged by the people there. 
even if you had the worst high school experience ever, it seems less important when you move away, and as you see more of the world, the high school shit just seems so ridiculously petty and meaningless. even if you fucked up high school so bad you can't get into college, or if you're genuinely too dumb (although i find that hard to believe vs a confidence issue) you still have to get out. boomers did this by just hopping on a bus and going, staying at a YMCA or wherever they could until they got a random wagie job and found some roommates. you can still do this, and it's even easier now because you can just start doing gig work in any city of a million ish and up - not gonna make a fortune on it but you can get some money to tide you over until you find a more stable situation. i know it all seems scary and terrifying but staying where you grew up is literally slow death.
I actually miss early 2010s hipsters but Ferguson killed that shit dead
how do you mean? in my view it seems like zoomers just aren't interested in anything that isn't on a phone, which kills hipsterism because what you will naturally find on your phone is inherently mainstream. when finding new music meant going to the barnes &amp; noble cd section and previewing a bunch of random cds, or listening to college radio or another weird station, then people ended up gravitating to wherever their own taste led them. but for zoomers, finding new music isn't even something they care about, because "new music" is always available at a click from spotify, and they're afraid of "picking wrong" if they actually make taste-based choices themselves.
basically zoomers seem obsessed with fitting in and think being different is "cringe", which, combined with a lack of exposure due to cultural homogeneity of app-based entertainment, kills subcultures. really don't see what one blackman protest has to do with any of that. my guess is that you mean "people saw hipsters protesting and thought they were cringe" but that comports entirely with my point that zoomers are terrified of standing out or being noticed for any reason. classic hipsters are just one subculture, anyhow, and zoomers probably wouldn't do the exact same things, but being part of any subculture requires consciously placing yourself outside the mainstream, which even zoombots are acutely averse to doing.
Yeah I don't really want to make it about race or politics but I feel like it immediately became socially tense to have a scene that was filled with Americana, positivity and stylish white people when the media started getting everyone whipped up about black issues that have been there the whole time. Really I wish 2016 was just Jeb v Hillary, I swear I don't give a shit about any of the usual /pol/ greivances but the negativity and anger really drove a lot of stuff online like you pointed out, which sucks for meat space relationships.
Because it's true and normies on this board get so assblasted so they HAVE TO use all sorts of mental gymnastics to debate this, because it makes their lives for granted otherwise.
i think you're right about that to some extent. i was reading a thing the other day about "indie sleaze" which is the name that's post-facto being applied to approximately '05-'15 hipster culture - and what's really funny was, they had a thing where they asked a few zoomer influencer types about what they thought of that aesthetic, and they got all sniffy about it. they were like, "i don't think it's something people remember for long, it was such a white and cis scene so who cares" like lmao, that's exactly why people care *right now*, it was the last time when skinny people who looked good were The Thing instead of fat ugly queerbies. 
they were also basically slantly saying that they were a bunch of racists and homophobes for being so white, and it's like, no, at the time, hipsters were NOT mainstream cool, black rap people were mainstream cool as has been the case for years. most people in that scene were into rap, went to rap shows etc, it's just that they weren't *only* into rap. hipsters just look obviously cool to people now because what we have now is so painfully lame. and as far as homophobic &amp; racist, like lmao, this was the period when obama got elected and gay marriage got legalized, and basically every hipster cheered. you're very right that this era ended hard in 2016, but it wasn't entirely trump's fault - although that did beclown america a good bit - you're forgetting about the whole bernie thing, which fissured hipster society because a lot of them went berniefag and became insufferable. 
but atm, there's definitely a resurgence of interest in that culture, especially from people who are currently 15-20 - particularly in lana del rey. i think it's because the forced fat ugly queer poc thing has gotten a bit too bad. case in point, "ice spice." it's just, you put a picture of 2013 lana del rey next to 2023 ice spice and you're like...damn, what the fuck are people even doing right now?
i think, too, as zoomers age, zoomer culture is flipping over into being cringe and dated reaaaaalllly fast. i think this is for a couple reasons, but mainly that it's extremely youth-obsessed. these days when i visit the spaces hipsters inhabit, like thrift stores and indie live music, there's a lot of 15-20 yr olds which is the very youngest zoomers, borderline gen alpha, plus people who seem my age (28) and up, ie millennials - but there's a distinct absence of core zoomers. thrift shopping is a funny example because it's something core zoomers absolutely hate - "haha gross, wearing other people's old clothes? are you poor or something? why would you do that? it has germs! eww!" - whereas for hipsters, the perspective is reversed - "lmao wearing the same off-the-shelf polyester nike crap as everyone else? cringe, are you braindead or something?" - and obviously, i share the second perspective, but i think it's more important than taste. hipster business means getting out, finding weird shit, and doing weird shit, while zoomers have cringed their way out of doing anything at all but scrolling phone.
Thanks for your effort posts anon but I have to sleep, I hope the zoomers understand they got caught in the sweet spot of new tech (iPhone 4 + 4G data plans) being way too much for normies to handle and not to be so hard on themselves. I think they are entitled to claim as much of that past culture as they want as their own if they appreciate it.
Put a bullet in your brain nigger. If you think the situation is hopless just die already. Most blackpillers are just a bunch of delusional losers who are too lazy to fix their life.
Chads never have to put any effort bro
posts a guy who worked hard to get into college football, trained himself and actively SELF IMPROVES to not be left in the dust by other football chads
Male models also follow rigorous diets, go to the gym, have to improve their looks all the time.
Foids spend hours in the bathroom putting on makeup so they can "self improve" their image
Because it's a truthful and brutal Black Pill that a lot of people agree with. It also attracts the gaslighters who deny reality, so arguments always start.
Most Chads I know do 0 self-improvement and still get more female attention on a bad day than I will get in my entire life. Even when I was hitting the gym, had a routine for my hair and skin, bought nice clothes, all it amounted for was some meaningless compliments (mostly from guys)
Gotta get your healthy fats anon, I'd definitely skip the honey though, it's just bee sugar.
because people get angry at the truth
In reality he worked on a skill that has absolutely no relation with real life, anyone who has been to college has seen what happens when you put all your eggs in one basket. Suddenly going from the star player, Chad of the town, to having to compete against all the other Chads they gathered in College and worse case scenario Gigachad who actually has the freak genetics to make it in pro sports. Women are stupid and place too high of a value on sportsball champs and throw away their own value on a guy who in the long term isn't contributing much to society at all.
The vast majority of people could get a girlfriend with a mindset shift.
When that mindset entails "just date a morbidly obese single mother"? No thanks.
I wasn't blaming you, anon. You just seemed like a smart guy and was odd to me people wouldn't enjoy your company. You don't come across as an asshole at all.
combination of newfag teenagers and zoomers coming here, autistic repetition syndrome, and shitposting
