It's not fair
Make them fear you senpai
It's because you're unattractive.
You're right. But i just can't help it.
I don't think i'm ugly physically. I just think that my personality is so off putting that it makes me disgusting.
either you're:
- actually chill and the people who see you as creepy are retarded and don't see the value in you as you are
- actually not chill and actually undesirable in behaviour or character
either way, keep working on yourself for yourself. though i can relate feeling fear of judgement and shame.
could be worse
That happens sometimes too
I'm not trying to be mean, I'm rooting for you. But every last person I've ever met who says this is some kind of combination of:
-manic about the things their passionate about and otherwise mute about everything else
-comically bad fashion sense, posture, and communication skills
-only talks about weird shit or interjects with bizarre non sequiturs or hot takes and cant read a room
-talks more than they listen
Are you sure you never do anything of these things?
You're right about the first one. But only about the first one.
Yeah I used to do this too. The cure is the be a better listener and be genuinely interested in other people, instead of waiting for your turn to talk about your favorite thing. If you're not genuinely interested in listening to the people you surround yourself with start reassessing your social circle and who you hang out with. 'Be interested' and 'listen more than you talk' are two maxims you should apply to your life every day in general. You can solve literally any problem if you're genuinely interested in it. And being a good listener makes you twice as likeable to everyone.
Okay i guess you're right about bad comm skills and talking about weird shit too. But what am i supposed to do about it? I'm just like that. Some people still like me though. So i guess i'm not a lost cause
I tried changing so many times i lost the count. I don't have the energy for it anymore. It's true that i need a better social circle though. None of the people i know like the same stuff as i do.
See >>72994843 but to be more specific be honest and humble -- but don't always tell the whole truth. Say you like stuff, but don't say what -- makes you mysterious. Be passionate, but don't be expressive of overemote (imagine yourself making basedface talking about what you love). Let and encourage other people talk more than you about what /they're/ passionate about instead. Good way to make friends and acquaintances.
I think this is how I get away with being a weirdo. I genuinely enjoy learning about other people but hate answering questions because I'm a hypocrite.
You should channel that myopathy into not being a spazz the same way you channel other good feelings into getting work done. You're right to feel bad for failing, but that failure should be used motivation to not make the same mistakes again. Still rooting for you anon.
it's because you're UGLY (sub-8.5), that's literally it. If you were handsome you would be seen as intriguing, interesting, quirky, cute, aloof, etc. Literally all that matters in life is looks.
I actually know someone like this who is a total philistine, has nothing interesting to say, is totally shy and withdrawn -- but people have to beg him to come out because he's so good at listening more than he talks. Probably not even on purpose.
this is not the type of post a completely chill guy would make
uh oh someone that knows me caught me posting on /r9k/
Oops. Busted. orignals
This is completely valid, but /r9k/ isn't going to listen (lol) because they NEED to be the center of attention, even if it's negative attention.
hey that's me. so that's what it is huh? well doesn't really matter anymore as a wizard.
Making a thread with sich sentiments suggest you are not actually as chill as you appear. Takes one to know one, I am also "chill." In reality, I am very troubled in mind almost constantly.
Sorry for the bad news, but if you're seen as creepy and weird it's because you're creepy and weird
