either you can conform and try to be a cool kid (playing sports, selling drugs, being "chill") or you can be yourself. If you choose option 1 you will end up with a life you hate but social success comes easier.
Option 2 is a whole notha beast entirely. You have to put in at least 10x the effort to get the same result, but it can eventually be done-though it even takes a decade and a half after highschool to finally have "made it" in terms of social success
I chose 1 and I ended up with a gf and a house and a group of friends I hang out with
In retrospect the key was to just be good at football and then mind your own business.
Normies always respected you if were good at your position on the field you could be the biggest five foot six stinky incel in the galaxy and theyd still give you a heads up in the hallway
I chose option 2 and now I have a gf, a car, play a competitive sport as a hobby, and have a group of friends that I hang out with (formed by that hobby). I'm 23. I rent though. My gf and I are about to move in together too
You don't have a choice, it's all genetic luck. Do you think you're ever going to get into a sports team if you come out weak and frail. Good luck
option two comes with tiers of success: every time you try to go up a tier you risk losing it all.
What you're fighting is caveman logic. _ said _.
Top tier nobody can say anything, cuz they're just speechless
Got it? Bad.
On the other hand if you end up like 6'5" people are going to be begging you to join every sport
you got it, sport.
anon what. is anyone on this website over the age of 16
the only people who think this hard about being "themselves" are underdeveloped faggots who's only perception of self comes from the people around them. just do whatever and understand when and where you can let your true self show. it really isn't that hard to fit into any social situation while still being yourself as long as you have a strong sense of morality and can read a room
The fuck you talking about? I chose option 2 and ended up fine without having to put on ten times the effort. If you honestly thought the peak of social building and life was in high school you're ether retarded or lived in some tiny backwoods hick town and even then you could have still just moved the fuck away to a uni. 
Why people here are so hung up on high school is pathetic
well that's not gonna get you very far
in fact, you've made me mad, so i'm gonna add a weight to the top tier
there dude, watch your plug go through in 30 minutes
People in tier 2 who "made it" are just people in tier 1 but with respect to a different group.
nope. you're so stupid the response to ur comment is in this thread
it's the truth anon. people don't come here unless they wanna hear it
who are you trying to convince yourself?
anyone who disagrees
too bad man, i didn't even pay attention to u
Fucking newfags
4chan oatstates you have to swear on the buks or else you turn into a can, sir
you got a fatty ass head, a bibber tonic shwo n u talkin. u a beety stinkG
das it bug man, lay it on thicc. you like it fake and gay, you like to pretend. You skip to the dope on
argh, nigga just dlv'd. you are the LOWEST TYPE- the LOWEST, you met a girl @ 17
