I wish I was Korean. There, I said it.
Korean Women are THE BEST Women.
My moms friend is Korean. Literal 10/10, plays vidya ect. Only thing is she's against marriage. But she's had a bf for like 10 yrs now
Sage. This is the JBK chinkers posting.
Korean women can be pretty with makeup and surgery. But they have the worst personalities of all Asian women. 
They are extremely materialistic. They cant take responsibility for anything. You know how people say western women are like spoiled whiny children who never take accountability? Korean women are like, on steroids. They are loud. They tend to drink a lot. They can be psychotic and violent. And they talk shit about Korean men while riding the Chad Kim cock carousel. I would pump and dump a Korean girl but never marry one, after my experiences.
get rekt n00b
I love Korea and the Korean people but I'd never want to be Korean myself. They suffer. I'd rather be an outsider that enjoys cool Korean stuff without any of the pressure or responsibility. This applies to Asians in general for me. It's better to visit than live there.
you dont know anything, AND you dont even have a penis.
u a jelly YT womyn
Korea is paradise bro come on. Barely any nigs. High tech and peaceful. Most people are slim. This is like heaven compared to the west.
Not a girl, schizo. I was stationed in Korea for 2 years. Korean girls are crazy. Bet you havent even lived there. Typical burger.
can confirm. I've met and talked to many korean women, I can confirm i've only found one to be pleasant to hang with. Female gooks are pieces of shit, and i'm honestly thankful their race is dying out (south korea has a birthrate crisis, where they broke the world record which they used to already hold)
stationed there
UH HUH. keep making up lies, YT grill
t. YT grill
Yeah, after dealing with them I can see why gook guys want nothing to do with them.
Crazy bpd bitches.
Chinese and Japanese girls are better. Not the westernized ones though. They are god awful libshit whores.
t. rumor mongering YT grill
OPPA will NEVER date you
You never even went to Korea. You have never interacted with real Korean women. You have no idea what you are talking about. Japanese girls are way better, personality wise.
yes i have. i knew you are an obsessed YT grill spreading rumors.
No you havent. You are some fat Korean femcel diaspora who cant even speak Korean.
yes i have. you really are a YT grill spreading rumors.
Korean work environment
no thanks
Cope harder Miss Americanized Korean femcel who cant even speak Korean. Japanese girls mog you.
tfw this YT fembot got so BTFO that she starts talking to me as if I'm a Korean Woman and not a thicc Korean man ive always been.
thicc Korean man
I thought you've been working out at the gym for a while. Why are you still fat?
i was thicc, then i shed 15 lbs swimming, then my GF told me she preferred me when i was thicc, so im getting thicc agane
ask me how to lose 15 lbs in 1 month
You are a fat Korean femcel who cant even speak Korean and who hallucinates white girls on 4chan. 
You never had a gf. You got rejected for BWC.
tfw as a Korean man, my emotional intelligence is on par with YT grills, perhaps even higher
but i get mogged by Korean Women
kek. you stopped giving a eff, those two posts are directly contradictory
ask me how to lose 15 lbs in 1 month
You copied Christian Bale preparing for his role in The Machinist?
I wish I wasn't. Debunked.
Exactly. This is why even yellow fever autists go to Japan, Taiwan, or China, but not to Korea. At least white rosties have outgoing personalities or interesting hobbies. Korean women think that showing gratitude lowers their self-worth, but all they want to talk about is celebrity gossip or the drama they watched yesterday. If a Korean woman says she reads, you have to be especially careful because there is a 90%+ chance that the majority of the books she consumes are feminist gibberish. Asian women's shallowness and white women's shamelessness; that's Korean women. Of course, 0.7 fertility rate is not the fault of only one gender, but every foreigner I know who lives in Korea (3) is of the opinion that Korean women are far more to blame. I don't know what that tripfag and other JBK discord troons want, but the gender war is real.
Korean girls are so fucking hot. It's like combining a japanese girl in an american girls body, they are DEFINATELY more voluptuous than other asians. FUCK YEA
nope!
i went to the steam room + pool two times a week.
long swim sesh plus multiple visits to the steam room, plus cold showers.
do this for a month, bring lots of water.
i only care about nyeongie
I dont really care if im Korean. I don't think there was any significant disadvantages or advantages in my life from it. One good thing is going back every now and then and sight seeing old fortresses there.
quit rumor mongering.
YT grills, why not date ABC Chinese Chads
I wish you'd shut the fuck up. There, I said it.
Huh? I dont think so. Their average breast cup size is AA. 
Some of the fatter ones get bigger tits. But generally the only big titty girls you see in Seoul are ones with implants. And they dont have ass either.
you care about Chinese Chad.
tho i dont think Larry can speak more than two words in Mandarin, lel
Can someone explain why these threads get so many replies? I dont get the sudden obsession with Korea and shilling on this board.
They are extremely materialistic
Asian women in general are especially guilty of this and materialism is also a feminine trait so expect it from all women in some capacity
YT fambots why not just thirst after Chinese Chads??
YT fambots why not thirst after Chinese-Guile Chad???
why thirst after dorky Korean men who only love Korean Women when you can thirst after """Chinese""" Chads??
sight seeing old fortresses there
any recommendations? my best friend is an adopted korean that has never been out there and I've loved to provide him with some direction. he was born in daejeon.
noooooooooo Korea is full.
But Chinese Chads are open.
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tszDczgHqD4
I've loved
wtf I'm not even posting from a phone and am having a stroke and having autocorrect typos anyways
I meant "I'd love to provide"
YT fambots why not date Uttred, son of Uttred, and have your last kiss with him on a cold winter's morning???
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6eqbB7Mi3kg&amp;pp=ygURYWV0aGVsZmxhZWQgZGVhdGg%3D [Embed]
i love my nyeongie so much
he is like a dad who takes care of everyone 
he can be mean sometimes but he is really kind and thoughtful deep down 
i love him so much &lt;3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pyVKxXUgXU [Embed]
he also saved an elderly lady from getting trampled by his fangirls and pulled a stupid photographer guy back before he collided with her 
https://twitter.com/fanatic_got7_/status/1170761356435496960?s=20
he is an angel &lt;3
but he can also be a devil >:)
honey.
that's great, but you need a man who appreciates /you/. and you wont find him if you are chasing this oppa
i luuuuuuuv you nyeongie &lt;3
he doesnt have to appreciate me, i just wanna simp for him and worship him 
he is a god to me &lt;3
You need to go back to twitter and crystal cafe
i would but i got banned for getting into a fight with a black stan and calling her the n word, lul
Korean fortresses are quite the plain sight unless you can understand the design principles. Regardless i recommend Suwon Hwaseong. It is faithfully reconstructed and easy to walk on. (most fortresses are 5km long). There are also decent restaurants insides. Namhansanseong has the damnable prestige of being the last shelter of the King of Joseon and has quite the pretty sight. But it is far off in the rural regions. There's quite a lot to do in seoul non historically you just have to search it up. Even just walking around the tourist areas like the old palace or Hongdae i find fun.
Dajeon
Im afraid i've never had the pleasure of staying there so i can't say much if he wants to go there.
i must learn from nyeongies buddha-like compassion 
i must stop calling black twitter stans n*ggers when they aggravate me 
forgive me jinsus 
one day i hope i will be perfect like you
my thicc korean godlike nyeongie 
i love you so much &lt;3
... based. Ok you can come to Korea. Here is one Stormy voucher.
wow, i am honored lul. 
thx stormy oppa.
Thanks buddy. I don't know when he'll ever manage to make it out there but I'll mention that to him.
tipsy, relaxed, 5 o clock shadow, off duty nyeongie >>>>>>>>>>
sigh
thx nyeongie for my life &lt;3
youre not even korean stormy.....
true. my Korean is so bad.
Stormy is a Korean king.
how? explain how you fucking samefagger (stormy)
He has royal Silla blood.
he is wearing make up. Koreans CAN be very pale but we tan easy. and once we tan we stay biege
koreaboo terms haha
what kdrama is that from stormy
Asian with royal blood
this isn't impressive because their emperors fucked shit tons of women and even the poorest rice farmers are descended from them
anyone has a pic of stormy?
i wanna remake this but with him and an actual korean
hes reaching entj levels of spam and samrfagging
kdrama recs
The Glory
Itaewon Class
Because this is my first life
The Fabulous
Backstreet Rookie
I'm with what i am. I can enjoy Korean stuff, but i'm okay not being Korean. White people shit is what i know and am comfortable with.
Means literally nothing unless you have a clan tomb you can visit.
yea ik. thats just the fancafes editing him to look like a vampire as always. 
i will suck his dick until it becomes the color those fansites want him to be.
mai gosh. he's an alright looking guy, but not nearly to the point of how much you're gushing.
you like his innocence
What the fuck is that lmao
buncha nogs
I'm a Euro male and i've just never been very attracted to Asian women. There's hot Asian women obviously, but overall i'm just not that attracted to them. I like my own women. Non European women just aren't the same.
lmao. tru.
the guy on the left was an indian /r9k/ spammer who hated himself for being ugly and indian, so he larped as a black man
stormy is doing the same but with koreans, so i was wondering if anyone had a pic of him so i can remake the pic with stormy side by side with a real korean
jinyoung poster, are you the same girl who asked for a rating and beauty tips from *real* korean guy?
o hes really not that innocent, despite his clean cut image. he is pretty kinky -_-
srry no that wasnt me
Damn what a sad guy. Even if he succeds what then? He is and will be a mayo pigskin outside of r9k forever (or a SEA mutt, idk).
He should get a real hobby or something (not kpop/kdrama)
he is innocent. thats why he makes you so... starved for it
time for bed, goodnight all nice anons
sigh. later, gator
noooo hes not innocent, he even said himself. he is sometimes kind of mean. but he is also very fatherly. he is just perfection and baby daddy material. 
anyway gn &lt;3
ya later skater
nice samefagging dude
was the girl ever even here? or just around the start of this thread?
YWBNK kekek
just saying
I'm Korean. I'll trade you Korean women for white women.
That isn't possible, sadly. While the White women would go for you, the Koreans would never even talk to the Stormy guy, haha.
