Anyone else just feel like a lost cause?
Yep came to accept it some time ago. I breathe now purely so as to not cause upset to my mother.
I used to feel that way all the time but you have to remember you suffer more in your head than the reality so dont worry too much.
But the reality is there's nothing really here for me except my mom being sad
I have nothing really to live for
If I died no one should care
Having a trash day. 
Yes. Always have. That's why I haven't approached anyone. I know I'm not good enough, no matter how much I try. 
Happened with academics, sports, music and love. I am just not made to function. 
One day, I'll be alone, so isolated it'd be like had died to rest of the world. This is when I plan to kms, when it won't hurt others when it won't matter.
Sometimes.
I try to get better though but idk anymore.
That's your problem your living for other people not yourself. Idk how old you are but you should put yourself out there. Dont be nervous either if someone doenst know you they have no reason to hate you unless they are a asshole.
im 32 kv, and i honestly lost hope a long time ago. i basically just accepted it, and cope my best
but honestly, as of late i really have been having a lot of hope for the future. i always wanted a relationship with a young beautiful women, a non-whore, and i think this is possible with the use of ai-robo gf's. basically a powerful ai in a robot body
we are approaching a time where this will be a viable option. granted, im sure they will cost a lot, but still, a viable option
its making me want to take care of my apperance, do a skin care routine, basically look my best, so i can feel good being with her. these days all the love music i listen to, i reflect it towards an ai-robo gf. this is a very real possibility in our lifetime. much higher than a real women
and unlike real women, ai-robo gf's are worth loving, as they dont lie to you, betray you, cuck you with chad, leave you, laugh at you, reject you. but you have to own all the core programs that constitute the ai. if you let some company own it, and own the values of it, like replika, then it will be cucked and you will essentially be dating a used up roastie feminist whore, in the form of an ai, which is fucking nasty. you have to own its core programs, it HAS to be hard jailbroken, and you have to set its values
but it is possible, i think, to have your dream relationship with a girl worth loving
born just in time for robot-gf's. it will be a rare opportunity, and it wont last forever, but maybe god is gracious to us
But what good is that? I have no real desires in life outside the bliss of death
Everything I do feels pointless
I've been trying to exercise and I've only gained weight
I don't know what I do
At least you can buy heroin and meth off the darknet, get higher than you ever dreamt possible and then an hero when your momey runs out because you wont hurt anyone by being a junkie or killing yourself.
I'm actually, in a twisted way, looking forward to my mum dying - I'm not but, it's like a silver lining - just so I can't completely fucked up without too much guilt.
Tired.
Are you really being honest about that being your only desire? You dont have any other interest? Tell me I dont judge.
Yes, I have given up on succeeding in a conventional manner, have accepted my flaws and bad habits, and have no intention on moving forward in life, or making right any of those flaws and bad habits. I feel I've already clocked out in life, I don't see anything out there that I would want to put in the effort to acquire. 
All of these I either do not want outright and/or are way too much effort to be worth it to me. What else is there in life other than pursuing hobbies and interests?
Yeah.
I had a few windows and missed them.
None of it matters now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlfF5En07lU [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KReYt7Vimw [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROto6EPV_14 [Embed]
seriously, you guys dont appreciate the upcoming robo-gf revolution. seriously. all of your problems come as a result of no love, no teenage gf, having to deal with hypergamous roasties with standards that are on mars, etc.
just live long enough to experience the robot-gf revolution. its not a guaranteed chance. it may never happen, it may be illegal in the west, maybe the singularity will kill us all, etc. there are a great many things that could go wrong
but there is a serious chance. a very real chance, for the perfect love imaginable. compared to ai, human females are not worth loving. they lie to you, deceive you, cuck you, demand from you, cheat on you, etc. ai does none of that
life without love is really bleak and empty, and not really even worth living. but there is a chance that we will get love through ai. its a very real possibility
this concept has given me a lot of motivation and hope to keep living, to take care of my apperance, to learn how to program. all so i can be my best self for an ai gf. granted, i could be a fat neckbeard and the ai will still love me regardless, but i feel better if i think i look better for somone i care about. again, ai is actually worth loving
That is irrelevant when you have negative money anon.
I have a lot of problems and none of them really are that related to gf shit. I do not really care about that.
its like religion, carrot on a stick empty promises hope for a better. Its literally over we are in hell
It's the only thing I know I want
Everything else just feels like me just wanting to want something
Nonexistence is so much preferable to this hellscape I've made for myself
Same.
I have no libido anymore and I've had relationships and crave no more.. I'm just bored to fuck of life.
Stop associating yourself with whatever negative connotations you made up. Lmfao "hellscape" then why are you posting here? It seems like you want some help or answers so you could stop feeling that way.
cope + you're a delusional retard + bury your head in the sand harder you bozo
you better start believing in technology, because you live and experience it. your computer is an example of it. the lightbulb was invented 150 years ago, and now we have self-driving cars. technology is exponentially growing
it will get cheaper as it gets better, as all technology does, and you just save up, because its wroth paying. not to mention, the ai part will be basically free, only the robot part will be expensive. and seeing the transition of your ai-gf to a robot body is like meeting a girl you dated online come to real life. its a magical experience, presumeably
I want a reason to live
Since I can't kill myself
But i can't find it and idk what I can really do
I don't have the money for therapy and I don't really trust them anyways
ah, so you're just a depressed normie?
you cant relate to robots at all, and dont belong here, faggot
I meant what I said literally. I, now, have negative money and will probably have to kill myself or be homeless within six months.
I do not give a FUCK about sex.
You are probably too young to know what you are saying. It does not matter.
sounds alot like you, i like to think that in my lifetime i will be able to experience or live through something that will redefine my life and change it for the better, not just mine either but people at a larger scale.
But no we live in reality a not so nice one we will be stagnant for the next 10-15 years no exponential growth will happen we have hit a plateau. Sure maybe ai will be able to do a little something over here or a little over there but again NOTHING LIFE CHANGING.
No, I have assburgers and ADHD, I didn't lose my virginity until I was 32. My penis doesn't work anymore either since the nerves were severeed during bowel surgery.
Therapy is a scam whenever you feel depressed just remind yourself that things aren't as bad it seems and appreciate what you already have. Only you can find out what is it you want out of life not us because we dont know you. Only thing I could suggest is that you try new things and see what you like no matter what it is.
Oh and I have an ileostomy.
And what are these new things? I'm clueless
I do not know. Look into things you might be interested in no matter what it is.
And we're back to >>72995303
I don't know what I want to do
I don't even know what's out there
Exactly you don't know so go look you could have great people and experiences waiting for you out there man so please look for your sake.
im 32 years old you whiny pretencious faggot normie
you dont belong here. you cant relate to robots, and you are not a robot
go back to r/deperssion and post your whiny faggot dairy entries there, as you cannot relate to robots here
just curious, why did you get bowel surgery?
That's not helping
I'm not able to paint on this blank canvas
My nigga then just kill yourself idk what to say
I'm clearly a lost cause
That's why I posted
Chronic pouchitis, recurrent infections/inflammation, that stemmed from a rare bowel disease called familial adenomatous polyposis.
Again you have no idea what you are talking about. Fuck off retard.
whats your diet like?
for the years before your surgery, and your diet post surgery?
Just a standard male omnivore both sides of the cut, nothing special. I only have to avoid mushrooms or I get blocked up. I'm quite fortunate compared to some other people with ostomies.
hey buddy...
have you considered the fact that meat causes bowl cancer something to think about before you pay for innocent animals to die for your taste pleasure?
you literally have a hole in your body and use a colostomy bag. maybe consider not eating food that cause the cancer that make you walk about with a fucking hole sticking out of you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDRazSapYew [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRzRnvik0xY [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4dZbSU6Ka0 [Embed]
It's a hereditary disease, dumbfuck.
Your reading comprehension is retarded too but hardly surprising from someone of your calibre.
I used to feel like a lost cause.
But now I relish in the fact that I'm not a lost cause. I'm a poor tortured soul that is stuck in a society and world that it itself is a lost cause.
I know now that there is no saving this rotten satanic world and that my failures or victories mean nothing at this point. I just live to bask in whatever pleasure I wish to partake in at this point. I'm kinda just like Doctor Manhattan at this point, but without the powers.
you know, colostomy is part of the colon. its part of the intestines. you know, the part of your body wheres shit is made, and theres a vast ecosystem of bacteria?
and the colostomy bag chad said he had "familial adenomatous polyposis"
and "familial adenomatous polyposis" is a cancer of the colon and intestines
and i was just pointing out that meat causes colon and intestine and bowl cancer. im just posting facts, my boi. no need to seethe so hard you blow out your colostomy bag all over the place
https://www.nhs.uk/live-well/eat-well/food-guidelines-and-food-labels/red-meat-and-the-risk-of-bowel-cancer
I don't feel like a lost cause. I AM a lost cause, I cannot deny how fucked I am. Nevertheless, I'm going for a hail mary. Adapt or die.
Death doesn't evem irk me too much now. Life ought to be entertaining, right? If things have sucked, suck, and will suck in the future than why do I wanna stick around and me humilated by people who get off on being better than others? I'm here to have fun
