Fembot why aren't you skinny like Eugenia Cooney?
that requires self-control and restraint
women usually ooga booga over sugary bullshit from starbucks and then wonder why they can't lose weight on their "diet"
Thinking this is in anyway attractive
I find the ED and ANA communities to be the absolute pit of stupidity and truly a product of women. They can't just kill themselves like normal people. No, they have to draw out the process, letting their bodies simply rot until their pussies and anus literally fall out because they're too fucking stupid to keep themselves nurished so their bodies keep ticking. AND THEN they check themselves into a hospital, getting round the clock care, burdening an already hampered system.
Why am I attracted to this abomination of the female form ?
Anorexia is just a manifestation of malignant narcissism. No idea why anorexic (((people))) get so much sympathy. They are disgusting humans.
She's only popular because she's facially pretty
because she demonstrates effort and consistency which is incredibly rare for women despite it being unsettling
id love to explore every inch of her tiny skeleton body. it would be so fascinating.
Anyone could be pretty wearing 12 inches of makeup like she does.
Real talk: Any anorexic bitch that tries to go to the hospital should be laughed out of there and given a coupon for a Mc Donalds meal or something. Seriously fuck them I hope they all die.
How is she still alive? I've been asking this question over the many years I've known about her. The human body is truly impressive at times
I think she has reached Semen Demon statues and is now truly immortal with the power of darkness
McDonalds is nothing. Give them coupons for free shakes, those things can 1k calories easy. Tricks them into thinking they aren't intaking anything high in calories or fat.
I was underweight for most my life, but I decided to try to gain weight a year or so ago. I'm still pretty close to being underweight, but now I get like 200% more attention from men, when before I was mostly ignored by everyone (even ugly men).
