If French Shrek was able to find love 100 years ago in an era where no social media or dating apps existed. What's your excuse chud? I am very smart.
It was a different time back then
Women back then had to be with someone or else their life would be extremely shitty.
well i wonder
He was tall. Women only care about height 95% of the time, the other 5% just want your house and income.
i i need to become a french wrestler...
He was tall, strong, and dominant. If you have these 3 things you might be able to make your ogrish facial features work for you.
Show me a modern equivalent to OP's picture. You can't. Women today are all poisoned. Each and every single one of them.
At least he had a "look". The thing about chuds is that they all look the same and they're all really "meh" tier. The fact that he has some rare disease would also let him off the hook for many women
Hm...
He was big, had a career, was well known and his junk was the size of a bag of potatoes. You don't even have anything he did.
stop trying to make the chud conflation thing happen, you little gelatinous projecting abomination
handsome in a brutish sort of way
they don't that's a huge lie
kinda gay ngl
I imagine this dude fucks his wife like a wild animal
1m73...
There. Ogremaxxing is a strat if you can oggremax.
Maybe platonic friendship between two men was the purest form of love all along.
There's nothing even remotely Shrek about this guy.
The guy in OPs picture never married and that is his friends wife, not his
That was probably considered tall back then. Remember people where shorter back in the day.
You raise a good point. This is what normalfag tourists mean when they try to tell you to bee yourself. Obviously you still need to looksmaxx, careermaxx etc and self-improve, but you should lean into your autism instead of masking and acting like an awkward repressed fuck all the time, it's way creepier than just being a weirdo. At least nerdy cosplay Chad can get nerdpussy at anime conventions; no one likes a sadcunt with no hobbies who just mopes all the time. Even ogre trannies have a better quality of life than the average /pol/chud or self-isolating robot.
being fat is something you do, not something you "happen to be." And muscular? That shit takes dedication. No one "happens" to be muscular you mong
No, he wasn't tall
Why are u retards even discussing OPs pic? The guy never married, no children or known relationships, he was probaly an incel
I want to ogremax and it's taken years to hit 190 but I just feel fat. Not even particularly strong because I still can't strict ohp 1pl8, or even cheat it with the rippletits standing bench press ohp. 3 reps push press is best I've managed. As soon as I get some money I'm going to roid my ass off to try and look like that guy. I guarantee nobody fucks with him and it's directly because of his size. Being skinny is basically a death sentence in today's world. At least with a gymcel build like that people will respect me.
why? what's wrong with that? chud is the prototype of the unattractive male, so it only makes sense to mention him imo
I'm a bald ugly loser. that guy seems cool. I wish I had a pretty petite gf who loved me despite being a monster.
