Why is life so hard?
I cant find a single moment of peace. No friends, no passions , talentless , anxiety riddled , neurotic and depressed.
Same nigger. I know exactly how you feel. But I'm not exactly you. I have talents and I used to have passion for few things. Now I rot, wallowing in my bed for hours before dragging myself like slime into my uniform and working my shitty retail job, then escaping when I get home.
Talents are nothing if not valuable to an employer or enjoyable for you. Passion is great until you are made fun of for daring to be passionate about something. And you are not made fun of by your eccentricities or the interest itself, but of course by your recessed chin, and lack of attractive features. 
I suggest you try get friends now, because at my age, 28, it only gets harder. I'm now at the phase where my normal, attractive friends are having their first kids. You want to make friends with fellow losers like me.
LOL what a pathetic fucking post.
Thanks for the laugh.
I made friends and it didn't do much. I think misery is an inherent part of being alive.
lmao imagine being the retard that made this image
I see this everywhere and don't get what this picture is trying to convey. Everyone grows and matures at different rates and there's nothing wrong with. The hero's journey can always start at any time. If you have the wherewithal to lift and own a house there's no reason you can't work on your socializing too at the same time. I'm assuming someone was just being really sour grapes about it all.
U think normal adjusted people put their every waking existence into being normal u fag
It's not a gloat you faggot. I am ugly, I am inferior to men around me, no matter what I do.
Kys
Life moves in stages. Alpha masculinity redpill copers can't COPE with a beta life. So they wage years of their life away, grind hours at the gym, see their skin sag and lose it's elasticity, and develop presbyopia, all to still be alone, and unfilled like your fate as a beta, an ignorant, arrogant beta in denial.
But now your life is coming to a close. Life moves in stages, and your near the final stage. Fucking geriatric.
Has nothing to do with being your best self.
Have you tried going fishing?
bro log off
You will be here in your twenties, bro. 
Your kind need to log off and get a girl that doesn't want you.
A period like this in your life is important because there will be *one* thing that lifts you from the fog, and that's your purpose. I cannot tell you what your purpose is, but when you find it, it will start out as the one thing that doesn't fucking suck, and then become something that makes you feel better in all kinds of ways, which leads to all kinds of things.
Marry a bitch OP. She'll give you purpose.
