Being a big forehead anon is the WORST. It's literally something everyone will notice, and make fun of. And the worst part is, there is nothing you can do about. If you try to get some bans it will become more apparent. 
I was bullied in kindergarden, elementary, middle school and HS for this shit.
If you're fat, you can lose weight
If you're skinny you can get jacked up
But if you got stuck with a fucking enormous cranium you're fucked
fuck dreamworks too
it's weird but some girls are actually into big foreheads. it's a sign of power or some shit, can't remember where I read it. or if it's real. 
I'll assume it's legit.
I could live with it until I also started going bald. Some of us really don't get to be happy, universe is determined to make us look like as much of a caricature as possible.
My head shape resembles that of an alien. it's the fucking root of my incelism imagine being walled the minute you born.
At least you won't look like an ape when you're bald. Having a small cranium sucks and I hate this chimp tier dome. I don't care if it makes me look less bald, it's just a cope.
I'll look like fucking Megamind, what are you talking about. I just wanted an average cranium, average looks. But the Lord wanted that I looked like a cartoon
Research finasteride, haircafe is a good source, unless you believe it's jew medicine, then I don't know what to tell you.
I know your pain anon. My forehead is like that. I have to hide it with my hair. Fringe for life, whoop whoop. Nah, I crave death. Fuck lookism, fuck humanity.
I think you just need a shower then to get a girlfriend.
in Taoism there is the idea or allegory that if one is extremely good looking, another must be extremely ugly. And along with that are your good and ugly lives.
You can't be serious. Unless you look like a neanderthal, you are kidding.
Having a smaller skull won't help you get laid. If I could, I'd make my skull bigger just because I find it more aesthetically pleasing
Multiple normies have said that I look like a neanderthal but since I'm mixed (considerably africanized) I'd day Homo erectus.
I've never shaved my head but by looking at my relatives it would look like picrel but mayo
I'm black and have had a megamind forehead my whole live. I got dreads and now no one can even tell.
Won't do any good hairline is genetic.
Then perhaps a barber who knows how to work with big foreheads could get you a nice cut to make your forehead look better 
Also have you always had those thin hairs around your hairline?
