So what's the deal with incels posting pictures of Chads of different races trying to bait each other?
You people do realize none of you are getting sex right? No matter how many pics or statistics you post.
Just cause the Black guy has a 8 inch penis doesn't mean you do. Just cause the Asian guy is Mr Kpop pretty boy doesn't mean you are. Just cause the White guy is Chris Hemworth doesn't mean you are. It doesn't equate to you getting laid.
Am i the only one seeing this?
They just do it cause it's fun and they're giddy retards
Trying to understand medposting
All men are gay and worship other attractive men. Especially incels. Thats the answer.
Yeah they're acting as if men from a race are all Chads, nigga you look nothing like Chads of your race
Whereas women just slap on a bunch of makeup and wear a bunch of form fitting clothing designed to hold in your fat flabs. And if it still looks shit, well body positivity right?
Suddenly you have a whole group of people who think they're almost on the same level as actresses and musicians.
Just cause you slap on some synthetic crap doesn't actually make you any better genetically
my chad can beat up your chad, simple as
Actresses and musicians are just people too, idiot. I see normies everyday that are better looking. And all celebrities get surgery and wear structured clothing and undergarments, hell even the men do. Look at elon musk with his hair transplant and man corset.
this boy got btfo
this boy posts this to cope
this boy probably offended himself all on his own
this boy is dreaming (schizo)
People are idiots. They think only celebrities can look good. The point of celebrities is that they're talented in the field of entertainment and are attractive. There are plenty of people who are attractive but talented in other fields that aren't as glamorized as the entertainment field.
I also see attractive people that aren't celebrities all the time, everywhere. Heck, I even see one whenever I brush and look at the mirror.
Why are you asking this? Just ignore them. They're just spammers, simple as. You're retarded for getting offended enough by them to the point of making this post.
You seem to pay attention to them a lot though. Do they hurt you?
They think only celebrities can look good
Honestly theirs not that many attractive people.
If they were everyone wouldn't value them so much.
Its a very few subset group of people who fit the actual ideal beauty standards of today. That's why those IG models get millions of followers.
Like my boy said in the Incredibles. When everyone's Super, noone will be.
I also see attractive people that aren't celebrities all the time
This was said bad. Yeah, it isn't "all the time", but it's not never; it's very rare. I just exaggerated that part.
You have to take into account that there are 7 billion people. There are also barely any celebrities compared to that figure. Finally, a single person can only see so many people in his lifetime, making seeing every possible face/appearance impossible.
So that means that sometimes you see one or two people that aren't celebrities but just as attractive. Meaning that not only celebrities can be top-tier.
Out of this 7 billion people what % of those fit in the optimal range for youthfulness/attractiveness? Its going to be around the 18-29 range.
So that's around 16% of the population(According to US statistics).
About 1.12 billion people on this earth are around that age with rough calculations.
So now lets divide this to genders. 560 Million Men are up for grabs. Out of the 560 Million men.
Studies suggest 80-90% of men are deemed unattractive by Women according to which study you ask.
So lets say 85%. 84 Million men WORLD-WIDE is deemed attractive by today's beauty standard.
I didn't even take account for the fact billions of people living in poverty and third world countries which would drastically pummlet these estimates either. Should honestly be sitting around 20-30 range, but anyways.
Yea, like i said theirs not that many good looking people in the world.
Yea, like i said theirs not that many good looking people in the world.
Which I agreed with.
This line:
I also see attractive people that aren't celebrities all the time.
is not true, because it's exaggerated. I actually shouldn't have, because doing so served no purpose, but I still know it wasn't true.
 It's not all the time, but it's not never
Nice backtracking there. The average celeb is generally better looking than most people.
 You have to take into account that there are far fewer celebs
That's the point, this is a group made up of mostly the more attractive members of various other groups.
Which brings us full circle back to my original point - most women throw on makeup like the shit that's really popular on instagram now and magically think they deserve some 8/10 guy, because their own reflection in the mirror fools them into thinking they're more attractive than they really are.
Nice backtracking there.
You're a fucking idiot. People exaggerate shit all the time, and sometimes in the wrong ways.
Lmao at ugly retards. Haven't ever heard of hyperboles and figure of speech? Do you always take everything literally?
Insanely based post. The real reason though is that anyone with a brain filters it and newfags engage with it and simultaneously create activity and drive away the mentally weak.
It's not really newfags. It's some Australian virgin that has a complex towards Asians for some reason.
Newfags mostly go for the braindead Reddit tier simple posts.
just simply say youre ugly, scrote
women dont care what you think anyways
stupid moid
Just look at how much emphasis he puts on K-Pop and specifically the Australian actor Chris Hemsworth in the OP. That's how you know it's him. It should also be worth mentioning that this post was made right after an Asian hater lost an argument in another thread.
Holy fuck I clearly hit a nerve didn't I?
Nah I'm not ugly, I'm average I'd say. Not great looking, but I don't need to cake my face in enough makeup that I look like Kim k just to feel normal
Seriously that made me laugh, thanks
lmao is that you lautrec
why do asians scare you?
72999027
said like a true virgin
just say you dont get any
youre not getting any more responses from me, but i know youll give me more (You)s
All men are gay
If we were we could get laid and not have to talk to women ever and would be happy instead of posting here.
The real problem is we're stuck with women instead who are impossible.
Haha, nice point. I was just wondering why every post about women here is filled with hate, yet every post about non-incel men weren't.
So let me get this straight:
You claim something I said makes no sense because "actors look like average people"
You then have to backtrack on that
And now you're mad because you'd rather just not admit that I had a point originally?
Cool.
Wash the cake off your face and go about life. I guarantee you wouldn't feel as entitled as you are now. Might even be a positive experience for you.
Why would anyone care about non-incel men? They're not withholding pussy from anyone. If anything they can be helpful sometimes by damaging roasties through pump and dumps, domestic violence, and rapes.
"actors look like average people"
I never said that. I was just saying that there are people that are attractive but aren't celebrities.
Great job being a dumbass who can't comprehend.
What the fuck did you just write, you dog
he couldnt even understand non-literal phrases
dont bother with moids
Also who said anything about make-up? You say shit out of nowhere.
Its to accept the truth. Women want gigantic black cocks and want to be ravaged by jobless, poor, violent, ex-con felons that have 4 baby mommas and beat women. All women want this. Just accept it and move on.
Sure, and all I'm saying is that attractive people tend to be actors at a far higher rate than non attractive ones. And that (some) women think they deserve the same sort of treatment as really attractive people for just caking their faces in synthetic stuff.
I get what you guys were saying. 
My original point, that you replied to, was about makeup.
So, yeah.
And why even come here if you hate "moids" so much?
No. You are seeing it wrong. There is no logic because logic is not supposed to be there. These threads exist purely to start shit.
All that, which I had no problem with, and you typed out multiple paragraphs for me. All because you kept taking everything wrong.
fucking lmao
Sorry, when I was younger I used to get into girls in a more normal way where I'd want to get to know her and form a relationship and have physical and emotional intimacy.
But over time reality makes you give up on that and all that really gets you going instead is seeing or hearing women getting hurt.
Not proud of it, but given the choice now between a girlfriend vs. women in general being subjected to migrant gang rapes and acid attacks and such my heart tells me I want the second option.
I get what you guys were saying
no you dont. now youre the one backtracking
and im here because moids arent gonna stop me from doing anything
