Everyday Korean Thread
Everyday Mayos tries to guess whos behind it
It's 1 Kolean Spamming it Non-stop!
Its a Discord group!
Its a bunch of Trannies doing it!
Its the White trolls who use to spam BBC!
Its a Bot doing it!
Its 2 Discord groups doing it! 
Its 8 people together doing it!
JFL, Mayocels are truly the most delusional schizoid monkeys on planet earth.
Who else reads this every day and laugh?
Me kek
The best part is the childgore spammer that's so desperate to find out their addresses. He actually thinks he's some l33t hacker or something
It's 2 gooks named Six, Stormy and a brother fucker named Lautrec, maybe a paki named ENTJ too and a fat nigger. Five severely mentally ill, very jealous of white people, incest pedos.
Do I win a prize?
Oh yea i forgot to add Stormy.
Alot of you faggots like calling everyone Stormy JFL.
Kek stormy isn't even on that much. He's too busy stealing white women from mayobois
he's still claiming it's this guy
The only person spamming child abuse in your threads is you and it's been that way since you've started your gay op over a year ago.
Dead Dumb Neanderthal Scum.png
when you find a fleshlight.webm
still projecting his pedo behavior and webms on me
why are neanderthal pedos so stupid?
why isn't this guy dead
You posted a child abduction webm on /gif/ with filename of
"when you find a fleshlight.webm"
while pornographically describing the child enjoying the abuse he suffered at the hands of a pedo. No amount of this
"I'm not a pedo! YOU are!"
shtick will ever change that.
Between Korean men, Japanese men, and Black men, white men are losing scores of white women. It's hilarious
those are the principal suspects in my mind there might be a few chronically online mentally ill foidlets as well
Someone did a couple watching walkthrough video of Los Angeles the other day, but it didn't get alot of attention.
Unironically Black and East Asian men atleast in the video had the most White women going by population rates. While White men dated alot of SEAmonkeys.
So you are actually correct.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72978416/#72978416
72991725
he's still projecting his pedo behavior on me after he got exposed as a pedo sadist last thread ----> >>72991404
you can't make up this mental illness
