Well, what hobbies do you have, femanon?
i like cheering on smaller, usually under 1k cover artists and singers.
drawing is okay, so i spend a lot of time thinking of OC stuff. or just studying recently cus im not happy with my skill level.
making playlists, reading manga when i can focus.
i'm a little boring but it gets harder and hard to pass the time.
not a femanon but I like to watch anime
i like cheering on smaller, usually under 1k cover artists and singers.
Why those in particular? 
cus im not happy with my skill level.
Do you work hard in improving yourself?
i'm a little boring but it gets harder and hard to pass the time.
That doesn't boring to be honest. I can imagine filling up my entire day doing those things easily. I don't draw though because I'm shit at it. I'd like to be able to but right now I don't have the ridiculous amount of time to spend just to be good at basic things.
not a femanon but I like to watch anime
Do you just do that all day?
Cosplay and playing various music instruments on impulse
I'm not a femanon but I like to play the banjo, read, watch anime, play games sometimes, been getting into lifting a bit lately, and I recently made some friends that I've been playing basket ball and card games with.
Cosplay and playing various music instruments on impulse
What's impulse? I've never heard of that software. I really want to try cosplay but it seems like it costs a lot of money... I want a set of armour like pic related. What kind of characters do you cosplay as?
So your actual hobbies are
drawing
reading manga, rarely
That's pretty fucking boring and useless, not gonna lie. Why not branch out more? Try something athletic.
cosplay
Do you make your own costumes? Poast some photos.
various music instruments
Neat. I played trumpet for years in different jazz bands but I got sick of it.
playing various music instruments
What instruments do you play? You should make a vocaroos of you playing something
I fucking hate anime fags so much
it makes me happy to see how excited they are, it's like cheering on a smaller persons dream, ya know? all it takes is a small comment praising them and it keeps them singing. that makes me happy in return.
Do you work hard in improving yourself?
honestly, not until recently. i got frustrated at myself for complaining all the time that i wasn't good enough yet didn't actually put any real effort into learning the fundies. so i'm forcing my way through drawabox and seeing the improvement has helped me enjoy art again. i realized it's like a big puzzle you need to solve.
everyone is shit at drawing at first though! i hope if you ever decide to pick up the pencil that you'll enjoy it and try not to be too hard on yourself. that's a slippery slope!
Try something athletic
i've been trying to get into baseball, not playing myself but just watching. maybe if i understand and get passionate about it i can try and play with people someday.
I fucking hate anime fags so much
Very rude but I understand
Oh shit by impulse I meant like impulsively! I don't stick to a practice schedule I just sometimes play when the brain bubble pops up.
I mostly cosplay characters that aren't as well-liked or more unknown anime, simply because I don't make cosplay a fame-chasing living but just a hobby so I pick characters that I personally like and enjoy, regardless of their "status".
I used to make my own when I was a kid, but as an adult I like the time to do so, so I buy, but I always make sure its quality and often have to tweak it after I receive em. Sorry I'm not posting pics on 4chan tho, it's my personal decision, I feel uncomfortable with that
trumpet 
Neat! Thats pretty cool. Winds are not my favs but I do like playing the ocarina.
Violin, Piano, Ocarina, any and all percussions! I'm kinda busy studying for an exam rn and taking a smoll break to scroll 4chan so I can't record a vocaroo rn, but maybe eventually! Would be fun.
I'm kinda busy studying for an exam rn and taking a smoll break to scroll 4chan so I can't record a vocaroo rn, but maybe eventually!
Ah, well if you do end up doing it, you should play something on the ocarina. I'd love to hear it. Best of luck on your exam
eating until i pass out
eating until i pass out
Post belly
I like to bake and read.
I don't think I love anything more in this world than reading, maybe my dog although he can be quite an airhead but all forgiven for the bimbo dog because he never fails to make me smile.
