no tranny can watch this webm without killing themselves.
this is a true fact.
Shit sucks. Gotta be gigachad to have access to the 1% of the 0.3% before they 52%
where'd you get 52
Why, you want an asian bf?
Is that JBK Chad and his gf???
i'm not killing myself i'm jerking off to asian chad
That gf fucks a lot of guys as part of their work.
What a surprise
Please stop, that's racemixing.
Don't let the jews win.
Trans rights are white nationalist rights.
closing your eyes while kissing, what a faggot. bottom detected.
fucking hot though
He can't help it, he's asian. Their eyes are always covered by little slits like that.
Why is Andy always headin out?
Nice form, and speed, not bad chink , not bad at all. Also nice dick and good body for asian dude. Mirin. good job. also nice tits cutie
99.9% of troons will never look like her, be near a guy as attractive as him, or even be in a loving relationship
Is this what other guys are doing with their gfs?
Usually I just get on top and inside and kind of move her body around a bit to masturbate my dick with and then cum in a minute and go to sleep. He seems to be putting more thought into it.
autism sex
yes, they even sex in public!
tfw /tttt/ gfs are afraid of cis men
Day of the rope is getting closer
What are you talking about?
Why are you calling them gfs and why do you think they're afraid of cis men?
all trannies have severe depression and avpd, they're not normal, they don't interact with people
kek
she looks really good. 100% passes, this is the kind of boy pussy I would fuck
auuuuuuggggghhhh it huuuuurtssss
Looks fun , hottttt, both sides
Men should not look that good in panties. What a crazy world.
Ikr fucking great ass and great tits she looks great, world smash . Asian Twunk is hot as well. Kino pairing
Hots hot man, I'm equal opportunity
lol looks more like he was posing for the camera than fucking. you think that awkward erect posture is good technique? you losers think that skinnyfat white boy even passes? hahahahaha
Hooy fuck I came so hard. Sauce
Dude if you were my son snd you brought this tranny to Christmas I would roofie and rape her and then you
I would actually watch more tranny porn if it was loving and romantic like this.
A lot of porn looks like open heart surgery. But this one, with the kissing and fondling and love making, its really nice.
Fuck this workd
If you come to Odessa Texas I will kiss and fondle and suck you lovingly like this
Is Odessa poster still alive? Holy shit.
You have to watch the amateur trannies on Xhamster
Why, are they any good? I like these more soft and erotic type videos than those gaping tranny gangbang videos, they kinda turn my stomach.
Even if he passes as a girl, he still has a dick. No thanks.
The couples chaturbate cams with a guy and a tranny are the best.
Yes dude professional porn is disgusting at this point, even straight stuff
I don't like seeing Asians dominate white people. It's not realistic.
Okay thanks I will look them up tonight
How the fuck do people find this shit hot? Sure the girl's face is somewhat attractive but it's just totally fake """professional""" porn. Her tits are fake, the emotions are fake, the pleasure's fake, the scenario's fake, the interaction's fake. I don't understand how anyone ever finds any of this stuff arousing.
Some random girl taking a nude pic of herself, or some random girl with an OnlyFans taking even a non-nude pic of herself, is 10000x more arousing than this strange facade.
its staged but in a tasteful way. compared to most porn its a masterpiece of film (though sure the bar is really low)
Whats fake about it? The pleasure is real. You cant get your bussy railed without feeling good.
breh... you don't see the floppy penis?
How the fuck are these trannies getting those curves wth?
It was realistic when the Mongols conquered eastern europe. Highly unrealistic with chinks/gooks though.
anyone wanna fuck my ass?
t. passing tranny that has a tomboy body
Space age tranny technology is amazing bro
Pics and I will fly you out to Odessa Texas or fly to you. Whats your policy on condoms??
preferably not Texas im sorry anon im in Washington state.
also only thing I care about is just shave your dick and balls and show a negative STD test.
You r9k trannies always bail at the last moment. All talk no action.
I'm not really a tranny but I wish I could have 10 minute-long mind bending orgasms like some women can
10 minute-long orgasms, not 10-minute orgasms
Our orgasms cant last 10 minutes. We can orgasm multiple times within 10 minutes but not have an orgasm for 10 straight minutes.
Here's what I'd need to date a tranny
Boy smell is the best part of trannies
That's what I meant. Also, fuck you for making me jealous.
I like my own smell but I've never ever smelt another guy and not been repulsed.
