Explain to me how the fuck people prefer pets over children?
No it's white people and KAFFIRS in general. We like cats and rabbits in Islam but we don't value them over human children. White people are mentally ill
The only payoff is that they are cute sometimes and nice to cuddle. 
But I think many animal lovers deep down are huge narcissists. They like animals because you can treat an animal any way you want, even if its abusive, and it has no choice because it depends on you for food and care. Same way narcs love children when they are small, but hate them as they get older and more autonomous.
Get the fuck off of this website, sandnigger. I could give a shit less about your goat fucking culture.
Nearly everyone convicted for bestiality is white. The whitest states and countries are the ones who legalize bestiality.
Don't you have a Swede to rape or a stadium to blow up?
Shoo
I agree with the dogs part. Cats clean themselves and you can get a litter box that scoops itself. If you go on a trip you can just fill the sink with water and pile food in their bowl. It's still work to clean after but compared to dogs it is worth the extra work. I agree they do not compare to the joys of having a new child. If you ever have one you'll have to hear them constantly beg for a cat or dog, get a cat.
Cats are mentally inferior as well, just with more personality variation. Dangle a rope above them or use a laser pointer and they'll show they are just as susceptible to such trivial little games.
based akhi/ukhti
They are actually dumber than dogs. That isn't a bad thing though it makes me feel better keeping them locked inside a house their whole lives. I'd really only get a dog if I had a lot of land and livestock and could keep them around while I worked outside all day.
Yeah because white people are the only ones who actually see it as a crime. Meanwhile sandniggers and other lowlifes fuck their goats and nobody bats an eye.
That's the price you pay for unconditional love
Because they're better than the chimps full of snakes know as women. Also they're kinda hot.
