HELP ME YOU WORTHLESS INCELS! I AM ENTITLED TO MALE PROTECTION!
That just makes me sad, anon. I feel bad for her
no gf no helping out women
Eat shit white bitch thats what you get for liking Tyrone and Jamal and not a black nerd like me hope they made your brain bleed
white women spend years saying that all whites are racist and that no matter what blacks do they won't be able to escape racism because the institutions are racism themselves
omg why are blacks attacking white women? don't they know i supported blm and i'm on their side?
What's the story here, anon? I'm curious
hmm, theres something about that crowd, I can't seem to find the word for it...
a pack of homo erectus attacks a homo sapien
There's no avoiding the consequences of your actions
niggers stomp a white woman and there's no one to help her
coalburner got what came to her for hanging around animals
Retarded leftist was still out on the streets when AYO SHIEETs were burning down cars and smashing windows in Chicago
stacies dream of having a train run on them by black bucks
turns out they just get treated like a pinata, just like the whitebois
NOT LIKE THIS!
Women voted for laws that make it a crime to intervene in this situation, using violence on any of these sacred melenated individuals is a automatic jail sentence + hatecrime.
Who am I kidding, even if it was completely legal to injure niggers in self defence I still wouldn't help a woman because I'm 100% sure she wouldn't do anything to help me in this situation (I speak from experience)
You are a simp and you are the problem. This is the diversity white wammen voted for and rejected you for.
Probably the riots in Chicago. Funny when it creeps out of the ghettoes into whiteoid land. Normies living with the consequences of their actions.
not even mad at niggers anymore, stomp all the hateful white whores you want
too many nigs around to see what's happening and they start attacking too fast
i want to see more of her fear
I came.
Thanks for the webm, OP.
hang around violent animals
suprised when violent animals attack
Women are so fucking retarded
I don't think the guys up here would be the guys she's be asking for help in a situation like this.
here, have some more. I'm feeling generous
I'm not even white but it's so hard for me to not become racist watching this kind of shit. why are blacks like... that?
But it seems like no one wants to step up to help them, it's not just the "guys up here". Why is that?
Wtf is wrong with city slicker white people? Its like only the brown people have survival instincts in cities jesus fucking christ
Most of us are dangerously stupid, blacks only understand brutality if you cant break their bones they wont ever listen to you
What kind of nonwhite are you?
Jeez, that was a long minute
There are no guys up there that's why lol nothing but black guys who for some reason are attacking her lol
So do you think if she was attacked with some white people around, people would risk their lives and well-being for her?
nigger can't even knock out a woman
This is why nigger always attack in packs. They're shit fighters 1v1 against someone their own size.
They're animals. They're not even humans. They're also pumped full of estrogen, which explains their erradict behavior.
And why should I care if some white city bitch gets what she deserves?
Still no but there would probably be a reason to the beatdown instead
If there's a big enough group, not just white people anybody, I'm black and I would have shot all those guys.
same pictures every time. Almost like there's a shortage of attractive white females dating black males.
Hey, I didn't praise their capabilities, just their willingness to attack women. That's good enough
pull gun
shoot into stomach until he drops
pull knife
stab and rip his belly open
If you're not carrying, you're retarded.
life ruined even if you avoid jail
My life? No, my state has stand your ground and no flee laws. I can C&amp;C guns, knives, brass knuckles, and pretty much any weapon I want. I'll stand and mag dump. Keeps everyone honest around you.
I have a feeling that one dude with the pink shirt would maul you.
Until I pull my firearm and drop him dead or rip his stomach open with my knife. Want to die fast or slow?
'MUH BBc' burn the coal, pay the toll race traitor white roastoid LOL !!!
I will never commit suicide while I get to see traitorous, hateful white women being lynched by niggers. Your actions literally sustain me
based blackcel, can't stand violent ape tyrones............
Something tells me you won't do any of that
No one likes or cares about white women. No one.
all coalburners deserve this............
Believe what you want. Good thing my city is already 90% white and I never relax. Keep getting cucked by niggers.
This is literally me.
Well educated half black good looking. Girls stare at me and come up to me. But once they realize I speak normally and not in hood ebonics, I am considered a boring "whiteboi"
I remember a girl in audible distance talking about me saying "I am the most handsome boring man she has ever met".
That hurt. I shouldve been a drug dealer rapist half nigga
Yeah no, I'm not going to 1v20 a bunch of niggers to save one stupid shitlib cunt, she advocated for this, and she chose to put herself in that situation. Hope she likes BBC.
be brainwashed shitlib White bitch
strut around downtown niggerland during the Floyd chimpout because you're a bleeding heart White savior cunt and those poor retarded niggers need (You) to advocate for them!
relax around Blacks
get culturally enriched
Look at those simps flailing their arms, doing no damage. Hoping to get some pussy from her by defending her honor. Meanwhile she probably fucked that dude that hit her.
Blonde blue eyed qts and redheads are for BWC Chad only, the rest are for muttification
This shit baffles me too. Its funny when you act that way when you are not and then unironically pull bitches because of it. It then becomes a question of whether or not you will continue down the Thug pipeline because technically she is enabling it.
Lmao it turns to a Rogue Like kek
I've got a feeling you pulled that 90 percent white statistic out of your ass the same place in your crush that bbc goes making the chucked stuff projection. Lol.
At least you're handsome, nigga.
Could be way worse being mediocre or ugly but having the same personality. Blacks like you and me aren't rare, we are just invisible.
is there more or another angle?
All it took was one black man to make those cowardly whites run, the power!
bbc
You outed yourself cuck. I accept your concesion. Thanks for admiting I'm right. Filtered. Be a good nigger cuck and reply to me when I can't see it.
If you're going to make really stupid life decision (like choosing to not move away from a high black population city), though I feel sympathy for your stupidity, you can't expect me to feel bad.
That really sucks to hear, blackbros. I hope you find some sane qts who want to be with you for your personality and not because they think you're "exciting" feral nigger convicts who will piss off their dads. White women are some of the most racist people alive kek, it's pretty fucked.
I've got a hunch that you are actually a bbc addicted cuck as are all of the men in your family.
Chimpcongo is only 30% black its not even black majority YET a complete hellhole
Girl told me i am handsome
Then why tf are you here you stupid nigger
based urkelcel
girl prob rejected him for acting like a civilized man instead of a violent hood nigger tyrone (therefore didn't fit her fantasy hood tyrone black man stereotype ).........
AAAAHHH SAVE ME WHITEMAN
It's like an elder scrolls game where if you attack an NPC, all other NPC of the same faction immediately turns hostile and aggro on you.
Does anyone know if she survived or not?
what actually is the context of the clip?
not some muh black people bullshit like you faggots normally spout
What is two plus two?
And don't give me any of that "four" bullshit.
And THIS is why I always carry a karambit or switchblade on me, as well as know where the jugular is. Brute strength can't beat speed when you're going to die within seconds.
i'm not interested in falling for your 1984 2-minutes of hate bullshit
i'd rather know the actual context behind the clip
A woman was dragged by her hair &amp; brutally beaten by an angry mob of teenagers in Chicago near her doorway
I'm not interested in any of that "blue" bullshit
I just want to know what color the sky is
what would be the psychological consequences for her from this incident?
further increased contempt for white incels most likely
lmao incels so retarded they're siding with actual subhumans now. nobody does better parodies of themselves than incels
bbc addiction
lmao incels so retarded they're siding with actual subhumans now
Roastie is so brave over the internet.
It's a white woman being lynched on her own doorstop, we won't ever know the entire "story", if there even is one, because nothing about this fits the narrative. 
Nothing to see here, on to the next rage bait anti-white goyslop.
woman
She's probably under 18 at least she better be, I just know if a group of teens beat up a grown woman like this I'd attack all of them. They need to assault their own females not ours.
they are beating the green hat and she's caught in the middle
Based.
Based.
I shouldve been a drug dealer rapist half nigga
It's a trap. White girls wanna fuck an exciting badboy black drug dealer superthug in college then LARP as a tradcon virgin to marry tighty-whitey with a good job and be a Stepford Wife. And black girls will fuck superthug gangsta killas and have his babies till he gets locked up or murdered. Then she'll go to church and say she's a born again virgin looking for a good man.
hating womem so much you start supporting niggers
go outside fag
I'm gonna move to Maine ASAP
Do you have a cool holster for it.
Damn good eye, it does look like someone chokes or throws her back or something though. She just disappears the moment the fighting starts.
Women support "niggers." Why shouldn't I?
In the long run it's useless. Every white-majority area will look like Chicago eventually.
They don't like the cold or working so that'll scare them off
They have cool sheaths but not holster as I live somewhere any type of concealed or unconcealed carry is illegal lmao. Some have a "necklace" type attachement. I even have actual sharp and accurately throwable batarangs that have a side of jeans holster! I dont usually take those ones out tho. Man I love knives
You know damn well that her retarded brain would overwrite events that preceded violence making you the aggressor and the villain.
At this point protecting random woman is ungrateful task.
And if some actual foid is reading this, it's your mothers and grandmothers who eviscerated chivalry.
Don't bitch at me for what they did.
That retard hitting him with jacket always cracks me up.
WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO ACHIEVE?
Don't get get me wrong, there is tactical value of hitting someone with a piece of fabric
BUT
only if you aim for his eyes and immediately follow up with a solid punch or a knife strike.
Hahahaha FUCK YOU STACY lmaooooo
why would us incels ever help you out? you would just turn around and say were not owed anything so you deal with it by yourself whore
Frantically chanting "diversity is our strength"?
Blaming white men even harder?
Who the fuck cares?
If you don't side with m'lady you obviously support her attackers
No retard, just laughing at the situation.
No she would call us racist then work with other roasties to dox where we live and send a leftist mob there
They need to assault their own females not ours.
ours
Um excuse me sweety, have you missed that whole "feminism" thing somehow?
They aren't "our" women anymore, they are strong independent fish that need no bicycle.
Muh support
No retard, I support neither.
I'm just here to laugh.
What's funny is that this roastie will STILL worship the BBC, maybe even more than before
Wow that sucks, not my problem tho
yep that would happen for sure. those minorities were just showcasing their ability you incel racist bigot
This is just part and parcel of living in a diverse and lively city. She should be happy as this is exactly what she votes for. How can she be mad that the urban youth decided to exercise their right to attack her? Maybe next time she shouldn't be so racist.
Literally me
This
On display; The duality of a man.
Kek did anyone think of that one alligator in the hippo crowd video?
