why do moids insist on constantly violating women's personal spaces? we don't need to deal with your delusional sob stories about how you're doomed forever because you cant get sex or whatever
its painfully obvious when a guy is ugly so get that through your heads and just kys 
women really dont need more trauma you guys have so many outlets to cope with like your fucking PCs or whatever
fuck off
FEMOID DETECTED
POST TITS OR GTFO BITCHO
GET THE FUCK OFF MY BOARD!!!
old man be le creep xD
Yes they do that, life moves on. Ofc she just wanted to humblebrag on cuckit that someone likes her and she's really indignant about it. It's like
because 9 times out of 10 the older men usually approach women with the intention of just trying to fuck them or do something sexually abusive 
its fucking pathetic when some ugly balding moid with a beer gut just shamelessly approaches women
Male prime starts in your 40's brooooo
Yeah dude once I turned 40 I started SLAYING prime 20 year old pussy
Here is what will happen if you take retarded TRP advice at face value, he's lucky to keep his job
But my TheRedPill friends said male prime starts at 35 and people will start respecting you. What the fuck you mean I can't get prime 18 year old pussy?
He's entitled to hot young pussy you vile fuck
Women should be allowed to summarily execute moids they deem unattractive at any time.
Look at this SEETHING foid. Who the hell says 40 is a man's prime? Besides that you know damn well it's a fact that only 40 year old Chads and Brads are the ones fucking younger women. Incel and loser men get nothing for their whole lives
violated? he only asked her out for coffee? just politely reject him. if he actually starts being weird, then report him to HR. jesus, why do some women act like this around men sometimes?
Lurk more you fucking retard. This place is infested with redpill delusional retards who think male prime starts at 35 and keeps going in your 40's
But anon, she was asked a question.
How dare anyone ask her a question?
You don't ask questions to nobility, ya filthy peasant.
It's not like she can just say no and keep on living on.
Nonono, she must whinge on heckit for attention and updoots.
It's the only way, you see.
P.S. And then after shit like this women wonder why we stopped approaching them. Look up "chilling effect", ya dumb bint.
You're ugly and you just asked her out, she feels violated tee hee
That's just an old, OLD adage. Much like how "men age like fine wine" is also a longstanding adage.
You think women not being approached as much somehow gives you a win.
This just makes men get less dates and sex and women keep living normally lol.
Even when you think you win as a male you lose. This gender is such a fucking joke.
And this thread shows what will happen in reality. Oh well just more proof this place is garbage and filled with delusional idiots.
when I'm 40 I'll be slaying 18 year old pussy
Yeah, that's not exactly as uncommon as you think. Age fetishism goes both ways.
You're certainly evidence of this.
you have to try with lower status women, not your coworker lmao
Look at this malding TRP idiot.
That's the best your peanut brain could come up with, hilarious. You won't slay shit when you are 40, you will be like the guy in OP's pic assuming you're not a normalfaggot who doesn't belong here.
Logik, you are in your mAlE PrImE so you have to go for low status women duh!
Look at this malding TRP idiot.
Where?
no u
No one said "no u".
That's the best your peanut brain could come up with
No one said "no u".
You probably won't, but a lot of people do better with age (despite your incel beliefs dictating otherwise). It's neither uncommon or a new thing.
Pretty brutally bluepilled Guy If he honestly thinks he has a shot at 45 yrs old
You're certainly evidence of this
That's an example of "no u", you double digit IQ chimp. Damn you're stupid, no wonder you think you'll do better with young women once you turn 40
Source: trust me brooo
We either get sex or we traumatize some delusional narcisistic foid, its literally a win win, why the fuck SHOULDN'T we do it lol
Wow you're just special in the head aren't you? That or a woman.
You could grow up and accept that sometimes those filthy undesirables will ask you out (hint: you can always just say no).
But we both know you won't.
So keep whining about petty shit for attention and learn to enjoy boxed wine and cats. Because this is all you'll get once you're looks rot so much even make up won't be able to salvage your face.
That's an example of "no u"
There's no "no u" in that phrase unless you're counting individual letters.
- https://studyfinds.org/life-really-does-get-better-with-age-study-finds-older-adults-experience-less-daily-stress/
- https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/changepower/202303/does-life-get-more-fun-as-you-age
- https://experiencelife.lifetime.life/article/the-older-the-better/
Despite your incel beliefs, life doesn't really get worse with age.
he posted an ad hominem/tu quoque, not a no u
uses no u as a retort
Least retarded TRP shill everyone
gets called out
Least retarded TRP shill everyone
pretends it didn't happen
Least retarded TRP shill everyone
Amazing, it's like you're not even trying to convince anyone at this point and just trying to convince yourself.
Its her fault for not putting out
wanting to fuck hot young things is not sexual abuse, retard. old men are allowed to be horny and do all the things that horny guys do (flirt, make sexual jokes, touch, etc.). Simple as. Don't like it? Ban casual sex and flirting.
Hilarious cope, I've seen 50 years old women get bombarded with messages from desperate men. Yes a woman in her 50's has more sexual market value than you did in your prime. There's two types of incels: those who admit that women live life on EZ mode from start to finish and the nuclear coper idiots like you who go through mental gymnastics to pretend women have it hard and men have it better past some arbitrary age.
Here's a tip for your double digit IQ intellect: if a woman lives with 10 cats it's because she chose that, she has the power of choice.
You're a pathetic incel because women chose that for you, your life was dictated by someone else.
old men are allowed to be horny
Not in today's feminist society
Or they can just shame old fucks hitting on young women and make them lose their jobs instead. Which they already do.
You seem really upset that reality isn't going your way and you won't fuck any young women once you turn 40.
blah blah blah not reading you type like you were molested by your dad
You just gave up on your flimsy world view lmao.
you twitch and shake from the memory of your dad at night
Nobody is going to ban flirting just cause you can't get laid. They'll just ban your creepy old boomer ass from talking to young women. You lost.
uses no u
Where?
Least retarded TRP shill everyone
The irony.
posts online articles as proof that life gets better
They literally said that life gets better with age (the last two words you deliberately left out).
- https://www.hellomagazine.com/healthandbeauty/health-and-fitness/2017083041992/dating-gets-better-with-age/
- https://relationshipfire.com/does-dating-get-easier-for-guys/
Again, incel, life doesn't get worse with age.
not reading just reminding you that you can't unmolest yourself from dad
And I've seen a 90y old man who can do pushups with one hand.
Proves nothing about majority of said demographic.
Study picrel and then think carefully who actually has double digit IQ.
(Hint: not me)
i am not attracted to women much younger than me, but reading this makes me wish I was never born.
Where?
In your whore mother's gaping vagina
Least retarded TRP shill
Congratulations on being so brain dead you did it again. Does your wrangler get paid extra to let you post on 4chan?
Also hellomagazine and relationshipfire articles fucking lmao
The irony
Congratulations on being so brain dead you did it again. Does your wrangler get paid extra to let you post on 4chan?
Also hellomagazine and relationshipfire articles fucking lmao
"nooo I'm not retarded, you're retarded!"
Congratulations on being so brain dead you did it again. Does your wrangler get paid extra to let you post on 4chan?
Also hellomagazine and relationshipfire articles fucking lmao
Very hot opinion where is proofs?
In your whore mother's gaping vagina
Okay, incel.
"nooo I'm not retarded, you're retarded!"
No one said this.
You were given sources at least twice.
Where?
Oh, just these two: >>72997600 + >>72997768
P.S. And then after shit like this women wonder why we stopped approaching them
to be desu with you anon, I don't really think we did. You can still see tons of 
breads on the socialskills and social anxiety subcuckits.
Substantiate your claims you TRP nigger or everyone will see you as a liar
You said sources, and they were provided.
See above, incel.
Dunno, women are whinging more and more about it, so rates must be dropping.
So you could not provide any evidence to substantiate your hot opinion.
Congrats on admitting that life does not get better with age contrary to your retarded redpiller opinion
So you could not provide any evidence
You're literally talking about posts that did just that.
Okay, incel.
This only proves that you are indeed retarded like I said. Do you have any evidence for that hot opinion of yours now?
cites
You said sources, Anon. Sources aren't dependent on whether or not you say they are.
You're literally talking about posts that provided evidence. Evidence, like sources, aren't dependent on whether or not you say they are.
At this point, women don't deserve personal space. Get fucked whores.
Your mother is a whore. Source: I fucked her last night.
Now substantiate your claims or eat shit.
Your mother is a whore. Source: I fucked her last night.
Good for the both of you.
You're talking about posts that did exactly that, and you're no longer maintaining a coherent argument.
come here to shill your garbage TRP opinion
Shame there's no lack of such.
get called out on your lack of proofs
Shame there's no lack of such.
seethe and mald
Shame there's no lack of such.
lack of proofs
Shame there's no lack of such.
The pot said to the kettle.
Still malding cause I pointed out lifestyle magazine articles are not proof I see.
Where's your proof?
Here *unzips* Now suck on this trp shill
imagine actually believing this. Totally Delusional.
watch out he's got proofs from lifestyle magazines for women !!!
Forgot to mention they laid waste to the fucking gym too.
