Why is it hard to make friends ? I'm looking for a friend with those requirements 
I tried on /trash/, /soc/ but it didn't work how come
Most people on these board are normies with a ton of online friends and the boards are infested by cliques
I have also tried looking for this but with a bit more restrictive requirements (0 other friends) and have been unable to find a single person.
I fit all those requirements actually!! I don't exactly have any friends I connect with, my DM list is painfully short and trying to fit into discord servers is so draining and I've never liked the whole culture..
I wouldn't mind adding you desu
Hard to find desu and they would probably be a weirdo
shit sorry anon
kys normalfag you are a demon.
I am weird too. Kill your family.
I have zero other friends, even irl. Last friend I really talked to was roughly a year ago now. We chatted in dms everyday for like 2 months together and got drunk. I had some important exams for me which I failed all of (probably would have done slightly better) but it was fun because I just talked to him after. He basically had no one else either which allowed it to happen but both of our interests in conversation slowed down and he deleted his account. I look back upon it quite fondly. I've tried adding a dozen people since then but it didn't work.
Couldn't be me, sorry.
R9k is still one of the few boards you'll find real depressed loners on.
cute anime pfp
Aha.
not someone pretending to be a girl 
Aha.
Oho.
Over the years I've given a good handful of you people a shot when you claim this. You don't make much of an effort to keep me around, so I opt to return to friendlessness. Avoidant types are going to display avoidant traits in your initial interactions, that is typically why they are alone.
all is me except anime pfp kek 
drop info and we can be friends :D
giv me ur tag i dont have anime pfp BUT I WANT TO BE FRIENDS!!
op make a server and drop link here. i join too
waterapple12#3865
Don't like doing this during the day, I'll try it later. Don't expect much if you're still interested by then.
im from europe so these hours and maybe before are my prime time unfortunately
Not much point in getting invested to begin with then. Thanks for the opportunity anyway.
so no new server?
servers are shit, just add ppl individually, post your tag i did above
All but one
Ouch
I'm sorry, it's just that I'm afraid of animated depictions of Japanese characters.
