i coom to the male vocaroos thanks for the free content losers
Fapping to voices is a kink I've only encountered in underage girls. Thanks for exposing your age op
If I knew people were jerking off to my voice I'd start charging them money
every girl i know does it just say you dont talk to women anon
watch some fat fuck in this thread make a vocaroo hoping a woman actually shlicks off to it
theres one repeat vocaroo anon that i have a crush on
Who is it?  it's definitely not me but I'm getting my hopes up anyway
Hey if you pay me $100 I can just scream the N word into the microphone over and over again until you bust
I have a relatively deep voice, do you wanna hear me grunt like a cavebeast
Im literally a woman and only did that as a kid, and no adult woman has this kink. Well maybe I'd scratch off truefemcels as possibly having it. Only women who wouldn't care about visual attractiveness would have a faceless voice kink, so I guess only ugly women. Its true I dont hang out with uglies, that might be why
If it's my vocahusband I'll fucking gut you and I want you to know I mean that with all my heart
Gimme gimme gimme please and thank you
I literally e-sexed with a 35 year old normie woman who had two kids. I think you're just stuck up anon
omg is it me? is it really happening is it me?
It's hard to masturbate to just their voices, but hearing some of them makes me kinda hnngggg like it's flustering lolol
You're just proving my point anon. Only ugly women or underage girls have this kink. Any beautiful woman in their right mind would never stoop that low.
She wasn't ugly. Again, you're just really stuck up. Did you get dumped by a deep-voiced chad?
Nah I'm living my best life living with Chad as we are a Chad and Stacy powercouple blessed with godlike genetics. Can't wait to have children, our offsprings will be just as beautiful
youre on 4chan even if you werent larping by you being on here it shows youre not a beautiful girl how would you know what they like
You're posting here, you're going to give your son your fucked up genetics and end up with a robot for a son.
pls
Devilish.
im a bio girl start moaning into the mic pls :>
not OP, but post it, thanks.
mentalcels dis yo opotunity to shine
At least tell us where you think they are from/what accent they have?
https://voca.ro/1IecHDSL6dcA
that thread mightve influenced making this one desu
You're going to make people sexually confused
Lets just say the select few Ive added to discord have seen proof of my beauty and agreed lmao
which nigga fromt there did u like?? asking for a friend
itoddler sataniaposter
You're that same whore from last March.
My, how boring.
Get a pop filter, guy.
its been a year how do you even remember that??? yeah hi im still vocacooming
He should not do that, guy.
Who were you cooming to?
https://voca.ro/1cL2mAbhWrUm
Please don't call me a loser though, it hurts my feelings!
https://voca.ro/1gDmmdTJNU83
idk why I did this, boredom ig
And so, with this vocaroo, it begins...
If you only want to scream into the mic, peak the audio and be as obnoxious as possible then I agree. If you're trying to breathe sensually then it's not much of an investment to end up sounding much nicer.
https://voca.ro/17ogo0HLAdmJ
Please don't do this, anon. There is still time to delete
Bunch of goobers tripping over themselves for a scrap of attention now. I'm out.
Validation, moron. Why else?
Like I care bout some troon coomin because of my voice
I know my voice sounds super bad, I'm not delusional, it basically sounds like a trans person which most people don't like kek
I'm just actually bored and I am expecting to get shit on lol
bitch talk like a man goddamit have some confidence in your voice
Maybe you should make a vocaroo of your own to critique him, to demonstrate a manly voice yourself?
All the vocaroos I post here are made with AI. You are fapping to a robot.
Was disappointed that it didn't eventually devolve into screaming "FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEE"
I would post a vocaroo but I still live with mummy and it would be embarassing if she heard me.
this is hot actually
Shut up baby, I know it!
i dont really like super deep voices this is probably my fav voice on the thread so far ty for sharing anon youd sound pretty making lewd noises
I posted partial pics showing im a girl in last years thread look a little higher and youll see someone who remembers calling me a whore :>
Post them again then, please
nobody fucking cares underage larper
