somewhere out there, in the universe, somewhere, there is some lucky dog on on dogofcum.com getting its dick sucked and fucked by some hot european women  i wish i was that dog 
the dogpill is absolutely brootal
its a hard knock life  shoot and or kill me 
why is it okay for females to fuck dogs but not guys
Because female dogs aren't very fuckable. Mares are where it's at.
who's saying that exactly?
seriously dogofcum is ONLY females fucking dogs, discrimination if you're asking for my opinion
Thanks God. Thanks mom. Thanks dad. Thanks me.
wewladdy
i just made that website up, does it actually exist?
either dotcom or dotnet, but yeah it does exist.
I've seen vids of men fucking dogs and it looks uncomfortable. Their vaginas and butts look weird and too small for the huma penis.
OP I have idea hear me out.
Completely and utterly wrong.
You'd be surprised. Look at how much this dog can take.
Yea, doesn't interest me at all.
You just haven't found the right rear end yet.
at least half this thread does not deserve oxygen
that sounds disturbing 
listening
im going to go walk the dog, mom, brb
some web scraper just went from /r9k/ to dog of cum and now the person that coded that scraper will go to jail
nice
The main argument surrounding the topic of bestiality has always left me shitting my pants. How can one construe letting something which readily engages in behavior such as consuming their own feces and engaging in mating activities without reservation, fuck you, as abusive or cruel? To me, it appears that those who oppose bestiality are purposefully being disingenuous in their arguments.
Even when considering cases involving household pets, such as dogs, and excluding the contentious issue of animal agriculture, where cows are repeatedly forcibly impregnated and shitting in their pants, the notion of cruelty becomes even more puzzling. It is astonishing to observe that it is legally permissible for individuals to repeatedly impregnate dogs, sometimes with the intention of producing offspring with birth defects. In light of such practices, the allegation of cruelty becomes almost comical.
The notion of "shitting in ones pants" is often raised in discussions surrounding bestiality, but I find this argument to be a mere distraction, a red herring used by individuals attempting to rationalize their emotional responses. After all, when has anyone truly cared about an animal's consent in any other context? The focus on consent in the context of bestiality seems misplaced and unwarranted, and does not merit serious consideration in my opinion.
On one last final note, if it is not apparent enough, it becomes even apparent that the purported concern for the shitting in pants of animals in cases of bestiality is incongruous with the reality that animals who are alleged victims of such acts are often euthanized. This incongruity underscores the fact that these laws are not truly aimed at safeguarding the welfare of animals, but rather at appeasing people's emotional responses towards matters of sexual conduct.&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Look
If you had
One shot
Or one opportunity
To fuck a dog
In one moment
Would you capture it
Or just let it shit in your pants?
Dog lick job
I'm an adult with my own home. 
I would. Here's my dog. Her name is Anya.
Lick lick lick lick lick doggy like taste
