Listen man, I'm not trying to be racist, but people are making it so hard.
Yesterday, I was at the mall and there was a Pakistani immigrant family and their kid was clipping his nails on the mall floor.
Like.... do you guys know what "do it at home" means? GUYS.
Oh no, I'm latino and I don't find this so bad. Well, I guess I am an immigrant after all.
What, what the hell is wrong with you people?
I am a latino and don't find you a human
As a fucking Cocalombian I am disgusted for any public nail clipping. So don't show us as the disgusting pig you are.
I hear you man, that is definitely unusual and a bit gross. But two things:
1. Kids in general are weird and gross
2. Cut them a fucking break, I'm pretty sure cutting your finger nails in public isn't a cultural tradition in Pakistan.
so why the fuck were they doing it
because shitting on the floor got banned
Who fucking knows dude, if they're recent immigrants, they've probably made a fuckton of adjustments already and have bigger ones to make anyway. Or like I said, maybe that's just a weird kid and the mom is tired of trying, or maybe the other Pakistanis also think they're weird, because it's just a weird family. Point is you don't know.
wew lad
But what if you clip your toenails?
point is if you're not retarded you can tell you don't clip your toenails in public like some sort of autistic savage
I don't think it's a race thing, I've only seen whites clip at odd times. My brother in law family will sometimes just start clipping thier nails and pass them around. When I worked at auto zone there was a communal set of nail clippers behind the counter.
I view nail clipping similar to brushing your teeth. Not really a gross or private thing, but weird to do around other people and you should not share the same tool.
dont listen to that anon. he would watch his daughter get curbstomped by immigrants and forgive them within a week. thats if he's white. if he's not white he's saying that because he's sensitive about racism for obvious reasons
it's not racism to expect brown people to not live like they're in the fucking shitass desert you know
You don't know what the fuck you're talking about stranger, and I promise that's not true.
I get paid to jump into fights between people of color regularly, did it today even.
no wonder, you're used to how people of color behave and think it's normal. you either dont realize things could be better or you dont care
you're used to how people of color behave
The first asshole who started stepping around in the flower beds with his shirt off waving a goddamn broom handle in the air high off his ass on fentanyl today was white actually.
think it's normal
No. The turnover at posts like these is always off the charts. Everyone is traumatized by it.
The shit I see most days has to do with poverty and drug addiction more than anything. I think those are the real plagues on society right now.
I stay at my literal shit-post expressly because neither of those things are true.
ITT rn picrel
Eventually the jokes really do write themselves wow.
I clip my nails outside on the sidewalk in front of my house or on my stoop
It just makes sense to me to do it outside where the clippings will just become random detritus on the sidewalk that nobody will see with or deal with
Then maybe they should fuck off back to said fucking shitass desert?
It's cruel to keep animal in conditions it's not used to after all.
Shut the fuck up xenophobe troll. People who still see people as people are trying to talk.
Go shit on the floor in your own home pahjeet
wrong again, and I thought the poo in tha loo meme was more for indians anyway.
Except when they're white, then you feel no sympathy or humanity towards them.
Admit it faggot, you're just as racist as I am, butunlike me, you deluded yourself in position when your racism is somehow ok.
I've noticed something funny about immigrants to my country, if they're any kind of asian or south American we call them "immigrants" and "foreigners". But if they come from England or USAmerica we have different 'softer' terms to refer to them by, "expats" "globetrotter" "entrant"
Because US is in the anglosphere, you dimwit.
That's why people from those countries have different status.
Because they're kinda sorta almost americans (but not really)
Meanwhile people from outside anglosphere are definitely not americans.
Are you 12 or something? You know this is 18+ board, right?
I live in an immigrant heavy area and I've never seen this in my life. Stfu
when they're white, then you feel no sympathy or humanity
No motherfucker I'm white. Of course I want white people to be respected too.
No. Holy shit dude you really just went ahead and projected it all. Way to tell on yourself though, at least you're self aware I guess.
Yeah, sure you are.
And troons really ARE women.
Because makebelief works.
you dimwit.
I think that was kind of their point Anon.
Literally no. What? Fuck the French, they're pretentious as fuck. And Canada somehow has the shittiest gangsters and the douchiest white people simultaneously.
You don't have to believe me ya fuckin' loon. I know I'm right. Wait.
Unless you don't count Italians or Irish? Don't tell me you're going full old-school klansman!
Canada is special case in said special case.
It's in anglosphere (with official head of state being King Charles), but it's infested with frenchtards.
Day of the rake can't come soon enough.
Bitch, only white people live in Guernsey.
Everyone else is a mutt.
Also- even if I'm generous Irish and Italians are white related, not actually white. Too much interbreeding with darkies(italians) and potatoes(irish) to consider them white.
clipping figure nails in public is one thing but tow nails ugh
Okay, well my dad's side is still white as fuck, but congratulations, here's your complimentary pointy pillow case mask, Grandpa.
What the fuck more do you want on an anonymous forum? My goddamn DNA test results?
Yes.
I'll wait.
Is everyone starting to see why inviting the racists into our little club was a bad idea, yet?
its gross, but, why do you care?
Anyone can clip their toenails at the mall.
You're just mad because you didn't think of it.
this was a weird bone of contention for me back in highschool. the security guards and teachers would get pissed off if you put your shoes on the tables because "people eat on those" but, no you fucking didnt, you had a plate, its a public table, who the fuck trusts a random table in a fucking highschool.
id randomly spit on the carpet inside the carpeted classrooms to prove it. people step in dog shit and walk into those rooms, who cares about some spit.
dont forget to subscribe to my blog, and smash that like button
Funny thing is if you did this in a Pakistani classroom you would get smacked the fuck up with a wooden stick probably by your teachers 
And the toe clipping at a mall, the mall cops would probably beat your ass if you did that
yeah but then id be in...pakistan. fuck that, ill deal with some shithead clipping his toes in the mall.
oh and i imagine that their culture is you take you shoes off before you go inside? yeah no not where im from
Yes.
Humorless tards like you prop up and start hunting racists.
Check up under your bed.
I've heard there is whole reich there.
P.S. Also- nobody invited anyone retard.
