Based foid building up her bf for free, he will soon dump her and move on to hitting on Stacies
I wonder how she'll react when someone better comes along and she feels a spark never felt before with him. Otherwise, this really isn't bad.
Honestly, if someone loved me enough to lie to me like that, I'd be pretty happy.
Cursed truth is that it's a mild inconvenience. better than finding out your husband only married you for unpaid sex and chores
There's nothing wrong with this, it's just worded wrong (and a bit harshly).
You see, when you get to be in a long term relationship with someone, you will eventually realise their flaws (outer and inner) once the pink cloud around you have settled. This goes both ways, for both sexes.
There are other factors that your significant others will adore in you. Placing your entire persona on your looks would mean that you are an empty shell. A good looking one, but empty. And chances are, those who are "looksmaxing" really care only about aesthetics, so basically that's not a good thing.
One more thing if we disregard OP's picture: beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You cannot know what part of you someone will like. Maybe it will be your ears. Or your hair. Or your ass. Anything goes, really.
I wouldn't care if my gf thought I was ugly
As long as she loves me
I doubt I'll date a supermodel
She also never has sex with him and if he ever tried it would give her the 'ick, causing a break up + rape charges.
I thought my ex was kind of ugly and I loved her a lot. I'm also kinda ugly. Is what it is.
Her doing this is good, it's talking about online that's bad. Keep it to yourself woman
this is how a woman's brain works. they trick themselves into thinking their self serving dishonesty is actually kindness, or worse, depth of character. they genuinely believe that their shallow fixation on beauty can be covered up with this wishy washy rhetoric and outright lies, because they've tricked THEMSELVES into believing it. what a joke.
I will tell you that this is also how male brain works, too.
You can find beauty in someone or something that's not necessarily in the range of aesthetic.
I'd rather be told the truth than have my ego stroked and then find out it was all a lie.
