I can't. It's enough.
Tell me about your problems anon. We can compare how miserable our lives are
Understandable.
I personally want to continue living just to see what happens. If I could I would become a ghost and just float around observing civilization, after it ends I'd be happy to observe alien civilizations and black holes forming and things. I'd be quite content like this.
I'll never experience love, because I'm disabled. No hope. 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
IT'S FUCKING OVEER.
I AM A PIECE OF ROTTING FLESH
see this: >>72990823
also fuck 4chan i have been muted
Shit that does make my problems seem trivial by comparison. What is your disability
Like clock work.
This goes through my mind when i see disabled at the gym and i complain.
Also captcha d04444
I struggle to see on why I should even continue living..
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And NDErs talk about how the meaning of life is to learn to love and be kind and thrive here despite how hard it is in this world. So how is it going anon? &lt;3
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
