normies, especially girls, literally just have sex with random people or even friends they have no intention of dating all the time just for "fun"
This concept completely mind breaks me. I always thought of sex as some sacred bond between two people who love each other, a testament of their trust. Knowing everyone else just does it casually like it's nothing completely demoralizes me
casual sex just sounds gross. diseased meatflaps that had loads of cocks inside it is not appealing. walking away feeling like a dirty used up dog is not appealing. 
you are right.
Pretty sure fucking a hoe still feels better than fapping
This is a lesson you should have learned in high school, sex is meaningless. 
But you didn't. You grew up wrong and didn't reach any milestones.
I don't know and I don't care to. have fun with your sloppy whores. I'm good.
Because sex isn't the endall beall for them and isn't what they derive their entire self worth from as a person unlike the average retard who posts here.
yep it's disgustig i hate normals
i can't even gt close to them because whe i don't put out they think i'm the freak
like i don't want casual sex that's awful
I always thought of sex as some sacred bond between two people who love each other
It's really not. I'm not sure why some young men think this. It's unhealthy to place so much value on sex. Not so say you should just fuck whatever moves but Hollywood probably made sex seem like the happy ending to a story and highest possible form of intimacy when it really isn't
Yeah and that's why physiologically speaking both genders release long term bonding hormones during climax. Don't you have some EPIC PARTY to be at, normie?
I was in my study spot and couple next to me were making out and fondling one another
I hate sex. It ruined my life. It's everywhere, nobody shuts the fuck up about it. You cannot even have a life partnership without sex.
I never thought of sex as something sacred but was still shocked at how easy some women are throwing themselves at complete strangers. I got at a round table with a couple women my age and when asked some would reply that they don't have a bf but still had sex within the last month in a natural way
Yeah, I legit do not get it. I think normies just are not human, so we cannot understand their thought processes.
I always thought of sex as some sacred bond between two people who love each other, a testament of their trust. Knowing everyone else just does it casually like it's nothing completely demoralizes me
This is half true. It isn't necessarily "sacred", but sex evolved to be a pair-bonding mechanism. That's why during sex people release certain neurochemicals that are conducive to forming emotional attachment. This goes doubly so for a woman if she orgasms.
The issue is that a certain group of people have done a lot of work to make sure that culturally, people view sex as no big deal
You're not wrong to feel the way you feel, it just means that you have a soul and that you're not stupid enough to be easily influenced by what the media and popular culture says is "cool" or "normal".
Just remember, if it's a thing that many normalshits are doing, then as a general rule, it is a classless thing and indicative of having normal to lower than average intelligence.
tl;dr
Normalscum are scum, and don't really have souls, they're just imitations of what a human being is supposed to benh
How are you here and not understand that they are in fact humans, and we are the subhumans, robots?
sacred bond between two people who love each other, a testament of their trust. Knowing everyone else just does it casually like it's nothing completely demoralizes me
I believe there are still people on both genders who agree with this
For dogs it's much more sacred. Only doing the deed twice a year on average.
Your mindset comes from retarded christcuck ideology where sex is regarded as something dirty and a sin. In reality, sex is just a normal natural part of human life, like eating or walking. It is neither evil nor good, not a sin nor something to be excessively glorified, its just a normal human activity. 
You need to let go of the brainwashing that sex is this insane profound thing.
mens dicks are literally shaped like mushrooms to scoop other mens cum out of a womans vagina lol
sex is regarded as something dirty and a sin.
I'm so sick of this lie. Fuck off, faggot.
