Last night I managed to score a black chick from campus whom I kind of knew for a while now. She's a weird blend of nerdy and little ghetto, but not thuggish ghetto. Overall great personality. I invited her over to my place, we both got high, started kissing, and then we ended up having sex. It was damn good. There was just something exhilarating about having primal sex with a black especially since they're usually seen as taboo
Ngl, I can now see why white girls fetishize fucking black dudes so much. What's the male equivalent of a Queen of Spades because that's what I am now and will try to fuck more black girls if I can
Based n whitebro pilled
show pics of her, nudes, and greentext everything.
was she kinky? did she shave? did she swallow? how long did you go for, what did she say
you do realise that you are aiding in white genocide right ? all that time you are wasting with sheboons could be spent making children / family with a white woman instead.............
samefag, no one cares about niggers
Ngl after re-reading my post I may have gotten a little in over my head, but the pussy was genuinely that good. And the lips, it's almost like they were specifically designed for sucking holy shit.
I also get really hard at black girl hairstyles now
are you a schizo or something?
answer me u normie fuck>>72991844
Want me to prove that you can samefag with different ID's, newfaggot? Here; My next post will be just "You are a fag, kys yourself" (as a reply to you), remember, the amount of unique posters as of now is 5 as of this post
You are a fag, kys yourself
You are a fag, kys yourself
anyhow, cope
I'm an asian guy and I managed to hook up with a black girl in college a few times. She was really good at acting white but you just knew that her true personality was a little ghetto. She was tall and skinnier (almost 6ft) but she still had the big black girl ass. I'm more of a tits guy so I wish she had big tits but she only had some Cs. 
Either way she was really fucking good in bed. She knew all the moves and how to gyrate her hips and all. And when you kissed her during sex she tongue fucked your mouth right back. Fucking hot. Her pussy is honestly much warmer, wetter, and tighter compared to the other girls I've slept with. I've fucked latinas, asian girls, and black girls, but I haven't tried out a white girl yet. 
It was pretty funny this time we went drinking out in the bars together, all the other black dudes were looking at me funny. Some of them were pretty angry about it and some of them were giving me head nods.
My nigger, this is the internet, btw, I had sex with angelina jolie 2 years ago in public at 2am and the neighbours came and high fived me as i was balls deep (t. whitechad btw, definitely not latin or anything)
