Can a shy bookworm also be a tomboygf?
Can a tomboy have long hair?
What kind of clothes should tomboys wear?
What is it that you like about tomboys?
Anything else you'd like to say about tomboys?
don't get me started on this. take hitler as an example:
tomboy gf or perpetuate the 3rd Reich to the 21st century?
his answer is written in history books and is probably why you are on /r9k/ making this post.
with a tomboy gf you are filled with the nostalgia of hanging out with "true friends" from back when they existed (middleschool times). all the extra drama a normalwhore brings disappears. she can take care of herself, and you if you ever need it. someone is rude to you in front of her? trust me she is no having all of that that. takes a large 20kg rock and fends off any attacker at any time. she will replace the sun if it happens to explode.
wait so hitler holocaust'd because he couldn't get a tomboy gf?
yeah. explicitly mentioned numerous times in his autobiography.
I had female friends when I was 7 that would beat other kids thatd pick on me. Theyd also bully me for being a mommas boy. Sadly shit happened.
My mom was also like that when she was in elementary, shed beat up guys who picked on my uncle. 
GODDAMIT I DESERVE A TOMBOY GF ITS IN MY GENETICS
well shit, I still learn new things all the time
A tomboy gf sounds fun, but I doubt they're for me.
She'd probably get fed up with how stupid and lazy I am.
okay if you niggers are so obsessed with tomboys then are you looking for them in real life? or are you sitting on your ass inside and thinking you'll meet one online?
I actually am a tomboy, I'm trying to learn how I can make that a marriage-able quality
touching story anon. if there was a waiting line for obtaining trophy tomboy gfs i would let you skip in front of me and make all the nerds in the back mad, cause that's how it be.
indeed i am. problem with that twink?
Move to the UK for a start so that I can marry you
you're never going to find one on the internet. online socialization is for fags and attention whores. go outside.
Tomboys don't wash their asses
i meant i am actively looking for one. go brush your pubes big dog.
being a tomboy is a marriage-able quality on it's own.
What tomboyish things do you like to do?
bump bumb pumb
vidya, camping, fishing, donating to wikipedia when they ask cuz I use them so much for studying prehistoric life, and I'm writing &amp; illustrating a speculative evolution journal from the perspective of a survivor of an Earth ship crash-landing on a planet that then gets blacklisted for intergalactic travel, so the marooned astronauts do there best to survive on their own without outside contact, I like to build model houses out of printer paper boxes
you know what, I'm not sure if I actually do any tomboy shit, this actually just kind of sounds like little odd things
I guess I do tend to wear the ol oversized hoodie, track shorts &amp; converse look though
ey, language ambiguity a bitch. good luck out there retard (affectionately)
That all sounds great. You don't need to call yourself a "tomboy" or use any other label to fit yourself into a neat little box. Just be yourself and people will like you, and someone will love you.
I actually really how we've become as a community on this board
Thank you anon, I hope you're doing well
we've become as a community on this board
sigh.
well we couldn't all stay downtrodden forever
no point being happy. this is the end.
oh no, robots aren't shitting on each other like we used to
would be a damn shame if we all perked up a bit
Can a shy bookworm also be a tomboygf?
Yeah, that's the best kind.
Can a tomboy have long hair?
Yeah, that's better than short hair.
What kind of clothes should tomboys wear?
Modest and simple dresses/skirts.
What is it that you like about tomboys?
That they don't need constant attention and entertainment from me.
Anything else you'd like to say about tomboys?
Please give me one.
I wish it was the end, me meow.
wonderful people, all of you
I like to build model houses out of printer paper boxes
neat. do you like to build any particular style?
dating a man with a pussy
No thanks, feminine > masculine girls
feminine > masculine girls
This x 1 million.
