Do you see a problem with this?
Yes. The cashier doesn't seem to be carrying.
Sub5 men should not be allowed outside of their houses.
Yeah, that guy needs finasteride.
Yes.
Why not shave the balding head and grow the beard? it's clear he can grow a very full one.
yes, this man looks very ugly
1. My guy either needs a to shave it all or to get on finastride or a hair transplant
2. Handguns are better for self defense
none
t. white woman hating man
Hair is overrated, especially when you have a gun
He's clearly a friendly, upstanding man
https://www.youtube.com/@8BitKeys
Hes extra based now. Kick ass.
He could have gotten a better sandwich by going literally anywhere else
I dont have a problem with guns but also dont think its necessary to parade it around like that.
What a shithole country
Yeah. He's acting utterly shameful. Getting a disgusting goyslop meal with no regard for how he looks. Shit posture, shit clothes, shit unhealthy flabby body, shit gun. Genuinely why does he care about his own "safety" so much when his life is that sad? I'm better than him in every way but would not carry in public because
1. I know it would make me look cringe and harm the optics of gun ownership 
2. I want to die anyway
3. I avoid crime (nigger) ridden areas
It's 8 bit guy. He's get made fun of enough and emasculated all the time. U guys are the problem.
Bluepiller detected. Can't upgrade skeleton. Can't exchange body. But those are what ultimately matter and determine your value to society socially.
No, i mean, he wasn't there for kills, he was there for Subway, and it was pretty nice of him actually to let the guy live. I pity the fools at his next stop though.
I'm blackpilled 
What does his skeleton have anything to do with anything that I said? I don't think guys like him or me will ever have a gf or happiness. Fixing the things I pointed out would simply make him blend in and be as respectable as his slouched manlet skeleton will allow. As it is, he's making it worse for himself and non cringe gun owners by looking like a fucking clown.
hahaha *sub* 5 I get it
He already has a wife and a house, why would he care about any of that?
I forgot, that's what a lot of people do. Sad, isn't it?
oh wow the 8bit guy. i actually met him not long ago. a bit of a squirrely guy. more nerdy and socially awkward than youd think
IS THAT THE 8 BIT GUY?
yeah, a woman her age should be retired. Not working a job for teenagers.
Open carrying a .22lr. What are you going to use that for? shooting squirrels? If you're going to do the gay open carry shit at least carry a caliber actually meant for business.
