How come I feel the desire to have sex with people even though when I do it is an underwhelming experience? When I am actually with a girl I mostly just want to cuddle and have her rub me and be affectionate, having sex is never that important at the time and is more of a chore. I view at as more of a way of getting her to enjoy my company.
A conundrum to be sure, sexhaver.
it's human nature to be horny sometimes, you just enjoy the more intimate parts of it. that's pretty based.
Testosterone, hormones rule our desires.
are any of you fuckin people even real people?
this entire thread was made byai
I don't know.
Go ask literally anywhere else, normalnigger.
It is a conundrum, desiring a fruit that is so bitter and unsatisfying.
That isn't really the issue though, its why doesn't that feeling get satisfied, at times it may feel as though it is off utmost importance to have it, then when I do it is just 40minutes of exhaustion and then nothing.
Yeah but that doesn't explain why I don't feel it when I am with a girl.
Yes
Byai?
I could have asked anyone, but I chose you anon, you are special.
What about doing it with a boy?
I could have asked anyone, but I chose you anon, you are special.
What makes me special?
you're uniquely retarded
I don't feel the desire to do it with a boy, perhaps if I ever do we will see. I don't imagine this solving the issue though as it doesn't change the fundamentals.
You are like a caterpillar building a cocoon around yourself, one day you will emerge into something great. Your story is yet to be written, cease what it is you desire, it all starts here. show the world the beginning of your epic tale. Become great, it is your destiny. Let us all see just how special you are.
Well
You don't know, and specially if you bottom, you might get to feel what that cuddling and affection give you during Sex itself
And instead feel it's a way for you to be comfortable with people, so it makes sense sex doesn't feel too intimate
But it could, emotionally, if youd find the right person
I know I do not like having boys cuddle me, so I don't know why that would change while having sex. IT just isn't the same thing. Also I can get comfortable with girls once we get used to being with each other, i don't think its a gender issue. I don't particular like people being around my butt and will only bottom for a girl anyway.
Oh
Hmmmm
Still tho, do you ever felt Sex as something intimate? Or that had emotional or somehow deeper meaning to it?
You should try looking for that and it May change things some
Everything people has a deeper meaning to it, the desire to be wanted to others. Which I think I and everyone else feels. I will just try to meet a girl who is better suited to me, perhaps one day I will understand.
