I do not condone what she (picrel) did, nor do I want to see the videos, but let me just say this: dogs get horny and will hump anything. Couches, pillows, etc. She simply let a horny dog hump her, and now she faces ten years in prison for it? That is barbaric... truly cruel and unusual punishment. 
She's only 19. This will ruin her life. What if we tried to help her (this is just a hypothetical). We could start a hashtag #JusticeForDenise and try to angle it so that she could be a spokeswoman for Dogecoin. This would attract the attention of Elon Musk, who would undoubtedly help us. A GoFundMe for her legal expenses would also be great.
Now, I'm not suggesting we actually do that--it's hypothetical--but don't you think her treatment is cruel? More about the case here: https://nypost.com/2023/04/08/mississippi-woman-who-had-sex-with-dog-filmed-outside-church/
could face
yawn
Good.
Fuck you for defending this.
I don't understand this boards degeneracy.
not your personal army, denise
vids?
dogs get horny and will hump anything.
I heard it takes quite a bit to actually make them penetrate.
That is barbaric... truly cruel
What? How? She's a freak.
I am absolutely not defending her actions, I think she needs some serious therapy. I'm just saying that ten fucking years of hard time for it is absolutely insane. The public shaming she is getting is far more than enough punishment.
Here you go, just for you
This will ruin her life
White women would even rather fuck dogs than black men smfh. These white girls are going to make me go off one day.
egirls would rather fuck their dogs than their looksmatch
She would rather fuck dogs than anyone here, dogs are literally cucking everyone on 4chan
Hot, remind me to fanmail her
dixie flag
conservacuck moment
Prison should be used only for serious offences against a person. Locking someone up for stupid shit like this is a waste of justice system resources and ultimately counter productive.
public shaming for a woman isn't punishment, it's an opportunity to make 50k a month on only fans.
Banging dogs is her thing, though, which OnlyFans wouldn't allow.
She could move to Russia where it is perfectly legal and start her own website. Maybe we could petition Putin to help her out of this situation somehow.
tries to co sole me
*snatches your hand away from my shoulder*
Nah bruh white women specifically hate black guys they'd fuck a white incel before a black one idk heck they kught fuck a black man but they consider the dog a better partner it makes me sick
conservacuck moment
It's pretty clear she is a conservative southern Trump girl. I think this is actually an opportunity for conservatives to realize that "degeneracy" isn't something leftists alone are pushing. Conservatives are just as degenerate. This girl literally filmed herself getting fucked by a dog in her church's parking lot for extra shock value, lol. The parking lot in question is visible in the news-article screenshot here >>72990789
Disgusting, animal fuckers need to be killed not imprisoned
console* fix
The first paragraph wasn't too degenerate. I do believe theres a difference between letting a dog hit and sexually assaulting a dog. I didnt read the case but if she fapped the dog then yeah degen prison. But if she just let the dog hit how is that animal cruelty? She should just be permabanned from owning pets with weekly/monthly checkups.
You totally lost me in the second paragraph tho that is pure schizo rambling pls take your meds
But the second paragraph follows logically if you agree with the first.
For a victimless crime (as per paragraph one), ten years is an unjust sentence. It therefore follows that people should take some sort of action to help her out. Maybe not the exact course of action I proposed as a hypothetical--but some course of action to highlight and, hopefully, mitigate her unjust treatment.
She just needs therapy. She wasn't even hiding it, she posted vids of her twerking in her dogs face in a hotel room.
I'd rather a girl fuck dogs than niggers tbqh
Give her to me, I can fix her
We can all admit it's fucking creepy and weird as shit but 10 fucking years? That's a waste of money and resources.
shitbull
No seriously kill her
Pitbulls are gentle dogs, I'll never understand the hate they get on 4chan.
all animals are now in a safe place getting medical help
I'm sure they are traumatised.
I did a double-take when I read that as well.
Unless she had a serious STD, what kind of "medical help" would the dogs require? They creampied a slut. They have no concept of it being immoral. It's not like they also follow the news or social media and feel victimized. What's the deal?
I don't know what to reply with, but the effort you put in deserves at least 1 (You)
Thanks, I will make more for people with my short time here
Mississippi 
Carter said one of the videos appeared to have been taken in a jeep at the Freedom Baptist Church parking lot in Myrick
Lol, why are red state goblins like this
It seems like too much. Sure I thought her taking dog load was really gross after I came, but I don't think doing something icky deserves prison time. I think the public humiliation she has already received is punishment enough.
I don't believe she should be put in prison but I don't think human women should be allowed to have sex with dogs either. Not due to animal abuse it's just I find it disgusting and it ruins it for nonal men.
She also has multiple confederate flags plastered on her wall. If you read the comments on her Fox News article, everyone is saying: "see what happens when you give gay people the right to marry!!!!11 It's a slipper slope and now girls are fucking dogs because it's the liberal agenda!!!1"
Name one modern Democrat or lib that has confederate flags plastered on their walls.
 Trailer trash girl
 Complete degenerate
 Has Confederate flags not because shes really a neo Confederate (she has probably fucked a whole bunch of niggers) but because its a trendy "rebel" symbol with trailer trash
Many such cases.
If we're serious about making her the mascot of dogecoin the count me in
I'm pretty sure you can kill dogs and not get a sentence like that
implies neo nazi women don't fuck niggers
Lol what planet are you from mars
it's because if they don't come down on her hard, other girls will start fucking dogs and it will get out of hand. Women are crazy
Is that... an effort post? On /r9k/?
Conservatives are just as degenerate
They've always been degenerate. Swingers and wife swapping and all that shit started with them. They're also the ones making all kinds of cuck and IR porn. I don't really care that they're degenerates as well, but the hypocrisy is what bothers me.
if they don't come down on her hard, other girls will start fucking dogs
Her tiktok is still up, the username is here: >>72991302
By FAR, the people most disgusted by her are other girls. Read the comments. It's all guys begging for her videos and other girls decrying her and putting down those men.
 eminem poster
Look
If you had
One shot
Or one opportunity
To fuck a dog
In one moment
Would you capture it
Or just let it slip?
Women mostly say the opposite of what they really mean
She should not be punished at all, at most a fine. Up to ten years is absolutely stupidly insane. Even a single year in prison could ruin her life for absolutely no reason other than made up moral policing.
Don't know any outright neo nazi chicks. But it wouldn't surprise me. But trailer park girls with Confederate flags ABSOLUTELY will fuck niggers...
Amen. And as for >>72991786
fuck yeah, I think as a dog-lover, she should absolutely become the spokeswoman for dogecoin. If we pooled our resources together, as Anonymous once did in the glory-days, can we make this happen?
We can do it, together we'll not only get her outta jail, we'll make one of the greatest memes of all time.
Can we admit that she's a cutie patootie now?
I would.
The main argument surrounding the topic of bestiality has always left me perplexed. How can one construe letting something which readily engages in behavior such as consuming their own feces and engaging in mating activities without reservation, fuck you, as abusive or cruel? To me, it appears that those who oppose bestiality are purposefully being disingenuous in their arguments.
Even when considering cases involving household pets, such as dogs, and excluding the contentious issue of animal agriculture, where cows are repeatedly forcibly impregnated and killed, the notion of cruelty becomes even more puzzling. It is astonishing to observe that it is legally permissible for individuals to repeatedly impregnate dogs, sometimes with the intention of producing offspring with birth defects. In light of such practices, the allegation of cruelty becomes almost comical.
The notion of "consent" is often raised in discussions surrounding bestiality, but I find this argument to be a mere distraction, a red herring used by individuals attempting to rationalize their emotional responses. After all, when has anyone truly cared about an animal's consent in any other context? The focus on consent in the context of bestiality seems misplaced and unwarranted, and does not merit serious consideration in my opinion.
On one last final note, if it is not apparent enough, it becomes even apparent that the purported concern for the well-being of animals in cases of bestiality is incongruous with the reality that animals who are alleged victims of such acts are often euthanized. This incongruity underscores the fact that these laws are not truly aimed at safeguarding the welfare of animals, but rather at appeasing people's emotional responses towards matters of sexual conduct.
When your hatred for the dark race is so deep, you'd rather take a girl who fucks literal animals. Haha, 4chan is crazy
That doesn't make sense. Why does it ever make sense to say that?
And that's how it should be I couldn't give a fuck about he animal abuse she's engaging in. It's the fact she's giving access to dogs what is meant for human males and it's disgusting. I'm more consigned with not having to place my dick where a dogs dick has been and if that's too much to ask these slouts maybe women shouldn't be allowed to have eots.
idc about dog fuckers, 19 years old is plenty to know what's right and wrong. 
plus she's a whore and wouldn't do the same for a man, so no I don't think I will.
Confederate flag in the background
lmao
As Ana african american I glad this racist slut got caught and proven racist whorew are dog fuckers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1faGNp9xvNQ [Embed]
Something like 30% of girls have their first sexual experience with their dogs. Dunno why people are surprised.
And as much as I kinda enjoy the meme, it's not only white chicks.
Dogs usually don't want to fuck you, women like her go out of their way to get the dog hard and then either teach it to mount them or flip the dog's penis backwards so they can use it like a dildo.
If you ever see a dog that tries to mount someone when they're slightly bent over, just know that the dog in question has been groomed.
You are probably the most delusional person i have ever seen. I cant even decide if you are trolling or not, because seriously, what the fuck?
If she has luck, animal-lovers will become soon another victim-group of the LGBTQAI+ pandemonium.
The main argument surrounding the topic of bestiality has always left me perplexed. How can one construe letting something which readily engages in behavior such as consuming their own feces and engaging in mating activities without reservation, fuck you, as abusive or cruel? To me, it appears that those who oppose bestiality are purposefully being disingenuous in their arguments.
This one is smart. 145+ IQ detected.
"This will ruin her life." 
No it won't. She'll get out in 5 years on good behaviour or 3 with an appeal.
Something like 30% of girls have their first sexual experience with their dogs.
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Holy shit, please tell me you guys really aren't this far gone?
Lame, I hate how the justice system benefits women so fucking hard, but if a man did this he's probably getting 20 years kek.
she needs some serious therapy
for fucking a dog
hard disagree. she needs a husband who supports her kinks.
she could get easily fucked by a man in prison every day if you want to know the truth a tranny inmate could force her to eat his ass
Red Rocket rolls off the tongue as soon as dogs figure out how to rap it's over
technically it would be rape. an inmate cannot legally consent to sexual acts while incarcerated.
she is legitimately cute and sexy. why doggos?
Of course they are, robots cannot into statistics.
They'll hear their fav streamer say something dumb and just believe it without following up on it
Ah a reasonable, grown-up, response amongst a sea of infantile, knee-jerk, over-emotional piss. Good on you, mate.
She deserves death. I don't need some sheltered, internet weirdos on 4chan to tell me what is right and wrong when I already know what is right and wrong. Absolutely depraved.
why do white girls fuck dogs so often?
New board advertisement?
You guys think a chick gets caught fucking her first dog? No fucking way man, she's already fucked hundreds before she slipped
Was she wearing the proper attire to be fucking a dog?
Lmao, you're a fucking simp. This is the most pathetic post I've read today.
She did it on video? Where? Did she actually take the knot or jist rub and suck it? 
TFW I will never marry Cannibal Cupcake and share her with King and Mr Biggs 
TFW I will never get to pump away at her pussy which is already piping hot from two loads of k9kum
Feels fucking bad
Being locked in an american prison for any amount of time is enough to permanently fuck you up mentally.
If youre a dog lover you should visit a forum where they fight this kind of degeneracy. Google &lt;k9 Vixen>
I heard it takes quite a bit to actually make them penetrate.
Further proving OPs point. She got Chip Thunderknot REALLY throbbing hard and took his load. She deserves a medal and a ring on her finger
What a fucking queen. How long will she be sentenced??? I will unironically bail her out and we can start an animal rescue under my name. Imagine her underneath a Rottie
Cucked by chip thunderknot once again
Shes mine faggot
This girl literally filmed herself getting fucked by a dog in her church's parking lot for extra shock value, lol.
Holy fuck she is perfect
Kill yourself numale
Bazdd
I would cum so hRd sharing her wirh Chip thunderknot. Fucking christ I would marry her and just watch in the corner
Disprove it. Until then, cope and seethe, normalfag
White women would rather have literal animals paint their insides than look in the direction of a sub 8 male
No, sadly, and thats why this fresh young beauty is going to be persecuted for making two beautiful short videos before she could even reach her potential
God damn white people are so fucking based. 
TFW no gf who lost her virginity to her dog and still tKes the knot but has never fucked another human other than me
I've never watched the video but I like the crop of her kind if crying with her face on the floor does anyone have it no beast thanks
White women cant understand how animal fucking is wrong they operate on pure coomtard logic
ITS MAKES ME FEEL BETTER SO UH UH ITS OBJECTIVELY BETTER THAN YOU BECAUSE UH UH IT MAKES ME FEEL GOOD
Your mistake was thinking women remotely reason or think like men, no such thing as sexual standards to women they will do any sexually deranged shit if it gets them off no matter what
would rather fuck a dog than me
I wish I was a white girl's dog. I wouldn't even need to pay or anything. I'd have such an easy life.
Even more proof that Argentina is white.
Sadly dogs are not human men they really dont give a shit about human pussy they just act on it due to instinct. That whore could die and the dog wouldnt care much.
so.... where them videos at ?
Sounds funny. Still, have to do better than that to get us to personal army for your ass. Elon Musk and Doge coin, lmfao. Dogefucker coin.
This person has the skull shape, facial shape, and body type of a boy
If you are attracted to them you should try to get your testosterone levels increased.
Nigga why you tryna blueball rover
OP isn't asking us to help the girl persay. Just saying.wink wink.
what the poop
you are giving mixed signals, anon
They found a decapitated dog in her front yard last year, shit head cuck. Psycho whore belongs in prison.
Sounds like she needs help, not imprisonment.
could face
She's a woman she'll face 3 months suspended sentence and fine paid by her parents.
This person has the skull shape, facial shape, and body type of a boy
If you are attracted to them you should try to get your testosterone levels increased.
Testosterone often increases sexual attraction to androgynous and male-looking people
Also, chuds really are absolutely mind-captured by trans derangement syndrome. You "people" are probably regularly clocking cis women as trannies. She looks fine. (I agree she should go to prison for fucking dogs, but she looks fine.)
so what? her dog, her decision.
she is cute and hot and doesn't deserve prison. simple as.
She lives in Mississippi lol there is no help for anything in that hellhole
Learn 2 google retard I already coomed over her
NOOOOOO YOU CANT AROUSE THE HECKIN FLOOFY GOODBOIS AND GIVE THEM SO MUCH PLEASURE KNOTTING YOUR PUSSY THAT THEY CUM!!! NOOOO THATS LITERALLY RAPERINO!!
but the dog clearly likes it and wants more, nobody is holding them down and they are very affectionate afterward 
YOU JUST CANT OKAY!?!?
How do we jnow it was hers and not the poor neighbors? Whats next, severed horsecocks in her dresser?
This person has the skull shape, facial shape, and body type of a boy
This person has the features you'd expect from a young woman. Try talking to some, when you have the time.
I hope fat big dykes brutally rape her in prison
ten years in prison
that's longer than those mutts's lifespan
She deserves to get raped then and then decapitated. It's only fair. 
But because she is a feemale the SJW and feminazis won't talk about this because it doesn't fit their agenda of males being rapists and degenerates.
haha yes I'm going to kill and eat animals! cook their innards! broil their muscle! wear their skin! muahahahaha!!
nooooooo! but you can't let the animal hump you!!! it's abuse!!! how dare you!!
If a guy did this nobody would care, just a fyi to show how backwards society is
The only oc poster on the original content board, I bow.
Only men get raped in prison nice fantasy though. Women have life on EZ mode.
nor do I want to see the videos
I've seen em
Jannies can't remove this either because the doggy dick is cropped out!
WGFD WGFD WGFD
Can you Webm this? Or give me a source, so I can Webm it myself?
Whats her name? Nbhghjnl objhbniu
for moar info, please see:
I need the video man someone post it pls
Why do people care what other people do in the privacy of their house as long as they don't harm anyone else? This is so fucked.
So what if she likes fucking dogs? Why should we care? She could like shitting on her husband, why the fuck should she get sentenced to prison for that.
So... where do you guys look at this stuff? All I ever seen was some vintage VHS garbage quality so I never really bothered.
AS LONG AS SHES NOT HURTING ANYONE
LET HER BE A DISGUSTING DEGENERATE
im watching and jerking to the vids rn
fucking hot
thanks for bringing this to my eyes anons
Hahaha fucking deserved that poor dog. Hope she rots in jail
Moralfaggotry is all about disgust, not harm. People don't care about billions of animals being machine-raped and slaughtered for mouth cummies, but a girl fucking a dog is big news
Yeah, this girl is definitely getting very punished undeservingly. Jesus fuck, normies.
They prosecute the girl, berate her online, act smug on a high horse about her being bad, all the while jerking off to her videos when night time comes around.
kekekekek
Someone save her tiktok videos before they get deleted. I'm at work.
Thank you.
130 posts and nobody has provided sauce. Come on let's see the slut fuck a dog 
Share with the rest of the class plox
the dog looks like its tired of life
LMAO. My ex wifes name is Denise and her eyes were even farther apart than this sluts.
People often forget that laws don't need a reason to be implemented. A law is nothing more than a social rule generally agreed upon by the public and enforced by the government. It can be created because of religion, morality, common sense or just because that particular group of people feels like it. No law is set in stone, nor the reason for why a law should exist.
I'm not saying beastiality should or should not be illegal, i couldn't care less either way. I'm just trying to say that laws need not be logical. If people simply want it to be illegal because it upsets them, that's all it needs. whether that's good or bad thing is another topic
Be honest: you wouldn't defend a man in the same circumstances, certainly not to the point of starting a "JusticeforDennis" movement.
Ok, and?
Its not a man.
