Does any of you relate to the feeling of constant boredom and aimlessness out of being prohibited something for so long? I've never had my love reciprocated, never had any friends and never felt any sense of belonging anywhere.
Now? I literally can't feel a thing anymore. I no longer care about girls approaching me or not, or any feelings that translate to love.
I have literally been robbed of my ability to love because I was never loved. How do I ever recover from this? It's scary how nonchalant I've grown. I don't want to remain without any feelings. I want to experience life the same as everyone else, but why am I not allowed to?
I relate. My feelings had to die, because they were so endlessly negative and hurtful that it drowned out any potential good feelings. 
And yes - relations with others seem impossible when you are years behind even children in terms of social development. Again, how to process this overwhelmingly alenating exerience unless you simply don't allow yourself to feel it? There is no fix-all solution to these issues.
Avoidant attachment style moment
I know there's simply no 'panacea' for anyone's ailments, but I'm trying to find a workaround. That or a step towards one's positive progress.
What does that mean? Could you elaborate?
I would reply and try to form a connection with you but you are likely straight and just larping for attention. I do not believe a word of what you said and you will soon have a flock of people trying to suck you off in the replies and posting their discord tags. Good. I hope you never are able to love anyone, just like me. I hope it fucking hurts.
You don't have to be so aggressive, I don't get why you're assuming things based on just two posts.
As it stands, nobody really cares about my thread, which I don't mind. I just wish someone could help in any capacity. Any help is greatly appreciated, even if it's telling me to kill myself. Alas, I hope your post was in response to a different thread than this.
Because everyone who posts this actually has friends or people they have connected to and are just exaggerating pretending to have an issue I actually have. Plus they easily make connections as seen in the threads. Just fishing for easy attention is all any of you do.
Do you want to be friends, anon? Do you want for us to bond so you could witness my loneliness firsthand?
I can't convince you otherwise, but it makes me feel guilty for giving off the wrong impression. Explains why I can't talk to anyone.
Apathy is the natural end result of frustration.
One of the only two end states it has, ultimately.
you never felt truly agonized you are a hackneyed spawn of postmodernism slinking within the tropes of pop culture canals draining into the ecosystems of thought and cyber escapism. may you even have experienced an objective form of suffering it is but a faint glimpse of it. you are an insult to the victims of old and of new, the presently dying and those who have lost.
No. Number one because you can easily attain friends, number two because you would ghost me like everyone else who attentionfags here, and number three because you will have 20 people in this thread soon trying to suck your dick. 
oh fucking save it. You dont feel anything.
This is one of the myriad ways in which the psychology community actively enrages me.
Note that the way this disorder is framed makes it a problem WITH OP. OP has these issues because he has the wrong "attachment style". It couldn't possibly be the natural result of other people rejecting OP. Nope; not possible. It's just stupid dumb nutjob OP and his "disorder" creating this issue.
How come one overcome that end result? Is there anything beyond an 'end result' at all? Perhaps something to spark those feelings back into the now-gone person?
I don't truly get your message behind belittling myself--having gotten acess to none of my memories to acknowledge how I truly feel--but okay, cool!
Number one because you can easily attain friends
If it was that easy, I would have never resorted to 4chan, let alone r9k, of all places. I would've "felt" the need to bond with my ""friends"" and made it out of this loop.
number two because you would ghost me
I don't condone ghosting anyone, nor have I ever done that. If someone doesn't talk, I'll be blunt with them - but, it's not like I ever had the opportunity to do so.
number three because you will have 20 people in this thread soon trying to suck your dick
People are already dismissing me and my thread altogether, or straight up making light of my life. You're plainly incorrect.
OP has these issues because he has the wrong "attachment style"
I don't even get what you all mean by "attachment". What does that mean? How can I improve and overcome this?
How? I feel so lost. I'm genuinely confused as of now.
You have that sureness to what you are saying that is telling of a normalfag. Look how confidently you state all of this. Stop pretending. Be glad you have people that want to talk to you and stop appropriating issues you dont have.
I can't really convince you otherwise, but if that's what you have deduced then fine, have it your way.
people are responding to your thread in general so that already means people are interested in you, mine die immediately and with less than 5 replies. Also posting on r9k is extremely common for people with friends 99% of people here are giganormies. Even if I did believe you you are just someone simping for women anyways.
I can sort of relate.
I'm unsure if I can fall in love. I never had the chance to.
Okay.
Have you never fallen in love with someone growing up? Or even some random, inexplicable feelings of infatuation?
See, only someone with alot of friends would do something like that. larping normalfag.
I think I have had crushes. Is that the same as falling in love? How does it feel to fall in love?
I think I have had crushes. Is that the same as falling in love?
I feel like both can overlap, since having a crush definitely means you had feelings for someone else (love).
Honestly, I can't tell anymore. I find it impossible to retain any sort of feelings--positive or negative--towards anyone. Love, resentment, anger... I just feel hollow, hence the thread.
Is there any more pics like this? I hate anime faggot weeb shit but I like this one
Btw don't Feel lonely or sad. Try some learn some instrument, music DIY cinema or other art form.
T. A men who try to comite suicide years ago
I believe the artist is @brutal_vap on Twitter. You can follow him and similarly the suggested accounts, as they tend to have the same style.
Is there any more pics like this?
I believe the artist is @brutal_vap on Twitter. You can follow him and similarly the suggested accounts, as they tend to have the same style.
Btw don't Feel lonely or sad
I feel neither, I just feel extremely hollow and unequipped to incur any feelings regardless of their nature.
I don't feel like I have the motivation, or dedication, necessary to commit to learning any of these - but I could definitely try once I muster the energy necessary.
You are a pseudointellectual I can just smell it on you
Maybe I am, I don't know
