This is the ideal female body. If you don't look like this, you will never get a bf.
she's completely flat
If you're a pedomaxxer sure
Thats roast beef pussy ngl
I would prefer if she was slightly smaller and skinnier, with larger breasts. However she does look very pretty. Is she conscious?
shit body but 12/10 pussy, i really want to suck it and then slowly put my weiner inside
What I wouldn't give to have sex with a woman. Just once god dammit. Anyway, gonna go jerk off to this now.
i'm insanely sexually attracted to any person who has a pussy and is not obese. Just be a woman and don't be fat, it's that easy
my girl's thinner and hotter and has a better looking pussy
Poast her pussy and we'll take it under consideration
She is in post-spanking bliss
Disgusting post op tranny
Cope fatass bitch
enjoy your robot I guess
I'm not exactly sure what that is but she looks limp and unaware and that is really sexy
yeah of course, because no women have those traits and i guess they can just know that every man who wants to date her is someone who wants to fuck children. unironically kill yourself
What's that thing next to her and why is it broken in half? Did she get paddled?
Pedofags out. This is peak form.
Yeah it's a paddle that broke on her ass
the actual ideal female body is this, doe
Face of a prepubescent boy
yulia is def S tier
but i do think that lucie wilde mogs her
and i think jana defi mogs absolutely everyone. absolute RUTHLESS, BRUTAL mogging machine, prime jana defi is
seriously, nobody mogs jana
Maybe a middle ground is best?
that
based retard, those are some nice tits but yulia still wins hands down in body and especially face
mogging yulia in any universe
based retard, those are some nice tits but yulia still wins hands down in body and especially face
Why
Jack Skellingtonmaxxing
Highly based. Neoteny is peak attractiveness.
Let's see her pussy anon
I wouldn't consider her ideal but if I had nothing better to do and she offered, I would, because pussy feels good and her body isn't so disgusting I can't get hard (unlike fat and/or old chicks) . Men really are that simple, ladies.
Fucking a 10/10 is preferable, but you only need to be a 5/10 to pass the test and get this dick. How you manage to become a femcel truly baffles me. Literally lose weight and make yourself available.
you wish
and its for private use ONLY
She is absolutely perfect!!!
t. Chad
only a gay would want to fuck this. Where the fuck are her boobs?
You are an idiot. Young fertile girls have boobs and child bearing hips.
