Be you. Light skinned man.
Drink at bar
Black man spikes drink with nig virus
Next day. Headache.
Go to the bathroom.
Dark black spots appear on your back.
White skin is being polluted by a dark pigment. Like ink on paper.
Hair is darker and curled.
Rush to hospital.
Doctor says it's nig virus and says it's terminal.
A sudden rush of primal rage urges you to beat up the doctor.
Your skull shape deforms. Mouth jutting out like an ape.
"N.... NI.... NIGGA FUCK YOU!!!"
You bash the doctors head in with medical instruments.
You run out shirtless. Only a few receding white spots remain on your pitch black body.
The police swarm around you with guns out. It's over.
do I atleast acquire a BBC?
It's over.
You bastard. It's not over until I say it is.
Anon knew that he had to go on the run. He packed a bag and left his house, not looking back. He traveled by night, avoiding any major cities and staying in the shadows.
The government soon caught wind of his condition and began a manhunt for Anon. They wanted to study his condition and find out what caused his sudden change in skin color. Anon knew that he couldn't trust anyone, not even his closest friends and family.
Despite the dangers, Anon was determined to find a cure for his condition. He believed that somewhere out there was a scientist or doctor who could help him. But he knew that he had to be careful, for the government was always one step behind him.
Years went by, and Anon grew tired of constantly looking over his shoulder. He longed for a normal life, free from the fear and paranoia that had consumed him. But he knew that it was too late. He was a wanted man, a fugitive from the government, and he would always be on the run.
In the end, Anon accepted his fate. He knew that he would never be able to live a normal life.
immediately go out and fuck a bunch of blonde, asian and latina sluts with ease
Sounds good to me.
I would thank him for curing my vitiligo. 
Would happily become black if it would fix my skin.
