ITT, we share our small little everyday accomplishments.
I refrained from screaming bad words today.
I didn't drink today  thank you to the anon in the vocaroo thread for encouraging me not to
today I woke up at 7 am and walked for 15 miles and got some reading done.
started on a few videos i needed to make
don't know what happened to me recently, but i haven't been able to poopsock them like i used to
I finally cleaned the dogshit pile off of the kitchen floor
I went to Walmart. There were no attractive women of my race but I did see this tall brown woman without tattoos that looked OK. Everyone but me and her were fat. Unpleasant experience overall but I got a couple tools and some groceries for the week. And I got some yuengling. Only ipas they had was goose island and a few others I don't know much about. I know goose island is owned by the company that owns budweiser so I couldn't risk supporting trannies. At least yuengling I know is owned by a chud. Sucks because I wanted modelo negro but it's also tranny fluid owned by ab-inbev.
I did my taxes. I'm trying, I'm a contributing member of society and I'm still still a virgin. Quite frankly I'm devastated
double cuck
I cooked and ate meat today
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Something smells fishyyyyy
https://voca.ro/1aF7iCIOryW0
you're getting personal, targeted attention which is what you were looking for lol
I went to a party, got absolutely shitfaced and met a cute girl.
That's very good anon, I'm proud of you. I'm sure it took significant effort not to drink, more than maybe you're even willing to admit. Keep it up.
15 miles is a damn long way! Where did you go? Did you see anything interesting? And what did you read?
What videos? For work?
Well done. Tidying up little bits at a time really helps my overall mood, I'm sure it will for you, too.
Small steps, my friend. It sounds like you're doing well, I find taxes extremely stressful.
What meat did you eat? Cooking and cleaning up after myself was my small accomplishment for today, too.
What meat did you eat?
some meatballs :-)
I made pasta 
Cooking and cleaning up after myself was my small accomplishment for today, too.
lovely! such rewarding tasks, proud of you anon
Oh, I also had pasta, some sausages and lots of random veg. Fusilli is the best pasta shape for sure. Don't suppose you made the pasta from scratch? I've never tried it but maybe I should.
That's very good anon, I'm proud of you. I'm sure it took significant effort not to drink, more than maybe you're even willing to admit. Keep it up.
Thanks, anon. I appreciate it. I was doing pretty good for awhile, was about 3 months sober but I fell off the wagon pretty hard recently. But I'll get back on track. I'll do better.
Learnt a lot about pentest
I'm sure you will, really glad you took the advice of that other anon in the vocaroo thread. It's nice when robots prop each other up.
I installed Gentoo, my greatest technological achievement.
Pixel is this??
https://voca.ro/1aF7iCIOryW0
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Something smells fishyyyyyyy
Hopefully the meat didn't smell like Pixel
I had some rigatoni pasta :)
I've made pasta from scratch before but not this time, just some quick big batch for the week to take to lunch :)
I've made loads of pizzas from scratch way more fun than pasta
Although i do make russian raviolli from scratch
I went to college despite not having to, and got some work done. I also didn't binge eat either.
Something smells fishy
It's pixel
https://voca.ro/1aF7iCIOryW0
I wrote a little more of my fantasy wrestling league and I came up with a storyline beat I liked
attention whore :)
https://voca.ro/1aF7iCIOryW0
