7/10s are hotter than 10/10s. i cant explain why but its true.
Because you're coping. You know you have no chance with the 10/10s, so you trick your brain into preferring uglier guys.
There was even a story about this. It was about a fox who wanted to eat some tasty-looking berries on a bush, but couldn't reach it. So after the fox realized that getting it was impossible, it started saying that the berries probably weren't gonna be as good anyways.
I can, simply put what is often percieved as a 10 is simply a 7 who is also a stacy or roasty, us , being robots are in a way repulsed by stacies and roasties due to the lack of acknowledgement that they give us, instead we are more draw to these 7s who are just as pretty as 10s but appear to be less willing to ride chads dick.
that makes no sense, because i dont have a chance with the 7s either. your dumb theory deboonked.
Because the 10/10s have unnatural enhancements.
Any discerning individual finds that disgusting.
What about a 3/10?
Because your idea of a "7/10" is still in the top 0.5% of men/women, you just rate them low because they're not some heavily-filtered/photoshopped instagram celebrity.
well anon, its most likely because those girls are in your league, and they genuinely are more appealing in terms of femininity anyway. 
Think about it, girl on the right is not autistic, is socially-able and literally doesnt know how computers that well but she gets straight A's and is overall successful. Her hobbies are probably most likely sports or anything that can involve going outside anyway, the probable only thing shes autistic about is some school subject because she is that closed off from the internet anyway, she doesnt know what furries are or what a fucking chud is, keep in mind this cartoon was set somewhere in mid 2000's so even normie girls were not as horrific as they are now. She has had mutiple or just two boyfriends in her life because she was socially able and had the strength to talk to people.
Now the girl on the left is just a genuine autistic, she seems genuinely more real because the struggles of life may bring her down and it can show through awkwardness and tism. She dresses in a hoodie and thigh highs, normies have literally no idea what thigh highs were in mid 2000's. She is socially weaker and therefore robots may be able to talk to her better rather than the normie girl on the right who dominates them in every social aspect herego resulting in emasculation of robot. 
Dont get me wrong she is nice
but why not go for the virgin femcel who is a gem in the heaps of coal, a becky before the twisted fucked up sexual evolution? if you say the n word at her she wont immediately think about killing you and is actually a lot more human than any stacy youve met
Pretty sure it's because they're more likely to be psychopaths. These sort of people often get a ton of attention, and that's not how normal people grow up.
You have an almost-impossible chances with 7s, but absolutely no chance with 10s. Get smart, foid.
anyone who prefers the girl on the right should immediately shoot themselves
Girl on the left is trying to hard to be different and edgy and unique. Fuck both of them
Not OP but cartoons are deceiving. Our brains love to fill in the blanks (the more the simpler the drawings are). You'll need to go out of your way to draw unappealing girls (usually when a cartoon has ugly women it is because the entire artstyle is ugly). Also it is hard to make a difference between main characters because they are equally detailed (background characters look plain because there is little effort in them). In most cartoon series choosing between the girls boils down to small differences, like hair / skin color and some personality traits. It is very rare when looks dominates a character discussion so much (like in Korra) it affects everything.
Meanwhile in reality these two girls wouldn't look similar at all. The blonde would be a pretty, smart, athletic girl with great looks and smell. Meanwhile the dark haired one would look like shit, her hair would be greasy, her clothes wouldn't be "sexy casual" but rags, she would either have a big belly or looked like a skeleton and she would smell bad.
The left girl is clearly looser bait (which I don't judge but let us be real) where she only really differs from right in style and quirks. If both characters dressed similarly there wouldn't even be a single point of difference between them.
For me it's that they get less attention. A 10 could have any guy she wants, even if I dated them she would still have 8 male orbiters ready to pounce if I ever feel less social than normal. But I could convince a 6 or 7 that I'm the only person they need in their life. I think it's only fair, they would be the only person I need in mine.
