Join incel discord server
claiming they care about personality and not looks. 
First thing I see is girls simping for attractive men in the chat while 
claiming they care about personality and not looks. 
Pls raid this shit https://debateincels.com/
I despise humans and I never expect much from anyone. Fuck humans anon
Alot of sociopaths pose as incels to get into mentally ill fembot panties
Mod is trying to sell incels Ukrainian wives
This could be turned into a comedy kek.
Ugly whore is making is making cum tributes to incels
This could be turned into a comedy kek.
another mod is arguing for why he loves futas
This could be turned into a comedy kek.
Women with 10+ body counts claiming to be femcel
This could be turned into a comedy kek.
Owner of the server literally looks like the whale
This could be turned into a comedy kek.
Is this the link?
post discord server
ilovemilfs is my username
The link is on this website. They actually made a fucking website https://debateincels.com/
the fuck? these retards are all literal teenagers.
Yeah they're fucking retarded.
Can you post screenshots of this for posterity?
That's not an incel server lmao, some of the guys are cool but it's all just teenagers and egirls. I'm in 3 ACTUAL small and comfy incel servers but the thing is, we don't really put it on disboard or shil it on 4chan because it will just ruin it. Why did you make a website though? LMAO
Nah, unfortunately no, but there was this girl who claimed how important personality was then she was caught dming every attractive guy in the server and doxxed.
It's not my server. I was thought it was funny enough to share. I don't know why they made a website. Could I get a link to your servers?
What?
There milk in women for activity.
This is why I left all of those servers, none of them have actual incels in them, its all just pretty boy e boys and e girls simping. Actual ugly incels get bullied and ignored
Hope they all rot in hell
I left the server. So fuckin whiny
Don't blame you.
Cringiest shit I ever seen.
Admin is a tranny and no lewds going on
Saged
