Is it over for gynocels?
I was made fun of since I had a female cousin that was flat.
Capitalize on it and become a tranny, or workout like a lifer and they begone
Fml. Guess I will have to find one who bleached her skin.
dark nipples on a light skinned individual just looks retarded
Pluck those like 5 hairs on your chest before I do it for you.
Apart from the memes, most east and northern Asians are light skinned
wtf the fuck did evolution mean by this ? surely them being so unattractive would have removed then from the gene pool by now
Would girls be weirded out if I ever get the chance? I know it's still visible with a shirt on.
If you live in america: I'm working on second hand info so I could be wrong but I heard a guy lied to his GP and claimed that his gyne was causing him enough pain to affect his ability to function in daily life &amp; his insurance ended up paying for the surgery. Usually the surgery costs a few grand &amp; since its cosmetic insurance won't cover it.
that's the best burn I heard in a min ahaha your nipples be acting like they're crosseyed
Am I the only one that finds dark nipples on light skin cute?
Go to a doctor, there might be some hormone shit they can do. I think I might have a little of this on one side but my nipples aren't big and I'm a fatass so it's not noticeable.
When I was in my teens, my dad would harass about having manboobs or humiliate me by making me take off my shirt and insult me for being a robot
could be worse, my gyno hurts bad sometimes. As long as you don't get pain i wouldn't get the surgery. But if it is bothering you that much, visit an endocrinologist, mine told me only way to get rid of it is surgery. 
Wear one size up shirts, that are 100% cotton, or have some viscose in it. I find the higher count cotton the better. Also the thicker the shirt the better, i started wearing xl shirts that are thick and high cotton count.
Are you Canadian lmao?
I wonder who this
If youre so worried about how you look, change it. Its just an expression of your deeper insecurites though.
It is very much over. 
I haven't gone to a beach in like 5 years because of it. Even when I love swimming. 
I also don't go outside without a baggy hoodie on. 
I am terrified of ever showing my body to someone else.
Mine isn't even that bad. Biggest problem is that, it gives me inverted nipples. 
My body is disgusting. I once had a friend gag at the sight of my body...
Yep, it's over.
Are you fucking retarded? Maybe youre just a tranny. You probably think ots normal. Jealous, even.
You need to fix the hormone issue and then diet/lift/or get surgery if that doesnt work. In that order
It's pretty old, you think it can go away? 
How can I fix the hormone issue?
You have to go to a doctor and get referred to an endo. Then theyll tell you pretty much right away whats wrong with your hormones. Then theyll fix it. After that, then diet/lift. If that doesnt change it in a year, grt the surgery.
Yeah it's over.
I don't know whether it's microplastics, polyunsaturated fats, a feminine social environment, the Jews, shitty genes, or all of the above. But whatever it is fucked my shit up. There is no chance I will live a normal life.
I would love to suck them while using your bum as a fanny after beating you at willy wars. More pics? Twitter?
nah dude you're absolutely retarded. You can look good and shredded with gyno still, and gyno is pretty common anyways. Just don't be a fucking bitch about it and work out. The bigger your muscles are the smaller the breast tissue appears
mine is bigger its suifuel to the max, the only way out for me is to get a job and save money for the surgery, imagine a neet saving 10k its impossible
They're not made of fat, gynecomastia is actual conical breast tissue. The only way to lose that is with surgery.
god op thats so hot youre a cute little asian twink with boobs how could you possibly be insecure
Time to embrace it and troon out. I'd fuck your tight Asian bussy.
losing weight/gaining muscle will not help gyno and, in fact, can just make it worse. best solution for you is surgery from a good surgeon. if they bother you on a day-to-day basis you can use a chest binder to feel more comfortable in clothes.
