Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
laid back early edition
How are you doing today?
Any plans for today?
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Why did you hurt yourself?
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm aIternatives (thanks muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid for post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
dbt (dialectical behavioral therapy)
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
Welcome. Welcome to /Cut/
You have chosen, or been chosen, to relocate to one of our finest remaining anonymous generals. I thought so much of /cut/ that I elected to leave my bump here, in the thread so thoughtfully provided by Our Benefactors. l have been proud to call /cut/ my home.
And so, whether you are here to stay, or passing through on your way to parts unknown, welcome to /Cut/ It's comfy here. :D
How are you doing today?
Meh, kinda tired. I woke up after 5 hours of sleep and couldn't get back
Any plans for today?
Taking my gf to a doctor's appointment, cleaning my apartment, and taking a shower
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
2 weeks ago
Why did you hurt yourself?
I had a very small conflict with my gf and my bpd-ass brain made way too big a deal about it and I got really mad at myself
Is there anything bothering you right now?
There's a lot on my mind. My cat just got a cancer diagnosis, I'm broke and in debt, my employer hasn't paid me my full wages since 2020 and owes enough back pay to wipe out my debts 5 times over, I have put on 40 pounds since december from stress eating, and to top it all off my boobs have been sore for a week
5 hours of sleep
terrible D:
I got that much last Friday and I was half asleep throughout the whole day
Hope you can get some more sleep tonight
bpd-ass brain made way too big a deal
yeah but it's also your bpb ass who later realized that it wasn't that big of a deal 
Give yourself some credit
There's a lot on my mind...
that's fucked up anon, and the worst part is that it isn't even your fault, all you can do is just wait and hope for the best 
I'm sorry for your kitty and fuck your employer
I wish you the best, hope you get better soon &lt;3
How are you doing today?
Fine
Any plans for today?
Finishing work until I fall asleep or get distracted trying
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
3 maybe 4 days ago 
Why did you hurt yourself?
Earlier that day I had a breakdown, reason was because my gf is a suicidepill and I get very anxious and distressed whenever she talks about harming herself in all kinds of ways. The thought of losing her pains me in my stomach 
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Work, I just wanna go to sleep and lie in bed the next morning
Oh my Lord. This is a new low. You NEED therapy and drug treatment. Treatment might be very long term, unfortunately.
Hope you finish it quickly
and when you're done have a comfy sleep
had a breakdown, reason was because my gf is a suicidepill
I'm sorry to hear that 
had a breakdown
It shows how much you care about her, I'm glad she has a such a loving partner, I'm sure she'll get better, especially with somebody like you next to her 
good luck friend
hiya /cut/ really tired today :P
hiyaa
It's okay, hope you can rest well soon 
Why are you so tired?
Were in a sort of sadomasochistic relationship, i'm going over to her house this week, she promised to scar my back if I would bruise her arm
has a such a loving partner
I don't know if she has the same feelings towards me, she's inexperienced with romantic relationships, she has yet to say that she loves me, she has even said that it's a bad decision after I told her in dms that I love her
I'm sure she'll get better
Sadly I don't think she'll get any better, I don't think that she'll be alive for very much longer, I feel dependent on her because if she goes I don't think I want to live much longer
helllo cutters :)
How are you doing today?
I spent four hours in the gym and would like to collapse, other than that, no change
Any plans for today?
Cleaning and ordering some supplies for the car
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
1y, almost 1m
Why did you hurt yourself?
Self-punishment, release, etc
Is there anything bothering you right now?
I have to go to the airport to drop of my parents. I don't have to go in, but it won't be a fun drive with broken power steering
I hope the rest of you are doing well~
Were in a sort of sadomasochistic relationship
Kinda wierd but ig as long as both of you are consenting adults it's alright
How did this sort of dynamic arose between you two?
Sadly I don't think she'll get any better
Why do you think so?
if she goes I don't think I want to live much longer
sad, let's hope that doesn't happen
once again, best of luck
Hello
 would like to collapse
get some rest soon, 4 hours sounds very tiring
Do you often send so much time in the gym?
1y, almost 1m
:o very nice, good work
broken power steering
stay safe
I guess the parts you're ordering will fix it?
hope the rest of you are doing well~
thank you 
I'm doing okay
How are you doing today?
I'm fine,
Any plans for today?
Not really, mostly just listening to music and maybe playing a game - day is almost over for me.. 
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Last night and then again this morning
Why did you hurt yourself?
Because I really don't like myself and there are things that are constantly chasing / haunting me - hurting myself is an efficient distraction for me because it takes my mind off those things that I'd rather not think about 
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Almost at all times yes
hello hello, everyone!
had a nice day at work, i'm well fed and now it's time to wind down and relax.
Hello yua 
that's very nice to hear, hope your unwinding and relaxing goes undisturbed 
stay comfy ^^
hey catposter. sorry i was missing in like 6 threads so far. I guess all this time i was alone, all i needed was someone like her. i no longer want to post anywhere. maybe the right word is i wanted attention xd. 
gf is a suicidepill and I get very anxious and distressed whenever she talks about harming herself in all kinds of ways. The thought of losing her pains me in my stomach
yes yes yes and thousand times yes. i dont know what to do if my (no really, she owns me) woman harms herself again or worse. she is suicidal too. i am never a person of anxiety except for this situation with her. its terrible how she has such an amazing effect on my heart and feelings but i rarely succeed in helping her.
it also hurts my self esteem obviously
Do you often spend so much tine in the gym?
Depends on the day, usually not. On average it's around two hours I'd say.
I guess the parts you're ordering will fix it.
Yes, I'm also replacing the clutch.
Lovely to hear.
My day started off fine until some arrogant twat online became obsessed with me again and tries to make me flip out (not penalising someone for a niche situation in an S3 scrimmage, which I should have quit because I fucking suck and have made no progress). 
The friend I cut off STILL won't talk to me, so I'm getting paranoid. I hate having no true friends and not knowing how to make a few. I have no sense of security because of it and it makes me scared to speak my own mind. The amount of times I've wanted to slice myself open again over this paranoia and loneliness. Extreme fear of abandonment doesn't help either. And there is nothing I enjoy to occupy my mind with because I will fail at it.
Not like I can just "join a server" like people say, I get paranoid from that, and I always get ignored despite trying to converse. No one tells me how I fuck up either. 
I just want a few people to be open with, play games with, learn with, and get help from. Maybe I'm not suited to that.
hi catbro. hope so as well. how was your day?
hey, juuzouanon.
hello, anon.
until some arrogant twat online became obsessed with me again and tries to make me flip out
is it really that personal? i don't know the s3 community at all, so it's hard to tell for me what's going on. 
The friend I cut off STILL won't talk to me, so I'm getting paranoid. I hate having no true friends and not knowing how to make a few.
give 'em some time, i'd say. everyone has their own pace. they'll come around. and don't you have your friend who's in the military?
And there is nothing I enjoy to occupy my mind with because I will fail at it.
those are the times when i opt to just watch anime or read some manga. just some mindless entertainment. 
I always get ignored despite trying to converse. No one tells me how I fuck up either.
that's odd. at least to me. do you mean in game or in conversation?
I just want a few people to be open with, play games with, learn with, and get help from. Maybe I'm not suited to that.
you have us for the first part. i know that writing isn't the same as actually talking and it takes some time to get replies, but we are here. the other stuff i don't know. i've never been good with online games or communities. i always preferred playing on my own. even in mmos.
is it really that personal?
Yes, I hold a degree of power there, and he has tried to make my life a living hell out of jealousy. About to resign anyway.
don't you still have your friend who's in the military?
Yeah, but it's hard to contact him right now since he's in training. The commander is fine with him making an international call, but whenever I call in (which I'm encouraged to do because it gets him out of whatever he's doing) the operator at the installation has a 80% chance of not understanding much English, and the ones that do struggle a lot. 
Not easy calling in when you can hardly speak their language. (German, he's Swiss but lives in Austria, so he has to do both. He finished Swiss service and has to do Austrian.)
do you mean in game or in conversation?
Conversation mainly.
I've always preferred playing on my own. even in mmos.
So do I, but the intense social disconnect I feel from having almost no one hurts.
Also beginning to suspect I have a Persona addiction.
hey hey :D
don't worry, you don't have to visit the thread if you don't want to
just remember that you are always welcome here 
I wanted attention xd.
It's okay, I hope these threads made you feel less alone and helped you get through some tough times
About to resign anyway.
maybe that's for the best. the juice doesn't seem worth the squeeze, honestly. are you a very competetive person?
the operator at the installation has a 80% chance of not understanding much English, and the ones that do struggle a lot.
how? they are operators in the military, why do the struggle with english? you'd expect european military personel to be able to communicate on some level...
German, he's Swiss but lives in Austria
don't know if i'd call what swiss and austrians speak german, but then again, i'd hardly call what a lot of germans speak german. seriously though, some "dialects" are completely different languages. 
Conversation mainly.
hm. ok. that's hard to tell without being part of those conversations. is the in-game talk getting heated?
So do I, but the intense social disconnect I feel from having almost no one hurts.
i can see what you mean. i guess i'm able to treat playing games as me-time, since i meet up with friends once in a while, so i don't need gaming to socialise.
Also beginning to suspect I have a Persona addiction.
you think so? couldn't have guessed it. ^^ ffmanon plays a lot of smt. those are somewhat adjacent, aren't they? personally i'm waiting for some news on project refantasy. are you playing one of the persona games at the moment? and do you have a name for yourself in mind? i wanna call you something besides anon, but i can't really think of something. 
wie gehts dir eigentlich ffmanon? nocturne schon durch?
things that are constantly chasing / haunting me
I'm sorry anon. Having things consantly follow you and ruin your mood is an awful experience. I hope the best for you. What sort of music do you listen to?
Have a good time relaxing, Yuanon. (:
broken power steering
Have fun muscling through that, and good luck.
gf is suicidepill
That is very unfortunate... I bet that you are helping her significantly by caring for her. Good person. (:
I'm doing better today, finally getting work done. Got out of the slump, mostly. I hope to basically just work over the next three days so I can have a slightly relaxing weekend, maybe walk into town or something. Once again, thank you everone. I hope all of you are in good spirits.
Image didn't work ):
are you a very competetive person?
Yes, likely fueled by the desire to be better than someone at something I give meaning.
why do the struggle with english?
That's my question! I might have to try to call the commander directly since I know he can, I've spoken with him before.
Dialects in German are funny, yes. But they all learn standard German, so I guess it balances out. I do know that his parents want to invite me over a lot when I move (going further south in England, so I can hop onto the Eurotunnel), but I want to be able to understand Standard German before I do that. Austrian dialect can come later.
is the in-game talk getting heated?
Typically, yes, as it does in all competitive communities.
those are somewhat adjacent, aren't they?
Yes, Persona is technically a side-series. I finished replaying Persona Q on 3DS, so I might play P2 on PSP. 
do you have a name for yourself in mind? 
To be very honest with you, no. I'm not the best at names. Maybe Kotanon? No clue.
The car I learnt on did'nt have power steering, so I'll be fine ;)
hey prog!
Have a good time relaxing, Yuanon. (:
i do, if i say so myself. thank you. 
I'm doing better today, finally getting work done. Got out of the slump, mostly.
good to hear. 
I hope to basically just work over the next three days so I can have a slightly relaxing weekend
sound's like a plan. i've got a day off tomorrow, so i'll do a workout and....something else. 
maybe walk into town or something.
i imagine it somewhat like the intro to saturday night fever. 
Yes, likely fueled by the desire to be better than someone at something I give meaning.
i guess that's a big difference between us. i like playing, but i don't have a single competetive bone in my body. i do try to adopt the way my opponent wants to play the game though. 
But they all learn standard German, so I guess it balances out. 
that's true. i only speak standard myself. well, some local stuff slips in from time to time, but that's mostly when i try to get something across or make a point. 
I do know that his parents want to invite me over a lot when I move (going further south in England, so I can hop onto the Eurotunnel), but I want to be able to understand Standard German before I do that.
just do it when you get the chance. sounds like a fun experience. brexit makes just coming over a bit more of a hassle though, doesn't it. :/
Typically, yes, as it does in all competitive communities.
makes sense, but when people get agitated they probably aren't in the mood to share any insight.
Maybe Kotanon?
sure... why not... but i'm not sure if you're pulling my leg and if i should ask you if you know what "kot" means in german. i guess it's from a character?
brexit makes just coming over a but more of a hassle though
You would think, but it made no difference. I've been told much of the time they don't check your passport. I don't want to go somewhere I can't speak the language of though. Have around six months to become fluent I'd say.
Kot came from Kotone, the female protag of P3P. No clue what it meant in German until now, and I would like to die upon learning.
I've been told much of the time they don't check your passport.
huh. i heard the british side is quite strict when it comes to that. maybe the frenchies are a bit more laid back? i don't know. 
I don't want to go somewhere I can't speak the language of though. Have around six months to become fluent I'd say.
you can make a lot of progress in six month. don't know your level and if you'll make it to fluent, but the trip would be ample opportunity to learn. especially if you have people to stay with. my brother went to france with somewhat basic knowledge and has made great progress. 
No clue what it meant in German until now, and I would like to die upon learning.
it's probably a completely different pronunciation anyway, but i do have to admit, i had a little bit of a giggle. we can go with it though, if you like.
i heard the british side is quite strict when it comes to that.
Was told from a few who cross often that if you go during the off hours (later at night/during the workday), they won't bother if you have a British/EU ID. If they ask for my passport I won't need to worry on which I give (dual nat), since I get the same six months per trip regardless. Also the parents of my friend said they can sponsor me if I needed a visa there for whatever reason.
don't know your level and if you'll make it to fluent
If I'm going to learn a language, I WILL want to go beyond C2. Without question. I plan on getting a certification for Dutch one of these days. I still don't know how to approach learning German on my own, Dutch I went in with only a dictionary and books, and still managed to learn it. The same approach didn't work with German. Didn't you offer to ask a teacher friend? May need to take you up on that.
we can go with it though, if you like.
I don't feel comfortable with it anymore, to be very honest. Will get to thinking again, though.
I WILL want to go beyond C2. Without question. I plan on getting a certification for Dutch one of these days.
if i can hold a conversation on with people from around the globe on this website, it's good enough for me. would have been cool to be able to learn dutch in school, i have to say. living near the dutch border and all. but since a lot of dutch learn german, it wasn't deemed necessary, i presume. maybe the rampant shortage in teachers has something to do with that as well.
Didn't you offer to ask a teacher friend? May need to take you up on that.
i did, but i forgot that abitur (final exams) are taking place this week (of course it's a total logistic catastrophe and nothing is working as it should) and he will be preoccupied until the weekend. he's teaching history and biology, but since there has been an influx of ukrainian students with no language skill i figured teaching german might be a topic in general at the moment. 
I don't feel comfortable with it anymore, to be very honest. Will get to thinking again, though.
i can see why. we'll figure something out. ^^
Every Dutchman knows English as well, so you don't have as much incentive to learn it. It should net me some respect when I go, though. Dutch learning German is common on the border, go further inland or near Belgium and they won't, or will learn French.
maybe the rampant shortage of teachers has something to do with that as well
It does. Dutch is arguably one of the more useless "major" languages to learn.
influx of ukrainian students with no language skill 
Maybe that would make it easier for me to learn in some roundabout way, since more emphasis would be on teaching.
goodnight pals
hope y'all have a nice sleep
a bumpy bumper
middle of the night bump
Bumper Cutter
Apologies catbro, I had to go sleep, never ended up finishing my work 
How did this sort of dynamic arose between you two?
We meet online through a mutual friend, we slowly saw each other and started doing weird kinky stuff like biting and choking, and then eventually it turned into somewhat romance.
Like I mentioned in my first post I'm seeing her on friday which is good 
Why do you think so?
She is anaemic and has depression that prevents her from seeing people even if she like them i.e me.
In the time that I've known her she has attempted by cutting her wrists and getting hit by a bus.
but I rarely succeed in helping her.
I feel the same way in that if I try to convince her to get help from external sources or tell her to not commit suicide, all I'd be doing is pushing her away and making her uncomfortable. 
It makes me fearful that if I try to tell her to stop she will run from me, I don't want to loss her either way
ive arrived. it aint a /cut/ thread without king dick
aaaa bump mump ksjebd
Good morning everybody :3 
Apologies catbro
no need to apologize, hope you slept well
She is anaemic and has depression...
Now I see why you think she probably won't get any better
i know nothing about relationships so there's really no advice I could give you
but I hope everything turns out well
good morning jackoffanon o/
How are you?
Dutch learning German is common on the border, go further inland or near Belgium and they won't, or will learn French.
sure, but learning the languague of bordering countries should be common here as well. we are still in this weird mindset that people and events should mold to our desires. the current events are a grim reminder of that. 
It does. Dutch is arguably one of the more useless "major" languages to learn.
i'm dealing with a lot of dutch people because of my job. wouldn't have been useless for me, but, as you said, i don't really have an incentive to learn it. 
hey, uhm... jackoffanon. you're one of the ogs, right?
good morning, catbro! any plans for today?
good morning, catbro! any plans for today?
haii, nope I have no plans for today or actually I kinda do
today I have a day off from uni and I want to rest as much as possible
today I have a day off from uni and I want to rest as much as possible
same. enjoy your day off. you earned it. do you know what you'll prepare for dinner? playing any games?
do you know what you'll prepare for dinner?
I think I'll just order some pizza, I don't remember the last time I've eaten one 
playing any games?
I might play Portal 2 again 
Do you have any plans for today?
I think I'll just order some pizza
ordered one last week. i always get it with a mixed salad, put the salad on top, fold it and eat it like a sandwhich.
I might play Portal 2 again
excellent choice. 
Do you have any plans for today?
working out atm. then shopping for some groceries after. still have some leftovers, but i doubt they'll make a satisfactory meal. maybe some hobby stuff later.bmight need you to convince me though. ^^
fold it and eat it like a sandwhich.
lol, that's gotta be the strangest way to eat a pizza 
excellent choice.
thank you, today actually marks 12 years of Portal 2 
some hobby stuff later
have I ever asked you about your hobbies?
what are they?
Good morning people(s), I will now spend the next three hours laying in bed wanting to not be awake
Good morning
why will you spend the next three hours laying in bed wanting to not be awake?
lol, that's gotta be the strangest way to eat a pizza
don't knock it 'til you try it. the warm softness of the pizza and the cold crunchyness of the salad are nice contrast. the rich cheese and the vinegar as well. but it depends a lot on the place you order from and if they actually make a decent salad. it also isn't so strange if you know the germanised version of doner kebap. 
thank you, today actually marks 12 years of Portal 2
happy birthday, portal 2!
have I ever asked you about your hobbies? what are they?
i'll tell you later. have to make my errands now.
good morning, anon.
I will now spend the next three hours laying in bed wanting to not be awake
i know that feeling just too well. could spend whole days in bed during the worst period of my depression. take care. 
i'm on my way then. see you guys later.
I'm in what I can best describe as a depressive episode mixed with a shot of anxiety. I got out of bed because I couldn't stop shaking and I still can't
I feel that. For a solid week I did nothing but lay in bed and play mindless games on my Vita.
abc bump abvs
Am new here I am feeling empty today, I have a depression diagnosis and although not suicidal i feel like trying self harm for the first time today. What do you think I should do?
sounds pretty bad, hope you feel better soon
Is there something I could do to help?
Hi, don't harm yourself anon
sooner or later you're gonna regret it 
Here's a list of SH alternatives, check it out >>72998877
Is there something I could do to help?
Probably not, I'm sorry. I feel the knife is going to work it's way out soon enough. Really tempted to blind myself because I can't take any more reminders
How are you doing today?
Great
Any plans for today?
Studying
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
2 months ago I think maybe 3
Why did you hurt yourself?
Real life issues 
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Amount of shit I have to study for the exam
Based
if you wanna talk about this
what's bothering you so much that you want to blind yourself?
Hey why don't you guys just not cut yourselves it's that simple
So that I cannot torment myself anymore. Anything I see is a reminder that I will never be good enough to achieve anything meaningful to me, and I would rather live blind than constantly be reminded of my failures in what children could fucking do better. I'm pathetic and deserve nothing, my world will never change and as I age I will only become more and more resentful.
not surprised that cutters are all degen weebs lmao
have I ever asked you about your hobbies? what are they?
i don't know if i ever stated them outright, but i made some allusions. most obviously i'm reading manga and watch anime. i like to play video games, but have become very selective and only play a handful each year. i watch a lot of streams about games and other media though, so i somewhat know what's going on. with friends i mostly play traditional games. board games, trading card games, tabletop games. what's dominating depends on my mood and how often i'm able to meet up with my friends. don't know if you want to count the body improvement activities, but i do those as well. what about you? you game, make maps and go for rides on your bike, is what i remember. are there other things or would you tell me some more about the things you do?
and play mindless games on my Vita.
i had the psp at one point. it was a cool device, but the pricing for the games and other media completely killed it, so i never bothered with the vita, but i heard it's good for a lot of classic games, especially jrpgs. 
I will never be good enough to achieve anything meaningful to me
i made my piece with that at this point. 
I would rather live blind than constantly be reminded of my failures
i don't think that would work. 
my world will never change and as I age I will only become more and more resentful.
it was the opposite for me. the older i got the more i mellowed out and was able to let things go. i had a pretty bad experience with something around august last year though. took me some time, but i made my piece with that as well. it's not that i don't get agitated or hurt, but it's easier to just breathe, wrap my head around what's happening and just let it be as it is. 
I have a depression diagnosis
i always tell people with that kind of diagnosis to get a micronutrient screening. the cause of your depression might be vitamin/nutrient deficiency linked to malnutrition.
original bump of business
most obviously i'm reading manga and watch anime...
out of all of these things which one is your favorite and do you have any recommendations?
are there other things or would you tell me some more about the things you do
That's about it, I don't really have any other hobbies
i imagine it somewhat like the intro to saturday night fever.
Heh, it won't be that exciting, that's for sure. Whenever I go into town, I just visit the two record stores there, see if there's anything I like that isn't super popular. 
12 years of Portal 2
Man, I remember playing that game with my dad on our old shitty Windows XP computer back in 2013. Thank you for reminding me of that beautiful game. Here's to Portal!
I will never be good enough to achieve anything meaningful to me
Hopefully you can understand that, to a certain degree, you are thinking that way because of the episode you are experiencing. 
I would rather live blind
I have a hunch that that would bring an exponential amount of torture into your life, as you will only be able to live with the thought that you are worthless for the rest of your life. It is worth having sight on the chance of seeing positive change versus giving up your sight and living with your negative self image.
I still have a lot of work to get done. Music has been pushing me through it. Been listening to The Police, and man they're good. More thanks to you all for keeping the threads up. Gotta go to my engineering statics class now.
How are you doing today?
Stressed, it's really hitting me that I'm about to start my 4th year of college and I still have no friends.
Any plans for today?
Last ditch efforts to find a roommate. I don't know where to start though
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
A week ago, cut a couple lines across my torso
Why did you hurt yourself?
I needed a break, was too overwhelmed 
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Everything listed above.
took me some time, but i made my piece with that as well
Good to hear.
you are thinking that way because of the episode you are experiencing.
They do make those feelings more intense, yes, but they never fade and always are in my mind.
With how things have gone, positive changes seem impossible, no matter how much I try to bring them on. After a certain point of trying you don't feel like it comes.
Good luck with that course, I had a similar one a year or so ago. The Police are an amazing group, always keep them on rotation
if i only could keep doing one, i would choose training, but i've really been enjoying the time i spend with anime/manga. streams are background noise for me and i'd have dropped the /tg/ stuff a long time ago if not for my friends. they need it as an excuse to hang out at this point. i've got a hard time recommending anything, i have to admit. i mostly read bl manga, but for general stuff i really liked dungeon meshi, a manga about how to survive in a rpg-dungeon with focus on cooking. hell's paradise was nice and i really like the anime adaptation. the pacing of the first three episodes was really good. it's hard to give advice without knowing your taste in settings, though. 
That's about it, I don't really have any other hobbies
as always, it's not about the quantity but the quality. if you enjoy just a single thing, that's enough 
hey prog. 
Whenever I go into town, I just visit the two record stores there, see if there's anything I like that isn't super popular.
yeah. i'm planning to visit my local nerdstore. browsing the goods a bit. nothing special in mind. 
I still have a lot of work to get done. 
keep it up, prog. you got this.
Music has been pushing me through it. Been listening to The Police, and man they're good.
will put them on my list. have been trying to expand my taste in music a bit and this thread has been quite helpful with that. 
Good to hear.
thank you. it was quite the stupid thing to get so upset about, but i let my defences down and tried to enjoy something for once, so when it turned on me, as usual, it hit me pretty hard. i hope you get through your episode without harming yourself too much. hang in there.
2 months ago I think maybe 3
that's a great achievement, anon. well done.
Real life issues
do you want to talk about those?
Amount of shit I have to study for the exam
you've come this far, anon, you can do it.
hi, anon.
Stressed, it's really hitting me that I'm about to start my 4th year of college and I still have no friends.
it happens. what have you tried so far? 
Last ditch efforts to find a roommate. I don't know where to start though
isn't there groups or student unions who can help with stuff like that?
