Angel of the North edition
Gonna get a regular buzzcut #3 each month I think. Ordinary no-nonsense cut for an ordinary no-nonsense guy I reckon.
cant help but think people doing those daft stop oil stunts are like psychppaths ans that. love the attention. a lot of these people just want to look cool then shout and have a ruck.
Get in there my lads x
He's got a big ole monk cut lol
Never forget all the AstroApus we lost over the years sending them up into space. To this day they're regularly making trips up there to repair the satellites.
SeaSideMonk
That does look pretty cool. Should really go see it as I'm only about 20 miles away
probably one of the worst things bbc has done scheduling wise is put have i got news for you on a friday and then the extra one on a monday
why .. people are tired wana relax on friday night watch it. we gonna watch it
im not gna watch the monday one coz i already seen it... yet it has extra 15 minutes i wna see
its fucking stupid. these fucking idiot tories
I work in IT and hate the pressure of the deadlines my manager puts onto me. I have to do boring tedious projects while also doing my normal tasks. It feels pressurizing and stresses me out.
Is this supposed to be normal in the IT field?
Are you the loser signs guy?
no just wanted to vent.
Work 1st line helpdesk so all the crap that is IT gets thrown that no one wants to do, like the tedious boring tasks. I feel souless and just want to escape.
I used to like helping people with their IT problem but it gets old after a while and started to feel tired after having to solve the same issue again and again 100 times
Gonna hafta kill around 8 hours now before i can viably do the [redacted]
Oh well
I work in IT as well and its comfy for the most part, no harsh deadlines or too many difficult projects. I just work on the helpdesk and solve minor issue like accounts being locked out, plus it's a small organisation. May be different for bigger ones though I guess.
Stupidity does not care about international boundaries.
its a small company 500-1000 users. And I do the whole of helpdesk while having to juggle projects and additional tasks is pressure inducing.
It was comfy for the first couple of months though just wished I had another person that can help out with helpdesk tickets as well to reduce the load in the morning
Are you saying I'm stupid or the girls in the pic?
So you're doing the majority of first line all by yourself? I'd certainly struggle too if I were supporting that many users.
All three of you are stupid.
I'm a loser for Japanese girls
I'm a loser for French girls
I'm a loser for Indian girls
I'm a loser for Australian girls
I'm a loser for Irish girls
Don't care where they're from, just love losing!
I'm a loser
There's a couple I know that have a child on the way, they seem so immature though. Wonder how that'll pan out, they both watch anime all day
I would say that 75% of the time I post a soijak I get banned for it, occasionally a warning if I'm lucky
Used to have a lot of respect for the janny and would always serve bans rather than reset the router, but if this shit is allowed to pass Shan't be doing that in the future
The idiots in the picture.
Mad how he's been hard at it 24/7, spamming his fetish shit until it hits the bump limit in an attempt to 'get back' at the thread.
Truly deranged lad.
No, I couldn't make the dog look like it was smiling.
LETS GET THE FUCKING CHOONS ON R KIDS
Just because you can't compete in the sexual marker, doesn't mean we all cant
https://youtu.be/22tvkAu8Q2k [Embed]
Corrr having a chill one for a bit garn de lids garnnnnnnnnn *my apu starts twitching the last segment of his index finger about a few millimeters at a time to the beat*
GARN DE LID HES FEELING IT GET FACKING MENTAL
*increases it to 2mm*
corrr hes going mental this lid not seen such action from him for months. If we discount the fax machine incident. Hes garn mad!
Cheers lad, that's really good thank you. Appreciate the time you put into it, exactly what I needed
Janny is a gooner it over
Those are fake dicks
Really liked guitar lads latest tune. Very nice
Replayed that neil wiamond song and its actually pissing me off hes fucking boring. What the fuck. Stupid bastard
Reminder that he is spamming blacked stuff to 'get back at his dad'
It's definitely working, he'd be ashamed of you
https://youtu.be/jYU4U906Ixs [Embed]
Cor thats better
*look over to my apu and hes now wiggling his toes to the beat*
CORR DE LID GARNNNNNNNNN
*he goes brumper mode starts twitching a bit*
OOOOHHHH FUUUUCKKKK WELTDOWN COMING 
*puts on some bach*
*he chills down*
prevented a critical weltdown just saved me entire wity garnnnn
Nanny has given up on britfeel
Left us to fend for ourselves against a torrent of fetish spam
He's always here watching over us.
He's busy saving all the BBC pics
https://youtu.be/RFs-Qmc3IcU [Embed]
CORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR..... *inhales* RRRRRRRRRR.
COOOLD
COLD BEEEER
DONT YOU EVER WORRY
I AM RIGHT HERE
I COULD NEVER LIVE WITHOUT YOU..........
YOU DONT CARE WHAT I AMOUNT TO........
You all migrate over right away when he makes a new thread stupidly early just to spam when the old thread was fine. Fucking idiots all of you
Are you drinking again
Even HHL has quit the wooze why dont you follow suit
but I want to post frogs
Cold beer here for me R KIDS
https://youtu.be/ln7Vn_WKkWU [Embed]
*me in 6 hours time*
HERE I AM WAITING TO GO INTO SPOONS
LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!
Alcy dosser
https://youtu.be/3wzqGI_4fIM [Embed]
WAKING UP AT 12, IN MY CLOTHES AGAIN
.....
I DONT WANNA DRINK
DONT WANNA BE A CLOWN
GOTTA GET MY FEET
BACK ON THE GROUND
BEFORE IT...
PULLLS ME IN.....
HOW COME IT ENDED UP LIKE THIS?
AND WHOS GUNNA CATCH ME?
WHEN IM COMING DOWN
TO HIT THE GROUND AGAIN......
ALL BY MYSELF......
COS I DONT WANNA DRAG YOU DOWN
HOLD YOU DOWN
COS YOURE A FRIEND
I BLAME MYSELF....
I GUESS YOU THINK ITS FUNNY NOW.
FUNNY NOW..
damn. hits home
Rats fleeing.
just farted a bit thought I shit myself but then realised I hadnt. False alarm .Carry on R KIDS
Why do you think the PoC community is so fragile and crime-ridden? Most of these people are unfit to be parents
https://youtu.be/QPL3LGkclL4 [Embed]
This R KID is a premier league footballer. been making waves on the social media world. People say its Nkeitah from arsenal
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
You have a face even a mother couldn't love
Happy to see a wave of premier league footballers pivoting itno other things mesel. 20 years ago if you were a footballer is was lame to do anything other than football. Even using social media was seen as dead. Even now it is too. You get some guy to do it for you. 
in another 20 years time premier league footballers will probably have loads of tings going on the side ya get me rude man
Cat had to have surgery today and now she's only got one ear. Her head reminds me of Nemesis from RE3.
Hope she's okay lad
*posts worn nonstop*
*i leave like a chad*
HES DONE YOU AGAIN STEVE
I'm getting more serious with the girl I'm dating, proper like infatuated with each other. Yet I feel quite lonely when I'm not with her? Why?
anyone here got contact info with method josh?
No, a BWC but many ladies enjoy it
Interested in heads of state currently. I find it interesting how someone can represent a state of hundreds of millions of people and what their day might entail. Saw something just now about how the president cant put anything on their head from anyone, even if theyve got full security clearance and its a big time event. I saw how a superbowl winner offered him his helmet and prompted him to put it on but he gave him a flat out no because security risk. If you represent hundreds of millions of people you are basically a walking golden goose. anything happens to you and that goose turns into a retard mode apu windmilling about. OHHHH DEAAAAAARRRRR people will quickly find out the score
She's had what several vets said was just a polyp in her ear for ages that was causing ear infections. Had a specialist come and look today and about 30 mins into the surgery he called and said it was actually a cancerous tumor and the dark spots on her outer ear were cancer. Apparently we got exceptionally lucky because it spread outwards rather than inwards as if it'd gone the other way she'd not be here today.
Thank you though lad, I know a lot of people are mean for means sake in here so that's nice to hear.
S'alright mate, I know the pain of having your pets poorly. My dog died in January. Would have been his 14th birthday yesterday. Miss him so much
Just got out the spacker shower now cooling down with a wuppa. Garn watch a film then hit the sackington. So I'm doing alright there me leeeeeds.
Alri wrosty lid. See you're back on the weers. I'm on that wuppagrind tonight. Might mix things up and have a winger weer in a bit (non-alcoholic) waheyy. 
We all steadying this ship in life x
Alright R KID. Yeah Ive fucked it big time R KID. Garn try slow it down after tonight. Going to wake up tomorrow very sick because ive been hitting the weer awful hard.
Been there many times R KID. Always feel the regret the next day after hitting the wooze hard. Hope you get a good night's kip. Me? I'm watching The Predator. Not the good one with Arnie, the shit one from 2018. Cheers x
Fucking POS troonfox keeps sperging out on me after the auto-update
Had to start a new session too, boggles the mind
Phwoar night's still fairly young innit
Am pretty womfy right now
It was not my hand that caused the tumultuous fall of the Night Lids. It was not my actions that caused the destruction of the Wumpa Committee. It was not through my will that a most fell fate tore the Knights Wumpa limb from limb.
It was all you, It was by your hands the good and womfortable lads were scattered, never to return again.
You betrayed them. It is always the ones closest to you that hurt you the most - and you hurt them, little Helperlid.
Ruth loves BBC.
Ruth posting is old news man
Who is Old News Man? Local News Man's brother?
Trevor McDonald
Garn have a late night wustlerz wheesewurger me. Why you ask? Because it's a lush. And I mean LUSH x
I had one the other day, first time in years and I forgot how lush they are x
Yeah they really are lush. Proper NEET scran too x
Do you remember 2014, lads?
left two ferrero rocher and 6aq once when i left on the desk on the travelodge hotel i stayed in
for the cleaners
its a nice gesture to leave somebody a tip
so much i think they called me but.. i was watching the gayer alan turing movie with friends in cinema so i didnt take their call
I remember grinding Destiny back then. Cooooor that was a womfy time.
You turned on your dearest friends.
Have you spoken to your mate since last week's incident lad?
Well I'm off to beddingtons. Nighty night de lids and Darth Seether x
No she's only ever had white boyfriends.
what kind of question is that
cat sleeps next to me
and when i roll around with my debilating body knowing its shit
and i sleep on the floor, cause i cant walk stairs
he sleep with me, he grooms with me
im sorry but hes just been a huge part of my life to feeling fucking human again after all these
and i really really cry sometimes
out of sheer nothingness
cause beyond that pain im also schizo mentally depressed
my wapu just won a gold at the european indoor windmilling championships got a european record too. frosty's apu gonna be fucling furious when he finds out
and ugh ugh
yeah this what a part of what people left for us, for me and my boyfriend
you understand?
its thoughsands of dollars so we can try to build a future, so we can try to buy our home, in which his mom and grandma help us to do it
so no
(cause by the world is shit, and im scared, very much so)
Big headache vibes tonight. Cannot sleep
Better not be the coof
we took turns wanking off this tranny
would you like me to help somewhat with thoughts and things
So proud of him, I had my doubts but he's turned out to be a great little guy.
alri lads. trolley wolley reporting inah
trannies need to be milked once a day
Garn crash in front of the ol' wellyberg for 20-30 or sommet soonish me
Let the foodington settle and all
im sorry for your sorrows mihai
wts a wellyberg
how do you usually spend the day soundspacker?
He only ever replied to me once
BritNormie in the shower, not even thinking about /britfeel/
hope everyone has a good day :) 
x
a lot of posts deleted in this and the last thread
Ordered Charles Bronson's fitness book
Gonna try and get back in the gym grind, me
stretching out amer's bussy
stretching out sean's bussy
BBC stretching out Ruth's asshole.
That is 1st line helpdesk lad, you have to move past it to do interesting things. I stuck out a year on a helpdesk then got moved to the networks team, now I'm head of a high level networking support team, we only take issues that have had some level of troubleshooting already done on them so the dumb shit mostly misses me
Wellyberg is the pharmacist
Cheers for the morning giggle lad
Just reminding you all that you're here because you never tried. You get what you deserve.
This is a website lad. I'm here because I typed the URL
He goes to the pharmacist.
Next to the bank.
Then he drives to the parcel machine where he gets his Kinder Country or Erasco soup that he ordered from Amazon.
Then he used to walk the dog (Robbie) along the fields and forest.
He's probably substituted the dog with the gf by now desu
Sausagewog general is on /int/, fuck off back.
the best thing to do is entirely ignore him and just report it. don't give an attention seeker attention
Bring us our FBR back an I'll leave
fockin ell now i want one of these
This a soundspacker as pepe
Going to be having unprotected sex later today. Will be thinking of soundspacker during the act, heh.
Ignore this cunt>>72998177
Krauts, especially those with soundspacker lore, are very welcome here
what was the name of that tranny tip we used to have on here the one that got into heroin
Crona. Gone but not forgotten
he /she /it /they /xe died?
You're awfully concerned about some tranny that hasn't posted here in half a decade
Proper good sleepington this was
Hafta head out in less than 60 too corr
ive been thinking about how britfeel is almost 10 years old which made me start thinking about all the posters of the past
Saku, he was a bit chubby wasn't he, corr!
dont even remember him 2016 is the latest back i know
10am and already on about trannies, grim
https://youtu.be/ULqxiUK6kOs [Embed]
Good ol' oldies
You will actually never be a real woman desu
the are omnipresent here
Shouldn't have wanked 3 times yesterday. Really fucked me up
Did you know that posting "bump" to bump a thread you like is apparently against the rules?
I got a warning for spamming/flooding for posting "bump" in a general I like on /g/.
I never knew this. So now if I want to bump a thread I guess I need to make a real post with something to say.
Crazy.
GOON MORNING, LADS!
Revving up the wfh (wank from home) engine, ready to goon my brains out! I'm feeling Lisa Ann today, the classic, the GOAT, the most top-tier MILF to ever grace the pornosphere. I shudder to think (and also pop a semi at the same time) how many cocks she's had up her arsehole and how many litres of cum she's ingested over the years.
Phenomenal porn whore!
Mate... Wot if... Everyfink is an illusion... Mad innit bruv
Phew, garden activity supplies, I needed them.
Might get a bacon butty as a reward for my achievement.
Goon instead, all the joy of wanking and no post-cum nonsense to deal with. I'm on five days right now and aiming for a week. Join us on goontwitter and goondiscord, we'll open a new world to you.
Goober groomer, stop corrupting anons. We know it's leading to tranner sheit,you corrupt gay fucks.
Goober, fucking Goober, my phone thinks I'm a yank. Stupid thing didn't correct sheit. What a twat my phone is.
Goober is a funny word. you WOOBER
I know of like one single person who 'transitioned' because of gooning. It's purely a kink thing for the rest of us, we shave, dress up in cute outfits, put on make up and wigs and most of us lock away our cocks, then we slap our balls or dildo our butts to hyperporn. After everything's over we go back to normal and nobody is any the wiser. I'm a perfectly normal guy in my day to day life, I just have a secret kinky fetish thing that I indulge in online when I'm back at my place and all alone.
I got too drunk at a work do last night and it turned political. We talked about male and female sports and then it pivoted to people transitioning. I then said I think its because some people have no sense of self and to them they dont see it as a big deal to transition like most other people do. they changed the subject instantly. I felt bad because I realised It got too serious too fast and they had to abort and if it were in a more serious environment I may have been called out or something.
No I mean it all leads to tranner porn.
Starts out with, corr tits amarite?, and ends with you wanking yourself off whilst ramming a sausage covered in mayonnaise into your gob while murmuring hmm feminine benis.
We all saw what happened to flid lad, he's deranged now, due to gooning to tranners.
Knew you'd like it, frosty yankz.
My apu shit himself again. garn have to put the training wheels back on R KIDS
We call them stabilisers over here, dude.
Getting a posse together to round up some pesky injuns, see y'all later.
*yeehaw's*
Classic spot o International bants.
Its a euphemism for nappies R KIDS. stabilisers sounds like something a fedora wearer would say
Erm... er..... coughs... erm.... *whispers* stabiliser *panic attack*
LMFAO
what does that have to do with gooning? britfeel is a gooning general, lad, please keep on topic
/britfeel/ is anti gooning.
Eurgh, gooning.
this place loves gooning. it's 50% porn spam
I really like it when a tranny sucks my dick to be desu
Gooning seems quite gay, my dude.
And we know who the spamming faggot is.
Flid lad the downie.
Pro-gooning
Anti-grooming
I'm not gay, I don't goon.
Gooners are groomers.
FTFY
Isn't gooning for gays? I don't do that.
I think the replies prove otherwise.
Sorry groomer.
sad but true
britfeel has become a back and forth between SSMposters and gooners
Shall I goon for 6 days and have a wank in front of some old ladies at the park on the 7th day?
just fuck off you mentally ill freak, gooning is peak porn-addiction nonsense, just fucking jerk off and cum like a normal person ffs
Sounds like a good plan lad, can't imagine how it would go wrong
So you're saying shit brit posters brought their shit gimmicks here?
Not surprising from a board that promotes low quality posting.
Wait, all these posts are confusing me, should I be gooning or not?
yes, obviously lad, pay attention
Gooning is mana.
They're gooners. Why do you think they aren't obsessed with tranner porn sissy hypno pegging dominatrixs and making the experience last longer?
This is the best post I've ever seen in britfeel
It leads to feminisation and sissy roleplay.
You don't want to be like flid lad, do you?
Tha's fake news, my laddington
He started by posting women, now it's gay all the way. We can only go on the evidence he's provided. 
Never mentioned gooning - started gooning - now the biggest faggot in the thread.
Don't turn out like flid lad.
Not him but, I used to be a vicar, then I heard about gooning from one of my parishioners, I looked into it to see if I could help free the young soul from the devils talons, now I'm a sissy prostitute selling my bumhole for a Costa coffee each morning.
Looking forward to Eid this Friday or Saturday, de lids?
fuck off paki boy
You know what's wild?
Over a long enough time scale, as have seen /britfeel/ go from a haven of OC, /pol/, a comfy irreverent general and finally devolve in nothing more than /b/
Well, I say enough is enough, vote for me in the upcoming /britfeel/ elections and I'll make /britfeel/ decent again!
British culture is centered around pakis. They have holidays for pakis. They lost hundreds of thousands of white men in WW2 to invite pakis. They listen to paki music. They elect a paki as their mayor. They dress and act like pakis. They draw the entirety of their modern culture from pakis. They post sassy gifs about pakis. They watch cricket in worship of pakis. One of their biggest events of the year involves throwing parties in honour of pakis playing cricket. They use paki slang like "wallahi" and "akhi". When you say Mohammad they're not thinking of the father of Islam. They're thinking of their wife's paki boyfriend. Their cities are completely overrun with pakis. They worship their ZOGbot police force disproportionately filled with pakis and their global police force of soldiers filled with pakis. Their men sit around watching cricket while their women sit around watching paki talk shows and fantasising about paki dick. They worship pakis like Sadiq Khan and Zayn Malik while attacking the whites who actually built their country before pakis took over. Their films are filled with pakis and their music charts are topped by pakis. They send pakis to the Olympics and celebrate when the pakis win because those pakis are true red blooded british pakis. They watch paki porn to a point where "BBC" does not make them think of an international media company but about balochi penises instead. They will tell you how much they hate pakis and how the britmutt's law meme is a stale joke and they are just pretending to love pakis but the evidence speaks for itself in that Britain has always been and will be a nation of paki loving pakis
Yes lud
Needs amendments but I shall be reusing
posting in britfeel. it great
I'd shag Poley
You probably already have, had half the thread
and mihai settled in the craddle of human civilisation
a place he could call 'home'
https://youtu.be/61FPP1MElvE?t=79 [Embed] 
and he christened the nation zero one
Alri mihai R KID
Don't lie Poley, it's unbecoming.
We've met though
im waiting for weed
goodamn its the longest hours ever
you alright
what are you doing
Hi, Mayuri, but offended that I'm literally the only woman (or girl) here you haven't shagged 
Guess it's the Ottoman in you, conquering the whiter meat
What did you get seasideMARK for his birthday?
Finna sleeps now, work tomorrow 
I gifted him another day of life
goddamn alexis was a gooddess
shame she did so few anal scenes and ir scenes
Is poley still pretending to be a girl or is that gimmick over?
You might be right. Pre covid I didn't watch slags getting bum fucked, now I cum exclusively to ass fucked chicks.
Quality dropped more after you and ebin spammed attentionseekerFM on generals on other boards, inviting shit posters to the thread.
Fuck you.
Swing and a miss orignieneienellly
Alri lads just woke up what are you benders discussing today x
trannies, cock and SSM
just the same old spam and drivel lid
Might cop a bit of apuposting
Went to Whitby. Was nice. Whitby stands for White Settlement.
Just farted and it reaks of the burger I ate last night. Exact same flavouring and taste smells just like the burger. I bet its given me colon cancer the stupid bastards
Might go for a drive inna bit 
Lovely day for it
Just fartingtond again. WTF. it smells like the burger from last night is pressed against my nostrils. That shit cant have been healthy for me
Can't believe 4chan legend Poleaboo was posting in this VERY thread!
seasideMARK's farts smell like fish no matter what he eats
Not even joking
Sorry, I'm an arsehole, I should make effort to try and be a better poster.
One day fish and one day shit surely
My Apu is hard at work today trying to find out the origins of the wizza.
Any faggots need a mentally ill reclusive househusband hahaha... haha...
Based nanny removing all the BBC spam
You getting evicted flid lad?
Naples, lad, not that hard to find out.
Right de lids update on the situationtingberg. went and shitted out a poo and it honest to god smelled like that burger from last night was sizzling on a griddle right next to my face. What did they put in that wurger? Have I been poisoned?
Is that why Helen keeps buying him scented candles
Frosty Jackz is the worst poster here, even worse than Moni and Footlad
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/search/tnum/72988468/deleted/deleted/
Nanny went MENTAL in the last thread
It so sad
Why are most burgers over there made from ham?
Fuck off spamfag.
It was Broadbridge all along
Sad!
Yes yes all the posters are Local News Man
The fact that he was spamming like that for days on end is honestly sad. What a miserable little cunt.
Most spam is from the same faggot. It's been proven multiple times now.
0 proof this broadfag exists.
We've alreadty been through this chuds. I am every poster on britfeel except for (You). I work very hard and tirelessly to make it seem like theres other people
Just what Broadbridge would say!
Nice try broadbridge, you're fooling nobody.
It's definitely HIM! 
hes here 16 hours a day posing as numerous people in vague ways and if its a drivel post... its safe to assume its HIM!
Never forget it was HHL who invited Footmong in, gave him attention and gave him a reason to stick around here seething and raging and spamming in between bouts of wanking.
Why yes, I do spend 18 hours a day gooning and shitposting in britfeel, how could you tell?
Because you're a faggot?
One of the cringiest tropes in CV writing is when people say "I climbed a mountain. No I literally climbed [mountain in year x] which demonstrates my power and determination"
No senpai it demonstrated how much youre willing to go through for an instagram pic
There are a non-zero number of young people out there who believe that importing people en masse at a rate more than double the level of new house building has no effect on affordability. Supply and demand does NOT apply to housing, lads, thank goodness for that. All we need to do is price-control rents and property prices - worked in every third world commie shithole that's ever tried it.
There is nothing about CV writing that isn't cringe. It's a pointless humiliation ritual at this stage. Literally if you have the most experience in the field already and you aren't a TOTAL FUCKING RETARD in the interview then the job's yours. All the hundreds of other wankers who spend ages putting 'keywords' into their CV and 'spicing it up' are just fucking pathetic losers wasting their time for ZOGcorp drones to bin the second it lands in their inbox.
https://youtu.be/ylJqP4EEMpQ [Embed]
He got his raybans on hasn't he? He got his raybans on. He got his raybans on. He got his raybans he got the raybans. Have a guess what he's got on?
For the average person CV writing and the interview process is probably less to do with how smart you are but more to do with how socially cooperative you are. If you are willing to break your neck jumping through all these hoops bullshitting then youre going to do whatever it takes to bullshit more money for the company.
Or maybe I have a personality disorder im unaware of and im just a contriving dickhead
Mad to think Footlad has been here for about 3 years now
This is pretty much it. Really CVs are just an inefficient and feminine stand-in for actual exams that can test for how good you are at a job. IQ tests are illegal in almost all Western countries because they create racial disparities, but there's basically no better test you can give someone for general performance prediction in 90% of jobs that aren't immensely specialised - which themselves should be screened for with IQ tests alongside technical qualifications or demonstrable experience.
You want CV tips?, just watch nightcrawler. Louis Bloom is a real go getter.
He work for TikTok if that's alright with you de laad
my first interaction with him was asking if he could spoiler some of his fetish stuff because lads don't necessarily want to see that and he spammed the thread with grotesque feet and feeder fetish images as a take that.
Not a nice lad. Needless to say it was highly unwomfy.
There should be personality disorder tests too. If you accidentally hire a narcissist or psychopath they will purposefully try to slow down productivity as a whole (including colleagues) as a way to feel like theyre sticking it to the company and to feel like theyre powerful
He make funny videos
He make kids laugh
He cure depression
So get in deerre
You don't necessarily need a personality test since those are very vague and subjective, but what you should be able to do is fire an employee who is just fucking around and being a psychopath in the workplace without a fucking million tribunals and mediators and paperwork out the arse.
I find it very strange that when he posts vocaroos he sounds like a normal lad, he's even funny, but his standard day-to-day posts are fucking deranged even without the horrible porn spamming.
Trolls gonna troll my lad and Footlad is the biggest mentally unstable troll in britfeel
Being entirely honest, what i want is a harem of insane women, trannies, and crossdressing boys to become my wives and live in my house
this really is the worst ssm phase
He needs to stop acting like hes a toddlers entertainer
his haircut thing went viral because he wasnt trying. hes too stupid to work it out it make me sad. he so close to going viral if he can work it out. last piece of puzzle
wasn't it the second haircut one he'd done? so he was trying in that too. he's desperate to be an entertainer
Insanely based, add to that a bunch of completely fake trashy plastic/silicone bimbo types and hell yeah, the perfect harem.
Footlad is man I saw on news website
I heard flid's a milkman nowadays.
I wish SSM would leave tiktok shit on tiktok
Goons4Hire accusing him of being a nonce. Not on.
https://youtu.be/CY2cQpLIpQc [Embed]
LOL Shippy fat and walk funny
Stupid fucking clown has no clue on the law. Think there's something wrong with recording children in public. No law against it.
What a fucking twat, id love to spin that cunts jaw
People like that are going go take more rights away from the general public. Soon there there will be new laws that prohibit filming in public without good reason.
I'd like to see them try that on me. I could film anything within the scope of the law. That includes filming on beaches.
I specifically told my mum to buy the battered croquette potatoes and she went and bought the bread-crumbed ones instead. This level of incompetence will not go unremarked or unpunished.
Actually you can't because you don't have a phone. Why do you bore us with these little hypothetical dream arguments every day? You're obviously only doing the nonce angle for attention.
got my weed now
jesus christ and i took a lot of codeine too because i thought it wasnt gonna show up
may there be mercy on man and machine for their sins
Ahem, from the toppest shaggerer ITT (i.e., me!), I have a little message for all the non-shaggers out there: lol, fuck you losers I'm getting pussy and ass and head and you're not, if you haven't fucked a girl by age 16 you're simply ngmi
Shut the fuck up fat boy and eat what you're given.
As if I'm going to associate myself with this shit place once I start auditing.
And a reminder you older incels have missed out on girls in their prime. You will never know the feel of a tight pussy and best body.
Batter her with the croquettes.
*sips wuppa*
Yep. I'm on that wuppagrind. Not much else to say really.
I VERY SPECIFICALLY AND CLEARLY asked for the battered ones. The bread-crumbed ones are fucking terrible and everybody knows it. Batter >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> dogshit >>>> poley's selfies >>>> breadcrumbs.
Why even bother buying them? Why not just fucking vomit on my plate and serve it to me?
This is the best post I've seen in britfeel, ever.
Force a prepayment meter on me thugs. Just a way to charge the poorest to pay the highest prices per unit. How is that even legal?
Go punch your bedroom wall and get that frustration out fatty
Because the law is what power wants it to be. We're in full anarcho-tyranny mode, lad, in case you hadn't noticed. Don't expect reasonable laws, interpretations, applications etc.
Good job I checked, garden activities are put on hold for a week.
Howdy partner
Ass is perfectly acceptable, arse just reads and sounds like you're trying to sound posh or slow in the head.
The laws of the land should fit into a pocket pamphlet or a 1kb text file. If you need a professional class of scholars to decode and interpret libraries of petty laws it's already over.
FOY
What can be done about? Just complain in comments sections of news articles?
Those tyrants will nab you for any minor breach of some obscure law if you don't comply. It's fucked this country.
Do we really need gas? I rarely shower (could always use electric one occasionally). I can wrap up when it gets cold. Cooker and microwave are electric. If there is a gas issue, your whole house could be obliterated within seconds. Happened not far from me...sad thing is only the neighbours suffered (lost their limbs) but those with the faulty gas appliance survived.
Do we really need gas?
Yes. Net zero is retarded, hydrocarbons are better in literally every single way.
love microsoft
simple az
All of the neighbours lost all of their limbs? baka you hate to see it
I can't see us ever going to greener energy. At least not in our lifetime. Big oil doesn't like that one bit.
Have you ever pushed your bulbous, lubed-up cock head into a perfectly puckered, oily booty hole? Slowly and smoothly, savouring every second and making her moan. If you have then you'll know that people say 'ass' instead of 'arse' during sex, lad. Yeah it's an americanism, but who honestly gives a shit if you're fucking someone's ass?
I think so. One lost their arms and legs. It happened during the night when they were sleeping. Now there's just an empty patch between the houses where it happened.
Oh I know someone will be giving a shit right into your uretha. Enjoy your STI disgusting freak.
'Big Oil' is one of the biggest boogeymen ever constructed. The regime has made it very clear: net zero is the goal. This is shared by every single party, every single think tank, every single quango, every single NGO and every single supranational body. Oil companies are 'diversifying' into 'green tech' and have been for years. The problem is that 'green' is dogshit in every conceivable way and can never be effectively, reliably implemented at scale. Get ready for even further South Africanisation.
Imagine having to endure him in normal life. Just kill me.
I will. Anal sex is fucking amazing and the virgins who cry B-BUT WHAT ABOUT SHIT ON YOUR C-COCK seem incapable of grasping the concept of an enema. Never had shit on me dick and never will because my gf isn't some hillbilly retard who does anal without any prep.
Chuckled 
Footlad is going to die this weekend by his own hand IDST
how can i escape this picture
Comes to our country and drives rent prices up. Not right at all. Go back. We're full.
Garn de lid get stuck in. Im going to try get off the weer tonight. Had enough. I getting fat and it not lovely. I feel bad. Facking trousers barely fit me and im not buying new ones. Thatd be admitting defeat and allowing fat. That would be sad. Fresh start tomorrow R KID
What a fucking retarded slaphead.
Now, but at 1 point she was taking dicks without an enema, and had to be told to sort herself out.
This slaphead has a better body than you at least.
No, we were both virgins when we met and we've explored sex together. First time we wanted to do it she was very careful about prepping.
HHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHHAA, okay mate, I actually go to a gym and eat well rather than paying for synthol injections
seething over a masterchef man...grim
More like little chef, amarite.
Midget bants.
Your national insurance contributions go towards my mum's liquid hash.
HAHAHA fucking howling mate!!
What is MS like to live with?
good for her she getting stuck in
The goddamn gf really took the cake again today with her usual shit while on-call, the commitment and trust issues just keep piling up with her and she needlessly keeps bringing it up on me in true pathological textbook BPD fashion
Said she's not open to meeting up in [redacted] either and wants to meet in [redacted] now instead/said that only this arrangement would work for her. This would involve a pretty fucking hardcore trip for me (we're talking [redacted] hours here) - the most hardcore kind of trip i've ever done or am likely to ever do, in fact - but at the end of it i'd be rewarded with lots of pussy again, so it's a moot point more or less; Just need to plan the whole thing (every step of it) out in advance and be sharp + flexible during the journey itself too
But yeah, the woman REALLY is not doing the relationshit any favour with this pathological bullshit she keeps pulling on me out of the blue, and i told her as much (repeatedly) too. 
Long-term i don't even really see this thing going anywhere anymore thanks to her shitty behaviour and outlook she keeps displaying now, but i'm riding this bitch (quite literally) until the wheels come off lmao. Bit of a time and money investment for sure, but at the end of the day it's still a bit cheaper than visiting a prozzie i fink tbqfh
Yes mate didn't read any of that
So get in dere
bfs getting me a can of soda
i havent smoked weed in about month and my tolerance is way way down which is good
and thats why im excited a can of pop
any kind, it will be good
NGMI
You're actually forrin, but, we say pop over here.
losing my fucking mind today lads. beautiful day outside and the pub I wanted to go on a walk to is closed so im just sat inside bouncing off the fucking walls. So now I'm looking for jobs on indeed and want to kill myself because I'm a fucking unhirable loser with no qualifications or experience. I got rejected from a part time 8 hours a week retail job on Saturday. It was the second time I applied for the exact same role.
I wasn't even good enough to get a job a literal fucking retard could do.
Coooooaaarrrrr, Dakota Skye was such an anal maniac. Look at that tattoo!
RIP you damaged little anal brat.
Garn womf it up a little i fink 
Later on i shall be dropping a turdingham as well
Talking of drinks
I saw my local shop is selling Prime energy for fucking 9 quid a bottle kek
They keep it behind the counter with the cigarettes too
I want to try it but not at that fucking price
I am so sick of the government setting up endless, useless, pointless fucking 'hubs' everywhere for everything.
https://jaccusepaper.substack.com/p/shut-the-hubs?sd=pf
JUST FUCKING FIX THE PROBLEMS INSTEAD OF MAKING MORE QUANGOS AND BUREAUCRACY!
i know the many temrs
im not gonna call them fizzy drinks
i understand the meaning beyond soda and pop
did you know topo chico is an almost naturally carbonated water?
damn, didn't know she died, wanked to a few of her scenes back in the day, I thought she just retired
hello mr i live in switzerland
they still got the covid centres and have been changing them for other things like diabetes. it's so fucking scummy.
Aye it sad my lad
Only recently found out that Mike Adriano's porn partner Logan Long died
Real fucking shame that as he was a solid performer and always got the best of girls he worked with
Would love to sniff her shitter desu
hospitals not fit for purpose
set up useless 'health hubs'
police not fit for purpose and many stations closed to public
set up useless 'policing hubs'
school system not fit for purpose
set up useless 'education hubs'
crime disproportionately committed by a very small number of 'urban youths'
set up useless 'community hubs'
21.3% of adult population not working
set up useless 'skills hubs'
innovation stifled by intense oevregulation
set up useless 'innovation hubs'
businesses hampered by same regulation
set up useless 'business hubs'
set up useless 'equality hubs'
It's just pathetic. The government is retarded and needs to be cleared out and replaced by competent people who have the national interest in mind.
she's dead, lad, has been for years
probably smells pretty grim at this point
Some new dude was supposed to start at my work tomorrow but he dropped out. And a young woman is joining instead yess
Good to see our NI contributions helping pay for diabetes medications.
There's something so fucking hot about girls who get ultra-slutty tattoos. The best one around is definitely Kristy Black who has 'I love anal sex' as a tramp stamp and 'fuck me' above her pussy.
get in there chad.
She's not going to fuck you, lad. Don't get your hopes up.
Some of you lads are awfully passionate about the old wornography
I know some of the goonposting can seem hyperbolic, but I literally am a porn-addicted gooner and I fucking love reveling in it. Porn is my life desu. I have an encyclopedic knowledge of it.
Alri wrosty lid. Just been doing some cleaning around the gaff in me free time today, that's the good thing about being NEET you see, lots of free time wahey. Will be heading off for some din dins soon then watching the wooty. It's a lovely.
We all need fresh start in life x
I already have a girlfriend, just like seeing woman
Any L O N D O N lids here?
Which pubs/bars/music venues do I go to if I wanna chat up art hoes/art school students in their early 20s?
Preferably South London but places in East/North are cool too
I touch grass a lot but everyone I meet is 25+
Alri CasualUK post stealer lad
eh bf got me an american pineapple fanta can
its fine
its just ive had it before
excuse the nails but yeah theyre not gonna be clean if im rollings things all the time
Matt, take off that hoodie, you've been wearing it for days and it needs a wash you stinky binky
This is an Online Harm, mate.
Yeah. Its the law.
The Law specifically states
The Law is very clear
The Law is absolutely crystal clear, mate
That what you're doing is offensive behaviour yeah, its illegal
Do you understand that? ... , mate?
I am just trying to do my job
Its my job to enforce the law
The Online Safety Bill (2023) says that Online Harms might be going on this Area
Its not about joking mate, its not about that
Look, yeah, look, we love a bit of banter
But lets be clear where the line is drawn
There are paedos online mate, there are paedophiles, using the computer
And there are kids, mate.
Kids; online.
Yeah?
And its my job
Its my job, mate,
To make sure everyone is enjoying themselves, and staying safe
It is my responsibility to make sure everyone stays safe
So, its alright to have a laugh
Its alright to tell jokes
But if you're being disrespectful
Yeah
If there's some disrespectful behaviour going on
Or Abuse.
That's where we might want to get involved
Cause its not on
Yeah, especially if that abuse is racial in nature
Or discriminating against people
Alright.
Now, how would you like it
how would you like it to happen to you,
Yeah, if you were a Mum
A mum; yeah
And you were an M.P
She's a Mum who's an MP, mate
And someone sent you Abuse
Someone logs on behind The Computer Screen and writes vile abuse about you on TwitterorFaceBook
Someone logs onto The Metaverse and writes viledisgustingcomments
How does that Mum feel?
Imagine how it feels to be a politician and get criticised.
Yeah,
Wonder how long it took him to write all that. Poor lad's got too much time on his hands.
it's a copy and paste job from a substack, I recognise it
Phwoar fockin ell just had to take a loperamide thanks to some explosivearse semi-diarrhea
loperamide is part of a pornstar's anal scene prep
the more you know
Your time is free 24/7
Swear to fuck if she actually manages to trash the relationshit despite me best efforts i'm going to go for the first low-maintenance whale or desperate single mom roastoid that cums along 
There's a reason she's a self-professed """asketic""", and it's not a pretty one. And there's only so many times i can tell her that she needs to put in the work/needs to want it to work too, told her to stop half-assedly apologizing for this shit in hindsight and just cut it out altogether/for good now since it's actually starting to piss me off and hurting the relationshit at this point
The lunchingtonhamshire has been thrown into the microwave
Proper good this
Why are you so obsessed with anal sex? Was your bumhole fingered when you were a a little'un?
Gonna ingest the tinnibbas in 5
Why are you so obsessed with frogs? Did a frog lay frog spawn up your arse when you were a little'un?
Exactly how it should be.
anal is based as fuck
the women is uncomfortable and you get a tighter grip, plus no pregnancy risk
Imagine basing your entire identity around a smelly fat middle-aged man. 
Not even just purely an online identity because this spammer has no life outside of 4chan.
Why would you want that?
Don't get why people are so worked up about this emergency alert. It's a 10 second inconvenience.
Boomers gonna boom I suppose.
It's another creeping imposition on our lives by the ever expanding anarcho-tyrannical nanny state. There are some people out there who cannot even conceive of a country where the state isn't active in every single aspect of everyone's lives to unprecedented degrees we see today.
Because covid accelerated how easily people get into conspiracy shit and goes skitz. People think it's a malignant example of government overreach. Plus, they get to act smug when they tweet they've turned off the ability to receive emergency comms on their phone
Based. RAnge loves it up the bum and that's good enough for me!
Rather have the state active in my life than some private corporation. At least the state can be held accountable at elections.
The duality of britfeel
Remember when people thougt 5G was being used to mind control people lmao. It's insane shit like that makes people reject genuine conspiracies.
Do you honestly believe this lad?
what are some genuine conspiracies we should all believe?
her R is the wrong way.
Move out of london that was your first mistake
Not so much a conspiracy theory but the world is run by right wing financial and political elite destroying the climate, society and the livelihood of everyone else for profit
US/Britain funded a false flag staged chemical attack in Syria to justify military intervention back in 2013. Remember seeing the videos of fake dead kids getting back up then laying down again like it was some movie. Seen the same videos on BBC news the next day (as dead victims). Fucking blew me mind.
That's just one off the top of me head but there are lots of others tbqh.
go on...
Live in London with parents I'm 24, on 23k. Can't afford to move out despite having 2 other friends to find a place. Don't want to move out of London just yet because girlfriend is at uni here. Fucking sucks man
Fucking stagnant
If cumming into a cooch without condom on wouldn't feel so goddamn amazing no man would go through the trouble of dealing with femoid bullshit in the first place
The day AGI sexbots with fully functional lab-grown realistic vaginas become a thing it's going to be over for femoids kek
Use the time to save some monies.
Do your own research liddington. I'm not your teacher. Cheers x
Aye yea and I'm not a big spender but I want to live independently immediately. Goddamn it
Mum has had an abscess in her tooth for like two weeks and it's causing her tons of pain. Had an appointment to get it removed today but when she got there turns out they had a new receptionist who, for literally no reason, cancelled her appointment and gave it to some random other person. Now they won't be able to see her until the 15th of May.
Absolute fucking joke. No refund, no price reduction, no emergency appointment slot, just a 'sorry, see you in a month' and nothing.
My poor mum is in tons of pain and this fucking bitch completely fucks her over for no reason.
Damn, that's scummy af. I'd consider changing your dental practice or go private. Better than being in pain 24/7.
How long till your gf finishes uni?
You could always put your foot down and tell her you're moving, then when she complains, say, it's like what the fossilised woman had, tough tits, now pack yer bags, we're moving.
You've never left Germany?
Another year I think. But she's got family here and quite frankly, this city is my home, I know it like the back of my hand and I'd be lying if I said I didn't love it (and hate it almost equal measure). I know London is extraordinarily expensive, but pretty much any decent city is creeping up in price. The thought genuinely makes me feel hopeless and angry and I feel utterly useless about it.
She just can't afford it and while I could for her I've had some very large expenses recently so I don't have the money to spare to take her private. Changing dentists is not feasible as well because all public healthcare in this country is fucked beyond belief and nobody can get on the list for a new dentist/GP.
Shit sucks.
How big is you apu folder, lads?
I'm at 513, a fair amount I'd say.
Use that time to save up, you could even be hardcore and stay at your parents for another year when she's finished. I know it's double the wait, and double the headache, but also potentially double the savings.
He has direct replies filtered
1615 and counting. Pic related is latest Apu.
Her parents are wealthy foreigners and basically paying for her to live in zone 1. Maybe I'll just move in with her...
Thing is though, I know a fair amount of people who are on min wage and living in house shares (not with strangers - people they know) and they seem alright. But this was before the bills all went up last year. Tough shit ain't it?
Being scared of pregnancy risk is a massive turn off for women.
I use HHL's mega apu folder which is just over 1k
Is that what they call Jews these days?
