Any lucky fucks here ?
here's mine btw
I dont see how having a lot of women in your class is lucky. I also worked a job where I was one of the only males with tons of cute female coworkers. It isnt lucky, actually its just immense suffering. Like starving to death and having a bunch of food around but you are never allowed to eat even a single crumb. Like dying of thirst and every day you get to see people chugging down water and you cant even get a single drop.
no bingo but i do think i am pretty damn lucky. the bingo is flawed see >>72993495. also ive never tried to grow a beard and getting things because you know someone has more to do with being friendly and open than being lucky.
i forgot image lol sorry
I guess if it happens too late it's not a blessing but having 50% female class during MS or HS is a cheat code to get a gf or female friends who will generate even more gfs. Also what was your dramatic event
I've had quite a few but the one I had in mind was having a mental breakdown, destroying a family members car and house, injuring my own mother to the point she had to get stitches. Trying to kill myself afterwards. Others were being robbed at gunpoint, getting attacked by a group of people, getting kicked out of college because I got in a fight and then being homeless and losing everything I owned.
I only ever get 4s or lower when I roll dice in anything :[
I'm talking about the "my uncle works at Nintendo" kind of deal but if you made friend with someone knowing it would get you somewhere, that's not luck for sure...
I think this is a better way of determining if you're a loser than the loser bingo
also this
(((female friends))) are not real and won't get you a gf if you're an uggo
i got lucky genetically and being born into decent money. besides that im an adhd retard who dropped out of uni and always been socially outcast. i know i should be happy but ive still managed to fuck it up. thing is the money doesnt really make you happy and i dont really know if people treat me any better for my looks since i was a late bloomer and only started looking good in late high school, most of which was online. ive never had girls show any interest in me so ive never had a gf. things will probably pick up for me at some point but the way im living now sucks. id trade it all for friends and a family of my own. thats the only shit that matters at the end of the day
Didn't get nice rolls
