please let us be retarded, we have nowhere else to go
hi cata i hope you're taking good care of yourself
its not cata, its cataconica
this felt so right. so funny yet so deep and true. do you mind if i lay my head in this thread? i have nowhere else to go
this thread doesn't have the vibe of correcting people's errors, but rather one of accepting our inadequacies.
Why not try to be better?
recovered from your hangover then
hahahaha how did you know
how often are you getting drunk cata?
why are you such a manslut?
holy fucking based, im kneeling
if one girl would eat up all the energy i have for giving to women, then i would gladly give it all to that one woman, but nobody wants to deal with me all that much on a regular basis.
do you even get feet pics?? cuz i dont think so
i've never asked a woman for feet pics.
Anyways Sigmund Foid, glad to see you back. I remember you posting that you were gone from this place forever.
i have always been a moid and i never left. just stopped namefagging. glad you remember me tho
i've been occasionally kekking to myself over your name. good pun.
you are actually pretty cool, pizza delivery anon. i wish you would deliver me pizza, and i hope you find one girl who would eat up all the energy you have for giving women. 
ps. i ask women for feet pics a lot
I am retarded due to FAS and my low IQ but I am welcome here more than any other site like reddit anyway
so i'd say you are too
thanks anon, i wish there were more anons in my delivery area.
/r9k/ is the best board on the internet and you are very welcome to be here!
Thanks a lot you are a good person
and I love pizza so you are doubley good
catatonica is funny. is she cute? anybody know?
Been drinking everyday for the past few weeks (up from a few times a week) 
Wbu
I'm a weirdo who lurks /soc/ since foids often like attention whoring there
I try to analyze each writing styles and 
make assumptions such as picrel eyes maybe belonging to catatonica
i haven't really been drinking as much, i'm trying to get better at least mentally for now and it was a big distraction
proof i'm undetectable :D
Brutal, bro. You got ignored by her twice in a row,
What have you been doing for mental health purposes?
that's kinda it besides brushing my teeth a little more frequently
a few steps at a time...
it almost doesn't matter because i got more attention than her in her own thread lol. if she keeps posting she'll take the lead again though, i'm going to work in 15 minutes. finally back down to 5 day work weeks
shit i forgot today.
thats a dwight schrute looking bitch i'd like to breed and flee xDD
Maybe but then again this could be a ruse...
Anywho you can't keep it up forever. you'll slip up. you'll expose yourself ONE DAY
You were trying to court her, don't lie
I like your name, Sigmund Foid.
is there an attention olympics on r9k i was not aware of
thank you, i'm a mentally ill genius
hahahahahahahahahahha he's coping so hard
When is there not?
You caught me, but it still doesn't matter. The chance of any of these /r9k/ fembots actually dating me (like not some weird e-date thing either) is so absurdly small that any courtship done here can only be done tongue-in-cheek.
He lacks the charm you naturally have by being a North African BULL. 
It's r9k and everyone in this thread is an avatarfag or namefag. You all love attention, stop kidding yourselves
It's okay, brother. I was only messing with you, I hope you find love man. You deserve it
I have decided to tripfag. How are we all doing today?
i told you already, it's a slippery slope you're on
regardless, welcome to the circlejerk olympics
You all love attention, stop kidding yourselves
nothing to be ashamed about, really. 
it's not a competition cata, i was just saying that i'm not leaving your thread dissatisfied with the attention i received. I hope you continue to grow on people and make a friend or two.
hahahaha pizza delivery anon is so christ like. he always turns the other cheek and ppl who've been deeply cruel immediately apoligizes and bless him lol
MINDBROKEN
which country in north africa are u from 
holy fuck this is painful rn i'm waiting for my dad to come back with the car because it has all my empty cans in the trunk so i can trade them in and get more booze now today is giga ropefuel and i can't do it sober
He's /ourguy/. The namefag all robots are all rooting for and living vicariously through. He tries and tries whereas we've all given up. Everyone wants to see an underdog win
i want to become a namefag as well and become friends with you all how do i do that?
it costs me nothing to do so. Sometimes when my coworkers set up Ligma jokes, or of that kind, I purposefully walk into them so they can have the amusement of getting one off.
kumagawa, i feel like you're my reverse wingman, and you're always in the threads where i talk to femoids to make me look a little worse. You're dependable in the sort of way you'd expect bread mold to be.
Kumugawa is Moroccoan and I'm Algerian. The only difference between Moroccans and Algerians is Algerians are planning on establishing a Sultanate in France in 2080 as confirmed by my brothers on /int/ whereas Moroccans will be left behind in the deserts of Africa. InchaAllah
pizza, not saying this in a mean way, i'm just curious. are you autistic? i get from you the vibes of that cool sperg on love on the spectrum that loved meditation.
picrel
Oh yeah, I do remember you telling me that. Honestly, I tried tripfagging a bit but I really don't see the appeal. Maybe if I keep doing it I'll start to though. Why do you do it?
a lot of people ive met from algeria didnt like it
he >>72993484 knows me too well, I dont currently live there though
if you werent so lame and cringe with women maybe i wouldnt be able to do that. Truth is you primarily post in female threads, same thing with another avatarfag we all know and love, and it's just something I find lame, r9k isnt the place to pick up women, and even if it WAS you're not doing a good job
France is 100x better than Algeria. Algeria is horrible, the only good thing about it as a French citizen is that I can find a wife there whenever I want thanks to my passport
he destroyed you so fucking hard i think you should leave r9k for at least 6 months. and another 6 months for being exposed as a morocan lmao
Pizza man is the biggest creeper of r9k right now for sure, makes it even worse hes putting up some wholesome image while actively just hunting girls on here
I'm a chronic observer and lore compiler so I become a fan of a few and you're one of them. I pray to Allah the lord of the Heavens we both meet in France and get to practice black magic with each other just for the culture (no homo)
Aspire so close enough, but I'm at work now so I'm probably done in this thread.
Kumagawa-kun is okay. My response to him is that my terrible game is a blessing to the girl who ends up with me because I won't be sleeping around much.
whats your opinion on (east) bengalis
I agree, I like being a fool here.
Not much. My favorite Desis are Sindhis and desu anon, Nafris are not like the stereotypical opinianated racist Arabs you're used to probably hating on you. We're the only Arabs that probably marry West Africans fairly often
NOOOOOOOOO, ITS OVER FOR ME HOW CAN I SHOW MYSELF EVER AGAIN, ANON TELL ME HOW DO I RECOVER FROM THIS, PLEASE IM BEGGING
That's what im saying, it's so obvious he's on the hunt and yet he's playing the nice innocent guy and its kinda yucky
stop it you're going to make me blush anon
do you mean the women? i'm not really into indian chicks
I met my one and only ex gf on r9k, it's possible if you're okay with long distance. What if Pizza anon truly is nice and sweet?
I'm sure he's actually a nice enough guy but you'd have to be a complete retard to trust anyone here. Anyone who's smart should be wary of anyone here that seems nice
I have never been secretive about my intentions and my wholesomeness is genuine. I don't see how it makes me a creep. You guys call me out on it like I'm some kind of Scooby Doo villain.
true, the nicer someone on 4chan presents as the more malicious they likely are
Yeah but what other option do incels have?
i don't know why i do it, i was supposed to quit a long time ago. i guess i just have nothing better to do, it feels better to post than to interact with nobody all the time
like in general nigga 
also women from east bengal can be pretty https://youtu.be/TD1N0PUFtT0 [Embed]
alright fuck it its my turn
how did that motivate you? hope u have fun anyway
i just thought itd be funny to join the club lolz. i forgot my password already so its over
