chronic masturbator since 16
masturbated to sick stuff
stop masturbating 5 years ago
have wet dreams randomly at night
can even happen during naps
doesn't matter the place I sleep in, or how I sleep 
can be triggered by watching any degree of erotic material, or no material at all
completely random. As little as a day, or as long as months
doesn't matter the underwear I use. Can be tight or loose
Porn has completely killed my brain, forever
How old were you when you stopped? Have you tried reading the Bible or any other holy texts?
I stopped precisely because I re-entered the Church. Am a practicing Catholic, I pray and read the Bible everyday, but no luck. 
It's embracing to talk about to this, and I don't know anybody who experiences this. It makes me feel like am a prepubescent and brings back memories of the stuff I watch and the things I did out of lust.
I take it as a punishment from God
similar issue, anon. my fetish is such an integral part of my life that it really does get in the way of every potential relationship, even if i can interact with women just fine. have you tried therapy? i haven't personally but i've heard it helps and at the very least i'd like to talk to someone about it
does this actually work? i've tried to get religious so many times but i just don't think i can trick myself into believing in it. i completely agree with the philosophy, just have no faith. 
:(
faith is like a grains in the field. You have to grow it, nurture it, feed it, water it, shelter it from danger, and you can't do it alone. For me and many others, the Catholic Church helps immensely in all of those aspects, even if I still have stuff to deal with.
With regards to therapy: I used to go for years. When I decided to stop masturbating the shrink said that it was healthy for me to masturbate and watch porn. That was the last day I went to a shrink
but is the "danger" truth? everytime i question my faith i do it with legitimate questions, and the logic always works out in favor of agnosticism
No, thats a sign that your balls are working, you retard. If you dont milk it out it comes out when you sleep. Id be a problem if you ever fucking regularly and it still happened
by danger I mean stuff that directly attacks or undermines the faith. Atheists, satanists, positivists, or any other groups
Questions and doubts can have anybody, and many of those questions can be answered by many apologists. The nature of the nature of Christ, or the Trinity, or the incarnation, even creation itself can be answered by many theologians
Ngl, that's kinda hot, anon. The idea of a guy this horny turns me on.
be gone temptress
do you think i could find a competent theologist at my local church?
You have to grow it, nurture it, feed it, water it, shelter it from danger
It's really telling when religious people try to convince you to delude yourself and protect yourself from the blatant contradictions of your new found delusions.
I've been thinking about this (read touching myself) and I think the hot part is how you don't want to be so horny, but literally can't help it. Your true nature is revealed at your most vulnerable hour.
those are the types of things that turn me on, too. that's why i think my sex addiction is so dangerous for me- it's a neverending cycle of degeneracy that perpetuates itself by manifesting in a fetish for hedonism. when i'm not high i'm extremely active and try to do anything i can to avoid indulging in any vices, but when i smoke or just give in to something it snowballs. with that being said stop jerking off to my woes u perv (or at least stop telling me about it)
am not horny. I don't have a urge to masturbate or fuck. It's completely involuntary
I don't know where you are, but if you are in a big city for sure you have a Catholic Church near you. There you can talk to the priest no problems (they have years of formation and training on the Faith).
not everybody is a trained theologian to combat the lies said about Christ and her Church
In the same way parents shield their kids from stuff they can't handle, you should protect your faith
Wet dreams are repressed horniness, anon.
it's not, it's the devil
