someone on /x/ told me the 2000s were the garden of eden and we live in a shit world now because we all sinned. 
kinda weird how apple was the downfall of society too.
Understandable coming from a Zoomer that can't remember anything before the 2000's, or the early 2000's in much detail.
I was able to observe the world around me in mid and late 2000s and the feeling I remember is that people got along better. Gender and race relations seemed a lot better and people in general seemed more reasonable. I also get this impression from media from the time and also from the life outlook of my older siblings and cousins. Would you say that that's an accurate view of the social climate at the time?
gender and race stuff were certainly not as bad as they are now.
I mean, ideologues were still around in universities and politics and education, etc. but it hadn't seeped to the level of the ordinary person yet.
I distinctly remember it started with the recession in 2008. almost everything seemed to start to go to shit from that point on. the weirdos were already making noise online but with the occupy wall street thing it really entered the mainstream, they turned that occupy thing into their own platform for divisive politics and people started to join the other extreme pretty quickly. it seemed so fast that it felt like even the right-wing guys weren't radicalized or anything, it was just the excuse they needed to go full mask-off.
my theory is that it was already bubbling in the schools and universities and the recession was just the little push that it needed to come out into the open as millennials came out of those schools and colleges fully brainwashed at that time.
things have gotten noticeably worse, but the seeds were planted a long, long time ago. If you knew where to look you could have easily predicted the trajectory of our society. . People had made pretty accurate projections in the literature of last century, and they say Nietzsche was among the first to feel the anxiety of our age. But I argue it goes back even further. There are 4000 year old texts that are still relevant. But the thing is, our progress (or descent depending on your pov) through history isn't such a linear thing that it just goes from good to bad or vice versa, there are cycles within cycles within cycles operating. There can be decay in some areas while others prosper. There has been a general trend to our development if you look at it from a wide enough lens, but from a human perspective, it's easy to get caught up in narratives. Because we operate on really short frames of time, but evolution and history happen on long, long timescales. You have to take a step back and look at the bigger picture.
Things were good in the 2000s. They probably will be again. But at the same time the foundations for our current predicament was being laid. The rapid digitization of society, the start of many armed conflicts, the continued separation of man from nature, financial crises all over the world. the West was having a cultural golden age, but that's all. dont let that kind of thing distract you from where we're going.
Thats funny, I dont remember 2 world wars and a series of smaller scale wars happening decades before the creation of man in genesis.
i was ahead of my time and became blackpilled about the current state of the world from a young age because of this website. this fucking website is always 4 steps ahead of mainstream culture. it doesnt mean anything though, i'm not important. i'm just along for the ride and im only getting older. i see people IRL who still feel confused about the world
