I want a fembot gf who I can make my bimbo fucktoy. I will pay for you to get a tit job, buy you luxury bags or whatever but you have to be okay with being my fucktoy
I used to want romantic love but I dont care anymore 
Inb4 some faggot tries one upping me because they were too stupid or afraid to make a thread
Oh yeah and you have to cook for me so I make gains and we will be gym partners 
I own my house and a home gym btw
I want everything this faggot wants but I workout, I am a boxer and have a well paying job, I can do everything this nerd can do but w romance aswell
fembot here and you both need to have sex incels
Tit or gtfo hore
I am a fembot but I dont want a boob job I want liposuction
Would a woman even want this? What is wrong with you
What you want is irrelevant.
Which part of "bimbo fucktoy" got you confused?
This is why you will never have sex with any of the fembots
Fembot dont exist you massive homo
Oh no, not the status quo.
Please anything but that.
To threaten to take something away YOU MUST GIVE IT FIRST!
Dear Cthulhu, you cuntoids are retarded.
Fembots do exist (usually fat and ugly)
It's femcels who don't exist.
why did you make this thread then you faggot
I didn't.
I just responded to your retardation.
No woman would ever agree to this
Im a woman and I look like this haha
Ugly bitch should be forced to breed with robots
don't do this. female loyalty does not exist. this is not a misogynistic exaggeration. they literally lack it and only know what it means because they looked it up in a dictionary. if you aren't their offspring then they don't give a flying fuck about you. they don't even care about their own female friends.
incels truly are vile but that is hot
Its what like $5k? Not that big of a deal
Most fembots will only do this if the guy is hot or take the boobjob and run away
No fembot would do this lol you know that
I would take it and do that but I need big ones
You wont get anything foid
This may be the worst thread ever made, congrats.
no one cares what you think bitch foid
Im interested OP but Im a mtf.. is that okay?
I can do better than op and double his offer
i would unironically do this as long as it was kept on the down low.
maybe that's a job opportunity for once i actually hit rock bottom hmmm
Why would I brag about it? I dont use social media
foids have more dignity than this OP is pathetic
a lot of men love showing off what they did with who, it doesn't hurt to be a little bit careful around men kek
I think youd like showing off yourself but honestly not really id rather cuck other women with you. since women are competitive some are bound to try flirting, id play along then cuck them and show them how much I take care of my baby.
But I dont want to talk to other women so I wouldnt do that either.
btw forgot to mention braces are thrown into this package if your teeth need work
kek
