get trans gf
nice relationship
everything going well
she has a cute voice really high and girly
one day playing a game together
she loses to me
says "fuck" in a really manly voice
shocked
instantly lose all attraction
what should I do bros?
not date men if you aren't attracted to them
Don't date mentally ill men putting on an act?
Also:
Trans "gf"
Her
She
Stop fucking buying into their delusion you dumb faggot.
The voice training doesnt work 100% of the time
Tell him you don't like men anymore
trans
she
YWNBAW
Oh no no no no no its over trannybros...
date a man pretending to be girl
find out he's a man pretending to be a girl
How did this happened to me?
Trans girl here, your reaction is understandable desu
Maybe just wait till it's no longer fresh in your mind
Orders a fake hamburger
Bites into fake hamburger
"Hey! This isn't a hamburger, it's plastic!""
OP this is literally you. You are this retarded.
something like this happened with a trans friend of mine
it threw me off but i thought it was pretty cool actually
like they could switch over and intimidate me out of nowhere.
Kick your gf in the balls
My situation is slightly different because I am bisexual and even when my r9k gf is in her boymoder getup, she has long beautiful hair and looks very girly and cute. Howthoughever, when I go to stay with her grandparents, she will be presenting fully masc because she is not yet out to them. We love each other so much I am confident it won't affect our relationship. Especially because when we're alone She'll be wearing a cute maid uniform and lacy black lingerie lole
That makes me not want trannies anymore at any moment they could chimp out like a regular guy and kill me
Cute, don't teach this board too much about what boymoding is though
I suppose it's possible but trans women don't usually chimp out like that
KEK op fell for the psyop so hard it's unreal
I often try to give advice when people seem to lack knowledge in an area or they ask for help but I know what you mean about trying to teach this board anything progressive. I've won like 20v1 arguments where I'm the 1 defending tranners lol. The /pol/tards almost never care about science, studies, or reasoned conversation. They'll just post soijaks or a collage of the most ugly/nonpassing reddit tranners they found. Loud minority of reddit/twitter tranners who are un-self-aware, commies, extremely low IQ, etc. that they focus on. Most tranners just want to get on with their day, not be harassed, and have family, friends, and lover who accept them.
Yeah, it's always the same arguments from the /pol/ crowd, but I'm trying keep from teaching them too much that they could use against us
Like what? You have some secret grooming discord?
trans gf
she
Wrong, because he is a man.
Fun fact: that tranny detransitioned.
No, I mostly just want to keep /tttt/ culture from leaking out onto 4chan generally. Also, it's for the best that 99 percent of the world's population doesn't know what a "boymoder" is
Oh look, it's the Madoka trannies again. It just further proves that mentally ill people watch anime.
Oh, almost forgot the threadly reminder.
I wonder what got the digits 
DAE BALDING UNATTRACTIVE TRANS WOMEN DON'T PASS???
good for him, unironically
I think you are larping as always anon but thanks I had a great laugh reading this.
I've won like 20v1 arguments where I'm the 1 defending tranners lol. The /pol/tards almost never care about science, studies, or reasoned conversation.
Anon plz.
The /pol/tards almost never care about science, studies, or reasoned conversation.
Just like trannies.
Nah I'm not, feel disgusted with myself
just looking at that female skeleton hips/pelvic bone gives me instant boner. This is the power of science, no trans woman will be able to accomplish this effect on me
fuck you my hrt can change my pelvic bones
unironically just kill yourself at this point-
You should probably head back to plebbit is what you should do, anon (newfag). No one really cares about fags here tbqfhwyfamalam desu oregano
This board has a fag general that gets 300 replies
which one? r9gay? i have that filtered
