Do you know where your oneitis is tonight?
lmao. Focusing on one girl is fucking stupid
Hopefully getting dicked down by a hung chad while I masturbate to the thought of sitting by her bedside kissing her feet
lol
honestly, dude's future wives are out here literally blowing random strangers for blow
lol
seriously. your future wife is chad's disposeable onahole. she flirts with all kinds of guys, engages in social media hypergamy monkeybranching, falls in love with tiktok chads and korean eboys, and fucks strangers in college parties
this is your future, or you die alone. just lol
seriously, men are SO FUCKING KEKED. honestly. honest to god. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMrruvN56HA [Embed]
Dunno...I more or less ruined our friendship because I had her and another, mutual friend over and was depressed that oneitis would seemingly never return my affection, so out of desperation I fucked mutual friend with oneitis one room over.
She blew a gasket and refused to talk to either of us ever again.
probably having sex with someone with a smaller dick than mine lol
Niggas whom haven't moved on from their self-intitled "oneitis" should be gulag'd
she's likely playing hockey and/or drinking
or she's seeing a guy that I know little about, but I've heard her mention his name many times at work now. Not sure she's dating him. I cannot help but be jealous, but then I realize it's not my place. Haven't asked her specifics on the guy, as I don't want to make my interest in her known. I've just developed a crush on this girl after having worked with her for a long time. You get comfortable with someone you are around all the time. 
I had hoped that maybe things might turn into something. I likely had been misreading any signs from her. I allowed my desire for things to happen between us to cloud my judgment of what was actually happening. Assume she just views me as a friend and co-worker she likes to be on shift with. I'd rather not make things awkward regardless. Never made a move. Never have with any woman. She was one of the only things keeping me at this job, so now I'm probably going to look elsewhere.
