that titcow that grew massive cowtits and had bigger tits than all of her classmates combined
Now that you mention it, I never really understood why so many guys obsessed over her.
what about her?
originally
because she mogged everything around her
because when she had to solve something on the board your friend gave you a knowing look
because missed out half of PE for some reason and everybody knew what she was doing
that's hitting a bit too close to home, anon :(
I want to return to that time.
I want to come back from summer wondering if she finally stopped growing. I want to hide my painful boners when she moved suddenly. 
No fertile hormone filled girls around me anymore
when she had to solve something on the board your friend gave you a knowing look
Never happened.
missed out half of PE for some reason and everybody knew what she was doing
May I have happened, but I never noticed or cared.
it's not fun from the other side anon, you didn't miss out
you were handed bioweapons
you not knowing what to do with them or how to navigate them is your fault, not the bioweapons fault
how fat are your milk tanks?
fat enough to destroy my self confidence
why are you self conscious about being more womanly than others?
Can you imagine broadshouldered tall guy being conscious about it?
Are you lesbian? Were you touched as a kid? Did your mother bully you for needing bras?
Are you lesbian? Were you touched as a kid? Did your mother bully you for needing bras?
no/yes/yes
things werent fun
act like the body you were given
it will start sagging soon and by the time you're 40 you'll stop being hot like the rest of us
you truly dont know the damage to my self worth it's done to me lol
I have an idea.
Titcows are always fucked in the head in some way. One I knew developed humiliation and exhibitionism fetishes, you'd never guess she was like that. And she never acted on them. You probably have a fucked up fetish or some sort of self harm going on.
Maybe you dream about getting masectomy and buzzing your hair.
I know what my fucked up fetish is, by the time im 30+ it'll be easier so I just have to ride it out
Well at least you won't chop them off. I always love it when big tiddy retards chop their tits off "that'll show em!".
Then the catharsis wears off and they realize they're not valued for their "soul".
And the reason they were groped, followed and masturbated to under desks is because they were worth masturbating to, unlike the rest of unremarkable human fodder.
What's your fetish? Degradation?
What fetish would be easier for a woman to fulfil at 30+?
What's your fetish? Degradation?
more or less
no im saying by the time im that age, I can comfortably say my good looks are downhill
that's the standard vanilla woman ROM
unless its about dehumanizing you and only focusing on your tits
it's more specific but I wont say it here, but it's degradation essentially.
idk why it caught me, something in the female psyche?
why not? you like being indulged stop being coy
women develop masochistic self centered obsessions, men develop sadistic object oriented obsessions, especially when they don't develop in healthy enviroment
Oh I won't deny that. But I refuse to say the specifics as I dont want to get Banned is all.
Just imagine female degeneracy around the middle/high school age and add on a desire for popularity and you've got it
you get banned for posting your face not for sharing sexual fantasies
you under estimate my paranoia
You suffer from protagonist syndrome. 
Out with it
I legit dont want to be banned
Alright, no more dopamine for you. I'm gonna jerk off amd go back to work
Im not trying to be a tease here, I'm just paranoid about the banhammer.
It's the thing 'white women' are stereotyped for
Well that was a waste of time following this thread then
If you say so, anon. Originally
Bring back female beatings.
Disgusting
Disgusting
Never claimed not to be, in my defense I didn't just 'pick it up'
Bring back female beatings.
Hell i'd probably be into that, I'm fucked up
Im not in it to get off but id like to consensually beat you so I can get my hate towards women out
I think it would be healthy for both of us.
I think it would be healthy for both of us.
unironically
Just say what cup size you are already. 
My guess is that your fetish is getting gangbanged by a bunch of pretty boys, be harassed because of your tits and used as a cumdump. 
I hate it, so much. Why js this so common? I can be degrading, but I don't want to hurt someone I like.
no that's not what I was.... encouraged to pick up.
I'm an F cup, was a D at 13. See how things could go poorly for me?
When can we have our therapy session baby? I may have to hate fuck you after the fact because youre nice enough to let me beat the shit out of you
I thought she was into fucking dogs
F cup?
I had a classmate with tits the size of volleyballs, she couldn't go downstairs faster than grandma.
don't tempt me with a good time, anon.
Hope you like incessant weeping
Bingo.
Also, poor girl
Anon. 
That is literally the ideal cup size for me. 
It's not bad. 
Idk why you're being so reserved about it. It's literally anonymous, you won't get banned. 
But anyway, idek what the problem is here. You got mistreated, sorry it happened.
How did that even happen?
How were you encouraged to fuck dogs?
Thats fine, I will comfort you and make you dinner or something to cheer you up
Then Ill beat the shit out of you again and we can do our consensual abusive relationship and live happily ever after.
, sorry it happened.
thanks anon. I'm reserved because i adapted and learned to like it. all aspects of it. The attention, the act itself.
I'm fucked up
Older guys bent on making an eager girl do whatever they felt like
I bet I cook better than you do, but you better hit my chest. It's one of the things that gets me off
How many times have you had consensual sex?
fuck that's hard to answer, mostly because on how to classify it as consensual
I really am a dumpster fire
Fine, Ill beat the shit out of you then force you to cook for me baby. You can be my slave if thats what you want
Hope you are ready for a basket case
As of now, your fetish is to basically be publicly humiliated, hit and fuck dogs for the amusement of other men. 
By consensual sex I mean, with a guy you wanted, liked and wasn't abusive in other aspects of your life.
As if a dude who is willing to beat the shit out of you isnt screwed up too but anyway where are you from we may not even be on the same continent
I dont think I ever have, but I dont think I'm truly capable of it?
idk, i like to cum
flyover states USA
Is there any part of your life that isn't ruled by this fetish? 
I find it bizarre that this is the only thing you could get off to.
ruled? Um Idk, anon.
I'm almost 30 and pretty much a moocher, just was the past of least resistance for me
We might actually be closer than expected, but if I did meet you Id do a trial run at a hotel or something
bout the only nice thing about me is im not infected with any VDs lol
Oh and I can out cook you
ok give me a throwaway contact or something
Now that's a thinker. I'd need to make a new discord
sounds good Ill do the same
dipper#9809
im waiting
heroic#9589
