how often do you think about suicide?if you do think about it, why do you want to die? are your thoughts serious? if they are why haven't you done it yet?
I've been ok since I decided I want to go travelling again. Keeps me distracted obsessing about that shit.
how often do you think about suicide?
usually multiple times an hour 
if you do think about it, why do you want to die?
im a burden and dont see the point in my existence 
some yes, a lot no. i have ocd so a lot of it is from that. i would like to end it some day eventually though.
when i really start to think about life and everything thats when they occur. i cant really anhero at the moment because of family and i dont have the place or means to do it no i dont fear death i fear the pain during the dying process however. its just a matter of time really.
Think about it daily. Usually at least once an hour. Often more. 
I don't enjoy life. I dont know why. I don't feel comfortable, connected, worthy, happy the list goes on. Around 10 I started thinking I want to die and started plans to end it. Things have evolved since wanting to burn the house down. I have become more creative and less impacting to the family that loves me.
It is very serious. Probably going to end it in a few weeks. Im 35 now, and keep kicking the can down the road. But I've modified my shotgun to be more ergonomic and hopefully more effective. Time is coming.
Not entirely sure why I haven't. I keep finding a new date or thing I need to complete before exiting. These things are running out and I am more unhappy than I have ever been.
how often
I would say 5 times a week
Why do you want to die
I don't think life is gonna get better, and I don't want to suffer
Idk. I have said to myself that I will do it when I reach a certain age, to give myself time to fix things and prevent it. I don't know if it's a coping mechanism or I am serious. I hope for the first.
Every time I boot up Contractors on my vive pro, for the first couple of minutes I will wander around until I find a nice place, I take in the sites before putting my sidearm under my chin and blowing my brains out.
I do this over and over and over again. I just wish the screen went black when I did it instead of showing my ragdoll...
Im thinking of it right now got rejected twice today. I dont get it, I actually get called handsome and attractive a lot by women that Im with at a time, or on tinder, or just in public (though that is rarer) yet I just strike out when I ask a girl out. At this point all I do is work and pay bills so if girls reject me I dont even know what the point of existence is. Any small pleasures are always fleeting.
Enough to know you got that pic from the Wikipedia page for suicide
Every day at least once.
And every day I realize I'm too big of a coward to do it.
It's the most pathetic feeling on earth being stuck in a life you hate with no way out.
I often think about suicide. I dont belong here among other people and Im just one day away from doing it.
I constantly think about killing myself, but I'm a fucking pussy lol. I shut down when I get depressed so even trying to load a chamber in my skull seems fucked. I don't fucking know anon.
pretty much the same as me, i said im gonna do it at 35 (22 rn) unless im successful in what i want, at this point i joke about killing myself (even around my parents) like daily
YOU STILL HAVE 50 YEARS LEFT AAAAAGGGHHHHH HOW DO YOU COPE
6 times a week but it's getting more and more. I just can't find a job and with no friends or colleagues I don't have any human interaction. It's slowly killing me
I am more miserable as a wageslave than I ever was as a NEET. Kys retard.
Simple I disassociate
I Hope you'll find something to stick around a little longer, there must be something.
I have OCD and a couple of years ago I wanted to die at least once a day. My life still fucking sucks but I at least reduced the symptoms using ERP
Erotic Role Play?
You're telling me that getting off with random strangers behind a screen saved your life?
Exposure response prevention for OCD; I think of it as intentionally triggering it so that it reduces it
Interesting, didn't know about that. I'm glad you have at least one way of managing it and i wish you and everyone here well. wagmi bros
it is cause as a human with a rational brain whether we like it or not, we know that there are just so many things to life that no matter how bleak or miserable things seem in the present situation, the multitude of opportunity that comes with living (ie the amount of shit you can do, experience, change, live) is just so vastly apparent and rare to have a chance at, that it is almost absurd to ever think about killing oneself despite the physical and emotional misery
humans are weird
but dont kill yourself anon i love and believe in you
One thing I also did was something that has been called "imaginal exposure" which is just triggering it by thinking of triggering things/thoughts for example
I am 21, I have set 25 as my limit. I have a few goals I want to accomplish by then. Mainly, have a somewhat stable social life, being able to wake up with no bad thoughts, less stressed about everything and generally to be ok, just ok in my everyday life. 
I just remembered when I had my first kiss some months ago and when I returned home I said to myself that I am not going to die alone. Now, that's a big goal.
how often do you think about suicide?
Daily
if you do think about it, why do you want to die?
I don't really WANT to die but it's more so wanting to get it over with since it's pretty much unavoidable
are your thoughts serious? 
Sometimes, I can't tell half the time desu, my mood and outlook swings to polar opposites so fast.
Too much work, also I kinda like how I look right now so I think if I was to do it I would at least wait until my youth faded
my goals are a bit harder i guess, i wanted to be an actor or a pilot, both are hard to achieve so i gave myself 35 lol. not trying to belittle yours in any way btw. im turbo antisocial and never cared about getting a gf so not my goal, that would be unobtainable lol
how often do you think about suicide?
Multiple times everyday
why do you want to die? 
Two reasons. 1. I have nothing to strive for and nothing to care for, everything feels empty and dull 2. The idea of suddenly dying unexpectedly (killed, accident, disease etc) doesn't sit well with me, I'd rather go out on my own terms
Yes. I have. Nobody actually takes you seriously until you do it apparently.
I actually misread your last question cause I'm a fucking moron, let me try that again;
I'm currently unemployed and sitting comfortably on a mountain of cash in the bank I save up, . Plan to become an hero once I'm broke but until then I'm enjoying myself.
Everyone starts from something and everyone is different with different goals. Pilot is easier than an actor, I guess because of the connections that are necessary to be an actor that gets roles. Maybe if you can't be a pilot, you can be a cabin crew member. Not the same but still. Idk, I am just offering alternatives.
I am in university right now, and my problems are more of the social nature but also (it will sound stupid, maybe because of English..) I have this problem: I don't know how to behave, respond to questions etc. I will think of 3 responses but what do I choose, what response represents me??
