so can we all agree now that blacks can't be incels, right? its literally impossible for a black guy to not get a girl to fuck, no matter how he looks. fuck, if he by chance can't get a white chick (how? I have no clue) he could go anywhere in the world and get laid within a day. U.K., Germany, Sweden, France, Russia, Japan, S.Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, what country could a black man go to and NOT have their women worshipping his cock!? What other kind of guy can get that?
if you're black and a virgin thats on you. its like winning five lotteries in a row and STILL not getting it cashed out. Its like bringing a jet fighter to a knife fight and somehow loosing. That shits on no one else but you. You have life set on easy mode and still fail. Shits hilarious. 
Get the FUCK off this damb board. You can go anywhere on the internet and have faggots gargle your balls. Not here though you privileged ass fucks
Since rape is considered sex, then yes. If you are capable of rape, then you aren't an incel.
she looks like she's having fun...
Hmm.. perhaps he tried being himself?
When I was in college a lot of white girls acted flirty around me and would always sit next to me in most classes 
I was a shy pussy so I never looked into it further to see if they actually liked me
how badly do you think she regrets being filmed like this??
he posted another one
Woman
Feeling regret
gosh, she looks like a high schooler... poor girl, this is rape by the ape.
Not at all
it's an S tier video as far as porn goes
Rumor has it that the girl in the video is like 14. Not even joking. A description of that exact video was noted during the pornhub purge and turns out the nigger was some soundcloud rapper and is in jail for statutory rape. idk why that webm isn't banned yet or mods don't remove posts of it
na, she looks like a high schooler, look at her shoes, something a child would wear.
this is rape by the ape.
I KNEW IT. RAPE APE CONFIRMED
She's a pornstar I can't remember the video but it's just part of a video.
blackcel here. I've had white girls flirt with me before, but it never went anywhere because I'm really shy and I'm not attracted to white girls. I want a slim black girl which I can't seem get sadly
THIS IS GIANT MISCONCEPTION 
a black kid at my highschool had a melt down because his white gf wouldn't fuck him. Now shes with some fat bastard neckbeard. Literally anything is possible stop putting blacks above you. Mind you he's in a rock band and a twink yet she didnt want to do it with him.
A girl I knew in high school's boyfriend broke up with her because he ask if she would ever date a black guy and she said yes.
why do blks lie? its obvious its not a porn shoot.
how do we punish liars who support these rape apes???
Nah, there's data from research and dating apps showing that black men are the least attractive of all races. Only 1) low IQ monkies and 2) pornstars get fucked by black men. The girl in the video is obviously having fun but she's prob low IQ.
there are very few blacks on dating apps man. black guys dont need dating apps because they can get women in real life
What you mean porn isn't real?
Okay but why is it that these 2 people defined your worldview? Literally anything is possible like I said.
doesn't matter how many cute conservative white girls flirt with me. I need to protect my virginity from these albino bed wenches.
Still the greatest video of all time. 
We miss you, Maggie. your star shine bright and you got BLACKEDRAW. Your legacy lives on every time I nut to you
She is moaning like an animal in pure ecstasy. Barefoot, getting BLACKEDRAW on a parking lot in front of a crowd. Taking the cum of a nigger drug dealer up against a car.
Shes my dream wife. A goddess. She is from a suburb of Chicago. Drove into the city for an experimental taste of nigger cum and got hooked
No it isnt shut the fuck up
No she wasnt shut the fuck up. The pornhub purge was a tragic day though
Its literally top 5 ever. Just wish we got some closeups of her pussy and asshole and saw the nigger cum inside of her. Then I wish she would stay bent over and let it slip out of her onto her fingers, then she would eat the cum off her fingers and moan in delight
 Literally anything is possible stop putting blacks above you.
Bad advice- bbcdaddies are my favorite guys to be under;-)
most black men are virgins actually
how can i convince my wife and open her up to getting BBC in front of me ? (i dont have a wife im larping)
I wish I lived in america where everyone worships blacks. 
Being a canadacel is truly a nightmare.
Its cucks like you that ruined this site. And those guys feel uncomfortable by this kind of thing so please stop thinking that way.
Got bored of Koreans eh tranny?
Every black person I knew who grew up in Canada is messed up or mentally gone in some way. What is it about that place?
Bring it up, then when she pretends not to be into it to test if you really love her drop it after reassuring her you have no interest in other girls and never will, your fantasy is entirely her with black men. 
Leave it for a while and she will bring it up again. You implanted the seed and left it to grow, you proved you loved her more than your fantasy by dropping it when she pretended to be disgusted by it. You also satisfied her fear it was just another avenue for you to fuck other girls. 
She will be curious. She will enjoy exploring it. Let her do it on her own terms. Dont force it, as impatient as you might get.
Its like hooking a fish, you have to let them hook themselves.
And within every white girl is a BBC slut waiting to be unleashed.
Pathetic pigskins
Pathetic pigskins.
Kneel.
blacks can't be incels. they can thugmaxx.
whites can't be incels. they are jbw.
asians can't be incels. kpop and anime foids love them.
latinos can't be incels. they can cartelmaxx.
lol true, indians and asians run canada, only in muttland they bow down to their nigger overlords..........
maybe low t whiteboys will kneel to you gorillas but not us high t brown chads...........
The incel community is in shambles after this post, may never recover
this post was made by a mayopig
Did this video get nuked off the internet? I haven't been able to find it in months.
