I'm a 5'5 and 130 lbs "male" that can't lift more than a standard barbell
a teen girl could easily overpower me and rape me. I've seen women lift with multiple plates that are easily over 100lbs at the gym 
I'm weak as hell
and it gets me hard
prime candidaate for babifyication and feminization
Yes. I'm barely a man
Yeah but how big that pp tho?
Close to 3 inches when fully erect. My balls are kinda small too
I am 5'6" and 15lbs lighter than you...
Wow why haven't you transitioned by now? With all the lanklet manly trannies around we could really use to feminine soldiers like yourself
How over is it for me?
I am not gay or into humiliation...
Maybe one day an onee san will cross my path
im 5'5 and 110lb. I think the most heavy thing I've lifted is like 130lb, but I've squated my mate whos 6'0 or 6'1
I'm your height and similar to your weight but I'm not effeminate at all.
I was 110lbs for a few years but it wasn't healthy. It felt nearly anorexic. Do you happened to be a girl by any chance?
Because I have an endomorph body type and a flat pancake ass
No. 
I genuinely feel fat. I have no muscle do it just looks flabby. 
The rest of my body is not effeminate, except for a bit of my face and my long hair.
I'm the same. I'm technically skinnyfat. My arms, chest, legs and thighs are skinny but I have a little gut around my belly button. I have basically 0 muscle but my dad and brother are pretty muscular for some reason
I hate it. 
Probably gonna hit the gym or something, but idk if it'll do anything. 
At least it turns you on.
It does nothing for me, nor do I want it to. 
Take advantage of it
My shark doctor put his CCR5 into my human mother and I went from being an ectomorph to some arms lanklet fatty
you know what to do anon.
I am 5'8" and 130lbs, but effeminate in the wrong way. I am not cute, feminine uwu softboi but agreeable, soft-spoken and mild-mannered. more creepy faggot than hot femboy but sadly not gay.
Just checked, I'm 100lbs and 5'6
Based.
I hate myself.
5'6 and 104lbs, can hardly lift 20lbs
some days I don't even eat all day, just dont have an appetite
Come on dude I'm only 5'4 and I can at least do 1pl8 lifts. Did you even go to the gym for more than one day?
im 5'8 and 5lbs lighter than you but even i can lift more than my weight, i dont understand how OP is struggling with standard barebells (i dont go to the gym but i googled it and its apparently 30lbs)
dude lose at least 15 pounds you sound chubby
I think some people have different body types. You motherfuckers are anorexic or something 
Here's a picture of my body from a few years ago but I still weigh the same
Damn you're a sissy black boi with a twink body? Holy shit
Itt: retards who need to eat more
