Just think about it
What's the difference between rock and roll hip hop and kpop
Rock and roll was basically the kpop of the 50s only it appealed to more than just white women everyone loved it including white women who were absolutely crazy for it, heck rock and roll was bigger than kpop rock and roll was a musical revolution around the globe that is reaponsible for all the generes of music we listen to today, did white start dating black guys???? Begging for their dads to let then come to dinner, fantasizing about having their babbies!?! No! White fembots if you're in here what do you hate about us so much. Please tell me. I'm starting to think there's no force in this world that can get them to love us and I hate it.
A lot of women like the gentleman fantasy. Both white and Asian men fit that, but not black men, because of the knowledge that they are more violent and more likely to be rapists. Thus, only women who are into thugs tend to like black men.
Bullshit white women wouldn't give a shit if we acted like gentlemen they still wouldn't look our way
The only reason they even acknledge us is because of their bbc thug fantasy it's the closest thing they will get to being taken by a bipedal non human
Man they're fucking crazy.
Bill gates' daughters both married black men
Cope harder while society celebrates white male suicide
Way to cope with being ugly lol. You're like an old woman complaining how men are stupid for not wanting her.
I bet OP is the kind of person who hears a song and instantly has to Google what the artist looks like to decide if he likes the artist or not.
I could be the most handsome man in the world and I wouldn't be able to erase the fact that im black from a white woman's mind. That already gives me minus points.
How the fuck do you use 2 separate words that are both wrong, jesus christ you're retarded. It's FAWNING
That's crazy considerng picrel is his first daughter's husband and is very clearly brown not black, and his second daughter isn't married.
Please think hard and tell me who is the one coping?
cope harder anon
Society will ever care about white male suicide
NGMI
Stop anon! you're ruining his cope! Let him ignore the fact that incels had to make terms like "chad and Tyrone" to cope with the fact that women like bad boys!
STOP!
