Men being weakass whining pussies, doesn't give me "ick", it gives me straight out panic attack. If even men can't manage their lives the fuck am I supposed to do with mine, being the retarded gender? I thought you guys were supposed to build civilisations?
Men being weakass whining pussies, doesn't give me "ick", it gives me straight out panic attack. If even men can't manage their lives the fuck am I supposed to do with mine, being the retarded gender?
YWNBAW, thoughever
We did, before feminism fucked everyone up. Enjoy the collapse now
But feminism can only exist if men give up their power first. You literally let it happen because you wanted to be pussy ass bitches in women's stead.
Stop talking to the men who can't manage their lives.
And don't try talking to the men who can manage our lives we don't need to hear your retard thot shit.
Just don't talk to men.
I whine about chivalry and double standards against men on 4chan, but I nevertheless went out to my Sister's house on bodyguard/house defender duty when her husband went away on military deployment. I suspect that most modern men are willing to do this for their female family members, it's the expectation of being all chivalrous and gentlemanly toward random strangers that they find excessive.
This is that mexican bf with a bull slag?
r9k
not even just 4chan but r9k
Men bei- ACKKKKKK
You are one
History has ended. There will be no more conquests, no more advancements, no more genre defining works of art. Once AI is a bit better, it's going to do all of our accomplishments for us. And then we're going to sit back and slowly erode into nothingness.
i'm not the bochi avatarfag, just use done picture for op. that tranny doesnt own bochhis memetic faces
Why did white men decide to build such a civilisation that would literally destroy humanity? Is that their divine purpose?
meds. no one said anything about avatars
Men had no power to begin with. Picrel explains it best. Men at the time were guilt tripped and brainwashed into believing its the right thing, just like nowadays. The kikes decided this is how things are gonna be and we had no say in it like usual.
No its a mexican tranny with a mexican bull and a cuck robot bf. Get it right you moron
Picrel represents modern society, not historical. Women were literally just property, you could do anything to them. If "men at the top" guilttripped you (one class below them) into feminism, well guess what, it is still men who caused this to happen.
Men lower than nobles were also just property. Female property got to live long peaceful lives as baby factories, male property died horribly at age 18 in wars they were enslaved to fight. It has literally always been like that pic, even in prehistory when we were cave men. Being a low status male has always been the worst fate for a human.
I mean I really do agree with you. A lot foids need to see it this way but unfortunately they do not. You will probably want to look for an older guy.
I thought you guys were supposed to build civilisations?
we stopped doing that to allow women the chance to build it.
women weren't property, stop projecting your fetishes
Very reatrded claims that show that you know nothing about the theme you are talking about. 
Female were property of even the lowest men, even male slaves got assigned their own female slave, who they could take out their frustations on. 
 baby factories
That would historically have same mortality rates as going to war. Not to mention that draft and including commonfolk in war is 18 century invention and was not the case before that
That would historically have same mortality rates as going to war.
This is also feminist propaganda. Women love victimizing themselves just like they do nowadays when they have everything served to them. Women are only property in islamist countries.
We're all dumb helpless women now. Sorry.
Commonfolk in wars has existed since the times of cave men defending their villages from raids
too late.
feminism promised me that I don't have to be manly anymore and by god I will not rest until feminity for males is normalized.
It is absolutely so, do you really think that ancient wars were thought till the last body? No, if there was as much as 1/5 of losses armies would retreat. 
Women are only property in islamist countries.
Literally the opposite as women in islam could retain and inherit their property, while in europe women didn't have property right until 17th century.
In cavemen time people were way too spread apart from each other and war were extremely rare. But regardless of that, wars of cavemen are not wars of enslaved where some master send you to die for him. So its an irrelevant point.
You could have prevented all this by being boys' gfs before they were forced to troon out and hook up with each other.
https://files.catbox.moe/scw4gi.mp4
fags
if the man succumbs to hedonism he was never a worthy man
hedonism
As opposed to?
The correct answer is that you support him, he supports you. It goes back and forth. If you cannot handle that, don't burden a man.
if there was as much as 1/5 of losses armies would retreat
RETREAT FROM A SINGLE FUCKING BATTLE YOU FUCKING RETARD. WHAT DO YOU THINK HAPPENS NEXT? THEY JUST DISAPPEAR AND THE WAR IS OVER? NO YOU FUCKING APE. THEY REGROUP AND DO IT AGAIN. THERE IS A REASON WHY LESS THAN 25% OF ALL MALES IN HUMAN HISTORY MANAGED TO REPRODUCE
fags
that kind of shaming only works on low IQ tradcucks who want your approval.
it's over, you aren't getting your trad fantasy anymore, woman up foid and wagecuck like all of us. there are no manly men anymore to take care of you.
Strong, responsible and dutiful man who raises 10 kids on an amish farm.
i am suppose to support him by giving pussy, food and managing our shelter, not by choosing for him what he wants to do with his life and listening to retarded rant about kikes making his tendies rough
Strong, responsible and dutiful man who raises 10 kids on an amish farm
Just sounds like he derives pleasure from other means. If not, why should he make himself suffer his entire life?
I dont mind wagecucking if the the alternative to it is being second mommy to some weak pussy. At least le joos are confident in their assertion of power over the world. Why are you all so pathetic?
I thought you guys were supposed to build civilizations
Look, I'd like to but we're being attacked by our own government. Once we commence 1776 again we'll rebuild everything the way it should be.
Hopefully you pick someone better than someone who rants about chantard psyops, and someone who knows what he wants, but you have to be perfectly ready to discuss what you two want to do together, and honestly, to listen to him rant about the latest video game and how it excites or disappoints him. It's a give and take. Ideally, you both enjoy talking to eachother to the point where the topic doesn't really matter as much. Sometimes you just listen to be supportive. That's the give and take in a relationship. In return, he does the same for you.
'occhi on the 'k
Because God brought him into this world to suffer (that applies to all humans tho). Only in suffering can life have a deeper meaning and one can reach salvation. 
Remember, there is not a single hedonist in this world who is happy after 35.
Why are you all so pathetic?
we are tired. we put in effort when the effort led to something. now you could slave all your life and not even have a house at the end of it, no savings and no family. this is all borne out by metrics about wages declining, house prices rising, divorce becoming ubiquitous and illegitimate children becoming the norm.
it's retarded to expend effort when it's clearly futile, so just like back enjoy the few things that you can before the end.
bochi the reddit lost albeit
colourful win?
deeper meaning
What deeper meaning? You're just following instructions.
Remember, there is not a single hedonist in this world who is happy after 35.
That sounds like they're doing it wrong. Most people in the world are hedonists one way or the other, so I highly doubt they're all unhappy.
My mom bought her own house at the age 50, closed debt in ten years, and she earns like 35k per year.She had some savings from the rest of her life obv, but only like 1/3 of the price. How come you actually can't buy a house as a amerimutt if you earn like 60k per year?
Most people in the world are hedonists one way or the other, so I highly doubt they're all unhappy.
Most people are unhappy after 35, hence why modernity is so painfully obsessed with youth nowadays, nobody of those retards have built something out of their lives they can be proud of.
second mommy
You mean like how men are second fathers to their wives?
We're not eachothers parents, but there is absolutely a parallel, both in attraction (freud was right) and in terms of supporting eachother. We aren't always in the adult role in terms of the child-adult-parent model. That's okay. We fluctuate back and forth. You have a legal right to leave at any time if communications break down.
I think you really need to define hedonism, since the bible gives thought to virtuous pagans.
Why are you all so pathetic?
Pic related. Go fight with other aging roasties for a dicking session on Chad's calendar and leave us alone like you've already been doing from the start.
at the age 50
and no roastie would wait that long for you to get a house meaning you have very little prospect of having a family until age 50, at which point it is worthless.
you clearly live in a typical privileged foid bubble where everything happens by magic.
I didnt say anything about bible, all religions agree on the fact that this world is meant to cause you suffering, and the only way to fight is by growing character stronger than it, not distracting yourself with momentary pleases. In the second case it will catch up to you eventually.
Not all men deserve to procreate, in fact the reason why you all are so weak is probably due to too many men getting benefit of the doubt in the past century.
Go pay for my bennies and stfu then you retarded schizo whore. You refuse to understand and acknowledge men follow a simple logic: 
what you put in you get out
Modern jewciety made sure this is no longer the case. You can work yourself to the bone and be a perfect husband and foids will still cheat on you because muh empowerement. You cant expect trad men when youre a lib whore. Fuck off and kys
You can have a family in the rental housing just like all exisiting families do.
If im not meant to procreate then im not meant to work and pay taxes. Seethe harder wagie roastie
Well I'm not a pussy and I don't eine and I'm pretty strong but I don't even try to contribute to society anymore as I have no incentive. I do enough to live comfortable but in not concerned with adding anything back into society. You have to understand people need positive incentives to do things otherwise you won't get the outcome you want. The government refuses to acknowledge this which is why they're losing their grips on the people, big corporations won't acknowledge this either which is why their employees give them bare minimum.
Women only cheat because you are pathetic weak ass pussy bitch, whose only skill is to complain, so she doesn't respect you.
Not all men deserve to procreate
Great, then what's the problem? Go get pumped and dumped by the same guys every other roastie is naturally selecting and be a single mom.
WOMEN CHEAT BECAUSE MEN LE BAD
And men beat you and rape you because youre retarded worthless whores with no value outside your fuck holes.
the problem is in op
funny how its so painful for you all to read that you try to derail this thread into discussion about wagecucking and providers
nobody has ever raped or beaten me
I have almost done those myself to men
thats how weak modern men are
I didnt say anything about bible, all religions agree on the fact that this world is meant to cause you suffering, and the only way to fight is by growing character stronger than it, not distracting yourself with momentary pleases. In the second case it will catch up to you eventually.
Ah. Hedonism can also be defined as minimizing the suffering, something that you can only do with wisdom (character).
Men aren't going to eat you hide behind them and their strength if you constantly disrespect them. Maybe start off by knowing your place.
There is no problem in op. This is what women wanted and you got it. Don't see why you are bitching anymore.
 what women wanted
no, women want you weak kin to die.
Fucking Bandage
Too bad, youre in dire need of a stabbing and I pray you get it
I want to rape Bocchi
Not my fucking problem. Maybe women shouldn't have fallen for every Jewish trick in the book and taken their shit tests to such an extreme that large numbers of men decide it's better to just let it all burn than it is to keep playing a rigged game where the people you're trying to help hate you for it. The obnoxious, shitty, completely retarded behavior of the modern woman is enough to override millions of years of evolution hardcoding in men to want to fuck you and help you and protect you, bravo.
All you had to do was spread your legs, pump out some kids, raise them, vote the way your husband tells you to vote and not be too much of a crazy bitch for a comfy and easy life but nooooooo that's asking too much. Thanks to (((feminism))) your entire gender decided motherhood was slavery while wagecucking for Greenberg Industries was freedom. Look up what "Arbeit Macht Frei" means, look up where it comes from and then reflect on how stupid women were to fall for that con.
On a small scale there may still be individual success stories of a man and woman marrying and building a nice life together. On a large scale shit is totally fucked, a total collapse is the only way to unfuck it and women's rights played a huge role in the current fucked situation. There's a reason pretty much every society independently decided women should be treated as property that doesn't get equal rights and that reason is not muh soggy knee. Women destroy civilization if given rights and power, something that has been known for thousands of years.
the incel forums I frequent as a loser with a vagina are representative of losers with penises
the problem is in the op
OK, well there's your answer. You don't think all men deserve to procreate, which is fine. You therefore want only a smaller number of men to knock up a larger number of women. That means a lot of you will have to just cope with being abandoned single moms. It's what you chose. Blame yourself if you don't like how that obvious math works.
What guys are going to have their shit together knowing you're pitting them against each other in some fucked up musical chairs genetic survival game? Do you think being treated like you're doing a job interview is a turn on for men, something that would make them want to be successful and take care of you?
Maybe if women were more into straightforward one to one pair bonding instead men would have their shit together and society at large would function as originally intended, but women are greedy and all want the same smaller pool of above average men, and that's what you have now.
durrr polygamy isn't real
OK, go get harem-married to the same guy, that's fine too. I'm not the one complaining about a lack of good men.
Not too mention that if this has been going on over countless generations the gene pool is already pretty much damaged in bad ways. I'm pretty sure the overexpression of certain genes in a population can make many genetic diseases more prevalent in that population. Women are basically and for nature.
historically only like 1/4th of men's bloodlines survive
Motherhood is still slavery and I wouldnt want to be your housewife, but its pathetic that you even care what I want. I am literally inferior in all terms and yet you are the one helplessly flailing you hands like a kid.
I don't want you as my housewife at this point. I want you to suffer. I'm content to keep to myself and dull my senses with drugs until I die of natural causes.
 i want you to suffer
 while i dull my senses with drug
Lol I'm not retarded hedonist like you so I have long ago transcended the suffering. The only one suffering here is you
Then historically only 1/4 should work and pay taxes NPNW
Motherhood is still slavery
What's wrong with this? I see women line up to be 'enslaved' by (submit to) men they find attractive.
Youre suffering because youre a retarded whore
How about none of us pay taxes, and crash this joke of an economy instead?
Based npnw bro
Because an attractive person's genes are worth it. There is greater meaning in carrying chadsons because they will come to rule the world.
nooo you cant do that he will lose his neetbuxx then and can no longer live off you
Fuck that doujin is hot
The 100 hour work guy from this was charged with manslaughter for killing his gf in a drunk car crash. Absolute state of wagecucks.
well, obviously. But OP acts like she as a woman wouldn't want to be the sex slave of a guy she finds hot and carry his babies. She only feels powerful in the presence of /r9k/ incels, and even then the very existence of robots gives her panic attacks lmao
Well, seeing as how I am not allowed to hit you until you shut the fuck up and then do whatever I want to you like in caveman days I have to care what you want at least a little if I want anything to do with you.
I didn't say that, but by my standards chads basically don't exist.
Based. I wanna see soiciety burn 
Back to mopping floors wagie
Wagies are fucking psychos man, theyre all alcoholic druggies to cope with their shit existence
So everyone in the world is going to rule the world because their all "chadsons".
Then you're just pathetic yourself, right? If no man will ever meet your standards, and you're self admittedly inferior to all men, that's just hilarious
A man is supposed to be better than me by not just biological disposition, but also life facts or he isnt worthy. You are all not worthy of having slaves because you are weak. And you chose to be weak, despite biology giving you an upper hand.
And you chose to be weak, despite biology giving you an upper hand
that choice gives us a better life than your stupid shaming to be "alpha" or whatever and work like a donkey trying to win the approval of those like you. we don't need it. fuck off and go to your women's spaces instead of shitting this board up.
If you want strong men, then women need to suck our dick and not cause problems. That simple. All the problems of the world are caused by women.
so if someone kidnaps and rapes you he's worthy, right? I dunno, call me a moralfag pissbaby but that doesn't seem ideal.
Yes and you are suppose to fall in line and listen and raise the new generation. You aren't doing your job why should men do theirs? Women chanced how dating and the way men and women connect. This is what you wanted. So accept it. Men don't want to busy their ass for ungrateful worthless women anymore. So it's time to pick up the slack. This is the equality you wanted to enjoy it. Work equally as hard as a man for the rest.of your life. Have fun.
Don't worry, I'm a particularly stupid anomaly. I can guarantee you're mentally above me.
You literally let it happen
(((You)))
You literally let it happen
Literally
I wasn't even alive when women got equal rights/feminism you uneducated cunt. None of us were.
armies would retreat
That's when real slaughter began dumb cunt
I'm only a weakass pussy in bed I'm fine otherwise
Anyways reason these men exist is because they were taught to be feminine at a small age at which kids can't think independently so they just take whatever is given.
Can you really blame them?
You are not strong if weak women can completely overthrow you and destroy your ego with their mingling. 
Yeah sure, enjoy your life in female dominated world. 
He absolutely is. The man who can do something like that is no pussy and shows that he can stand against the crowd. Which is important in this age when crowd is driving us all to certain death.
Jesus christ just how retarded you are? I am not talking about you beinf a provider for me when I tell you that you are weak and pathetic. You were born to be spitted on, not to have a family.
He absolutely is
I don't think the issue here is men, it's the fact you're mentally ill.
If even men can't manage their lives the fuck am I supposed to do with mine, being the retarded gender?
Haha, bullshit. It's all about looks and confidence, you don't give two shits about anything else. I was a punk-rock badass idiot fuckup in college and had pussy all over me, it mattered zero I had a useless major, partied, was obnoxious, did drugs - none of it mattered because I was tall and attractive.
You just want a good looking guy, and even moreso if he's wanted by other women, and especially if he's already taken.
thoughever
Whomst?
Getting pussy is not managing your life, you are an utter failure of a humans being and I hope you enjoy you enjoy your aids
You realize no man will ever want to be around you more than a night, right?
Lol your assumption is failure because I have a husband. He a weak cuck though, like all men, and I treat him appropriately.
This op is toxic for reinforcing problematic gender roles
its okay you can sell your body on onlyfans
Men in the West are subject to constant institutional discrimination and psychological warfare at least from when we begin school. 
You women are also subject to this (and in some ways what you girls get is worse because you buy into it more easily) but the point is your dealing with SEVERELY beaten down and traumatised men.
Based OP's husband stepping up and taking responsibility.
Becasue you all fucking wanted it, dumbass
Hwabag though
It's actually only in the west. And guess who is driving the culture war.
i want to be a stay at home dad, troons and woman can go work full time
