Anyone else remember the poopoopeepee edits that were made to keep normies off of /r9k/? Well it didn't work
I think the normalfags like the racebait trash and e-girl threads.
I just like hanging out with you guys
Porn, gore, and poopoopeepee are the only things that effectively keep women and normgroids off this board.
i have like 40 of those images on my other computer. Some of my favorite images off this board tbqh. Always so many little details and easter eggs.
Women who frequent this board ENJOYS the funny degeneracy of porn, gore and poopoopeepee, you socially inept brainlet
Omg pls share em with us
that's gonna be a lot of work, i have to unplug everything from this computer and set up the old one.
I'm gonna do it though, was thinking about it and only needed a little push. Give me a few.
Okay I'll wait and check back in a little!
Ah, we must be from the same era then, pizza delivery anon. I can't remember what year it was but I think it must have been around 2014. That was peak /r9k/ in my book. Poopoopeepee, eggman, the creation of the blackpill itself. An interesting time to be a terminally online loser. Post some of those images if you can, man. I'd like to see them
/r9k/ should be deleted altogether, and let the normalfags go back to >>>/soc/
Testing a new browser, ignore this reply
Well it didn't work
It worked in the moment, but no one could have anticipated the utter flood of reddit -> 4chan after they cleared out the "problematic" subreddits. 4chan users were suddenly outnumbered 10:1 on their own boards, it was over. We can't ever go back.
i've been on /r9k/ all its eras anon. I am now on my old computer, which I had used from 2011-2019, and I have screenshots of anons here calling me a faggot from 2013. Also, I found a pic that I thought I had lost with me and my high school gf who took my virginity, and 300 dogecoin.
None of those pretty princess pictures though, now that I think about it, I was probably collecting those on my work laptop since i was browsing /r9k/ a lot at the desk job. Era for those was probably 2017-2018.
Anyways, here's a picture of me almost looking like a Chad in 2010
They were made because r9k was afraid that wojak and pepe would be overused and killed by normies back in 2014.
Then /pol/ happened. Pepe became a hate symbol and soijaks flooded the site.
I have screenshots of anons here calling me a faggot from 2013
Any funny enough to post?
None of those pretty princess pictures though, now that I think about it, I was probably collecting those on my work laptop since i was browsing /r9k/ a lot at the desk job. Era for those was probably 2017-2018.
Ah, that sucks. Oh well. Also my memory is pretty shit but I'd place the poopoopeepee/pretty princess era around 2014-2016. That was probably my heaviest time browsing and I know I had taken a long break from /r9k/ around 2017-2018 because I somehow managed to get a gf and was no longer being a depressed faggot all the time.
Anyways, here's a picture of me almost looking like a Chad in 2010
Looks pretty Chad to me, man. I've still never gotten to carry a girl like that. I remember trying once in middle school but I was too weak lol
Any funny enough to post?
No, pretty cringe actually, I deserved being called a fag. It's amusing for me to see what I was up to here throughout the years though.
I have in the past dumped dozens of those ppp images though, those threads must be archived somewhere.
