What do you think about Musk's theory of virtue signaling? Have there been any scientific investigations which back up or refute the theory?
It's fairly well-known and well-studied in behavioral science.
I found this one recent relvant article, ironically published in nature. 
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41562 - 023 - 01537 - 5
kinda makes me wonder if people who "trust the science" trust this science
Virtue signaling is also about simple cowardice.
Has Musk ever given his stance on whether possession of computer images ought to be considered a criminal offence?
Yes made clear that twitter does not want to be used for child porn. Not sure if that means he thinks it should be illegal but that would be inline with his stated (though not always consistent) belief that anything legal should be allowed on twitter.
Yeah he obviously just doesn't want illegal stuff on his website, but that doesn't necessarily mean he agrees that a photo of a naked kid on your computer should be able to get you arrested and on the sex offender's list.
What the fuck does this have to do with pronouns
any good recommended reading to get into the theory of virtue signaling // signaling theory in general? maybe a intro into Robin Hanson
I look at his picture here, and I wonder if an AI could be trained to spot pedos with high confidence just on photos alone.
that cuck who suicided obviously had his pronouns in bio. Think with your brains, midwit
Leftists = evil. 
A person doesn't have to be a genius like Musk to figure that one out.
So fucking what? He probably wore pants too. What a desperate stretch
You mean people who pretend to be leftists whilst actually fucking children like a conservative are evil. But that's because conservatives are evil.
Doesn't take a genius to figure out Musk ain't one
You are brainwashed. If you really believed what you say, you'd not be online. You wouldn't even be alive. 
You are either a shill, a bot, a zombie parrot, or just evil. Probably all four. 
Death is too good for you. You will live and suffer.
Consider instead that maybe you're so utterly mistaken about what I and people like me believe that it borders on a clinically diagnosable delusional disorder.
Don't care what you think or have faith in. You are meaningless.
If it doesn't matter what I think or "have faith in" then you're just a misanthrope I guess? What if I thought the same things you did and had faith in the same things you did?
It just shows you how bizarrely retarded clown 
world is
Every western institution is fucking joke being run by mental rejects
stfu pedo troon, you "believe" whatever is inserted into your head by reddit for your kike controllers. You dont have thoughts, you run your programs
They somehow found a way to make sexual degeneracy, mental illness, and child abuse a civil rights crusade. You really think they're *not* going to take advantage of that?
NTA but the fact that you say >>72993246 marks you as a threat. You viewing child abuse as a political issue means you might excuse, justify, and/or ignore child abuse in the right political circumstances. If you want to tell us what twisted beliefs led you to getting that way so that I can better protect my family from people like you, go right ahead.
ironic post lol
Everyone in this thread beside me ought to be involuntarily committed
Right, I'm the one making it a political issue. Not all the Republican politicians and Christian youth group leaders who uniltaterally labelled a marginalised group "groomers" in order to push through legislation and were then caught fucking kids themselves. Not the person I was replying to who literally said "leftists = evil" in response to someone with pronouns in their twitter bio getting caught with cheese pizza.
You people are deranged hypocrites and it is you your family needs protection from.
/lgbt/ openly admits that they're child molesters
All of 4chan used to. You don't belong.
please list the republican politicians and christian youth group leaders who called trannies groomers and pushed for legislation and got caught fucking kids
Why bother, you've already proved that you're willing to excuse, justify, and/or ignore child abuse in the right political circumstances
who is you? did you know multiple posters can reply to the same thread?
There's a difference between posting pedobear and literally unironically supporting pedos.
Yes. To be more specific, you're the one liable to commit Type II errors of child abuse identification. Conservatives committing Type I errors isn't a threat to my family's safety.
Like the difference between posting "Hitler was right" and literally unironically being a nazi, right?
I am literally a National Socialist.
You literally just made this shit up because you're politicising this issue, deranged hypocrite. I just pointed out the many, many Type II errors conservatives commit all the fucking time. But noo, gotta believe it's the evil leftists! Gotta excuse, justify, and/or ignore the rest!
Oh. Well. Would you look at that. Huh.
ironic post, you should have your head split open so people who arent retarded can examine how fleshbots pass turing tests
you are literally a tranny
M8 you can't even come up with an original comeback, to call you a bot would be a disservice to the incredible strides made in the field of AI recently
My, how original!
The interpretation as virtue signalling is wrong. It's a class marker. People proudly display their pronouns on Twitter because it signals allegiance to the dominant class' ideology. It's a signal of cultural capital. That's why these things are always a bit dumb or based on bullshit: they are popular *because* they are easy to attack. This way, lower-class people push back against it, and it makes it clear that they are not part of the elite.
It not signalling virtue for virtue, it's signalling virtue as a legitimizing myth for the ruling class to stay in power.
you are literally a pedo tranny. I am not memeing, you literally are
Ah yes, putting pronouns in your bio, truly allowing the ruling class to stay in power. And here I thought it was the millions of dollars they pump into anti-gay super PACs to divide the working class.
News to me. What, you think you can just manifest shit by posting it on 4chan? lol
Question then is why you want more pedo trannies in the world
you live in a constant state of psychosis due to propaganda and HRT. You have no fucking grasp on reality whatsoever
The irony keeps piling on
Why is /sci/ the most schizophrenic board?
That was always just FBI trying to lure victims they could exploit via their criminal informant program. You're low IQ if you fell for that. Next time you see you FBi informant handler, ask him how Kirt is doing and see if he can find out when 420chan is going to be back online.
I don't give a shit. You are insignificant and meaningless, both on a personal level and in the grand scheme of things. 
Your problem is you think you matter or that your thoughts and ideas matter. They do not. You are still in the infantile stage of conciousness.
Always has been, newfren, welcome to the board, but please keep the non-PC language to a minimum though.
We prefer the term "Correct" and not "Schizophrenic".
Ahh the left-wing socialist Nazi in you is emerging.
Sure brah, moot was an agent and set up the website as a honeypot all the way back in 2004, nothing here was every legit.
I'm not a conservative and I don't think you know what a Type II error is.
You seem to care a whole lot about what I think and believe, considering how much you fantasise about it. It seems to have affected you more than you are affecting me with your baseless psychobabble.
They're just saying this to trigger you and other pearl clutchers, same as 15 years ago. That's what makes it fun. And what makes it even more fun is that telling you that still won't stop you from taking the bait.
There's already an admitted literal nazi in the thread and I do believe he's on your side.
You really need to go back m8.
Yes yes, keep thinking you are the center of attention and everyone's thoughts. 
kek
I don't care what you call yourself and I don't think you know how to read.
yeah, they are called Democrats, Labour, leftists, etc. 
I don't pick sides.
Would you stop projecting on me, it's honestly weirding me out a little at this point
Yet it doesn't occur to you that conservatives screaming THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!! are the biggest pearl clutchers of all? We were capable of seeing that 15 years ago but for some reason a part of the website became incredibly hypocritical about it.
whut? NTA, you are letting the voices in your head confuse you.
Is that why all the nazis voted Republican last election?
U R a troon aren't you? self absorbed, mentally strange, cannot understand basic concepts, lacking empathy, bossy, bitchy, easily offended, etc No wonder suicide rates are almost 50% with your kind.
Helpful guide:
Not "Literal nazi":
posting "ZOMB I LOVE HITLER SO MUCH" on the internet to annoy troons
Actual "Literal nazi":
openly using state and corporate power to silence and criminalize dissent to your political ideology
Not pearl clutching
being anti-child castration
Actual pearl clutching
What is the most straightforward way to appear legitimate to the elite? Being anti-gay, or creating the illusion that you care about the weak and the oppressed?
Now go to an art museum, and see that all the woke postcolonial exhibitions, and how the small text thanks rich donators for their support. Look up big financial institutions' DEI pages. Look at Mastercard "making payment safe for trans and non-binary people". Look what ideology is enforced in Harvard. Harvard is not working class.
Richard Spencer endorsed Biden.
I told you. I wasnt memeing. It couldnt be any more obvious. These people are fucked in the head retards and degenerate.
you mean the FBI? kek
Literally the average user on this site, and I am well below average in this regard.
true.
Actual "Literal nazi":
So the Republican party
Helpful guide:
Not pearl clutching:
openly using state and corporate power to silence and criminalize dissent to your political ideology
So the Republican party
Helpful guide:
Not pearl clutching:
being anti-discrimination
Actual pearl clutching:
wowee would you look at how the tables turn if you're actually honest and not doing mental gymnastics all over the place
That's much more based than I'd expect from him.
Kek, so many retards in this thread.
What books do you think the ebil nazis were burning?
Key words there
Of course, the weak and oppressed themselves are by definition not part of the elite.
you people are fuckibng deranaged and need to be in a padded cell. You are fucking nuts and dangerous.
Who to believe?
I worked at Harvard and you couldn't imagine how many they/them BIPOC bourgeois who consider themselves oppressed.
Yes, it is indeed true that I am less self-absorbed, mentally strange, incapable of understanding basic concepts, lacking in empathy, bossy, bitchy, and easily offended than all of you. That is what I already said.
So the Republican party
They just threw a dude in jail for a decade for making anti-Hillary memes in 2016.
n...no u
They just threw a dude in jail for a decade for making anti-Hillary memes in 2016.
No, child castration is the literal chemical and/or surgical mutilation of children and by extension the industry that normalizes it and pushes it on children. If it was a myth then there'd be no reason for tranny terrorists to mow down children in retaliation when it gets banned.
But here's the thing, idiot: no one is "literally castrating children" so it is actually 100% certifiably you who is bonafide bonkers.
Yah ... you are you fucking schizo troon
lol
They just threw a dude in jail for a decade for making anti-Hillary memes in 2016.
omg no way
They're throwing women in prison for having miscarriages and also organising literal book burnings. But I'm sorry to hear about your meme.
Terrible argument but I might be convinced to allow it if you admit that the cis white hetero-patriarchy is 100% real and the source of all societal ills. After all, if it were a myth, there'd be no reason for incel terrorists to mow down children in retaliation when it is chipped away at ever so slightly.
Yah books teaching 10 year olds in grade schools to suck each other off you fucking pedo freak. They should be burning you with them
I told all of you fucking retard half wits 7 years ago the inmates had taken over the asylum. You have no idea what these fucking freaks are really doing and lying about. Their ultimate goal is to make pedophilia legal and put you in a camp if you try and stop them, these are fucking demonic creatures and you better wake the fuck up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPtFynTaSg8 [Embed]
if only
Always love some reasonable, good faith, evidence-based discussion with the rational-minded people of 4chan dot org forward slash sci
Somehow the person who stands out as the most delusional is >>72993287 but either way, I'm done taking the bait for the sole reason that I have work in the morning. The asylum is yours, to borrow a phrase. I'm sure he won't mind, given how fond he is of borrowing mine.
k bye &lt;3
lol
Are there any statistics about how often this actually happened?
You are soooo virtuous! Please tell us more about how great and humble you are? 
Please enlighten us as to how intelligent you are on humble Jesus one!
How about this one anon.
Proving my point here
Your "point" is poking out of your dress Sir.
No, you apparently can't, because the only source for that claim appears to be a fabricated story circulating in the usual right-wing rags. If only you would just actually quote what people say.
And into your mum's
Since estrogen pills make it hard to google a headline apparently...
https://www.foxnews.com/media/boston-childrens-hospital-director-calls-drastic-increase-capacity-gender-surgeries-minors
big think
Nothing in this article that is a direct quote talks about children. Hence
lol
They are reporting on it to say that Fox News demonstrably lied, actually
You are one of those people who has been brainwashed into thinking there is a left and right wing? LMAO! 
Sure, two wing, of the same bloodsucking mosquito called GOVERNMENT.
your children literally are your property. I told you these people are actually fucking insane. Like you need to realize this at your core level. You cannot reason with people who are mentally ill. There is a reason the Nazis rounded them up. They will burn your country to the ground because they are fucking insane and delusional. "Oppressing" these people is literally the best decision you could possibly make
look rofl. I told you. Yah they are your property right you fucking schizo?
I told you these people are actually fucking insane.
For sure. Only one way to deal with them. 
Naziism is just another version of socialism. Nazi's were the most effective and sane socialists to exist, but that isn't saying much. They were still too far left-wing.
Didn't you pretend to ragequit the thread like a half hour ago lol?
Nothing in this article that is a direct quote talks about children.
luhmao
https://web.archive.org/web/20220812191705/https:/www.childrenshospital.org/programs/center-gender-surgery-program/eligibility-surgery
Boston Children's Hospital 
luhmao
https://web.archive.org/web/20220812191705/https:/www.childrenshospital.org/programs/center-gender-surgery-program/eligibility-surgery
Patients who want to pursue chest surgery must be at least 15 years old
In any case castration doesn't need to mean surgery. They don't give puberty blockers to 18 year olds.
To qualify for gender affirmation at Boston Children's Hospital, you must be at least 18 years old for phalloplasty or metoidioplasty and at least 17 years old for vaginoplasty. 
In any case castration doesn't need to mean surgery. They don't give puberty blockers to 18 year olds.
You mean it got traction despite their efforts to bury it so they published a bullshit deboonk to signal to their audience that reading it would trigger unpleasant cognitive dissonance so they should ignore it.
So you have a Odepous Complex also? 
Is that why little boy troons want to "transition" and think they are women, they want to be Mommy's little precious girl? KEK!
The same chemicals which were once used to chemically castrate violent sex offenders are now called "puberty blockers" and given to children.
That is so fucked up. No wonder Elon Musk said all these groomer faggots and doctors need to be imprisoned or worse.
Idk about scientific investigations but there are a ton of examples of male feminists turning out to be predators
the charge of "virtue signaling" is just a species of ad hominem. There is no theory, its a rhetorical device to bash your opponents in debates online and in forums like these
So, since Musk used the word they there, he must be a virtue-signalling bad person.
Why is the Anglosphere so fixated on something as stupid as pronouns?
Your only stated belief seems to be that you consider yourself a leftist and think all ingroup members good but all outgroup members bad.
Those with hot air and bound to blow up. The old saying, "actions speak louder than words" is absolutely true. Virtue signaling is hot air pumping without any real action or even fake/negative action that they proclaim to virtue signal about.
NTA but did you read that book in question and where exactly does it tell kids to suck each other off?
Oh wait don't bother, we all know you're full of shit like every other election tourist on here.
Chances are the book says something like "some people are gay and that's okay" and conservatards are losing their shit over this as usual.
Because God forbid kids learnt about how their bodies work before becoming teenage mothers.
Yes, most modern ones are so in name only just like you.
Yes I have seen the books moron and it isnt about teens mothers, it is about faggotry. And even if it was sex ed you dont teach it to 10 year olds you pedo fucking freak kys
Oh no, my poor baby learnt something about their special naughty-naughty parts in school, how can they ever recover? He'll have to pray 6 trillion rosaries to fix this! ;_;
Like seriously, why are burger Christcucks so uptight?
No, its that your "capabilities" were the results of satanic panic counter propaganda and this website crowdsourced significant pulling back of the curtain on elite conspiracies and media manipulation from the ground up over the last 15 years.
As wicked as abortion is, this guy is definitely an illuminati puppet and had the child porn planted for whatever reason, maybe he went against the system or knew too much. Picrel one eye symbolism with mask.
Drink bleach pedo freak
https://odysee.com/@Blackpilled:b/satanicpanic:2
^ important, watch it
okay filtered bye faggot
People who are X don't need to pretend to be X.
Identity Crisis tends to do that.
The only one trying to politicize stuff are right wingers like yourself who refuse to respect other people and who are obsessed with spreading disinformation and trolling. The majority of the public disagrees with you and sees you as ignorant and hateful. You're just a hateful, angry incel loser. Maybe you would not be so bitter if you weren't a lazy white trash incel who sits in his moms basement all day blaming minoirites and liberals for why he can't live a normal life.
Yea sure because the Bidens aren't rich, only Republicans are.
this is why you cant argue with people who are mentally ill. All they do is project and deny reality and create their own reality
LOL, didnt read
All partisanship is an attempt to rationalize emotional and self serving thinking. The right as you see it and the left as opposite partisans see it are complete fabrications within your own minds.
You desire control over others, know that you have not the merit to demand this, and try to legitimize it using your ideology.
I look forward to which type of heretic you attempt to paint me as.
Did you get triggered when your mom breastfed you as an infant?
How many times did your priest have to diddle you to drive the gay away?
Oh no a female nipple on TV! Quick, cut to a gruesome murder so the child won't be damaged for life! ;_;
You see this is what I am talking about here >>72993368
You may not realize this but to 70-80% of the population you guys look like children screaming insults at each other on the playground before physically fighting.
Do not ever commit suicide as it is a crime against the Creator (there is no God).
stfu stupid poo head
DOTR, tick tock
Whatever matey. Normal people don't have a problem with sex ed in school. It's only you uptight conservatard christcucks who have this retarded self-hatred for certain parts of their body or which gender their brain tells them to find hot. Which is why normal people enjoy life while you're a troon-obsessed virgin who can't even find an ugly 1/10 whale to stick his ED-ridden dick into. :*
why are trannies so desperate to be around kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaeBl5E9yaA [Embed]
gem
And now you'll assume I disagree with you when I am pointing out how empty and braindead your argument is. 
Normal people see the shit you just wrote and assume you have no point. You are hurting lgbt people by arguing this way.
Oh wow, look who is the one who is actually "full of shit." There is this weird pattern that it never turns out to be the "pol chud nazis." Big surprise right? Eat shit you fucking freak
https://www.google.com/search?q=parent+cant+even+read+school+book+in+school+meeting&amp;oq=parent+cant+even+read+school+book+in+school+meeting
First I just made it all up, now it is just "sex ed" after you got caught lying red handed. Your time is short troon, tick tock
Keep staying a virgin, chud
You will never be in power
That's a nice infographic here. Care to show me in that particular book where it says that kids should suck each other off?
Do I look like your personal fucking tutor you wet brained half wit?
https://www.google.com/search?q=childrens+school+book+shows+homsexual+acts
They took it down. What was in it?
No they didn't. Did you click the link or copy and paste it? Because you can clearly see the active link is not the whole link he posted, this happened because moot apparently coded space delimiters in the code and when it hit a space it thought the link had ended.
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41562%20-%20023%20-%2001537%20-%205
try it with the proper tag that denotes spaces (%20)
Imagine being such a limp-wristed sissy you're afraid of eunuchs wearing skirts
imagine cutting your dick off because you think you are a woman and thinking you can ever try and joke on anyone else for anything .... ever
There are people on this board who think Melon is shitposting on twitter all day, running several companies, designing space crafts and other braincontrol devices. 
https://youtu.be/eJK1gLHbOxA?t=1136 [Embed]
https://youtu.be/52dVfhgt_T4?t=694 [Embed]
Just your average polchud defeating us with FACTS and LOGIC once gain. Oh no not like this sisters
Imagine being so afraid of like 0.00000001 % pecent of the population you let them live in your head rent-free 24/7
Very nice, thanks for showing everyone here your true colors, you saved me the trouble. You are digging your own grave and too stupid to realize it. Thanks for playing sweaty
Sorry I meant mentally ill. You arent too stupid, you are too insane
Not everyone lusts after power or wants to rule over others. I think you were more telling everyone here something disturbing about yourself by saying that.
Twitter threads should be reported and banned, they offer nothing to actual discussion and only attract retards with short attention spans.
Sorry pal, I was inclined to engage with your "arguments"
But it says here you're afraid of men in skirts so .. Tough luck I guess, heh
You tried, you failed, and there's nothing you can do about it. 
Must be frustrating being so full of impotent rage all the time. :3
keep digging
if only conservatives could be as effortlessly chill and unbothered as the troon brigade, who are famous for never getting mad about anything at all really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfalyMaK9bE [Embed]
Keep being afraid of men in skirts
keep digging
Shut the fuck up.
From personal experience I find it to be true. It's pretty much the normie mainstream form of a-logging. However, it seems to be most effective if it's a company or organization doing it since there is a diffusion of responsibility. Ever thought of why random shitty startups lean so hard into the #woke (hashtag intentional) virtue signalling despite being known for having a frathouse...sorry I meant """fun""" work environment? It's so that when the faggots eventually breaks one of their employees, especially from a marginalized group, their account will be immediately discredited, saving the company brand. After all, how can such a progressive company act like...that??? I mean just look at their twatter, there's just no way...
No shit, unless this was somehow a "gotcha"? If it was, are you implying "Hitler was right" can't be said as a joke?
An interesting theory, but I doubt people look into their use of displaying their pronouns any further than "I want to show allegiance for my friends and those who are marginalised so that I can be liked by them", therefore while it could work as a "marker", it's not necessarily the intention of it in the first place, which is what it sounds like you meant.
Leftism is all about absolving yourself from your sins by becoming an "ally"
