If you, like 90% of other men, want a skinny woman, you are competing for a very small percentage. This is what has led to the "incel" epidemic. You could get a fat ass but you don't even try to go for them. Be honest.
I go for chicks like this and still fail.
ha!
if they were born men they'd be fucked but they've been graced with the almighty pussy
lol, lmao even
She reminds me of my fridge. I like my fridge so why not.
I would shoot bazillions of sperm cells in her.
she kinda fat
I'd be fine dating a girl like this, but these types of chicks are the ones that are most likely to only go for tall dudes
hi anons fat fembot here what should i do? i have hit a plateau i am stuck at 139 pls fitness anons i will kill myself if you ask
well what are you doing now? 
what did it for me was hitting the stairs.
That's true, the incel thing is entirely caused by the shaming of any sort of standards for women. You can't even ask for your gf to not insult you or else you are called insecure now days. Women aren't motivated to improve themselves internally like men are, they need standards and expectations put upon them.
ive actually been quite lazy regarding excersise but i lost like 20 pounds with my calorie deficit. idk i have been going on hikes more often since they finally opened thepark and the trails r really steep ummmm i assume you go to the gym so what would be the best bodyfat percentage to begin lifting
I only want fat women.
OP pic looks okay, but if she was 340 at 5'3" I'd be sold.
Height and weight should have balance, only tall women should be able to get fat.
just start calisthenics. having more muscle mass will make it easier to burn fat.
If I ever become the next moot I'm banning webms from 4chan
I'd rather be angry and hostile and do whatever little I can do to poison all social spaces. If I could ruin things for everyone, I would. I can't do that all in one go, obviously, but every little bit helps. Certainly the last ten years have demonstrated that it is, in fact, possible in our culture to make everyone else's lives worse simply by relentlessly dogpiling online.
That would mean that the incel epidemic is the fault of women, so your post essentially justifies misogyny.
i understand what you say but, as a short and skinny man i want a petite skinny woman. simple as.
Why do people do this?
I'm only 10 pounds overweight and feel like my gut is massive so I'm losing weight.
Women will play dress up and act like that fixes the problem. I suppose it does, if your problem is "who people perceive you to look" and not how you actually look.
How can you claim to be body positive when you're literally obfuscating how your body actually is?
Gross no wonder we have a manlet crisis
I just want to feel that stomach so bad. I bet it's soft and warm, I'd kill to lay my head on it.
Now I'm feeling lonely again, great.
the clothing this person is wearing is still sculpting the body so ehhh. 
i can't wait to be 90-something lbs again as someone who is 4'9. &lt;3
I mean we men arent doing much better. The avg bmi for a man is 26.6 simlar to womens 26.5
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/databriefs/adultweight.pdf
nobody asked fatass
We need to move the goalpost. Anything above a 23 should be considered extremely obese. It's completely ridiculous how out of shape society has gotten
i dont think zoomer girls legit ever take off the shapewear except in the dark kek. its why they hate showering, too - they have to see their actual body, and not the "body" they have in leggings + sports bra. its like girls who consider their "real self" to be the one they see with makeup on &amp; hair dyed blonde. throw filters in the mix and you have a nasty brew where the "self" they identify with is the literally fake filtered image of themselves their phone shows them. 
now i dont mind someone being chubby but what gets me with zoomer girls is the utter state of the cankles. and its not even just the really fat ones. so many look like they have circulatory issues from being so inactive. this is why theyre always wearing big goofy pants and clowny puffy shoes, but ironically hiding it that way makes their overall proportions even worse. they be lookin like tweedle dee out there now.
it works for 99% women because they have 0 muscle but any guy who lifts well will have a 25+ BMI
two of my friends are shorter than me and have much lower body fat but rack up ~24 and ~25 BMI due to big muscles
you very well know that most men with high bmi are just fat. 95% of incels in 2023 arent deformed or autistic or anything, theyre just fatcels. you have to get down to the edge of underweight to even know what your real face looks like. so many muh bone structute cels probably have a fine manly chin hidden away under globs of dough and it will never see the light of day.
Very true. Kinda hate how its becoming the "new normal".
But OP is being disingenious complaining about how fat women have gotten when infact men are also equally as fat.
