Hey guys, a couple of months ago I met a girl at work, I thought she was interested in me because she kept coming up to talk with me, complimenting me on my clothing or hair and was very touchy feely, like running her hands through my hair to "check me for lice" and she kept grabbing my hands and saying stuff like "Wow your hands are so big" and comparing it to hers. Obviously I thought she was interested and initially so was I, but the thing is I only want to date another virgin and very early on I found out that she is a single mom, so that's obviously a deal breaker for me. I thought it would be mean to just string along but I also didn't want to just straight up say "Hey we can be friends but I won't date you" because that would be awkward + I don't have any experience with relationships so what if I was misinterpreting things? So I just kept dropping hints like saying "Oh man you're such a great friend!" and just being friendly and not getting too close or intimate. This week we were at a cookout together with some other work mates and she got a bit tipsy and came up behind me and started feeling me up out of nowhere. Like her hands went straight for my crotch, I tried to shake her off and said stuff like "Come on you're drunk" but she kept hugging and groping me while talking about how manly I looked. To make matters worse I got a boner and she noticed and kept trying to grab it. Eventually she went to puke in the bathroom then fell asleep on the kitchen floor. Still I haven't seen her for a couple of day since then but we'll probably meet when I go to work tomorrow. What do I do in this situation? I really do like her as a friend but I don't want to date her.
I'm not reading that block of text
this
tl;dr fuck her (or push her away if you're gay faggot who needs some cock)
tl;dr
female coworker and I are good friends but she wants more but I just want to keep being friends, she came onto me at a cookout then puked and fell asleep
you're going to have to make things very clear after the bbq. Just be straight with her.
But like what do I say? Like can I just say "I'm flattered you like me but I'd like to just stay as friends." ? What if she says she isn't actually interested in me and I'm just reading too much into the situation? What if she thinks I'm a creep?
she got a bit tipsy and came up behind me and started feeling me up out of nowhere. Like her hands went straight for my crotch, I tried to shake her off and said stuff like "Come on you're drunk" but she kept hugging and groping me while talking about how manly I looked. To make matters worse I got a boner and she noticed and kept trying to grab it.
This is sexual assault. If you did that you would be in jail right now and everyone would think of you as a rapist.
Okay sure but do you have any advice for me?
