Yeah nah fuck this country
I literally do not care, buddy.
make innocuous mistake
die
Classic America
steps foot on private property
instantly shot
'murica
He relaxin'.
Noooooooooooooo
America #1 PatriotLoyalEagle1776 said that this is fake news
Besides the dude probably deserved it, I mean who knows what he was trying to do, maybe this whole wrong house this is fake
Hail America, America best country, I love the 2A, USA USA USA
looking for his lil bro
What a load of shit this mf was robbing that white guy
T Blackcel
kansas city defender
The Kansas City Defender is a news outlet primarily by and for African-American youth, especially in the Kansas City 
Yeah I will wait to hear the other side of the story.
Sounds like the home owner, was just paranoid. It is not unheard of, for robbers to knock at your door, so they can bum rush in, when you open the door. I don't think it was, because he was black. I think, the only reason this is on the news, outside of that city, is because, he was black.
Kys coon house nigger uncle tom uncle ruckus NIGGER
Or you can use the internet and search stuff up to see the other side and realize there is only 1 side kek, the people here amaze me
They changed the story. He was actually inside the house.
#BelieveAllBlacks
Nothing of any value was lost
regardless of whether he did it because the kid was black or not this is murder
White Americans are deranged schizos when it comes to Black people lol
How do they know he accidently rang the wrong doorbell? Did he tell someone that as he was bleeding from his brain?
We are on the eve of election season, it's time to fire up the riot machine again.
Imagine living in a country where niggers approach your domicile.
approach your domicile.
do you need help with your spacebar?
...LOADING NEWS PROPAGANDA...
...DEFEND SHAREHOLDERS FROM CRITICISM...
Why did he stop? Further, why doesn't he have a gun as an American in this shithole nation?
kids getting killed is a culture war issue
Kys
Dead young Tyrones is always a good thing
Why did he stop
He didn't want to get arrested for running people over.
lul lmao even
I always love it when people respond to my posts with utter nonsense.
I'm from Kansas City. The homeowner did the right thing. Never relax.
kids getting killed is a culture war issue
Kys
Exactly what someone fighting a culture war would say !
You're both ridiculous sides of the same issue. I hate you just as much.
accidentally ringing the doorbell of the wrong home
He didn't know what his own fucking home looks like? What a load of shit.
He didn't want to get arrested for running people over.
Don't run into a truck then
Imagine believing any official narrative after 
treyvon "good boi" martin
michael "hands up dont shoot" brown
ahmaud "jogging" arbery
walter "stabby" wallace
george "da kang" floyd
I am sure there are a bunch more I'm missing
r/enlightened centrism
Mostly peaceful protestors won't get prosecuted but he will.
Those weren't the official narratives. Are you that deeps in the conservative cuck hole that you don't even know what the media first reported?
Also according conservative more white people get killed by police than black people. Am I supposed to believe ever white person who gets shot is on the level?
Those weren't the official narratives
Another day another gaslighting shitlib
wouldn't the nogs have gotten him anyway? they were already on the truck. in fact i assumed they just pulled him off the pedal
Another day another gaslighting shitlib
Anybody who read the news and just does spout from your conservative notepad is a shitlib?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZNgSEpB1k [Embed]
Like I said election season is starting and riots must be instigated because if you don't vote fo white "establishment" candidate you aint black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcpqowmmyNI [Embed]
I genuinely hope you get murdered in a similiar fashion
Does it even need to be said?
be American
go to school
get shot
go to university
get shot
go to the supermarket
get shot
go to a nightclub
get shot
go to a movie theater
get shot
go to church/mosque/synagogue
get shot
just be at home
get shot
ring the doorbell of the wrong home
get shot
I don't barge onto random people's property, nigger.
Those weren't the official narratives.
To this day, after it has been debunked in court over and over, Democrats in the House of Representatives still routinely INSIST that Michael Brown said "Hands up don't shoot". They INSIST that it happened that way.
You're a gaslighting shitlib. You will always be a gaslighting shitlib. I read the news too you gaslighting shitlib. 
Please also remember protesting in the name of BLM immunizes you from Covid.
Lie
Get caught out
Lie
Get caught out
Lie
IT JUST
KEEPS
HAPPENING
I absolutely GUARANTEE you that the kid thought he had the right house and tried to just walk in.
Oh boy, another summer of riots on the horizon.
Video evidence in case shitlibs try to gaslight some more. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS7mmV6OpgQ [Embed]
This is exactly what will happen. Hope they had a ring doorbell.
I wish accused had deep state surveillance device
What a time to be alive.
I hope one day you'll never learn why that phrase is so popular
Safe to assume any nigger on your doorstep is a robber
any negro on your doorstep is a robber
Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gsocto35Og [Embed]
Just hook the deep state to my veins.
Not in KC. It too spread apart, even for an American city. Plus I don't think there're enough nigs here anyway
Rioters will be bussed into the city.
i went into the wrong car two or three times when i was a kid when we were leaving somewhere
i wasn't shot or otherwise punished for it
have you tried... being white?
i went into the wrong car two or three times when i was a kid when we were leaving somewhere
How young were you to make that mistake?
be me
don't want people regardless of race to be randomly shot
express this opinion on the internet
mfw people don't agree
Why was he inside the house?
11 years old at most
You're missing the point here. This kid wasn't "randomly shot", he was barging into somebody's house and the homeowner (rightfully) thought he was a robber. Literally nobody wants to see good people get shot.
I accidentally got into the wrong taxi that was parked behind my taxi waiting for me as I used the ATM one time. I was like 24 or something and the woman in the back of it screamed bloody murder as I just froze and just looked at her shocked. 
In America, she would have pulled out a 9mm and put a full round in my chest. 
Im white for the record.
Dude how the fuck could you mix up your parents' car at 11? Did you not pay attention to license plates?
this is murder
No, he is innocent until proven guilty. Yes, he killed the kid, but it is not murder, yet.
be me
don't want people regardless of race to be randomly shot
express this opinion on the internet
mfw people don't agree
That wasn't the opinion you expressed.
Dude how the fuck could you absentmindedly make a mistake
Dude why dont you have the autistic ability to memorize random strings of numbers and letters 
Dude why arent you fully alert and conscious and zoned in on the smallest of all details 100% of the time
This is why whites arent having sex.
Terminal NPC brain
In America, she would have pulled out a 9mm and put a full round in my chest.
No she wouldn't, stop being paranoid. The only times whites are victims of violence are at the hands of blacks and blacks don't drive taxis.
as god intended to
this is unironically how things should be
It is not unheard of, for robbers to knock at your door, so they can bum rush in, when you open the door.
It is pretty unheard of. That's one of those urban myths, like the one about the gang that initiates members by having them knock on random doors and shoot whoever opens. Most thieves break into houses at night when no ones home, they don't knock on people's doors in the middle of the day and run inside their houses. That's an insane thing to do and has a very low chance of success.
But even if this was something that happened, assuming that the kid who knocked on your door is there for that reason is even more retarded. Who the fuck opens the door and shoots a person in the head twice? That's beyond racism, that's just being mentally deranged.
regardless of whether he did it because the kid was black or not this is murder
If the kid tried to open the door - or if he actually managed to get inside the house, as some reports are saying - then it's just a tragic misunderstanding. Not murder.
i said at most, all i know is that i was really small
Dude why dont you have the autistic ability to memorize random strings of numbers and letters
You must have an IQ below 90 if you can't remember even a few characters of the license plate from a car you ride almost every day. I bet you can't remember your own phone number or Social Security number either.
Whites kill more whites than blacks kill whites, retard.
Go back to /pol/.
I agree that it's an understandable mistake. I've never gotten INTO the wrong car, but I have walked over to the wrong car and stood to one side of it pushing my key fob over and over until I realized I had the wrong grey CRV of the 50 grey CRV's in the supermarket parking lot.
And if you make that mistake enough times, EVENTUALLY you will be in an unpleasant confrontation. You might do it 999 times and have people be understanding and laugh along with you about your silly mistake...but 1 time out of 1000, it will spiral out of control and bad shit might go down. So you want to minimize the number of times you make a similar mistake, so you don't lose that lottery.
Yeah most people who have sex dont remember those things. Theyre busy having and thinking about sex all the time.
Dead people aren't having sex, retard.
He didnt even open the door. He shot at him twice THROUGH THE DOOR, as in through the closed doorframe.
Guy is probably mentally ill and will be convicted.
He shot at him twice THROUGH THE DOOR, as in through the closed doorframe.
I'm gonna need some solid proof on this one. Are there any witnesses or video evidence of this?
There are 2 bulletholes in the doorframe. The suspect himself said in his statement to police that he shot through the door because he thought he was there to break into his house.
Even the kid's family doesn't claim that.
They claim the homeowner opened the door, and shot through the open door.
Although how they could possibly pretend to know that when they have no statement from either the kid or the shooter is anyone's guess.
The kid is alive, BTW. So everyone in the thread calling this "murder" is a fucking retard right off the bat.
He is going to jail, w*t0id
I like that this calls op a faggot without saying it
The kid is alive, BTW
He just died. Another w*t0id butcher strikes.
it just makes me sad if anything :P why have people come to expecting the worst at their door? at the end of the day the homeowner wont be punished as it could be argued to be completely legal esp because its private property, but i still feel bad for the kids family.
it just makes me sad if anything :P
Lol. Lmao, even. :(
He's not only not dead; he's already out of the hospital.
That nigger survived getting shot in the head?
Guiz he just flew over my house
Black dont crack. Most black men have been shot several times. They are like the gorillas of humans, Lords of the Concrete Jungle.
old people shouldn't be allowed to own guns. they are senile and cannot be trusted
Class War
Not today commie
Some dumb darkie tries entering my home shortly after ringing the doorbell during the night you bet your ass I'm letting his tiny little brain leak out onto the pavement rather than my home furnishings.
Lol anon no you are wrong. I live in a city and I personally know of more than 3 people who were robbed just like that. They knock on your door and then run in with guns when you open it. It is absolutely real thing, not a myth.
Similar is girls setting up guys through dating apps to get robbed
The description of his injuries came from a MOTHERFUCKING GOFUNDME that his family set up.
The odds are that they exaggerated how badly he was hurt. If he got shot in the ear, they might call that a head shot for the purposes of trying to get free money from people on the internet.
Familiarize yourself with the word ancedotal.
Black criminals abuse trust they like to make you think they are harmless then bam they shove you to the ground pistol whip you and do gods know what to you. This happens far more often to black women than any other demographic in this country btw. While the mentally ill white leftist cry about this stupid fuck dozens of black women are gonna get home invaded by bored psychotic niggas and those tragedies will be ignored. Black Lives Matter am I right?
The problem is the proportionality of those stats. Stop treating /pol/ like it's a boogieman.
I know of one instance locally where a drunk guy on payday at a local bar got with a prostitute at the bar, and they went out back to the alley to "fuck" and the guy ended up getting robbed and assaulted by two dudes who were using the prostitute as bait.
Stop treating /pol/ like its a boogieman.
Nobody does. They treat it like the retarded child constantly making threats to shoot up the school.
assaulted... sexually?
Yes this is something black criminals also do they use a black female to lure you because they know your stupid ass will drop your guard and easily trust a woman. The most evil shit Ive seen them do is coach a little black child to go up to a door and ask them for help when the retard opens the door if they dont close it they are getting robbed. You can fucknig trust anyone with black people god I hate them.
So, they ignore it until it goes berserk, then stand around crying about "how could this have happened?"
Black men constantly get killed at the hands of other black men every single day
Silence
One black kid gets shot by a white man on his property 
Omfg burn the city down!
we can't release the door cam because it shows the little nigger "trying to return" a hand gun
Wasnt there a mass shooting at a party like 2 days ago?
No, I said the retarded child. The one constantly making threats everyone knows they will never act on because they are too weak and mentally challenged to. Half the time people get so exasperated they end up telling them to just fucking do it so they dont have to tolerate listening to their inane rantings anymore. 
Meanwhile everyone and anyone avoids them like the plague. Not because they are scared of them, like the retarded child (pol) believes in his fantastical mind and delusional self-image, but simply because people find them depressing, embarrassing and tedious to be around.
You know like your own family does with you.
He dindu nuffin! He jus' on he way 2 da church!
Yeah, and /pol/ still shoots up a school, or a church, as the case may be. There's no way the guys who shoot up a church full of innocent people are the good guys.
What a very normie way of thinking, get the fuck out of here
/pol/ is a board of thousands of posters. I don't think the majority of them have committed a crime.
All pol does is serve to make the actual right look more unhinged, embarrassing, retarded, alienating and intolerable to almost everyone in the general population.
Pol is like a gifthorse to the left, which is why they never actually talk about banning it or try to. 
It presents absolutely no threat to them whatsoever and is basically like a propaganda outlet supporting all the wideeyed claims they constantly make about white people and the right.
Yup, every single victim was black. So expect the media to shrug. It happened in the same town as Floyd's Feed &amp; Seed, which thankfully was unharmed.
/pol/ is a board of thousands of posters. I don't think the majority of them have committed a crime.
Anyone who loudly proclaims they're on team mass shooter is one of the bad guys.
I don't agree it poses no threat. Church and mosques have already been shot up in the name of /pol/.
Pol is the most normie, reddit board on 4chan. Its literally just r/theDonald refugees from 2016 by this point. 
All the satire and irony and subtlety of the original pol is completely dead by this point and its just infested by doubledigit IQ normgroid filth.
Church and mosques have already been shot up in the name of /pol/.
That is not a threat. Every single one of those attacks has caused significant lurches to the left in Western countries. Meanwhile Islamist and attacks on whites ALSO seems to cause white people to lurch left and try to paint the perpetrators as the real victims. 
Its bizarre. Some people are just built to be conquered.
/pol/ is a honey pot
Meanwhile Islamist and attacks on whites ALSO seems to cause white people to lurch left
This is actually untrue. Many whites are actually waking up and are much more racist overall.
Familiarize yourself with the word ancedotal.
In this situation, anecdotal evidence comprehensively rebuts your argument, because you argued that these events did not happen at all and were mere urban legends.
Because you were fucking stupid enough to say that, an anon presenting even a handful of cases proves that you are wrong.
When you claim, "X is a myth!" anecdotes prove you wrong.
Kansas City is a rundown dump so can you blame him? I will always defend gun owners in pavement ape hellholes like Baltimore, Memphis, and St. Louis.
He entered an old man's house uninvited thinking it was a completely different house that looked completely different and his supposed target house was actually on a completely different street with a completely different address. And it happened after 10pm too. Black, white, mexican, or alien. If someone is breaking and entering my house late at night I'm going to open fire before letting a criminal shoot me first. It's basic manners not to bust up in some strangers house late at night.
Hi Moishe
"durr hurr be American, get shot"
meanwhile in other dogshit 3rd world countries
This is actually untrue
It actually isnt. I live in Europe and every terrorist attack is followed by conversations about Islamophobia and the unfairness of painting all Muslims with the same brush. 
The entire conversation shifts from the white victims to Muslims who got some hateful DMs on Insta following the attack,
Doorbell cameras are really cheap nowadays, if you live in some crime filled subirb where people rob you at your door why would you not buy one.
Wait a minute, the demographic that does this shit will soon be the majority of the population in the USA!
Media post provoking racial tensions. If it were a black guy shooting a white guy they wouldn't have mentioned race.
Maybe you should spend less of your one precious life worrying about who gets more media coverage. Or else just kill yourself.
the demographic that does this shit
You mean the US government?
demographic that does this shit will soon be the majority
If anything nogs will soon need to learn haw to mangle spanish with ebonics
There is almost no officially released information out yet. The family constructed some elaborate narrative containing details they could never have know on their gofundme and everyone is just taking it at face value.
I wonder why the shooter wasn't content to just leave the door closed
It's amazing, I wonder if he will change his door to a more secure door.
Imagine that your front door isn't enough to make you feel safe. Why the fuck would somebody have a front door or walls that they felt couldn't keep out intruders.
I mean seriously. If the guy was that paranoid about people being able to break-down his door (let alone a teenager who seems to have a skinny non-muscular body), then why didn't he reinforce the door in some way
Shooter is literally an old white man he comes from a time when normies acted civilized
To be fair, we don't actually know whether he entered the home or not.
it's been confirmed that the kid wasn't barging into the house by everyone?
What I am implying is pretty obvious although it's not explicitly said
What's funny is that in the story I read, the kid ran away from the house and went to two different houses trying to get help.
At one house no one answered the door. At the next house a DIFFERENT homeowner came out, pointed a gun at him, and ordered him to lie on the ground until the cops got there.
YOU CAME TO THE WRONG NEIGHBORHOOD, MOTHERFUCKER.
Granted the second homeowner probably heard the other gunshots. But it's still funny to me that two out of three doors this kid went to, somebody drew down on him.
it's been confirmed that the kid wasn't barging into the house by everyone?
No it hasn't. We have a statement by the kid's family on a GoFundMe page. And a statement by the family lawyer.
What I am implying is pretty obvious although it's not explicitly said
The OP contains nothing like that.
The black supposably was smart so he should have known white people would be hostile to him at the hour he was knocking so I completely reject the claim this kang was an honor student n shiet
supposably 
Holy shit.
Don't write like that
It's fucking gay and it reeks of coming straight here from reddit
Nobody likes you
I make sure to put double carriage returns between all of my paragraphs - primarily because that's the right thing to do, when you don't have the ability to indent...but also because I know it pisses absolute shitbag faggot cunt fucks like you off.
Fuck you, you stupid phoneposting fuck.
Go suck donkey cock.
It was only 10 o'clock. You really think it's reasonable to shoot someone who kicks your door in at such an early hour? Common sense tells you he was just picking his siblings up from church practice.
If the past decade taught me anything its that when a niglet gets killed and the family says he dindu nothin and Ben Crump immediately gets involved - he probably did do something.
no one here wants to hear about blacks, we are all so victimized already that we just don't care about niggers in the slightest
Assuming this horseshit is true the babysitter should have been fucking outside waiting for him instead of expecting this guy to manuever in an area he was unfamiliar with so its also the babysitter's fault if they even exist
Capitalize black
Lowercase White
Fucking kikes
was from an immigrant Liberian family
When they achieve some type of greatness/success they only bring up their country/nationality, but when something negative they are just simply black.
Why are whites like this?
Actually more whites are killed by whites than blacks you know
Ratio is 10.22 vs 9.83
Haha what absolute bullshit
He got confusednand went to the wrong house, definitely didnt ring the doorbell to make sure there was no one in it so he could break in
Fuck off
I literally can't feel bad for him because based on his family's reaction, he almost certainly was the type of nog who makes excuses for niggers committing heinous crimes. If you won't police your "community" and stop the criminal element from flourishing in it, then you deserve to be treated with suspicion by default just for being black and I have no sympathy.
I'm lazy, but you can report racists you know
I'm not even being racist, if his family had come out and simply said something like "oh he dindu nuffin he's a good boy" without mentioning race, then as the story has been presented, I would have sympathy. But they immediately pulled the race card which says to me that they are the exact type of people who encourage the criminality amongst blacks which would cause someone to immediately assume a young black man is trying to commit a crime against them.
tbf that one argument has an easy counter. maybe he wad trying to pick up a sibling from friends house
You can also return to reddit you nigger-loving faggot
Fuck off to Reddit criminal lover
Based as fuck. Boomers finally doing some to clean up their mess.
Can you really call that a hate crime? Sounds more like the shooter was just mentally retarded.
NIGGERS ON MY DOORSTEP!?! DIE DIE DIE LOLOLOL LAND OF DA FREEEE!!
This is not something a sane human being would do in a first world country.
Just saying. It is a 4chan rule.
Furthermore, why should I fuck off to reddit...
When you simps have already brought it here?
The shooter is 84 years old, he probably has some stage of Alzheimers or dementia plus he's from a time when blacks were (correctly) viewed as dangerous criminals instead of oppressed doctors and lawyers and engineers. Also if you live that long in a city as blacked as Kansas City you've likely had some close calls with jogger buffoonery and know not to relax around them.
If you dont like black people then why did you import them lol
I wasn't alive 300 years ago to tell (((them))) to leave the Africans in Africa.
Of course, anon is solely responsible for all blacks currently in America. Aren't you smart.
Kys immediately pl0x
I mostly agree with what youre saying, but using the argument *x people wouldnt do y because its illogical* doesnt really apply to blacks, because blacks constantly behave in ways and commit crimes that are senseless and illogical.
The kid isn't dead, he's already been sent home from the hospital.
this is murder
The kid isn't dead. Also go google the legal definition of murder.
Actually it isn't, the kid isn't dead
Attempted murder, stop playing semantics, you both know what I meant
Yes there should be a court case but realistically it seems pretty obvious what happened
NOOOOO THEYRE KILLING MUH NIGGERINIOS 
NOOOOO FUCK THIS COUNTRY
Be American
Go to pick up your little brother from his friends house
Woops you ringed the doorbell on the wrong house number the friends house is actually nr 137 not 138
*BANG* *BANG* *BANG*
The house owner guns you down through the door because you're technicly on his property by stepping on his lawn so he has the legal right to murder you now :)
America is a 3rd world country and you cant convince me otherwise.
ringed
Keep seething ESL.
WRONG DOOR MOTHER FUCKER
Attempted murder, stop playing semantics,
It's not semantics. Murder and Attempted Murder are two different charges with different sentences and does matter if this goes to trial. 
Stop acting like a retard.
Black guy literally walked up to a white toddler and blasted his brains out for no reason. So piss off your evil race deserves every murder it gets nigger shit.
