Nobody cares about the declining white population. Asians are extremely happy to see white males dissappear
Asians just being based as always
Friendly reminder that WMSfag is a pedophile who has child abuse content on his hard drive and justifies it because /pol/fags also have child abuse on their hard drives.
1981 Zimbabwe poll shows that 98% of Zimbabweans think it's good that white population is shrinking or are indifferent to it.
Same energy with same eventual outcomes.
Also- look at age part of that poll.
Old farts know how things are going to shit with decline of white population.
But they were celebrating it when they were young themselves, so they have no one but themselves to blame.
And he has an online profile forming regarding his person as we speak, if the feds don't pay him a visit, I will, I live at about a 2 hour drive from him
you are the cause, everyone hating on white people spreading false truth is so fkn cringe.
Asian women would rather fuck white people than their own race. Stop coping and spreading miss information
72990951
kek keep coping. this is how society reacts to white male suicide
Are you enjoying your waterzooi? You won't be for long
2+ years and counting and you still can't stop me. Your grandparents are rolling in their graves kek
This webm of a skinhead getting roughed up means nothing when the person posting it is an actual pedophile.
kek you love to see it
We've been over this, pedophile. Just because that deranged /pol/fag in your picrel also enjoys the sight of dead kids doesn't change the fact that you've posted pictures of dead children and wrote a little fapfic on /gif/ of a child enjoying being raped.
because as soon as whites are gone, it's their turn. You can already see it with the soft-colonialism in Africa by China.
kek white male suicide will always be hilarious
72991240
oh anon....i'm so sorry.....
Whatever helps you justify your own child gore folder, I guess.
DESU the age divide is a proxy for race. The Over 65s population is like 90% white, no shit they're less happy to see whites slide than younger demographics.
What explains the 35% of Asians who want to kick whitey into the grave? It seems bizarrely high, when you consider how much less actual conflicts there have been between the races in America (no slavery like with blacks, no border conflict like with the Mexicans).
that's way less than half of the INTERVIEWED asians, literally doesn't matter
72991462
top kek
I guess you should've been more kinder to them:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ycury4S4i00 [Embed]
