its funny how americans larp as macho or tough when everyone is more manly stronger and smarter than them. americans are dumber than abbos/braindamaged congolose kids, they are weak and obese so litterally everyone mogs them. its funny and sad being in this shithole of a country i am the only one i know who exercises and eats healthy. 
i am part of a tiny minority of americans who cooks his own meals and exercises daily/lifts weights 4 times a week most americans cant walk they cant have sex because they are too fat and because they are all ugly as sin. i would rather stay a khv than fuck a american woman. all american woman. only thing i can do is just look at europeans and latinoss with envy and rage. they get beautiful women who arent prudish and ugly/obese. i swear we should get all greatful 1st worlders and make them spend a month in the us.
I spent 3 months in the US and you live in paradise. You cant suffer.
The most eye opening moment for me as a European was a thread with American anons talking about how their moms and dads were so obese they couldnt even walk from the Walmart parking lot to the entrance. Also the article about Americans needing to be taught how to walk for more than 10 steps when visiting European towns and cities because they are so used to just riding in cars. Kek.
its true and sad the average american cant even walk 10 feet i literally mog them all and i just work out 4 times a week. the average america is exactly like this
As an Australian kid i always found it really weird when I saw everyone online talking about using lube to fap. Later i learned about circumcision
sad things that happen to americans
This. I always find it funny as a yuropoor when i see americans complaining. Bitch, you make 400k/year, own 3 houses, can afford 5 moths of vacations every year and have guns, cars and the best wilderness on earth you dont have the right to complain.
thats bullshit most americans are poor and live like third worlders. europe has soul culture and beauty something the us has none of
poor
Poor in america:
waaaaaaah i have only 2 houses and make only 150k live is soooo bad
Meanwhile poor in shitrope
i have to sleep in the slums i cant afford to eat twice a day and i am getting mugged everyday by nafris
europe has soul culture and beauty
Only america has this, shitrope is an overpopulated shithole with no nature or culture
Exactly, going to the US made me realize how much of an ugly shithole my country was.
oh your the french troll got it
I accept your concession as proof of your non suffering.
Not him, but bro france is a complete dump. You thought detroit was bad, you've never seen france
make 70000 year
which means nothing when every house is 300000 dollars. non toxic food is hard and most shit is expensive 
i own a truck
used ford truck
live in a inherited house
my mom died thats why i own it
waaaaah i'm so poor i own only a house and a truck in tropical paradise florida
Absolute proof that americans cant suffer.
i literally only own it because my mom died
waaaaaah i only inherited one house in jacksonville i am sooooo poor
Noone in shitrope even owns real estate
Lmao you cannot suffer.
2 trolls 
honestly you 2 are pakis
Nice projection spic/favelado.
You do know france has an civil war going on right?
and the sky is red
only 30 bucks
You dont suffer.
Here is an average chicken at the local store.
average european woman
posts cuban
happened to me too, I remember being completely repulsed by the idea that your own fucking parents would commit fucking RELIGIOUS GENITAL MUTILATION to their children. I do feel kinda bad for mutts, they either have to cope HARD with shit like "It's ackshually comfortable and beneficial to my health" or "It prevents muh infections" or just live the rest of their lives knowing that they just lost an important part of their body and can never get it back.
This is an average street in faguetteland. Never ever complain about being American.
she is spanish not cuban
i wish i could nuke this country or be born chinese or russian
Yeah france is hell on earth. I wish i could be american or japanese.
tfw from the rust belt
eh, depends upon where you go. What you highlighted in your image mainly reflects the south and midwest . You will see more healthy in shape folks in New York and Los Angeles. I have lived in both cities and most people are rather healthy, in LA/OC the only fat people you really encounter are Mexicans.
Where as in Pittsburgh or the detroit metro area, you will see a shit ton more fat people.
The average American doesn't look like this lol I can tell you don't live in America there are a lot of guys here who will smack you just for believing in something other than what they believe in and they are usually leftists.
average american man
chris-chan
kek
i am in the us
No you're not lol you're just some angry seething third worlder.
I went to an upscale le tourist town wow you guys got it made
I mean I knew yuros are not exactly known for their intelligence but damn. Rope it Muhammad.
I have cross your entire country and stayed in remote communities and major cities alike.
You cant suffer Deshawn martinez.
