I wonder how many robots are just actually gay and can't come out because they live at home with their parents?
Probably a decent amount. I'm at least somewhat on the spectrum because I'm into trans women, but my parents are right wing/religious so I've accepted that it'll be nothing more than a porn fantasy
I'm gay and I live with my parents. Why would I want to "come out"? People hate gays. You get huge social benefits from appearing straight.
Pooners are so fucking disgusting god fucking damn
That's my situation, it doesn't matter because I dont think I could get a boyfriend anyways because I'm 
I am turned on by cocks and cum but I'm attracted to girls. I would want to have sex with a girl with a hot guy, but I won't ever have sex anyway. oh well..
Not nearly enough to make a thread about it, people far sliver state the prevalence of homosexuality on this board. Even the ones posting depraved, homoerotic larps wouldn't actually get physically intimate with another guy. Even if they were super feminine.
sounds cute anon you should get topped. I love fellow autistic ppl they look cuter generally not in a weird way I just vibe better.
All the women hates threads get pretty gay desu. There only so much you can hate a women till it becomes clear you just want cock.
It's not one or the other, you can choose neither.
Doesn't matter, my standards for guys are too high. I want someone skinny and cute, I can't be skinny and cute because I have loose skin and I'm balding. I prefer guys, but only my idealized version of them, women are easier to "settle" for. I look at grindr and unless I filter ages down to 18 I'm indifferent to every single guy I see at best. The idea of getting fucked by a cleaner masculine guy is exciting, but I wouldn't be attracted to him, just the idea of submitting to him, and why would he ever want me? I'm disgusting and always will be.
I'm not into the idea of random hookups, which sucks because that's all 99% of gay men want.
I guess I just have to accept I'm never gonna have a cutesy romantic relationship like I see in yaoi anime/manga or in some tiktok gay couple video, that's all fantasy bullshit and not reality
Ahhhh youd be such a perfect boiwife for some lucky anon! Just keep your hygiene up and wax and clean your bussi and clitty RELIGIOUSLY, then learn to cook. Imagine having dinner ready for your husband when he gets home and he lifts your skirt up and slides his cock right into your bussi against the oven. He slides in easily bc you keep it lubed up and flavored for him every day. He fucks you right there, every thrust rattling the oven. You cum right down your legs from him thumping your girlspot with his hard raw cock. He cums inside you while you whimper &lt;thank you daddy> then slips out of you and you set the table and serve his meal
Admitting this to myself was a revelation. Then I fell for the TOPPED meme and got an anal tear on Grindr. Now I stick to sucking and frotting
I'm 6'3 with a broad build and linebacker shoulders, also sissy shit is cringe
I've gotta stop seriously replying to these threads, always forget it's just some guy jerking off to his own fantasies on the other end and not an actual discussion.
So then fucking lift and be the daddy in this scenario, you little bitch
i dont see any titty scars. i think shes just a flattie
Built, designed, and crafted for BCC (Big Cobson Cock).
Trips of truth, Cobson fucking won.
I WILL BEHEAD EVERY TROON CORD I WILL ENCOUTER
holy win
upson
