fine with fucking and marrying a woman that had sex with dirty animals many times 
has a problem with fucking and marrying a woman, that had sex with an STD-Free Black man, just once
Dogs are more human than niggers
Gross. You should kys if you are being serious.
niggers are worse than dogs.
Coal burners get the bullet. Don't ever post here again
Niggers are in the uncanny valley, that's why.
Implying niggers aren't dirty animals by default
fine with fucking and marrying a woman that had sex with dirty animals many times
if you fuck animals you are irredeemable
Implying this is an either or scenario
Non-racist logic on display
Both are bestiality
No. They're humans like you racist fuck
kys
fine with fucking and marrying a woman that had sex with dirty animals many times
Absoloutly not.
has a problem with fucking and marrying a woman, that had sex with an STD-Free Black man, just once
Yeah, kinda.
You're wrong tho. I think all women who aren't virgins should kill themselves because you are all dirty sluts that deserve nothing but the worst. And, no I really don't care about the circumstances that made you lose it.
No. They're humans like you
uh source ?
the guy said niggers and you referred to them as "they". this is really racist isnt it, referring to people as niggers. baka anon dont do that
Calm down whore, ans get that black cum out your worthless mouth.
the crime both women committed is not inviting me to watch beforehand.
Calling niggers animals is the insult to the animal kingdom.
1st. You will never be a w*man.
2nd. Nobody says this? Pretty sure everyone is against being intimate with dogfuckers.
it's a retard thinks 4chan anons are the average person episode
I think it depends on the dog. Like I can't say I'm above sex with animal how can I get mad at her for it?
But if I did exactly what that bear did you'd call me a stealing nigger wouldn't you?
Is my cat cute?
I feel the same. If it was say a yellow lab, I wouldn't care but a nigger? no. That's nasty.
