add a girl I'm romantically interested in
talk to her for a few days, she's cool, we seem to get along, everything seems to be going okay
say something I feel is kind of cringeworthy and/or she just doesn't respond for a bit (likely for completely ordinary reasons)
start feeling a little anxious and insecure
log out so I don't have to feel the pressure and disappointment of repeatedly checking for new messages and not seeing anything (and I don't want to seem clingy and double-send, or something)
stay off the rest of the day
feel bad for doing that and don't immediately log on the next morning
plan to log on later that day but still feel too much anxiety to log on and then it's night time and I know she'd be off anyway
then it repeats the next day and I feel like I don't have a justifiable explanation for why I was off the previous day
then another day passes and I feel even more pressure like I can't reasonably explain why I've been avoiding her
then a few days pass and by then I feel like I can't possibly show my face again and apologize
then a week passes
then a month later I'm still off and a year later I'm still off and I've basically ghosted her even though it wasn't my initial intention
I know I'm just a coward and this is completely retarded of me but I've somehow ended up doing this to several people and I hate myself for it each time. I've very possibly missed out on some great friendships and/or relationships this way.
There's someone I really like who I did this to beginning a few days ago and it's happening all over again and I want to log on and apologize but I don't know what the fuck to say since so much time passed, and if I say what I wrote here I'm going to sound like a pathetic loser, and she's a girl and I'm a guy and obviously it's not very masculine and confident of me to so obviously be a pathetic evasive moron, and I know she possibly might be mad and upset. What the fuck is wrong with me and how do I stop this.
Honestly maybe I should send this thread to her. It's gross and pathetic but I don't know what to say or do and maybe it's better than never logging on again. That's assuming she hasn't unfriended/blocked me already, which she may have (and would have every right to).
She's going to (correctly and justifiably) think I'm such a loser and I'd probably lose any chance though. But I don't know what else I could ever say.
And on the off chance she sees this somehow: I'm really sorry. I know you don't deserve this. I don't know what's wrong with me.
And if someone else happens to see this and it matches something they're experiencing then just know the person may not dislike you and may just be a stupid loser like I am.
The key problem here is that you are self-identifying things that you write as "cringe".
Don't do that. Wait for other people to tell you that you are cringe. That is the critical failure here that kicks off all the other failures.
It's like the scene in THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION where Tommy thinks he failed the GED test and so he crumples it up and throws it in the trash. He's being a dumbass because it's the education department's job to fail him - he shouldn't fail himself. And when you're watching a movie, it's easy to see it and understand it - he took the damn test already; he should turn it in and see what happens. In this situation, YOU are the one being a dumbass.
True. In reality what I said wasn't really bad at all. Even if I had never said anything like that, just the anxiety of waiting for new messages was still what was really driving my behavior. That's happened in the past as well.
In this situation, YOU are the one being a dumbass.
Oh yeah, I know.
Fundamentally it's just anxiety and not wanting to experience rejection. I'm just a coward and a loser.
he shouldn't fail himself. And when you're watching a movie, it's easy to see it and understand it - he took the damn test already; he should turn it in and see what happens.
Sure, but I don't know what to do with my current situation. If it was just the message I doubt it would've been a problem. It's just suddenly vanishing and going completely incognito for a few days that I don't know how to explain.
I have had the same exact experience. There is no easy solution, you just have to force yourself to message. I think it helps to think how happy you get when you see a message from her, and imagine that she feels just as happy to see a message from you.
I actually have a girl i've been talking to that I haven't messaged in 3 days now and am struggling to decide whether to message today or tomorrow. Fuck I can't even take my own advice.
I have had the same exact experience. There is no easy solution, you just have to force yourself to message. I think it helps to think how happy you get when you see a message from her, and imagine that she feels just as happy to see a message from you.
My worry is so much time has passed that she's not even going to feel that way anymore. It's been too long and I only initially talked to her for a few days. I barely know her and vice versa. You might be right but I really don't know.
I actually have a girl i've been talking to that I haven't messaged in 3 days now and am struggling to decide whether to message today or tomorrow. Fuck I can't even take my own advice.
Yeah we're really fucking idiots, it sucks. I wish we weren't like this.
I can't just message her like nothing's happened. I'd need to give some sort of explanation. And I don't want to lie or give some shitty excuse.
I'm also worried I'll log in to see she blocked me and/or left some message chewing me out. Ugh. Fuck. I feel so bad for having done this. And I've been through this cycle many different times for some reason.
If it's only been few days, I think a simple "hey, whats new with you" or something is appropriate and just see where it goes from there. What you say isn't really important, it's about showing that you're thinking of them; so you shouldn't worry about having something specific to talk about.
No it's definitely been way too long. It's been under a week but enough days that it's just too weird. I talked to her for 3 days straight and then like 4 - 6 days have passed since that 3rd day, I think. I'd need to give some sort of explanation at the least. If she hasn't totally blocked me or unfriended me.
Just message her man. Only way to find out.
bump
4353464636
