be me
fatcel and mentalcel
lose weight
get a haircut, shave the neckbeard
wait, I'm actually a decent looking tall white guy with blue eyes and a full head of hair
get a gf 
she is mad in love with me and wants to have my babies
I'm still a broke needy mentally ill retard with no job and no hobbies
apparently it doesn't matter
I wish there was a lesson to take home here, but there isn't. Just be tall and white, and you too can get a gf.
Don't use Saint Hamudis gif or name in vain you ape.
Jesus is the truth. Blackpill is the result of satan.
you're fucking retard kys fatass get a job loser
Fuck you, I'm not fat at all anymore.
I am 6'1 tall, white, blue eyes, 71kg, good hair, above average face. How do i get a gf as a friendless, clumsy neet?
Try getting one online.
Learn how to take good pics of yourself. Good angles to showcase your jawline are great. Also find the right amount of light that makes your eyes very noticable. For me personally, natural light of a cloudy day really makes my eye color look beautiful.
Just interact with girls online as much as possible, and make sure they know what you look like.
This might lead into some long distance bullshit, but as long as you are looking for something serious, you two can just move in together after some months of talking.
I don't interact with people outside of 4chan. I don't even have a discord. I'm a mentalcel for a reason. Social relations are very hard for me. I can be quite verbose in writing, but irl i'm clumsy, forgetful, conversations stress me out so much i can barely make sentences and anything said goes over my head. 
Moreover, because i'm a friendless neet, i'm entirely outside of mainstream culture, their hobbies, concerns and news. Just a few days ago i discovered there's som youtuber who gives everyone money and has hundreds of millions of view on his videos.
Doing it on the internet is much less stressful and scary than irl.
Once you get comfortable with her it will be easier even when you come together irl.
You don't have many options, it just is what it is.
But where on the internet? 4chan is 90% male.
Are you going to ditch her and play the field? How old were you when had the transformation and the differences you notice?
Maybe like discord, tumblr, video games that have a relatively high percentage of female players, etc.
Do your research and figure something out.
Are you going to ditch her and play the field?
No. I think we will just get married and have those babies she was talking about.
How old were you when had the transformation and the differences you notice?
25 lmao. The girls just react to you better, they get flirty with you and act interested in random shit you're saying, where as before they would ALMOST never do this.
Now tell us, how did you lose weight? Did you do anything?
doesn't matter
retard
So they basically romanticize your every word? Not to be blunt, but almost nothing you say really matters now within reason? They are just happy to have your attention and will take it anyway they can?
Just be tall and white, and you too can get a gf.
I am tall and white, where exactly do i get a gf?
Do your research and figure something out.
My interests are overwhelmingly male. I can't force myself to like things women like, that's like trying to enjoy food that makes you puke. Even if i try, i'll just look like a poser, faker, impostor.
lose weight
If you had to lose weight to get a girl to fall in love you then she's just going to leave you when you gain it back.
You are most likely a gay guy. Try dating those males.
manly interests make you gay
womanly interests make you gay
No, being interested exclusively in men is gay. Most guys have interests that include spending time with women, even if that means going outside.
I haven't really tested how much retardation you can really get away with when it comes to random girls interested in you.
As far as my gf goes, anything I like is cool. No idea is stupid enough to be discarded. She even started casually throwing around the word "nigger" because I find it funny.
thanks for proving i'm a mentalcel
This is the type of person you want to be bound to, a yes man?
Yes all of this happened 
KEK larping autist
Maybe you are, but we have discovered that you are gay too.
If you are that much of a giga mentalcel, try to change or it's over.
Most incels are capable of going outside, and having some kind of a conversation with a woman, but then it never goes anywhere because of their looks.
You have the looks, now you have to find some way to put yourself out there.
How ugly is she? Im so fucked in the head that i wouldnt settle for anything less than a 7/10 despite being a complete loser myself.
She is cute as fuck, but short. RIP sons. Maybe it's time for abortionmaxxing/ daughtermaxxing.
That doesn't make any sense.
Most men are simps. Yes not a minority of men are simps, but MOST men are.
That doesn't mean they tip their fedora and buy womens only-fans, it just mean men hide the fact that they do things to get close to women and are not afraid to spend money on them or spend money indirectly to be with them in some way.
They hide and lie about this to basically everyone, sometimes even themselves, just so they don't need to emotionally take responsibility for the fact that they are the same as a twitch.tv simp donating money to streamers.
Fucking ape who just can't own up to the fact that all you did was to tell a stranger on thr internet to "go outside" but you had to sugar coat this bullshit answer to look more knowledgeable.
Stay low you fucking ape.
Incel fall for false dychotomies and generalizations. Just because you can't make a woman love you if you're ugly, doesn't mean that looks is all you need. I can't even make normal friends, it's so mentally exhausting and conversations go nowhere, i just don't connect with people. 
If your advice is "just become a different person" then the same applies to incels.
My looks make strangers nicer to me, i know that, it helps when asking for directions or buying groceries. But it hurts so fucking much when you see a girl's eyes light up when you first meet and start talking to her (like first day of school), and then slowly her opinion of you crumbles into dust as she sees you talk and act until you're at best a pitiful ghost and at worst an object of ridicule.
spend money
You are an idiot. I said spend time. Most men are not "simps" in the spineless nice-guy way, they are simply interested in being around women that they are attracted to, and there are many ways to connect and share experiences where guys and girls can spend time together. Whatever parasocial bullshit you just came up with only proves more that you're gay.
I see what you mean.
Still, it might be possible to go form shy to confident.
You can't go from truecel to chad.
That's why there is hope for you.
I have been lowkey following your conversation with this other ape and I understand perfectly what you mean. Especially seeing it happen in real time, in their eyes and you are helpless too do anything about it. Even just after half an hour or so of meeting a new classmate or something similar.
I don't think I would have made it this far alive as a khv if I wasn't atleast treated nicely by most people.
The thing is that not until my mid 20s was when I started having an dea I was considered good looking or that people could be treating me much worse if I was shorter or ugly. I already thought people up until my blackpill point around 25 was treated me kinda badly and were annoying. Then when i researched into the blackpill and i was much more observant around strangers, in community college and then at work, it was obvious then that what body language, smiles, getting off easy was something I have missed all my life to see.
I think all people deserve to be treated nicely 1 on 1 or in a group, I have always done that to everyone atleast. I'm immune to caring about other people's looks since it had no bearing in my mind until I learned about it logically through the blackpill. I have to guess only a small percent of people think the way I do, or rather to not think about people's appearance, shoes, wording or even body language sometimes. I always toke people for their words and I still act like I do that while now secretly I observe other things in people for my own research.
You really have to read it again you fucking ape. I'm not just talking about spending money. Spending time to seek out things as a means to an end which soley (*insert lie here as to why this is not the case*) is to get with women is also part of what I'm talking about and it's just as simpy.
I'm not just talking about spending money
You only mentioned spending money though. Are you a different anon?
nonwhite
average height (5'9)
black hair, brown eyes
face full of acne scarring, asymmetrical
no problems ever attracting women
blackpill is tarded.
jawline can cut through glass
dick 12 inches
blackpill is tarded trust me bro
dick size is pretty much irrelevant, size queens are very rare. If you are coping about dick size you have a porn addict brain. You "just" need to be bigger than 4 inches when hard (I'd say a majority of men fit this). I'm 5.5 inches.
jawline can cut through glass
nope, I have a pretty average jaw, you can easily see my double chin
white
tall height (6'2)
brown hair, blue eyes
7/10 face
absolutely zero interest from women
Two can play at the anecdote game.
The blackpill is ENTIRELY based off anecdotes, don't you get it? They screenshot and pull up these random reddit posts by the most pathetic of cuckolds, and they show you them to make you feel like this is what everyone is going through and convince you to join the cult. That or they'll pull up dating app statistics and pretend as if dating apps aren't only just a subset of how people meet their partners. OP is using his anecdote to claim the blackpill is real too and I'm only responding with the same assumption.
Women don't live in your basement, nerd. If you would go outside they would beg for your cock.
Blackpill bvlls right, you wrong and coping.
I don't think I would have made it this far alive as a khv if I wasn't atleast treated nicely by most people.
Why are you so doubtful?
