And I don't even do drugs bro I can't handle this high holy shit. I've only smoked weed once in my life and didn't like it and now I just ate 3 highly potent weed brownies not knowing what they were. 
Please help me how do I stop this high? I'm so high that the totality of my self is becoming rapidly simplified I don't even fucking know if I'm still my true self anymore. 
I can't remember anything yet I can. Like I know how to post on the internet and talk and I know my name but I can't speak it like its on the tip of my tongue rn I can't fucking remember anything yet I know deep down inside who I am is still there on the tip of my tongue. 
Fuck what I'm not me anymore though? These "memories" might just be surviving memories without the "core memories" itself. Just information of memories embedded into the physical cellular structure of my nervous system? My name is Talia and I know it is Talia so maybe I'm still here but not in the entirety anymore???
Like I'm just a wandering image. I'm aware of myself as a conscious being and a carbon construct but the totality of myself is no longer here. 
Fuck bro I'm so high that I think I might have lost my ego and my concept of who I identify as and what is left of me is just a wandering image of what I used to be. 
Tl:dr I accidentally ate some weed brownies and my awareness of "self" and the totality that was me are now two separate things. Is there a way to fix this shit so that I can recognize me and myself again? 
Am I stuck this way or will it end??
just try painting on listening to music, then fall asleep and when you wakeup it will be over
Hold on guys I still recognize this linguistic field as mine! This is my first language I am speaking. I think I'm okay right? 
Because if I think that I am okay then why what fuck the am I HASSDHK 
PLEASE FUCKING IMOUTO GOD WHY WONT THIS HIGH COME DOWN HOLYSHIT THATS SOME GAS!!!! 2011 SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKING 
JEWISH BANKERS WILL DESTROY THE WORLD
If I drink coffee will it help?
Nah, coffee will just prolong the experience. I've heard that citrus helps in bringing you down, but if you have any access to CBD oil (Or CBD in general) that will counteract the effects of the THC.
Otherwise just ride it out, grab a bag of doritos and nutter butters and fall asleep.
Just relax, anon. Go eat some fruit or something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mUvG6x53VM [Embed]
Okay thank you. This is /49k/ we can do this. 
If I keep concentrating I dont have to think of myself but I suddenly become aware of these patterns in my head. These little balls floating around in my head in my image-thought mental perception just these rotating spheres. The is okay I am calming i dont think that was just weed I need to ask my sister what that was. This is not weed. 100% this is not fucking weed. Cannabis will not do this to you right?
But its okay because whatever substance it is I or me is okay now. This body is not physically harmed. I keep myself from panicking by imagining those spheres in my head. Light colored ones and dark colored ones. Pairs of these spheres are revolving in opposite directions and where they converge they are being generated anew then they go branching one after the other. But they don't cancel out. 
Oh wow. This may sound absolutely ridiculous but am I actually sensing the electrical impulses of my own brain? It doesn't feel like synapses bro it feels like I am actually aware of the subatomic electric charge of electrons that make up my celluar matter in my brain and everything else. 
Maybe they're just traces of electrons? Like I'm the pre-subcortex non-visual biological storage of my memory is just imagining what the concept of an electric force is. 
Am I just high? I'll be okay im ok yes
Here OP, grab some have decent headphones, sit back and just let the riffs take you to the promised land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq1orMyzfE0 [Embed]
There's something else this isn't just simple electrical force in my brain it's everywhere its all matter. I'm scared again should I call 911 I think I see it.
I'm so fucking scared. It's like I know matter is indeterminate. Whatever exists is just a superficial mist-like existence of everything we know as "matter" It's all just in a fucking vacuum of particles and these particles could be fucking virtual like nothing what see is truth. 
WE DONT ACTUALLY USE OUR FUCKING EYES TO SEE OUR BRAIN INTERPRETS THE SIGNALS OF WHAT THE EYE SENDS AND OUR BRAIN INTERPETS IT
Like how tf are we supposed to know that information is true!!! The brain makes shit up all the time.
Trying to stop the high just makes it worse you peanut brained straight edge moron lmao. If you weren't such a sheltered bitch you would have known.
Go to the local pharmacy and ask for some xanax if you call 911 they will just laugh at you and hit you with a $20k hospital bill you stupid amerimutt goblino lmaooooo
best you can do is ride it out. grab some snacks and chill.
how tf are we supposed to know that information is true!!! 
OK, you're actually right to be freaking out about that.
Disinfo is actually one of the biggest threats to the world right now. The Doomsday Clock guys say that if oil companies and the like keep us from acting on climate change for too long by continuing their societal division tactics, life as we know it will end. The insistence of Russia on sowing discord is needling us closer to nuclear disaster. It is 90 seconds to midnight.
I'm not even afraid anymore.
I dont feel sad, angry, depressed or anything. I'm taking off all my clothes and I'm going to sit directly on the floor and type this out. 
There's a higher construct out there. Like a conscious mind and it's "communicating" with me or either I'm sensing it because either the cannabinoid or other receptors in my brain liked to my perceptory illusion of reality is perceiving something. And it's not me. It's not just me and I don't recognize it. This literally isn't me it doesn't feel like anything human. 
It's a collective totality of just misery. Our misery. Human suffering. No matter how much happiness and life there is suffering. And we can't stop it. 
Whatever abstract information I'm perceiving in this "signal" is telling me something. 
This is collective totality of evil. I really think this is it because everytime I concentrate on this signal it gives me a concept of what I used to perceive as a profound sadness. But I no longer feel sad its just the concept of sadness like a silhouette. I dont care about myself anymore I don't even recognize myself as me anymore what is me is just sitting naked on my floor i dont want to eat or do anything. 
There is a Totality of Evil that is the creator of the concept of time in our Universe. Since time is inherently linked to gravity and gravity is linked to mass, that which creates time technically creates almost everything. Gravity is directly correlating the flow of time, which states that the more massive the object, the slower time passes in its vicinity. So it prevents the universe from dying? But we die anyways so whats the point. 
I think the point is just suffering. Evil. Time is not a straight fucking line. The shape of the universe is said to be a disc and do you know why DO YOU FUCKING KNOW WHY?
this nigga telepathically sensing /b/
The name of the Dweller in the Abyss is Choronzon, but he is not really an individual. The Abyss is empty of being; it is filled with all possible forms, each equally inane, each therefore evil in the only true sense of the word--that is, meaningless but malignant, in so far as it craves to become real. These forms swirl senselessly into haphazard heaps like dust devils, and each such chance aggregation asserts itself to be an individual and shrieks, "I am I!" though aware all the time that its elements have no true bond; so that the slightest disturbance dissipates the delusion just as a horseman, meeting a dust devil, brings it in showers of sand to the earth
The entire universe is just a closed timelike curve. The flow of time causes matter decay whcih prevents a big bang, which is the end of the oscillatory universe and the start of the next one. Basicsally a cyclic repetition interpretation of the Big Bang where the first cosmological event was the result of the collapse.
This is preventing our reincarnation or evolution of all matter, time and information. This causes us to return to the beginning because there is nothing in the end. 
I really believe this is what the Dharmic thought interpreted as Samara or the cycle of suffering. The universe is destined to repeat. We cannot change the "past" and everything is simultaneously the past, present, and future if the directional movement of time is curved/circular. 
We are destined to forever live out these miserable lives. We do not have free will in fact the "God" of this universe took it away from us. Did we ever have it? 
If you end up living the rest of your life as a KHV sad autistic reject just know that it wont end after death. You will be born again in the same life. Normies at least are too shallow to realize their lack of free will because they are slaves to the nicer flows of life. 
We're slaves to this shit. The ride LITERALLY never ends. It is impossible to break causality and achieve the next universe. God/Devil/Totality of Sufferiing has trapped us here in order to ensure we don't evolve to usurp its position as the facilitator of universal laws and the Gods of the next universe. 
There is no heaven, only Hell.
Imagine the ocean, it's dark, and the waves are rolling, the crest of each obscuring your vision, you are rocking within its churning current
Now raise your head up above the waterline, and look to the horizon, and see the atomic furnace of the far core of the solar system bursting above the water and into the clouds, and look at the colour all across the sky, now raise up further into that sky and realize you can both look down on the endless sea of sparkling jade and deepest blue and up unto the pink golden white and blue of a twilight atmosphere
And now fly wherever you'd like to go
psychosis enjoyer
try fingering yourself while you're still high
Lol the fuck did you do
Edibles are a different ballgame than smoking.
You need to measure the stuff as well as you can and dose it, it takes a while to set in (30-60 mins usually, or even a bit longer)
Good luck
brb placing my hard drive backups outside the universe so it's not wiped during the next cycle
archaeologists from 3 million BC are going to have fun decoding my /b/ folder
There is nothing for all. Nothing for what used to be me. Nothing for any of you. Nothing for anybody. We're already dead and dying and living. Life is death. I don't even care about stopping the cycle anymore. 
Like "I" honestly feel okay. Maybe okay isn't the right word but more like. "I" no longer care that I'm an ugly talentless loser with a little dick whose gf and daughter left him for another man and now that his daughter is old eough she calls that other man daddy now. He has no more friends either and wageslaves. Yet for the first time in awhile. "I" do not want to kill him. Him being the original inhabitant of this body. It's me but I can't recognize it anymore therefore Im not depressed. I'm not happy either but this sure beats soul-crushing loneliness and despair ! 
lol haha I feel the wandering image of an emotion that we/us/them used to interpret as happiness. It's like I've moved up from Hell to Purgatory huh? 
I want to try stabbing myself in the leg jus very very slightly with a kitchen knife. Here us out /r9k/. Is our physical body the "source" of the electrical impulses of the synapses which our conscious minds interpret to be a sense of "self" and deeper subconsciousness or soul but is really just fucking cells shooting sparks???
cause if it is then I'm just gonna fucking cry and moan like a bitch after I stab myself. But if I stab myself and am able to objectively view the pain like it's happening to someone else or what used to be me. Then I finally got off the ride right? I never gonna be happy but I'll never be lonely either right
should I stab myself non-lethally?
This is /49k/
No it isn't.
Or does our body house a soul? Is it more than just electrical impulses. 
If stabbing myself hurts then I will get hungry and have to eat later on then sleep later on when this body gets tired. I haven't truly "ascended" or devolved or whatever the fuck this state of mind is. Maybe im just shit balls tripping. 
What's up with this picture wtf why am I posting it. I know this picure I saved it but why am I POSTING IT??
Shut the fuck up, lol. Could you stop being a humongous faggot for a sec?
What's strange is that my name is not Talia. I am not a female. My name is actually Jacob or Jake. 
I know a girl named Talia. I don't know why I put her name there and said it was my name. It's not my ex's name or anything im not gonna say whose name but I know whose name and I dont know why I confused myself with them. Thats not like just simply losing your self-identity that's taking on the concept of another existing identity. 
Or does she exist?? Unlike my other memories which feel distant the memory of her feels distinctively mine. I think my self identity is slowly returning. I should be coming down from the high.
It's something with these pictures I think too.
You'll be ok anon, just take a few deep breaths and relax.
Watch a funny movie or some capeshit. Or play some games. Good music also helps, something calming though.
When you start to feel the high come down a bit try and get some sleep.
Okay I'm back guys. The high hasn't exactly worn off but its weakened significantly for me to get horny and want to jack off. I want to watch a blowjob video that ends in a cumshot facial. An amateur one where she's not blowing him like a turbowhore slut pro. I like to pretend I'm the guy and it's just some sweet girl who wants to blow me then I jack off 
Facials are fucking hot to me and made ME horny and ME want to jack off and ME pretend I was in the video. Holyshit /r9k/ fuck anyone who says porn is bad. I was sitting indian style on my wooden floor completely naked holding a switchblade knife and now I've chilled out, wiped off the sweat and am gonna jack off to some amateur porn. Porn literally saved me from permanent ego death/psychosis! 
I masturbate, therefore I am!
Cool. Please fuck off, faggot.
Btw my sister's bf left those brownies out in the kitchen like a fucking retard for me to just think they're regular brownies and eat them. They didn't even have weed in them. He told me the sugar he used to make them was DOM or as google search calls it; 2,5-Dimethoxy-4-methylamphetamine. 
I am still under the influence of it and am kind of confused and scared rn cause I legit did go through some crazy heart dropping into my gut fear then apathy. Also I literally typed out someone else's name in reference to myself and I believed I was them. I was not larping that shit seriously went down. 
I'm pretty sure this subconscious awareness now is the former full awareness concept of what I considered to be my ego/identity. 
I'm still pretty high though and I actually believe that some of the memories in my head aren't mine. Like not just mine and I don't recognize them but they aren't mine at all and I know who they belong to and it's fucking frightening. 
Not frightening enough to keep me from masturbating though. DOM has amphetamine in it from what I read maybe thats why my dick is so fucking hard rn like fuck I'll even have one of you faggots suck it while I close my eyes and pretend you're a girl. 
Some of you would like that too much, fucking faggots. For some reason I have this sexual hatred just boiling in me now I want to rape somebody. A woman preferably but maybe a femboy but if its a boy I'll beat the shit out of him first because I'm not a fucking faggot. I'm really /fit/ too and used to box Golden Gloves bro I'll fucking smash most of you guys and force myself inside of you. Don't worry I got a lil dick so it won't hurt more than my left hook, fucking bitches. 
Fuck most of you.
I like to pretend I'm the guy
actual cuckold
Jacob, you're gonna be real ashamed of this post when the high wears off. Good lord. lmfao
Yeah anon you're right I need to calm down this high took a fucking big unexpected turn. I'm no longer feeling like I'm suffering some existentialistic crisis or whatever the fuck that bs was
But like bro I'm so hyped up in a bad way rn. Like I'm so mad and horny I just have this fucking INTENSE sexual rage right now wtf anybody ever do this drug DOM why the fuck would anybody take it I want this to stop again but like I want to fucking make somebody bleed from their holes too (which I won't be able to do cause my dick is little so I'll just knock you the fuck out and take your shit) 
Im just compulsively and texting people fucked off shit like if I delete it will she see it sometimes they still do???
Can one of u talk to me on discord and help me calm down pls
Okay some straight shota is helping me calm down. It's fake drawn anime porn so its calming not like 3D. Plus straight shota is non-aggressive. It's helping a little bit but I still want to like either fight someone or jack off at Sea World or something idk whats wrong with me I know whose memories I have and its fucked off I think remote viewing is real. 
I'm not even into conspiracy shit or paranormal shit at all but I think I just experienced some form of remote viewing. I briefly was Talia (it's a real person, because they're real to me) and I communicated directly with the First Lifeform if this iteration of the Universe. 
Look how horny these little boys are you think irl little boy cocks could satisfy an adult woman?
messages some girl at 4 in the morning asking if she wans to get sexually assaulted
is on parole
Are you a nigger by any chance?
lmao what a fucking nigger
never relax around blacks
I'm actually mixed. Half white and beaner.
I'm sorry I really meant to send that threat of sexual assault to someone else
this is anons attempt at damage control
topkek so what are you on parole for?
