Why does society continue to use incels, autists, right wingers, and introverts as scapegoats when they're responsible for less than 1% of rape, murders, and robberies? When are we going to accept that "red flags" don't actually exist? You could pass all the red flag laws in the world. The homicide rate will still be exactly the same. The vast majority of murder, rape, kidnapping, burglaries, robberies, and sexual assault is committed by neurotypicals, not neurodivergent people. If you look inside our prisons you see nothing but loud sweaty confident extroverts and neurotypical men. You don't see quiet introverts.
Incels and autists are less than 1% of the population. If anything their crimes are underrepresented. Not sure about right wingers or introverts, THOUGH. R*ddit and the rest of normie internet loooves introverts like they love science.
Not quite. Humans are sociable. Antisocials are generally the biggest population in the slave labor system. Antisocials are generally neuroatypical, their brains show atrophy in places where it should not.
Reminder that Hitler was a normie
I was sure this comment was originalli
The vast majority of first degree murders and rapes in this country are committed by sexually active men. So how come we're constantly told over and over that it's right wing male virgins who supposedly have the "profile" and "red flags"? Even when you take into account per capita, body count, women and children, innocent bystanders, and aggravating circumstances. The normies still have the incels beat. Yet only one of the crimes gets reported on the news and appears in the trending stories algorithms on social media. Incels are an imaginary threat created by Reddit, Twitter, and the media to distract people from the real criminals. Nice try Schlomo.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4318286/
http://news.vanderbilt.edu/2014/12/mental-illness-wrong-scapegoat-shootings/
https://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/full/10.2105/AJPH.2014.302242
this nigga serious?
Because rape and murder were much more common when incels and autists were not rejected. There are even stories today of incels who go shooting innocent children and women.
Just because some incels becomes sexually active, doesn't mean they stop being violent. These people DO NOT fit in with society. They are dangerous.
Chads and Tyrones are responsible for 99% of the 15,000 murders, 50,000 rapes, 300,000 robberies, 690,000 aggravated assaults, and 650,000 motor vehicle thefts that happen every year in the US. Yet "weird people" get all the blame and constantly get told they have the profile and red flags just for existing because of some rare story the news keeps obsessing over. Anyone else sick of this shit? Normie on normie crime is okay. But once an incel or perceived incel allegedly commits a crime against a normie it's an unforgivable human rights abuse.
The crazy thing is that it would be 200,000 murders if incels were not rejected from society. Murder used to be pretty common.
Hes a coping normie. He thinks if he self improoooves and therapies hard enough he will get laid eventually
Normies already get laid, dork. Your own dad probably got laid a few times.
Originallly original oregano
Rosemary and thyme
Salt and pepper
Go make me more bennies you braindead niggercattle
Have you never been on /r9k/ before? How naive can you be? Some of these people can't stop talking about murder, especially against innocent women.
sounds like the lyrics to an average rap song and normies love that shit.
Maybe an average rap song in Ohio.
because they are retarded.
Basically this. Even retards are having sex these days, just imagine how much dumber the sexless normies are.
They don't want to blame their own kind.
They're shooting fish in a barrel instead.
Because they need a bogeyman. And what better bogeyman than wrong thinking right winger . Extra points if the said person is lower social status incel, because nobody fucking cares what happens to them, might as well kill them, society wont bat eye. But before they do kill them or put them on FEMA Camps, there needs to be a good narrative for it first.
They do it because they need to put the blame on someone. It's better when it's put on people that nobody in the society gives a flying fuck about. It used to be ethnic minorities in the past, but now it's secluded men very low in the social status.
