Good evening Anonymous, welcome to Jofukyo Bodhisattva's Daily Metta Thread. Are you feeling lonely, dejected, or are you simply looking for a nice thread? Don't be afraid to pour your heart out in this thread and ask me anything. I am the Bodhisattva Never Disparaging (Jofukyo), I will deliver love to the world and enlighten others with compassion and kindness!
Are you happy? What would make you happy?
Are you happy?
I wouldn't call myself happy.
What would make you happy?
Having a real life social outlet with friends who share my interests, a stable mind and meeting a dear person who lives across the sea.
Do you think that there could be an afterlife?
Near Death Experiences often shed life on the existence of an afterlife, there are many unsolved cases of people remembering their past lives recorded in the archives of history. So the existence of an afterlife isn't to be excluded. https://puredhamma.net/dhamma/evidence-for-rebirth/
Have you considered joining a local Buddhist sect? Be careful, there are sects that prey upon their students for book sales and other silly things. Imagine being lead through a guided meditation of worship of the leader figure of that sect. I experienced this and was disgusted.
I am already an official member of a temple, there just aren't any people in my age range there to whom I could talk, and certainly not any lonely autists or single girls. My school is quite traditionalist and openly denounces the heinous acts of Soka Gakkai and the other heretical sects around the world.
I will read it thank you. What is your take on dealing with a situation where someone close to oneself has an opinion or view that one finds abhorrent?
I'm not sure how to let go of my desires and sense of control when it comes to dealing with other people
in most other aspects of life is so easy to ignore temptation but with people it feels like it you aren't putting in the effort you get left behind
What is your take on dealing with a situation where someone close to oneself has an opinion or view that one finds abhorrent?
That depends on the view, unless that person is holding a view that's causing harm to others, i suggest you to find a compromise.
I'm not sure how to let go of my desires and sense of control when it comes to dealing with other people
in most other aspects of life is so easy to ignore temptation but with people it feels like it you aren't putting in the effort you get left behind
What desires get in the way of your relationships?
I just feel like I want to control people. I have one guy in my friends group who acts so different around the woman I like to spend my time with, it always irritates me and on both fronts I feel like I am just too attached, but if don't want to just let go
I have one guy in my friends group who acts so different around the woman I like to spend my time with, it always irritates me and on both fronts I feel like I am just too attached, but if don't want to just let go
it seems like you're just being protective of her, i wouldn't call it wanting to control people, it's only a natural reaction
thank you for the perspective, I appreciate it and hope I can internalize the idea
I really struggle with guilt. I feel guilty for feeling like I can dislike a friend when he acts so differently. I feel guilty for even liking someone enough to want to protect them.
I really struggle with guilt. I feel guilty for feeling like I can dislike a friend when he acts so differently. I feel guilty for even liking someone enough to want to protect them.
You should not dislike the people per se, but their actions, and you should point out their misdemeanors whenever you are able to
ah, I think you are right. I need to mention it if it really bothers me, when it happens.
Where does your chosen name and anime girl image come from? Also plz send good vibes.
Where does your chosen name and anime girl image come from?
Fukyo is a wandering monk and a bodhisattva in the Lotus Sutra
Byakuren is a buddhist nun from the Touhou franchise
Also plz send good vibes.
May your life be filled with opportunities, may all beings receive infinite blessings, may love be the uncontested ruler of this world!
