The sole reason incels hate trans people is because they're the only ones below them in the sexual pecking order. 
Normies, Chads, even Redditors - everyone is above KHHVs who never had a girlfriend, but trans people still seem more vulnerable, so incels pick on them.
I'm pretty sure most people don't like trannies. They're gross and weird.
My take is incels have an extremely fucked up sense of human social dynamics. They see everyone as animals and slaves to instinct, hence the concept of women wanting chad genetics etc which is all bullshit. Trans people reject their genetics which destabalizes the idea that everyone is slave to their genes. Incels are also stupid and generally right wing, so it might just be that trans people are new to them, which must mean they're scary and evil.
This post pretty much sums it up.
There is a difference between not liking deformed and ugly people vs advocating for their genocide and spending a non-trival time thinking about how you hate ugly people
People are for the most part simply slaves to their genetics. Trans people are no different, because the fact is that most of them are doing it because of social pressure and are women (who are genetically wired to be more receptive to social pressure). Men who are trannies are just weird perverts who are into weird shit like interracial or are pedos or who worship women as an abstract idea (should be obvious why misogynists like us find that unpalatable).
Honestly, if you think the average person isn't completely controlled by their biology, I gotta wonder what world you are living in.
Honestly, if you think the average person isn't completely controlled by their biology, I gotta wonder what world you are living in.
Fundamental attribution error. When you do something, you do it for reasons x, y, and z. When someone else does something, they're a "slave to their biology."
I'm a slave to my biology same as anyone else, difference is that like most robots I have autism so my biology isn't the same as a normal persons. As the kids say I'm "built different"
Honestly, if you think the average person isn't completely controlled by their biology, I gotta wonder what world you are living in.
This world view is baffling to me. None of the things I do or care about are determined by my genes.
Normies, Chads, even Redditors - everyone is above KHHVs who never had a girlfriend
This is the best b8 I've seen in a while. I'm saving this for future use.
Literally everyone hates trannies. Even the Chad I fucking detest hates trannies.
Literally everything you care about was determined by your genes my man. You being in denial of that doesn't make it not true. I'm sure most robots wish they could just not desire sex, a gf, a wife, a family. If I could not desire those things then my life would be way less painful. I can't just stop myself from desiring them though, because that is part of my biology. Maybe my life would be easier if I could accept casual sex and just live like a normie, but I can't because a slow life history strategy is just part of my biology.
The build a noose and fly away to heaven.
You're absolutely right. People who deny the importance of genetics are retarded or just avoidant of reality (perhaps to cope). But what else to expect? They're tranny supporters, so them not having a brain is obvious.
Desiring shit has nothing to do with your genes. I wanted a gf when I was in middle school, but now I don't, and haven't for more then 15 years.
Yeah has nothing to do with trannies wanting to ruin every single hobby and women trying to psyop us into we are volcel if we don't get with a man in a dress.
I don't hate trans people
don't group all of us with /pol/fags.
You don't have to be a /pol/fag to hate troons. I hate both. /pol/ is full of normalfags, and troons are just disgusting.
I hate pol because pol hates me for being non-white
I don't care about trannies because I have nothing to do with trannies. let them take hormones or whatever, it's not affecting me so I don't understand why other incels think I should hate them.
I don't hate them in fact I don't give a shit about them until they try and suggest that shit to people that are mentally unstable. A lot of them on The Internet sell it as a cure all and children shouldn't be allowed to transition because most of them don't even understand what the hell they are doing.
women trying to psyop us into we are volcel if we don't get with a man in a dress.
Those are trannies trying to promote sex with trannies.
/pol/ is full of normalfags
you gotta be kidding
I hate trannies because they are histrionic, attention whore crybullies who are shitting up tons of hobbies and online communities. I'm also not a fan of how they are gaslighting the entire world about being women.
Are (You) kidding? I see people on there all the time bringing up their wives and kids. Hell, there's even one poster who keeps spamming pictures of his wife and kids for whatever reason.
they are all reddit spacing election faggots who care about typical normalfag shit like political drama and social matters. /pol/ and /b/ are the most normie boards on this site. you aren't "le quirky memeing outcasts kek", you are all fucking bog-standard culture warrior trash.
If you have to explain this to someone, they're new, and you should tell them to go back to plebbit instead.
