I want to get laid once, but I've never even kissed a girl before. Now that I'm 22 and out of college, I don't know where'd you even meet women. It's killing me anons, I just want to feel love once. I know you're all experts, so what do I do?
10 year college reunion anon will be your moment in the sun
Idk homie I'm 30 and I've only slept with hookers
Not even close. I'm a year out of college already and still unemployed. It's not that I'm not trying, just haven't struck it lucky yet. I'm looking to put college as far behind me as possible possible.
It's pointless. Just find a loving dog instead. After all, she'd be more loyal then any femoid.
go to a city near you with women, at like, you know, a bar?
That is one powerful fusion. Move over Frieza and Cooler, there is a new nightmare
You don't
If women want to be with you, they'll make it obvious and they'll actually approach you and talk to you. I heard a woman once tell a story that she ran over and gave her number to a guy. I once saw a woman approach a man at a bar and basically straddle his leg while standing (he was sitting) and hover her knee a few inches from his groin. 
Women are whores, even when they are chaste, they as still whores, they just know how to control it better.
The only times women want a man to approach is when they want the man to be "dominant". The only way this works is if the man doesn't give a shit about how women feel. If you approach a woman and actually have empathy as a human being, you've already lost. Women don't want men who approach them to be respectful or mindful of their feelings. If they did, then they wouldn't want the man to be in a situation where he can run the risk of making them uncomfortable by way of misinterpreted signs. 
Even if you play your cards right and manage to balance out being respectful with being "aloof", it's not a game that you'll win unless you decide to ghost on the woman or break things off with her first. Otherwise she'll eventually get bored and stop talking to you
Do you have any interests or hobbies? You can look for a girl at a place or store with a similar interest in mind or maybe get a job where you have the opportunity to meet people?
im a 30 y/o khv and i've only dated online. in about a month though im meetin my gf to do the dirty
basically if you're a racist misogynist it won't work out unless you have money and perpetuate the type of man you think the world wants there to be. but if you believe that women are human here's what i did so far
most people, not just women, but most people have a fuckign horrible awful time trying to have a conversation. they give 1 word responses and just act like they don't wanna be there.
the normie thing and the chad thing and the non-beta thing is to not give up. it's not a one and done even for chad. just keep tryin. and when you get socially drained then give yourself time. you'll get lonely again and try again. sometimes it feels like i go months without even wanting anyone then i get lonely and it sucks for a month then somehow i will actually get 5 girls talking to me at a time. im not cute either. im fat and bald and i live at home.
unironically read this:https://on72yfgh06.pdfdrive.space/dl2.php?id=184452136&amp;h=7f5d82546e7ebd950260489c014dc098&amp;u=cache&amp;ext=pdf&amp;n=Models%20attract%20women%20through%20honesty
this isn't your typical PUA bullshit, it offers actual genuine realistic advice, it helped me get my first girlfriend in high school.
