It's like... why on Earth would you nerf your own existence?
Every aspect of your life is downgraded. It's like applying a debuff to yourself that you can never undo.
You were living life on tutorial island with cheat codes enabled, only to switch to hardcore nightmare mode cheats disabled with no co-op mode.
Why do this to yourselves?
Sexual abuse + internalized misogyny. They don't want to be victims again. Most troons are rape victims.
What does that have to do with hating women? Most FtM trannies still have retarded feminist opinions
A lot of them hate women, no idea why. A lot of "feminists" these days hate actual women.
they don't understand themselves either.
they do this shit, then people start to treat them like males and they freak out going from treated well as a girl to being completely isolated as an ugly manlet.
then they pivot hard into feminism, give up the larp and blame men for making them hate their femaleness and trying to be male.
Women are fucking retards that actually think its easier being a 2/10 manlet than a woman.
Or they shoot up schools
LOL
i support this shit so fucking much. you have my support 100%, queen
just fucking LOL. watching females throw away their privileged is so satisfying, kek
Many of them are autistic. Autism causes them to reject female socialisation because the autistic mind is incompatible with convoluted social games. This, along with many other traits typical of the autist (solitary, single-minded, direct, pragmatic, genuinely invested in one's hobbies), causes them to feel disconnected from their female peers and identify more with their male peers.
t. Autistic female who almost fell for the FTM meme.
We robots should find these autistic females before they get roped into this shit.
Problem is I don't like to go out
they don't like robots
autistic women, like all women, are chad-only.
I'll spell it out for you. 1 in 1,000 human beings are born with a crossed wire in their brain making them have an internal drive telling them to be the opposite sex. You're welcome
They don't like to go out either. Puts them at risk for being sucked into online tranny spaces. I'm a natural skeptic so it didn't have lasting effects on me (got banned from a tranny Discord for wrongthink lel), but others are not so fortunate.
would you have a detransition ftmtf gf?
i would only if she kept her vag. i would call her flattie and be like "delicious flat chest ToT" to cheer her up. i don't even mind voice, as long as she gets laser hair removal on her new beard
I was a mtf troon for a while and honestly I can say it was all because I'm autistic. Thankfully I never took hormones but I'm stuck with an ugly haircut, poor body image and not understanding female social cues. Though I am retarded so myb I wouldve never understood social cues, all I know is that Im outcast from most female social circles
no. I actually like the manvoice on ftm detransitioners but sadly i can't live without boobs.
Typical female social circles aren't worth it especially if you're autistic. I went to an all girls school for 4 years and didn't make a single close friend. All female friend groups do is sit around, do boring stuff and bitch about other people. Male friend groups actually do fun and interesting things together and have camaraderie. I moved to a mixed school and it was there that I made my first true friends.
idk about autistic women but I'm an autistic male and gossip and talking about other people just drains me, I don't know why, it's very hard to keep my attention on it and if you can't you basically won't ever make any female friends.
FTMs are fujoshis or lesbians so they don't want to have the straight woman privileges you mentioned
Or >>72999569 and they don't care for social structures at all.
Thing is men hate me as well. I don't know if I'm just not likeable but most of the time it's me not understanding social boundaries and stuff
all women have privileges.
it is made clear when ftms lose them, freak out and detrans.
and many of the detransers are fujoshis and lesbians so of course they lose their female privilege too when trying to be men.
gossip and talking about other people just drains me, I don't know why, it's very hard to keep my attention on it
It's not useful or interesting. Why should I care about who made out with who at whose party when who was watching.
It's no great loss for me.
i dont think you appreciate just how piss easy female life is. they live on just-exist mode
Many of them detrans because of the health issues caused by artificial hormones and the complications from surgeries.
I tried hooking up with an FtM once and it was the shittiest experience of my life lmao
Was so disgusted by the experience that I just straight up left after 5 minutes
At first i thought "woah lucky anon he somehow went to an all girl's school, must have drowned in pussy"
What female privilege could fujos who want to be gay men possibly want?
they don't realize they had it until they lose it trying to be gay men.
then they detrans to regain the privilege.
about what the privilege is, it is social support in every aspect of life, better school experience, better college opportunities, better help from the government through women specific programs, women's programs in college, free birth control from organizations like planned parenthood to fuck chads, better social life with more friends and romantic opportunities, lower prison sentences, better psychiatric help since 80% or so of mental health professionals are women, etc.
there are too many to count, you just take it for granted and come here to complain on a board of failed males instead of sticking with your tribe on crystal cafe or tumblr.
been in two relationships before turning 20
One, which I am still in. Has been going for 2.5+ years now.
have a steady circle of friends consisting of 10+ people
I have 1 close friend and about 4 other friends.
drink alcohol
I don't, it's poison.
get invited to parties
I don't.
travel to other countries on a monthly basis
The last time I went to another country within the past 8 years was a family holiday.
go to concerts
I don't, except those where my friend who is a (classical) musician performs.
No one does.
I wouldn't say that I struggle socially because I care very little about socialising; however my social life is not normie tier.
I think my main 'struggle' in life is having to deal with people who have vastly different priorities to me and don't understand what I want out of it.
"Doctors" who do this should be lynched by the public
May allah save us from this demonic shit some day
stfu faggot
these foidscum are responsible for getting their own tits chopped.
doctor is just giving them what they asked for.
Are you retarded? Nothing in the picture describes me and that's what I just explained.
yeah sure, totally unlike the picture.
So to be a trve non-normie I have to have had 0 relationships, 0 friends, 0 trips to other countries (including trips with family and moving house), and 0 concert attendances. Got it.
they were raped or beaten when they were younger and they are extremely vulnerable
doctors and therapists encourage them to chop their fucking tits off
fifteen years ago they would develop an eating disorder instead and get prescribed zoloft
You wouldn't get it since you are a scrote and lack empathy so my explanation would be wasted on you. Peace out
Some of them do both. Many troons have eating disorders.
Because in their retarded leftist spaces they are constantly being told men live better lives because of DA PATRIARCHY.
Of course, we know men live on hardcore mode but they don't, FtM trannyism is divine justice from God himself.
Why are incels against trannies? Let men experience easy female lives and let women see what misery is like.
No they weren't stop propagating this feminist propaganda that most women get raped at some point.
They are mentally fucking ill and their community keeps telling them transitioning and living like males would be sooooo much better because leftist scum are out of touch with reality.
Most women start experiencing sexual harassment and objectification around the age of 7-10 years old, I have a personal bad experience of being creeped on at age 8 and I was groomed at 16 by a 30 year old
Even if you weren't violently raped being a woman is a trauma in the misogyny you experience and how your childhood is cut short by the throngs of men looking to exploit you for their own coom. Makes sense some women try to escape that by opting out of womanhood altogether. Sad since they fucking can't
Wrong and retarded on top of that. Kill yourself just because your creepy uncle gave you a hug doesn't mean you were molested. It's definitely not "most women" it's not even 10 percent.
why are you on this evil male board anyway if you hate us so much? fuck off to crystal cafe and deal with fewer men in your life.
would you want to be on the tutorial island for your entire playthrough?
because entire game on tutorial island gives you more achievements than nightmare mode in regular game.
You have to live with the knowledge that those achievements weren't earned. Other players, with their hard-earned achievements, will have nothing but disdain for you. There is no proof that you don't suck at the game.
You're a lazy fuck with no honour if that's the way you think.
You're an imbecile 
WAHHHH BOOHOO ABLUH BLUH WAHHHHHH
theres no honor in carrying a turd the size of a SUV if you can jsut not carry that turd. its a false sense of honor, entirely unfustified
doesnt matter. they make life 100 times better
You're a lazy fuck with no honour
theres no honor in carrying a turd the size of a SUV if you can jsut not carry that turd. its a false sense of honor, entirely unfustified
doesnt matter. they make life 100 times better
tf? i couldnt care less what anyone thinks about me now. why would i care if im winning at everything?
lol
Sometimes I wish that humans reproduced asexually, then most of the world's problems would be solved.
It comes with the downside of everyone treating you like an incompetent retard even if you aren't one. It gets demoralising if you have any intelligence, individuality or ambition. Given your outlook I presume you have none.
delusional/fake idea of what a man is and how the other sex lives and works and whatever.
the same as troons with their caricature of femininity, you'll se ftm and lesbos always use a deep weird voice and use words like "bro" and always have a "manly" weird scowl expression.
ok ayden faggot, see you telling your detrans story on youtube in 6 months.
The only intelligent posts in this thread.
I'm not a troon you simpleton.
i've found the norm to be them just isolating, though. must be contemporary media tipping the scales.
on another note, are you single?
I worked with one who had nice juggs but an ugly tard-looking face. I think she just liked guy stuff more, like hunting, and just wanted to be one. I dunno, whatever, I can get having your tits removed, but the whole cutting the skin off your leg to make a numb, fake dick is just insanity. The chick 'he' ended up dating was just as ugly as 'she' was, so in the end they could have just done lesbo stuff together and had a much better time with actual working genitals.
Kill simps. Behead simps. Roundhouse kick a simp into the concrete. Slam dunk a simp teenager into the trashcan. Crucify filthy simps. Defecate in a simp's food. Launch simps into the sun. Stir fry simps in a wok. Toss simps into active volcanoes. Urinate into a simp's gas tank. Judo throw simps into a wood chipper. Twist simps' heads off. Report simps to the IRS. Karate chop simps in half. Curb stomp drooling simps. Trap simps in quicksand. Crush simps in the trash compactor. Liquefy simps in a vat of acid. Eat simps. Dissect simps. Exterminate simps in the gas chamber. Stomp simp skulls with steel toed boots. Cremate simps in the oven. Lobotomize simps. Mandatory castration for simps. Grind simp testicles in the garbage disposal. Drown simps in fried chicken grease. Vaporize simps with a ray gun. Kick old simps down the stairs. Feed simps to alligators. Slice simps with a katana.
I could go into this more but reasons could be penis envy, sexual trauma, autism, and inability to come to terms with or accept sexual maturation. FtM trannies don't want to become men because they think it's somehow life on easy mode, it's something else. Almost all troons both FtM and MtF are autistic.
Finally, a correct answer.
they absolutely believe that because 100% of them are feminists (even if they claim they aren't).
and they reveal their feminist nature after they detransition and are welcomed by their radfem cult.
they'll all die in their 40's from being overweight, not exercising, eating the goyslop, and taking exogenous test.
Sure some, but not all. I know because I almost trooned out at a very young age and it's not as if I ever did it for attention or told anyone.
What men envy about women:
easy to get sex
What women envy about men:
attention
What women envy about men:
favours
What women envy about men:
feelings are validated
What women envy about men:
Women who want to be men are far more respectable than men who want to be women.
My motivation for almost trooning out (I quickly realised it was delusional and desisted) was believing that I had a male brain. Nothing to do with easy mode.
Simply put, women who want to be men want to be better. Men who want to be women are pathetic.
99% of the time it's autism combined with being targeted by predatory trannies on Instagram/Tiktok. Girls are more vulnerable to online grooming because they are socialised to conform to the social "in group", if they can't fit in with more feminine girls they will end up falling prey to tranny groomers. Also schools nowadays are woke and will freely give advice about transitioning to the kid behind their parents' back.
Exactly, that's the norm for us robots. The fact that you think no one could possibly live like that demonstrates how out of place you are around here
I don't think that.
There is also a world of difference between how I live and how the average normie lives. I may be out of place here, but I am even more out of place among normies.
Then the pedo dementia dictator declares a day of honouring the psychotic troons. But if a White straight man goes nuts, (((TPTB))) and the (((MSM))) spam non-stop White hate for months. It really makes you think, doesn't it?
Yes
I'm sure the non-stop pro troon propaganda and the fact that rich psychotic pieces of shit make billions off of clinically retarded idiots trooning out has NOTHING to do with it! Right?!
Fuck you I just want to stop feeling and looking like a disgusting piece of shit. Although there really isnt a point in trooning out as a male because everyone can tell your simply a mockery of gods work. Not to mention how every mtf tranny is a porn addicted man slut with a fursona they draw or commission smut of constantly. Existence is pain.
Anon, your brain is so diseased with /pol/ propaganda that I would be surprised if you could ever work a job or start a family.
No that's ftms. Only a tiny portion of mtfs are like that. Ftms are the ones who draw furry porn all day for money
Its because most women are retarded whores. I can see why radfems dislike most other women.
you're right that's why a whopping 0.3% of the population is trans and only fraction ever detrans of which only a fraction of a fraction of that fraction detrans after actually getting on hormones despite tranny shit being all the rage in the media for half a decade now.
Exactly. I don't want to be associated with those vapid halfwits.
It's a nihilistic mental illness. Like depression it will eventually kill you.
lmao. I agree.
If you really had a male brain you wouldnt want to troon out in the firsg place, you would use reason and see it for the absurd it is
If you could read you would have noticed that that's exactly what I did.
We all make errors of judgement. What's important is whether one can recognise and resolve the error.
I didmt even need to check the early life
It gets tiresome, sometimes I widh I didnt know this stuff, I wouldnt have to hide my power level
I said 
Because the urge to do something stupid wouldnt even appear (thats why "in the first place"). Maybe you are the one who needs to learn to read
I agree reconcilianon
At least you didnt troon out
The only ftm I know is chill and like any other male friend
They are very isolated though, like full hikki mode and really obsessive with their interests
Sound like ideal gf material desthat is if they werent mentally ill troons
they think it's funny to take something amazing countless men would kill for and then force everyone to watch them burn it to the ground so they can be a balding manlet instead
That is not the case. See >>73001573
Only a high test nofap cool guy who goes out and has actual interests instead of just consooming media who will take quirky girls away from tiktok and instagram can save them from that fate
