i remember back in high school i tried to lighten the mood a bit after rejecting the fat ugly but nice kid when he asked me out during lunch break by joking he should stay within his league and pointed at the fat girl and then my friends and some other people laughed with me and he just retreated to the corner of the hall sadly and we havent seen him for a week but he came back even more shy and then some months later which would be next school year he went for a month or so all silent and then dropped out of high school and we thought he just moved but then we found out trough the fat girl that he actually just killed himself with a gun and it was a gory mess
it has been 5 years since but i still havent recovered from this and i didnt think he would go that far in his depression to kill himself over a simple rejection but i do feel guilty
i do wish him well wherever he is
You did nothing wrong
Except being a woman so i still hate you
And then everyone clapped
ive seen the pics and they were horrifying dude
Fuck you cunt, I hope you get fucking raped and impregnated by a nigger and kill yourself because abortion is illegal. Piece of fucking shit.
hell naw you silly as hell boy
Embedded cheese pizza.
it wasnt bullying it was just a bit of light hearted teasing i didnt mean to hurt him and i wasnt interested in him but i didnt hate him either like yknow what i mean
nugod, it's called 'p
In Rome, do as the romans do.
what this goofy ahh nigga saying doe bruuuuhh
That wasn't light hearted teasing, the kid had enough. I hope you feel guilty over this until you rot in the ground.
Nigger
this bro speaking in ohiooo frfr what he do be saying someone tell me bruuuuh ongg
it never seemed like he was bullied or anything at all tho
well at least not to me and the people i talked to about him
He thought he was so superior to the other fat girl he would rather kill himself before asking her out? What a retard.
I kind of agree with you, OP was a bitch and really downplays it. Rejecting him, she had every right to no doubt. Making fun of him and embarrassing him in front of others (her friends all laughing at him) was uncalled for. I mean, she described him as nice, but rewards his behavior with being nasty. This was probably bait though in an attempt to get a rise out of anons here.
frog win
Doesn't matter what shit seemed by you. You keep downplaying it but people don't just end their lives whoever they feel like it. They need a damn good push to do so. You were the last straw and the fact after 5 anons have basically told you this and you don't seem to get it is extremely telling and pretty obvious that there is more to the story you aren't telling us. You probably did more because no one gets through life thinking like this and not harming others in the process.
A man's gotta have some standards. Fat women aren't worth shit
