I dont want to be known as the slut but this thoughts and fantasies are getting out of control. I fear I wont be able to contain myself anymore
You marry a nice man If you're a virgin if not you can go fuck yourself
I have never fucked a man but I did resist and bought a dildo :c
I want to be a decent woman, I want to have worth
That's fine. Masturbation is normal and healthy
I want to be a decent woman, I want to have worth
Get into spirituality or religion. Build up discipline. If you don't have a foundation 'protecting' you from lewdness and indecency then you'll always end up being a whore/slut
Please, for the love of Allah, anon tell us the details of your delightful dildo masturbation fantasies
I have never been religious, i think that I didnt grow with strong values and probably that made me be this bad version of myself. I feel so hopeless
Lastly I have been having this recurring fantasy of being a cum dump for incels. Being tied and fucked constantly by them in the woods.
I know is fucked up but when I get horny I crave it too much and I fear for myself
There is hope as long as you are alive. Pray and try to consciously avoid the lewd. Even if you get horny and shlick it to degenerate shit at least you are consciously trying to stop and hopefully one day you will be only moderately horny, that is unless you get married to a nice virgin man as I said before. Then you can be the dirtiest slut with him and live out all your degenerate fantasies (except for a gangbang or orgies)
are you yesterday anon with a bunch of weird kinks?
You are doomed. You will either give in or wont be happy in a normal relationship. A whore to the core, so fucking disgusting
Is hard ro control. Is like Im to separate people; in one hand I reserved and calm bu when I get horny I just cant think straight and end up mastubating to perv stuff. Then I go back to normal and I feel disgusting.
It has been 1 year or so since I started with this weird shit, I want it to stop noww. Is so frustrating
its too late. you have 3 days to live
Idk but Im not. I normally go to /b/ but I know Im not going to get a good advice there
What other fetishes do you have?
How old are you?
Why do you think having a dildo is bad?
Im not going to be specific but in my 20s and owning a dildo feels morally wrong.
I have so much fucked up shit. Last night I dreamed about being fucked by my dad. Last week I wanted to get fingered by my gynecologist but I resisted and didnt do anything stupid. Also whenever Im drunk I have a sudden urge to strip naked and be fucked publicly. Also weird fetish of being treated as a pet and giving blowjobs in public areas to anyone. And a bunch more that have been building up though this year. Im disgusting
So basically you have the sexual drive of a man
What's wrong with that?
I dont want to act on my sexual carvings and be known as a slut. I dont want to be the whore of my city that title is so shameful
most basic by the books bog standard female fantasies 
yawn. you really shouldn't think too deep about it.
Where do you live that would look shamefully at this?
Didn't feminism end such discrimination?
God I want to fuck you up the ass so much
I dont think they are normal. I wake up horny and stay horny all day when I have those dreams, I feel trapped.
I dont live in a big city and my family judges a lot people that are more free with their body. And I cant stand the thought of what my friend will think about me.
start taking opioids. you will no longer have any libido 
and as a cool bonus you get to nod
Im trying to stay sane so dont please
Are those adictive? I dont want to be a drug addict
be a dom, control your sexual activity 100% and you won't be a slut.
you only feel like a slut because you do the typical degrading things like cum guzzling and "acting like a whore in the bedroom" and then people obviously don't respect someone who degrades themselves so it makes you feel bad.
just don't do slut things. have sex on your terms with guys who you control, not they who control you (be dominant), fuck on top, don't guzzle cum, use condoms, make your partners eat you out, degrade them so that they're the slut and you're using them, don't let them cum while you cum all the time to enforce the point that you control them, and don't act like a whimpery bitch in heat but more like a queen taking her pleasure.
guys are not thought of as sluts precisely because they control their sexual encounters not because of some society shit.
but of course none of this will apply to you because you're just another little slut girl who wants cummies uwu so just go down the slut path since that's what you want.
incredibly so but would you rather be a slut or a junkie
i've been on and off opioids for years without going through noticable withdrawal anyway
Just imagine us on the couch one day cuddling
We start making out, then we rip our clothes off
I lay you down, get out my dick
Start teasing your pussy with it
You start begging me to just put it in already
But no
I creep down
I start teasing your other hole 
Slowly start stretching it
It hurts but it also feels amazing
Then I'm in
And I give absolutely no mercy
I just start pounding
You can't do anything but moan with pleasure
post your thighs so i can cum
Matthew 5:30
"And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell."
just find any anon on this board and release your sexual frustration and fantasy on them to make him a very happy person but that will never happen because a man wrote this larp
The best ways to have worth as a woman are to bring something of value to the table
debt-free
virgin
no tattoos
basic life skills like cooking and baking
kind, feminine personality, would make a good mother
not a slob
take care of yourself and work out
Guaranteed Chad bf/husband if you do all of the above and put yourself out there.
Keep going tell me how much a whore im
A slut i guess
That's not you nor your thighs
Here.and yes it me
How old are these pics?
These seem pretty haram
thats not even the right date you colossal retard
nonwhite
brown nips and asshole
tiny fat guy tits
I would use you as a toilet 100% guilt-free, get tested after, and then never call you again. You're a bastard baby incubation tank and cumrag at best, absolutely worthless at anything else. Consider an hero
Month 4 day 21
how did you fuck that up when your phone literally tells you what day it is?
Im not a guy what the hell
wow you have a hot pussy
why didn't you just write 4-18-23 on there? how hard could that be
Girl why are ur nipples hairy
Post another one of your pussy you whore.
True. Im not the brightest while horny
Im horny, is dark and im doing everything with one hand. Is what it is. I just want to be slut shamed rn
God I'd give you a ton of spankings
And I'd fuck you like the worthless brown slut you are
But I'd also cuddle with you and take you out for ice cream and whatever
understandable, but what about about that ass pic bb?
I want a tummy pic
Tell me more, how would you fuck me.
I want to service everyone in this thread, i want my pussy full of your cum
Literally willing to cum on command for you drop a social lol
I would stroke your nipples softly and grab your breasts while my dick is passionately going in and out of your pussy at a slow and erotic way
On our first date, I'm gonna pick you up in my truck
But I'm not taking you to a restaurant or the movies
I'm taking you to my cabin
I'm gonna tie you up and lock the door
No one will ever know you're there
I'm gonna just keep raping you
Stuffing my cock down your throat, up your ass
Flooding your holes with my cum
You'll be mine forever and there will be no escape
I dont share socials anymore. But keep slut shaming me daddy. I want to be your pet and suck your friends dicks on command
You have hips made for breeding, makes me want to drop a couple loads and make you into a good wife
Oh that so hot anon, keep going
You'll scream and shout
Trying to escape
Maybe you'll even try to bite and claw
But you know you love it
Everyday up the ass
Everyday down the throat
I'll even give your pussy some love
But you'll always be trapped
I'll slap you
Cut you
Throw you down violently
But this is what you want most in life
Fuck post nut clarity. I did it again :c Im so sorry, I feel so dirty now. Why I keep self sabotaging
Thanks anon you really sweet to keep going. But now I feel bad
obvious tranny lmao
You did good p*g. You did good.
feel so dirty
That's because you are. My little slut. How does it feel to sell your soul to a bunch of incels?
you should really get on opioids
Why? This is the best session I've had in years
Usually have to lewd with femboys and I always feel gross afterwards
Fuck I wish I had someone to roleplay with
Im seriously think that this might be the only way. What a fucking disaster
Im regretting it a lot but at least i got actual help and the possibility of stopping myself from doing stupid shit
Im going now, cant deal with myself rn. Please respect my privacy and let the thread die, thank you.
Thank you for the help anons, the horny ones aswell as weird it sounds.
Go to r/sluttyconfesion and find you kind
if it makes you feel any better i came really hard
marry a man and suck his dick every night and day
be not just A slut
but HIS slut
if you were my slut I would pound your ass and fill your lower intestines with my seed
Which anon? What kinks did they have?
You can be monogamous secret slut only for your husband. Live nice good looking life on the surface but in your bed with husband turn into biggest slut to satisfy yourself and him. 
Also very attractive body. Wouldusedailyandimpregnate/10
Get off of 4chan and never come back
That's how you become a more decent person
Im disgusting
Yes and thats a good thing. Perverted girls are really fun. And I don't just mean in bed. Just being yourself and being open about your sexuality is so freeing in a relationship. Don't be ashamed of your kinks. Too many are and it makes me sad when they stand in the way of their own happiness. I'd treasure a girl like that tremendously. After properly abusing her in the bedroom of course.
How do I stop being a slut
I have never fucked a man
Which one is it you dumb fucking retard? Not your peresonal fetish army.
