Why don't you believe in our Lord and Saviour who sacrificed himself eternally for our sins?
What do you want in life?
This
The same reason you don't believe in Odin.
Odin doesn't have a prophetic and philosophical legacy.
Okay, anon. Find / replace Odin with Jehovah or Allah or Guru Nanak or Brahma or Eru Iluvatar or any other god you don't believe in.
I believe that Jesus is the Son of God. I want to be comfortable without hurting anyone.
Can some chatolic explain to me what the hell that is? Is this really an installation of the catholic church?
If he stood there and set himself on fire and said "This is all for you. It's a magic ritual that takes your badness away. Goodbye!" then turned to dust and blew away, maybe I'd believe that for a second.
He was executed the way literally everyone who pissed off Rome was executed and he put on a verbal show for his followers to sort of cement his cultist legacy (good job on that btw, Rabbi Yeshua. Fuckin' nailed it).
I've seen quite a few shops in my time
Oh ... you're right. Silly me.
It's Christ rising from Gethsemane after a nuclear fallout. This piece was created during the cold war. I think it is pretty neat, but of course prots don't have a taste for art
- There are no deities.
- There is no such thing as the metaphysical, supernatural, or paranormal. Or magic, or miracles.
- It is not a coincidence that people who hold the above two beliefs have a much higher average IQ than people who don't.
The same dude that fell on his knees and gave glory to Christ when the blood and water splashed his face after piercing him ?
Good, citizen, share this view with the other humans and trust the government.
Ah I see you watched Passion of the Christ too
This nigga can't into math and language
He literally made them in the first place. He sacrificed himself for some shit he made happen and then expects us to be grateful for it. He's a fucking fag
God didn't create rebellion, we have free will for a reason.
Why would i? Present some sufficient evidence to warrant belief and i will
What a useless, omnipotent being. Has the power to create the universe on a sub-atomic level but gets super frustrated when flesh creatures don't do the things he told one guy on a mountaintop once in the middle of a shitty desert. If the creator of the universe has rules why aren't they written in the stars or shouted daily by his booming voice? Why is it written in Hebrew on one scroll by some bronze age schizo?
There is nothing preventing me from using my free will to always choose good and never choose evil. If there is nothing preventing me from using my free will to always choose good, the same must hold true for everyone else.
Therefore, if an omnipotent god created infinite universes with free will, there would be at least one where everyone used their god given free will to always choose good and never choose evil. So it is possible to have a world with Free Will and no evil.
If I were omnipotent, that is what I would create. A universe where:
This is trivial with omnipotence.
i do, and i am happy knowing that god loves me. i even go to church!
That's all possible world because we're moving towards God ever closer since he is the Universe. God is Eternal and never changing so all Universes in every possible way is ever moving towards and from him.
Sorry but God has values that he wishes to see spark in the world and want to create ever greater good since he is good.
And how did you reach this idea exactly?
You create a greater good by having free will and real conviction. If something has the potential of evil but does good instead that thing is ever choosing the greater good.
It's simple that's why we aren't like angels we created in the image of good have the choice of generating a greater good by doing God's will.
*we are created in the image of God*
A concept that christians seemingly don't take serious is gods omnipresence. He is everywhere, there is no place in the universe where god is not present (otherwise he could not even be omniscient and allmighty). Therefore god is present also in hell, in the devil and all the demons. The idea that god is only good doesn't make sense in theology. God is all of it, the duality of good and evil, or he is none of it. To incorporate only half would not fit an universal, eternal and omnipresent deity.
So christians should just make the step and accept that their god is the good and the evil in the world, and that the conflict between both is gods intention and plan.
No, i mean how did you reach the idea of god and discern its supposed qualities and its conscious desires? Like
Like how did you figure out he wants good, he is good, etc etc along with there being a god at all?
By reading scripture?
We see it developed as Christ redeemer comes, and that the world will end because of him.
And all of this is from anonymous people 60+ years after the fact, with the only "known" writer of the new testament being paul, who never met jesus and only had a vision of christ supposedly
