Literally what the fuck is wrong with whites? They really are the most perverted race besides indians
give him another chance. he's programmed right now by the gay mafia zog slop thats on tv, youtube, movies etc. 
deprogram him and then take your rightful white man. you're a woman, you like fixing men up. help him.
Are you sure he didn't just mean BBL?(Brazilian Butt Lift) Do you have a fat ass, OP?????
Nope hes talked about it before and showed me bbcs he liked once but identifies as straight
White *males* (if you can even call them that) are the most pathetic sissy cucks on gods earth
Sorry to tell you this but I think he is gay. I don't know where the fuck you find white guys but me and my white friends don't randomly bring up black dicks, especially while talking to a woman.
as an actual bbc haver, these people scare me. nothing makes me more uncomfortable than a white person who fetishizes black people to that extent.
Add me and I promise I'll only talk about craving BBC once a month.
white 'men' truly are the most pathetic race ever.
in one thread they ar talking about the true masculinity of white men and then in the next thread they are talking about sucking bbc
LMAO
The thing with the relatively recent phenomenon of very clearly asian driven racebait is its utterly ineffective or nonthreatening. just low effort in general from a person or group who are early operating ouf of insecurity.
You are nothing compared to the pakis and jews racebait, they know how to actually annoy me.
Nooooooo way.
Really?
You find stuff like this creepy and offputting?
This fag is 100% legit btw.
Ran into him on accident while browsing fetish sites.
Dived deeper into the mattet and he's an actual father and ex police officer.
White boys why are you so pathetic?
Your entire personality is just wearing skirts, cutting yourselves, getting topped on Grindr and committing over 80% of the suicides and drug overdose deaths in the US despite being less than 50% of the population. Is it any wonder the white race is dying out when white boys are this weak?
Don't you just love this sweet bedroom decor?
You can't say he isn't passionate.
i want to throw a blackbot in this guy's house and lock all the doors and just record it. i think that would be the funniest shit i can think of
imagine seeing that black doll, and seeing a white girl doll, and just staring at eachother
LOL
How do I get a curvy white tgirl gf who dresses up as princess peach all day everyday for me?
Santa clause is cummmming to towwwwn (actual Photoshop he made)
unfortunatley im a jewish classical pianist in his late 20s, but i fantasize about dressing up like peach
This is so repulsive but arousing at the same time. Makes me wanna hatefuck a sissy white boomer in the ass.
oh its effective and u def get triggered lol
LOL we already proved that the BWC and BBC spammer are the same white guy. Its white boys who are obsessed with black cocks, not us. Yall are gross.
Imagine the horrors these mannequins have witnessed...
This person may be harming nobody yet somehow I still cant conceive of it as immoral if society decided they should be killed.
Hell, hearing that they were about to be killed would likely only excite them.
Dont let your dreams become memes, Jewbro.
Apparently this is a pic of him taken some decades ago.
And this is him now.
Notice it's the same police cap/uniform he has on.
LMAO 
We could call it CAN'T GET OUT
Yeah thats definitely him. He actually just looked like a regular wholesome working class white guy before. Bleak.
All white boys should be sissified and made to pleasure fat Asian bastards.
The fact white boys are hiding these tight pink bussies under their pants is truly insane
why doesn't he just fuck that sexy wife of his
