should this person be in the mens bathroom?
stop posting yourself here tranny
I'm not sure if this person should be allowed anywhere in public
Can she use the urinal?
yeah I mean look at that shoulder to hip ratio and the size of those hands.
As long as I can take a 30min shit while I'm supposed to be working, sure
Best answer out of all of these.
This is its body outside the hoodie
Would rape originally
OH ITS THAT ONE TRANNY FROM /LGBT/
would NEVER marry but would actually consider cuddling a little bit.
........how do you recognize the poster from /lgbt/, anon?
In real life men's bathrooms are informally everyone's bathroom because men aren't going to make a big deal of someone who isn't a typical man being there.
It's only women that freak out when their women only spaces are violated. Men aren't even really allowed to have men only spaces like women can.
The very few places on the planet that exist, like monasteries and other religious places, make activist and feminist foam with irrational destructive rage.
Holy shit you're hideous. You look like one of those teenage emo boys from the 2000s but you're a grown ass man who looks disabled.
Nta but there are times where /lgbt/ and /r9k/ threads feel the same. I only know since I lurk as it's become an autistic fixation
I'd bend that bitch over if I saw her in the men's restroom
Everyone should just piss and shit in one big hole. You find your spot on the edge of the hole and let it rip. Problems solved.
She belongs on my cock
if she's giving blowjobs in the stalls i guess
if he didn't have this in the worst time in history to have this, he wouldn't have castrated himself. real shame.
You look like omegahon lmao, so yeah men is alright
I wonder how she uses the urinals
Imagine all the stalls being occupied and "her" being forced to use the urinals next to other men with their cocks out. Also no separators in my country.
fuuuck shes hot. thats a fucking babe damn lol
I don't have any problem with "men" in the male bathroom so long as they do bro things like suck my cock, he needs protein to build those male muscles
you could've saved a lot of time just admitting you're gay, anon.
Is this Adam Driver 10 years ago?
