Is there literally anyone left.
I look at this board and I see
- Trannies
- Idiots bickering about racial politics, both from the side of /pol/ and reddit
- Lust provoking images and irrelevant time wasting questions
- crystal dot cafe "femcels" going "uwu boys girl here" advertising their Discord and Onlyfans
- Threads that are probably some combination of all of the above, but are so boring and useless that my brain can't even commit to them. They just get filtered out. It's visual noise
I want to say that the cancer has complete metastasised at this point.
This has happened for literally every other board on 4chan.
Every meme and aspect of 4chan culture has been taken and appropriated into a pop culture icon that you can put on t-shirts and pins and advertise to the world that you like this specific thing.
It's just particularly dumb when it comes to /r9k/, which is the board for incels that was generally considered "too gross" for the rest of 4chan.
Like what even is life.
How is this allowed.
Everyone moved on, you aren't gonna find what you saw before here anymore.
About time we did too.
How is a person supposed to normie-proof a community for next time.
I don't know how to make something less appealing to normies than a board for incels where people talk about shooting women.
Make lgbt and women and posting porn against the rules.
If you admit you are lgbt or a woman or you put porn as op image you get range banned.
We're the last ones left mate.
Let the trannies and degenerates wallow. This is not the /r9k/ of 2012.
first came the feelers
then came the incels
then came the coomers
now finally, the trannies have arrived to finish this shithole.
Last one out, turn off the lights. If you know of any tranny/coomer free communities, let me know.
Incel wasn't even a thing when this board was created. No one used the word. In fact when Incels first started posting here, there was a revolt. Incels were often called failed normies and the cancer killing this board.
The irony of an incel complaining about cancerous posters is hilarious.
I remember when there were no trannies, no racebaiters, no coomers, no incels, and >tfw spam. no normies, no /generals/, no tripfags that lasted more than a week or two. It used to be a fun place where there was some uniqueness in the topics of threads, now it's basically reddit without having to sign in. I also remember when there didn't need to be a captcha system. those days are over.
The captcha system doesn't even do anything. It was beaten by the bots in 3 days. r9k is basically dead. I'll stay around until the end as I've been here forever. One of the few real robots left.
here with you anon, i hide all of the disgusting threads. a sort of shit sifter if you will. the good interactions i have are far and few but they make me feel like there is still hope left. i am wishing you the bestest of luck on your journey, whatever you may be seeking. Godspeed &lt;3
There it is. This old chestnut.
Here's the same stock response I've given to this every time before.
1. Yes, you are technically correct that this is not a board for incels. It was initially created to be /b/, and it got co-opted into an incel community after that.
However, for the vast lion's share of the history of this place, it has been the former.
This board is 15 years old, and for 14 of those years it has been a board for incels.
This is on behalf of someone that was there to begin with.
It isn't obvious why this has happened. In fact, it's so not obvious that nobody seems to know how or why it even happened.
You have to consult a historian to find out that /r9k/ at one point was not a place for incels.
2. My contention with this isn't even that you're technically incorrect. It's just that you will take literally every opportunity to come to this place specifically and to die on the hill that normies belong on this place
/r9k/ is a board full of incels, losers, degenerates. People that you claim to generally hate. Right?
They're terrible people that can't take responsibility for their own problems and blame it on everyone else.
They make "boring threads" that are the same thing all day every day.
Here's an idea. Bear with me on this, apparently it sounds strange:
Instead of walking into a house, tearing everything down inside it, removing the moldy wallpaper, the busted walls and the falty wiring and kicking out the strange deranged homeless people that live there, how about you go to *ANOTHER PLACE* that is far more suited and far more convenient to do what you want to do.
When I say that "literally anywhere else" is more suited to what you want, I'm barely exaggerating.
Every other website in existence is a better candidate for what you're trying to do.
When I say "you", I mean every other normie collectively.
They all come to this place specifically to set up shop. They refuse to go anywhere else.
Apparently you're reminiscing entirely about the 1 year that this was not a board for incels.
Because again, there's a span of time of about 1 year where this was the case. 1 year versus 14 years, those are the numbers.
You got me all wrong. I'm not saying that normies should be allowed here. This was a virgin/NEET/basement dweller board before it was an incel board. Incels came to the party much later. Incels are failed normies not robots. There are the bridge that allowed normies to relate and take foothold. That is why I dislike them. 
I am a wizard.
Incel is literally just people that are involuntarily celibate. Nothing more, nothing less. Stop using the bullshit normie definition that used to shutdown people that think differently from them. Robots are by definition incels. If you can or have had sex, you are not a robot.
uh, okay
That's a fine opinion to have.
Like, you can get caught up in the semantics a bit, but if you're stating "/r9k/ is a community for weird mentally ill people" and that normies don't belong here, I'm on board with it.
What I'm contending with is the absolute dumbest circumstance possible that we're currently dealing with, and that's e-girls and wanna be social media socialites use this place as a form of Instagram.
If you wish you were chad, if you desire to be part of society and are envious of the normie lifestyle. You are a failed normie. Instead of accepting wizardhood. You cry about how you're not chad. You spit in the face of wizards, crying about your fate instead of accepting it. As if being a wizard is not good enough for you. You hate the original community.
Not him, but you can easily just add a ton of shit to the filter to clean up the board. Also can do image filtering since people tend to spam the same image, cleans a lot of the cuck, bbc, etc. shit up.
I don't cry about being Chad, nor do I want to be Chad. I'm a 35 year-old completely touchless wizard. I enjoy me freetime, money, hobbies, etc. I was simply stating the fact that being a robot involves being an incel as by definition robots have never had sex.
