This is what will happen to you if you approach girls as an ugly autist. I am nearing my fucking limit with the shitbrained normies who spew braindead nonsense such as
bro you could just work on yourself and talk to girls bro but yOu aRe wAlLoWiNg in sElF piTy
No, you moronic dipshit. I, as a short ugly ethnic man with diagnosed ASD, am just using my brain to avoid becoming a laughing stock. But please go ahead about how the anon in OP just dId iT wRoNg lIke a ReTaRd and that I just need to be le confident and le practice le social skills :^))))))))
What the fuck is it with you normies shitting up my board with useless garbage """"advice"""" and then doing the most convoluted mental gymnastics imaginable when your advice is proven to be completely useless for truecels like us? Is your life that fucking pathetic that you have to come down here and clown on us just because you are the bottom of the normie social hierarchy.
Rape
(It is healthy)
Rape
(It is good)
Unsurprisingly, normie retards cannot argue against me and will conveniently avoid responding to this thread.
get a prostitute then, I'm mid and get no bitches either.
Lol you're pretty much right.
And yes this is how norms act for any sort of argument. If they don't like you but can't argue against the evidence you're providing, they'll resort to either ignoring you or calling you names/gaslighting you (in the form of insulting you and then claiming you're being rude if you respond back).
These people are dogshit. 
just go for women that have some sort of issue (like mild autistic tendencies or are antisocial) but aren't either really attractive or butt ugly.
Slightly below average women like this seem to be the best. The real ugly ones seem to have horrid personalities, and the 7/10 ones seem to be full of themselves.
Avoid partygoers, because that's also a form of stupidity that requires attention from random strangers.
What makes me really angry is when anons say "None of the girls I have been around want me to talk to them," and normies and deradicalizers freak out and say that you're just lazy or cowardly, and that makes you unwilling to try.
But on other occasions, when confronted with the fact that women are standoffish in public in a way that comes across as stuck up, they will rush to women's defense and say:
Well of course they have to act that way and mind their own business and not make eye contact. They know if they make eye contact with creeps, creeps will take that as a sign that it's OK to talk to them.
...Completely ignoring that this effectively confesses that YES, I should take the fact that women avoid making eye contact with me as a sign that they want me to leave them alone. And YES, I should interpret the standoffishness women demonstrate when I am around as a sign that they don't want me to talk to them.
The trick is to try Tinder first if you're autistic. If you get little to no matches, it's reflective of your low SMV and your only option is to make some dramatic changes looks wise. This includes leanmaxxing, plastic surgery and limb lengthening
What the fuck is it with you normies shitting up my board with useless garbage """"advice"""" 
I have always advised incels to just stop whining and kill themselves, but they're such pussies around a little bit of pain.
ASD here too, to me it seems fruitless to talk to people randomly on the street, because that is entirely against how I would want to communicate with someone. And anyone that I like would not be wanting people to randomly approach them.
So maybe if picrel and u want a GF, you could instead talk in more ASD spaces? 
Just a thought.
just go for women that have some sort of issue (like mild autistic tendencies or are antisocial) but aren't either really attractive or butt ugly.
i feel bad knowing that woman-hating incels want to go for me. i should probably get tattoos so that they won't be interested.
As a general rule, if normalscum are saying something, it's rooted in stupidity and sociopathy.
Anybody who's never really been a regular person would do well to remember that
I used to do something similar at my high school when I was 16, I too foolishly believed that I would get there eventually if I just kept on going in that hamster wheel.
No one else would even consider interacting with that garbage otherwise. Tattoos would also just help signal low value and mental illness.
being like this 
women that have some sort of issue (like mild autistic tendencies or are antisocial) but aren't either really attractive or butt ugly.
already signals those things though.
there was a thread than answered this yesterday, either you went with the group by sacrificing your personality or you are in for a bitter struggle to obtain some sort of success.
The irony is that if this guy didn't go on the internet to bitch about it, maybe he would have learned something and regardless of dropping out of uni-he would have been able to eventually get a LOT of success.
That's why my position is don't ask, don't vent.
if you want to make a field report journal on a site, it is a different thing than say asking or even (You're not clever to make a statement to elicit something).
Where do I find them and how can I tell if they're autistic?
What are ASD spaces?
i just have small experience, though a massive reading of pua material (guides, forums). Never really tried to pick up a girl (my gfs don't need game). Girls want you to have your shit together. A dude you know working hard in his classes &amp; honestly there's so much to do with life-that really if you're going to go out TO GET LAID it should be that you have an empty space of time that you CAN'T FILL WITH ANYTHING
i think it's underplayed how important purpose it, and can't be overemphasized having your shit together. Throughout the years, I've gotten in the position to acquire chicks, but purpose made that window of opportunity close pretty fast
how many things do you still have to buy? Well what do you want? If I spend the $ on the things I NEED to go out-that's fine, the chicks are waiting. But if i go out and spend the $ i need, i'm not gonna get the chicks anyways
What the actual fuck are you saying, retard? Also, nice mental gymnastics
h-he only became a laughing laughing stock because he vented on an anonymous internet imageboard
bro you dont get it if he just dIdNt dO iT lIkE a rEtArd and lEaRnEd fRoM his le mistaaaaakes he would have a gf :^)))))
bro so what if he is banned from all local clubs and gets laughed at in the street he just needs to try harder bro
i'm not gonna let you mine me for value, faggot
You are blatantly wrong. So many men who don't have their shit together get laid constantly and so many rich incels with their shit together get nothing. How do you honestly believe this?
Think: If PUA were so good, why are the grifters...sorry meant """gurus"""... no longer active? The few that are still making asses of themselves on the internet are D-list wannabe e-celebs on the culture wars circuit.
but what if they hate all the women but you
that would make you special
dude, YOU don't have your shit together, you can't see when a guy does, atavist.>>73006231
You didn't read this at all. I have girlfriends, and I don't need game with them, i'm talking about your averages 8,9's, &amp; 10's>>73006170
you and every other fucking miserable failure needs to stop taking emotion shits
you want a girl to like you, WHO ARE YOU? WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
I have girlfriends, and I don't need game with them
You came to the same conclusion as everyone else with a brain: that PUA doesn't work and you wasted your time consuming their sub-pop-sych tier """content""" .
don't tell me what i think
doesn't sound realistic because i'm not right-wing
ANSWER ME, ANSWER ME.
while you guys were busy being faggots look what i got
Hope its from Ted kazinsky
If you have to start up random conversations with strangers you have nothing in common with in the hopes of getting a relationship, then something went wrong in your life. Either you burned a few bridges, you have social retardation, your looks are subpar, or some combination of these. Normal people don't have to cold approach to make friends. They have friends. Their friends have more friends. If a guy or girl is single (especially if they're cute) in their group their will be some chatter of getting them together.
See, this is the issue. You complain about normies, then you get upset when normies don't respond to you. You love when normies offer you advice because then it means you get to argue a clever rebuttle and rake in the sympathy points and get a dopamine hit.
The truth is that people don't really feel all that sorry for you. Sympathy is a currency and there is very little of it to go around. People are all to absorbed in their own problems and looking for sympathy themselves. No matter how real or significant you think your problems are, it is a drop in the ocean of every single person holding their issues above their head and vying for attention.
So don't get mad when people don't pay attention to you, or reply to your self pitying threads, or get baited into offering advice which you already have a clever response for. Because even if they did, the most they would feel is "aw that sucks bro" and forget you in a nanosecond.
Do what you have to do. Whether it is improoving or following advice, or giving up and scrounging for sympathy with your "bait for advice and reposte" technique. If it gives you that sweet dopamine hit, then its a valid way of surviving. But don't think it is anything more than an illusion.
wow. you must be ugly as fuck or have some serious creeper vibes. probably both.
the cold approach rarely works with women. it makes them nervous. you only initiate when they send very clear signals: more than one glance, touching their hair, and flashing a quick smile. if they don't do that, DO NOT approach. ffs get some brains.
go on a dating app (Hinge is probably better than Tinder) and just try to be honest about hobbies and interests. get some decent pics. you may not get slammed with interest, but at least you can see what you're working with. also, girls expect to be "approached" on those apps. spam away.
also this. PUA is incredibly counter-productive and makes it harder for us normal guys. one run-in with a PUA zombie can ruin a girl's mood for 2 weeks, possibly longer. 
stop fucking it up for the rest of us.
diagnosed ASD
And, there's your problem. 
But you're right, most normies don't understand that you're just beyond help.
PUA jumped the shark ~10 years ago. Only the stupidest of the stupid would use it in the present.
you would be amazed at the sheer number of morons out there making shit harder for the rest of us
cold approach 500 girls
What did this nigga expect? Like everything in life, there has be some moderation. Granted, he doesn't deserve to be ostracized, but you have to know your limits.
you would be astounded at the army of morons making it harder for the rest of us. PUA is more of a pop-psych mindset that encompasses a lot of bullshit. SSDD.
The only retards that are still trying it are lil' zoomies that were infants, maybe not even born yet, when the material first came out. Basically they stumbled upon some PUA grifter's blog from 2012 that hasn't been updated since then.
try something
it doesnt work
do it 500 more times
This post in the OP is ancient btw this didnt happen recently
He didn't say trannies.
Agreed. That's why you should take the cookie pill OP.
Unsurprisingly, OP cannot argue against this, and will conveniently avoid responding to this post.
they will say "do not approach so many girls, they can sEnSe that they are just another in your approach spree. try to build genuine connection with girls instead of cold approaching". just to put the blame back on the guy in the OP picrel.
they know very well that an ugly man like him is never 'building any connections" with women, but it's just something they can use to blame him. normies are sociopaths and will use whatever they can to make you feel worse about your situation.
normies really do backflips to prevent incels from becoming blackpilled. when all they did was go through life and happen to get a gf in high school or something
Normies do this because they mentally short circuit if women are actually pieces of shit, oh no no women are perfect women cant be the bad guys you must be the bad guy regardless of how socially weak you are, fuck I hate normies
Why do you want to be blackpilled?
Normies act this way because they don't believe in objective truth. To them, a new idea is just a new belief, and only the ones given by authorities have any worth.
Because its truth.
Looks and genetics play an enourmous role in success, dating, socially, financially.
But the normies try to cover it up for some reason or deflect.
I'm not saying you can't improve your looks but there is a genetic maximum that assuming everyone reaches theirs, some will simply be more attractive than others and receive outsized rewards.
