It's every FUCKING time he manages to skirt pass the blue shells with that dumb fucking boombox thing and I get fucked three times in a row and fall into a pit then he's too far ahead of the rest of the pack to be touched. I never wanted to commit domestic violence as much as I do now. It's bullshit and it's going to be HIS balls tonight but he doesnt know it yet that big beautiful fuck is going to me Mr.Pancake Doughy Balls Sr shortly. How the fuck do I lose every time and if he's cheating in Mario kart then just what else is he cheating in ?
He's cheating on you and you should leave him
cope with always being 2nd or git gud dummy
I'd do the same thing to you or the people you care about if given the opportunity btw
You just simultaneously made me want to start playing MK8 again but the game's bullshit and there's no real skill to it with the item system.
learn to take the shortcuts and drift boost properly, game's not that hard
My bf is horrible at mario deluxe and it makes me want to kill him
FUCK 
to clarify: skill issue if you can't even stand a chance in that stupid fucking game of bullshit loser support
Also kill yourself tranny where's your usual avatar?
With regards to the obese troon I mean
Stop shitting up my thread you schizos I'm not a fucking tranny I'm a faggot because I hate women now please tell me how the fuck I can beat him we do 150cc and I'm consistently fourth place and he nearly laps the rest of us I think he hacked the switch or some shit if he did im going to put his testicles in a vice the next time he "accidentally" red shells me off a FUCKING CLIFF when I get a bit of a lead
stop posting like the other trannies then
There's a specific way to play most videogames. Once you understand that you can be good or bad at videogames, you start beating all the casuals consistently
Fuck you triple niggergook I don't spend enough time in this shithole to know how goontroons post there's filters for a reason now stop being a faggot and give me some advice you degenerate little worm
And yet, you still post like a tranny
actually no, you're a whiny faggot "uwu" boy sissy now
And yet, you still wonder why there's a giant hole in your life and you go to sleep every day feeling unsatisfied with the way things played out. I'm trying to get better at this dumb fucking game not witch hunt imaginary trannies you knuckle dragging cum gargler. You post like a shitskin ESL whiny faggot
I drill my boyfriend's asshole like Mexicans jackhammer ceramic flooring you assumptious pissbaby, trannies and femfaggots live rent free in your brain to the point you can't even consider a normal relationship without warp chaos taint to it. Tell me how the fuck I can win at MarioKart 8 deluxe or go jerk off alone and drink by yourself while watching TF2 sfms, bitchtits
I'm trying to get better at this dumb fucking game
I'd rather jerk off to Terrato monster bugfucking than sit through another New Vegas thread on that shitstain of a board. Eat a bowl of glass for suggesting that and go to 
/v/
I'd rather jerk off to Terrato monster bugfucking than sit through another New Vegas thread on that shitstain of a board. Eat a bowl of glass for suggesting that and go to 
/v/ 
I'd rather jerk off to Terrato monster bugfucking than sit through another New Vegas thread on that shitstain of a board. Eat a bowl of glass for suggesting that and go to 
What's wrong with NV?
Have you even played the dlc's ? Honest hearts is a snorefest and the minute you blink it's over. Old world blues is reddit Rick and Morty fetch quest. Dead money is as frustrating as trying to make a corpse cum with the dumb fucking radios and miasma maze bullshit and lonely road is a single corridor with the writers self insert faggot courier. The rest of the game is okay but holy fuck it's not a holy grail of a game it's an unfinished mess with cut scope everywhere and a hollow world and for it to be paraded as the king of rpgs is a testament to how fucking boring and castrated western media has become for nothing to be better than it in 12 fucking years. 
Tell me anon, what's so god tier about NV that it deserves having 4 bait threads about it a day ?
I like it
Imagine losing at a children's game
You've never lost at chess before ?
fuck off goober this is my dipshit
What does that even mean you schizo?
this is my dipshit
All normie niggers GTFO NOW
Take your meds and spell it out clearly you fucking retard niggerlover
just how old are you?
