on vacation, sleeping in a room right next to my step sis
walls are thin as fuck and im horny, so I try to jerk off as quietly as possible
step sis, who's usually nothing but kind, sweet and timid, starts facetiming her friend right as i start wanking
she's talking to this ratchet sounding slutbag, and she's swearing like a fucking sailor and acting all edgy. she starts playing with her vibrator (how the fuck does a 14 yr old have one of those), and says "im gonna smoke now haha" and takes a hit of her vape
Did my dad's wife fail as a mother? I swear I have this anxious, deep pit in my stomach listening to this. She was talking shit to her friend on facetime, calling each other faggots, making fun of my younger brother (a six yr old) for being "a pussy", I'm waiting for her to talk shit about me but she hasn't said anything about me, even though im a pretty easy target for bullying (autistic, long haired soft boy with low voice that's been neeting and living with my dad at 22). My dad's been married to this chick for two years now, but in that time I've barely got to know her kid. Its fucking weird because im forced to always be around her, and she always acts timid and shy around me, goes out of her way not to swear in front of her mom or my dad. This is fucking with me so bad, I thought females were at least pure until mid-high school/early college.
teenager does teenager things
Stop being such a pearl-clutching faggot. Give her the space to grow up, make mistakes, and all the other bullshit young people need to do so they don't end up like you.
Just let your step sister be the town bicycle, bro
Masturbating and swearing is forbidden because something something incel logic
99% of the people here will never be parents and that's honestly a very good thing.
she always acts timid and shy around me
if you are a looksmatch, I have a theory about what is going on here...
Man, its not like that at all. I've known this girl since she was 12. She's not your typical teen, she's had a lot of trouble in her life. She used to cut herself, and she used to have eating disorders; she was damn near anorexic at one point. When I had first met her, she had no friends, and I related to her because I too was an outcast (still am). I used to believe females were just soulless sex husks, but she changed my outlook on that. But now... she's really just become a typical teen archetype. 
dude tiktok
dude instagram
dood my vape
What fucks me over is her personality does a complete flip when she's on the phone with her friends. I know most kids put on a different face in front of their parents, but... I wish I was an exception. And honestly, I think she's giving into peer pressure. What I hear behind this thin wall, it isn't her. I cant help but feel absolutely sick
14 year old girls should do none of those things. Congrats on being a degenerate coomer retard. Don't breed.
What I hear behind this thin wall, it isn't her. I cant help but feel absolutely sick
It's absolutely her lmao. She's gonna go around and fuck every hot guy in HS and college then close to 30 she will be ready to settle down with a beta buxxer who can provide stability.
It's always the exact same fucking story with women, like their lives are copy/pasted.
She's a typical roastie you can't fix her now kys faggot
I just want her to be herself, I know she's putting on an edgy facade, for her shitty new high school friends; been there, done that, now im a friendless adult because all of my so called friends from my junior high days ditched me for older kids that could score them drugs. I wish I was her age again, because I want to have an actual conversation with her. Its awkward for me to think about, but I am an authority figure of hers. I'm an adult, time only goes forward, I'm not getting any younger. I cant have a sitdown talk with her about this because in her eyes, im much older than her and she'd see it as nothing more than a lecture. Also, I'm a fucking socially awkward ghost of a human being that cant formulate simple sentence fragments without a porky pig stutter every five seconds. I honestly dont want to imagine what she or my family thinks of me anymore.. probably pity.
What fucks me over is her personality does a complete flip when she's on the phone with her friends
She's a teenager and you probably are too. She's becoming an adult (something you missed out on) and becoming independent, and often that means breaking taboos and experimenting.
My suggestion is to leave her alone and keep jerking off to anime until she leaves and lives a real life away from Big Bobby Incel and his "purity" fantasies.
Which BTW is insane when you consider you started this off with "I'm jerking off amongst my family members on vacation", so you aren't a degenerate because...
Sounds like she's just part of the family.
14 year olds do this shit all the time. You're retarded.
Do you not see the irony of you judging her when you were just about to have a wank knowing your stepsis might hear you?
i really laught at the fact that dickpp is on while the anos is extranje kek
perfectly nice well-behaved teen girl wants to sound cool and edgy when she talks to her friends
EGADS, SUMMON THE PRIOR! She's totally fucking normal, but it's also understandable to be surprised by this if you're a naive autist. Just let her be. You could probably do with getting to know her better though.
To be fair I was doing it quietly. In hindsight I probably shouldn't have included that tidbit, but its a story starter, and legit what happened. I stopped after I heard her facetiming, I didnt nut. That's probably partly the reason I feel sick now
