If you don't like all the individualism, private ownership, lack of localism, lack of family or social ties, and multiculturalism all around you. Then go move somewhere else all by yourself and be an individual. I am very smart and clever. Fucking incel chud.
I moved to a town that is very friendly and community oriented so I can raise my kids more confidently. The crazy thing is that New York and Los Angeles are not the only places on earth, in fact I would almost say most places are not those two, despite what the mass media would have you believe.
individualism, private ownership,
these are good though
People like you ruin those communities by transposing your metropolitan values and pushing up property values
People like me? Yes.
Me? No. If this community started growing fast I would just move out again.
if you don't like it just move to Iran brooo
they won't take me in cause they hate westerners
I hate these liberal fuckers so much
Hey look it's a picture of you guys all doing acid together and chanting enochian or whatever
If you don't like immigrants then go move somewhere and be an immigrant. I am very smart.
Only asians hate westerners. For eerybody else just accept allah into your heart and you are instantly bruder.
tfw there will always be simps who just lay down and accept what they are given
This is why we need more immigrants.
A white guy in Iran is not gonna be welcome get the fuck out of here. We shouldn't have to flee our countries because of these subhuman degenerate fucks turning them into shitholes.
the reason paypal banned me is because we haven't given them enough freedom
You are the degenerates though. Society is trying to get rid of the parasites who don't fit in.
want to marry a virgin girl that doesn't have tattoos and doesn't whore around
hurrr durrrr you are duh degerates
Always accuse your enemy of what you are doing - Shlomo Goldberg
I highly doubt you are married. You are probably a typical degenerate swine who never married at all.
the great thing about america is you can be whatever you want. we're all individuals!!!
if you don't fit in you're a fucking parasite
pick one.
I just picked one. Some people need to move out if they don't like it.
move out
The whole world is Globohomo. There's fucking Chinese people in Africa.
the whole world is southern california
Lol keep believing this.
