Whats the fucking point? If you don't look like, or are at least similar to, picrel it's over for you. No point in living. I was made to live a miserable existence.
A w*man made this post. 
History is written by ugly 'cels. Not a single good looking man accomplished anything of worth.
All good looking men ever did was make women cum. Every single legendary scientist, prolific inventor, and similar high-value professionals were ugly ass virgins.
I am not a woman. You are a coping faggot. Additonaly, you are ignorant of history.
The list goes on and on. Not a coincidence that intelligence is linked to facial attractivenes. Hence why nearly all men of significant historical note were reputed to have been, or were literally shown to be, attractive. Cope.
Go and look at depictions of any of the most influential figures in scientific history as young men and see how wrong you are. Picrel is the father of thermodynamics Sadi Carnot.
True
Every single person you posted is an ugly manlet that if had no connection to royalty would end up like every other 'cel.
Faraday was considered attractive and women would attend his lectures just to look at him and his colleagues.
Yeah, you proved my point. You are literally retarded.
Here is another notable example
I don't think the 'not a single chad made it into history or accomplished literally anything worthy to better civilization in any way' was your point but it's the truth.
Tesla was a literal and unironic incel autist
the point is to make shit for roasties to waste their money on
Buddy, he might've been an autist, but he did also win the genetic lottery in terms of looks.
How ? 
He looks like an average cel, literally chud phenotype outside of that one anglefraudmaxxing photo you have. 
But that's not even the point, autism and mental illness negate any other pros and the fact remains that he was a literal incel. In no way was he a chad. And neither was any person who made it into history.
Damn straight. Being handsome is literally the best gift a man can receive.
Based and reality pilled. Poor delusionalcels, they have to cope I suppose. No shame in it.
Yes, yes.. But it is to be expected. Since generally, good looks = intelligent and vice versa.
But sometimes, the facelets cope so hard that they even dare to say that facial aesthetics don't matter, nor that it isn't the *most* important.
Face > fitness > height > intelligence > dicksize > money > status > All
Just look at how privileged every handsome man is. I bet Sean ""sexually harassed"" a girl before, but he didn't. He simply flirted and made love to the fine lady.
Money to go and spend on what? Other than subsisting and frittering it away on various copes, money can't do anything for you (I don't specifically mean you). Can't buy better genes boyo.
Monkey can do you good by buying a painless suicide method. Simply pray before death to be born looking like:
24JWHP
Chad is immune to the law. Just be Chad is LAW.
The schizo hasn't taken his pills I see. I haven't posted a single photo in this thread. Keep believing he's not chad looks-wise and like you're on his level.
Yeah bro ong bussin frfr
money to fund the I.N.C.E.L terrorist organization
He literally has a chud-level face. His cheekbones are weak, and his jaw is almost as bad.
I do not condone any terrorism. Sus fed posting you are.
Why is that chud memeing? Their pleas worked, right?
