Asian girl here. If I go to Europe will I find men who look like this? I want a handsome vampire bf.
hello anon. I am a european vampire. you can ama
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris_syndrome
Go to Paris
Maybe 1/100 white people have the potential of looking like the romanticised elven/vamp/general fantasy euro aesthetic. Of those most will never maximise their potential.
The most beautiful people on earth tend to be white. But most whites arent beautiful.
Maybe 1 in 10,000. Attractive people are generally a very small elite minority in any place.
Yes, but they're all homosexual twinks.
Yes there are a lot of paintings of vampires in Europe, you will have to go to the right museums though.
no, you won't, they will all have short hair, be overweight or not be european, blondes are still uncommon too
Good luck lmao, these chads are already locked down and those with high tier facial features are unlikely to have long hair (why hide good features??)
also this vampire looks way more asian than european with that thin nose and V shaped head
Guys that look like that are Chad and have probably already settled down.
Here's your handsome vampire bf
God, all I want is a 30+ Japanese career women to wife, bros.
imagine wanting a christmas cake who controls ur money, jfl live in an asian country before you spout this garbage
I already do. Just because you don't want it doesn't mean others don't.
yeah imagine wanting to be a cucked faggot when you could just hit up a soapland or tinder jffllll hard at u buddy boyo
You know that what you said in incredibly racist
Those creatures only exist in the fantasy of horny japanese women. Pic related is the average european man before and after he hits 25
Im 30 and white and have a full head of shoulder length brown hair not balding in the least. 
Sadly im 5'6 so not a high fantasy european analog. Maybe a dwarf or hobbit.
Stay out of Aryan land, chink
I don't have money, I want her money
Or it's not that I want her money, it's just that I want her to provide for and support me
Stay at home male is a luxury for chad only teehee
Go find an Asian guy you dumb retarded gook.
I'm a tall blonde man and I'm currently growing my hair out to achieve that phenotype. I'm American though.
vampires are actually a very cool mythical creature. it essentially fits the ideal of having an infinite amount of life experience at a given age. due to not aging and whatnot. hence why they are characterized as making better judgements of course of action and determining others' motivations. twilight is actually not really awful and would be more universally likable with self aware writing. there generally needs to be a revival of the gothic era. and vampires
You basically just described me
Bleh, I vant to suck your blood, bleh
c-cute... orngnal
Vampires have been stale, with very few exceptions, for at least half a century.
Post a picture of yourself and I'll tell you your odds of finding a vampire bf
im some other person not op
Nevermind.... Lol
Carry on
so basically you want the same .01% of men that every other girl thirsts for?
you can do that. you can also use tinder extensively to line up guys before you go to europe. you can also try looking for foreigners in your country
but whatever. you can always find some chad of any race without much effort, as you are a roastie asian girl living on easy mode
European girl here. 95% of our handsome genes men got killed off during WW2 letting only the surviving incels breed. Most guys here are balding and fugly. There are a small minority of chads but they are all fuckboys and most of them arent into Asians. As for a beautiful looking anime guy with flowing blonde hair? I have never seen one in my entire life. Only 1 or 2 online and they were heavily shooped so. Yeah, might as well forget it.
That guy is blonde Stacy only. He wouldnt touch an asian girl. 
Guys who date Asians are heavily stigmatized in Europe and Australia. Everyone thinks they are creepy losers.
Are you idiots serious? Looks like some fuck ugly ogre trying to pass off as a pretty boy. Like Book Ramsay Bolton
Average tranime victim fujo
yeah but thats what makes them cool. duh
2spoopy4me
Look, im sorry for being a jerk. i still dont agree with this JBK trend, Korea is for Koreans, Korean men date Korean Women only... but im a boomer. who am i to tell others who they can or cant date.
i wont egg those threads on anymore.
people just like korean culture and will naturally want to defend it. its silly to inflate things. real attraction is deeper than culture, or i feel it is
whiteru cokeru
he looks like a japanese goth twink
blonde doesnt always equal european
