How on earth are you supposed to meet new people anymore? The internet has become so normiefied that the line between online and real life socializing has become far too blurred. Circles and cliques on the internet are just as strong as circles and cliques in real life. Joining random discords to try to make friends is exactly as awkward as walking into a bar to try to make friends. You find a group of people who were already talking and try to awkwardly insert yourself into conversation, and for me that always fails. I am too conservative for liberals, and have interests and hobbies that alienate me from conservatives (on weekends I cross-dress, am AGP). I have no idea what to do with myself. I want so desperately to find love but I'm just too fucking weird and isolated, and all of my interests have become so specialized that I can't related to anyone. WTF do I do? :(
Can't relate to this at all. I'm more or less content alone
i just want friends and someone to cuddle with :(
/soc/ sucks, tinder sucks, grindr i am afraid to use in general, I act like too much of a zoomer, but I'm too old for zoomers (I'm in my late 20s)
I like studying languages and as much as I like some anime, the modern stuff just bugs the hell out of me. I like old video games like morrowind and smash melee, and i play risk of rain 2 and dead cells, but NOBODY in my friend group plays with meerjalksdj;flakjsngmcv,akljsdilfj :(((((
no I NEED affection :( I NEED someone to hold and cuddle and to tell me I'm cute :(
you likely have friends stop whining.
retard. I can tell by how you type.
I have online friends I talk to like once a week, and my immediate family. I don't hang out with anyone else, and have exhausted my immediate surroundings for potential mates
oh also my best friend moved to colorado 3 years ago and got a girlfriend..
I mean there is always this place. Plenty of people in the same situation here. That is pretty much why this board exists in the first place.
Yep so you are a normalfag >>73007995
what are your specialized interests?
I meet a lot of people at bars and parties. Ive never tried online but I heard its worthless
yes that is why i made the post hoping to meet people even here
I also work full time woooooohoh watch out anon I'm so normal wooooo. faggot. gatekeeping feeling lonely what an idiot.
I like to study languages (Japanese presently, some German), I like to study History, and Epistemology/Philosophy. I also like animation/art a bit. Risk of Rain 2 would be my favorite game to play with friends if my online friends I never hear from actually played that game.
lol. You are one you are just bad at it.
Don't be upfront about your crossdressing and AGP because people will see you as a freaky coomer. /soc/ works you just got to have an interesting profile and be patient, I got 100s of adds from /soc/ including several cute girls even though I have a lot of red flags in my profile.
Interesting anon, I also am learning Japanese and german and russian. History, Phil and psych. Do you go to uni, how old are you?
you also have a laundry list of 
you really dont care all that much about and just have for social proving. makes me shiver to read. what a normalfag. How do you have all those but cant find people to talk to.
look man I'm really not here to argue with some stranger about how normal I am please find something else to do. I was just here to see if anyone knew of a better way to make new friends, or perhaps people who related would want to chat a bit. That's all. Quit being such a hulking cocksucker.
I posted in the hopeful romantic thread on /soc/ and got no adds. I'm very in the closet about my AGP, which is why I can't fully open up to my conservative friends and family. If it were up to me I would be dressed like a girl half the time. I'm not trans, I just like women's fashion a lot more than men's.
100's of adds, on how long of a time frame?
huh?
you even admitted you already have friends, get them to introduce you to more you have it on easymode idiot
Who said I didn't care that much about the interests I listed? I wouldn't list them if I didn't enjoy studying them. Don't you have anything better to do than to try to poke holes in a stranger's post online? I think you're the same faggot as all the other schizo posts here. You're pathetic. No wonder this is how you're spending your time. I don't have to prove myself to you, random faggy stranger on 4chan. Fuck off.
What is your discord then?
This is true and fucking terrifying to be honest. It's like every loser who decided real life was not worth it already made his home whatever X community/forum/discord long ago. He's been there for 5+ years. And that every normalfag who decided getting an e-life wasn't worth it also has at least 5+ year old circles.
Anyone who missed the train, for whatever reason, is shit out of luck for the foreseeable future.
You're a fucking literal faggot btw, but just for today you are my brethren
The bars are empty here and there are no parties.
who said I dont care
you are a normalfag, you have a ton of superficial interests. Just comes with the territory.
Im not the one begging for friends despite being neurotypical and normal, am I?
Stop spamming this board with stupid friendless sexless larp threads all day. We get it, you dont want to go outside.
Thank goodness a reply about the actual contents of my post instead of trying to cross-examine me like that other pretentious faggot insisting I'm a normie who doesn't like the things I actually like.
Did you bring enough chromosomes for the rest of the class? I'm not replying to you anymore, you're a loser.
the bars are empty here
Schizophrenia
Autism
Sorry about your brain
This was my first post here in months.
The romantic and hook up threads are usually pretty shit because usually it's just hundreds of profiles of lonely guys that no one can be bothered to read. I mean you can try on the off chance that someone interested might see it but temper your expectations. Try to friend threads, but the best thing to do is to post as much as possible, and attach an interesting picture to your post. I posted the same profile in like 10 different threads and it got me ~30 adds in a single day and I met my current e-gf from her adding me through one of these threads. Also be patient and keep posting.
Friendlessness has been on the rise for decades now.
In 1990, 40% of men reported having 10+ close friends. In 2021, that number dropped to 15%, while the number who reported having none rose to 15%.
Society has become too atomized and cliquish. Everyone is isolated.
Fuck off and die normalfag. If you shame someone for being friendless you are not a real robot.
I have been to the bars. They're ghost towns, and the people there aren't socializing (unless they came with those people). They're just sitting alone, not talking to anyone, or staring at their phones.
Parties are non-existent around there.
lol.
They have online friends which are equivalent. They just are insatiable regarding it. Everyone I have tried to interact with and that makes these retarded threads already has a group of friends.
Thank you, that's actually hopeful advice :)
Anon I really don't think that other guy cares about facts or numbers. He's just here to fling his own shit around.
If you post 100 threads here all day about how you pretend to have no friends you are definitely not a robot. Go outside.
maybe you're just an insufferable retard. Not that anon but judging by your posts in this thread I couldn't stand to talk to you for more than 3 seconds.
Schizophrenia.
There are no meds that can help your delusions, sorry.
Have you fucking been outside lately?
Everyone is broke, stressed, angry, aggressive and unfathomably selfish. Society is increasingly polarized and it's getting worse and worse. 
People really don't wanna be social anymore. Offline meetings are dead. Third places got killed by covid and haven't been revived. Cinemas are mostly empty. People get hostile when you dare chat them up. Even Discord feels oddly dead as of the past year. Neighbors don't even greet anymore.
It feels like we collectively resigned. There is absolutely nothing left keeping people together. No purpose. No familiarity. No sense of community. No desire to have serious friendships. They're barely even in the mood to fuck anymore.
why do you want to be a loser so bad? look you even jumped to calling me one. stop larping.
Typical normalfag manipulation and blatant hypocrisy. One of the many reasons why we shoot you "people" dead.
I posted for about 9 months. Haven't posted in the last 6 months because I met the e-girl of my dreams. I posted my tag about 30 times in total. On some days I posted my tag in every single thread I could find but later I spaced it out more because I got added by so many people.
Online friends are absolutely not the same as real life ones. That's not the way humans evolved to communicate with each other. Face to face interaction is the only way to form real bonds. You can't form a bond with someone you can't see, hear, or touch.
How do you guys even know that this guy is "spamming" threads about being friendless? Everyone who is an actual robot posts about that. Enforcing social norms is for normalfags btw.
I dont really care if normalfags want to talk to me or not, you are all sociopaths. Just stop pretending to have no friends or people to talk to when that is not true.
awww who's an edgy boy awww :3
Nobody is actually talking to anyone. It's just people doing their own thing. Social interaction is dead.
If you have online friends you are a normalfag because you can still fit in with groups.
well from all your posts on this thread you seem like a stuck-up fucktard and I would find you exceedingly obnoxious.
again, not that anon, you're just acting like a colossal faggot for no reason. who the fuck are you supposed to be kidding? What's all this about being a "real loser"? What a fucking weirdo.
these anons get it. Everyone else arguing about who's the ultimate loser needs to shut the fuck up and quit being so fucking cringe.
There's no such thing as "online friends". A person you've never met in real life can't live up to the ideal of what a friend is supposed to be.
this the same faggot that keeps reeeeing the entire thread about his own metrics for how lonely other people are allowed to feel?
yep. normalfag response. notice the insults you choose are societal ones or enforcing norms. Its fine you have a lot of friends just be honest about it.
normalfag cope trying to pretend you dont have friends
The only people that can afford a social life are old people. Young people are only able to survive and that entails not spending money on going out as that money is needed for necessities.
yes. people who call you weird for acting fucking weird are more normal than you, thank God.
hehe xddddd
Friendship is subjective. What defines a friend differs from person to person.
If a person feels like they have they have no friends, then they don't.
lol
You don't need to spend money to interact with others. If you do it means that either you or they are very boring.
lol
meds. NOW. I should have stuck to my word and stopped replying to your dumb ass forever ago. goodbye schizo faggot.
normalfag cope.
You absolutely do. Good luck finding anyone who wants to do anything that doesn't involve money. I don't have money to be wasting on bars, restaurants, and events, so my only interactions are with family and coworkers.
do you not see how funny your change in this thread is
Seeing someone on a regular basis doesn't mean they're your friend. Studies have shown that it takes 90 hours to become friends with someone, and 200 hours to become close friends. And that's actually spending time together (being at work doesn't count), not just knowing each other or being around each other. People don't have that kind of time these days, so nobody has friends.
We can't go out because it's too expensive.
We can't pay for nice things because we don't make enough money.
We're forced to take two or more jobs just to make ends meet.
The cost of trying to make new friends is higher than potential benefits, usually because they are just as strapped as we are, and don't have time to share with us. And if they turn out to be assholes, we're in the hole for money, time and emotional energy wasted.
So yeah. We're not in a good place.
thanks for the advice, some threads are not refreshed until weeks later, so do you repeat yourself in the same thread? &amp; best of luck with your current partner.
Based and true
Bullshit, online life has been a reflection of the real world for a long time now. If you have online friends, you have or at least can make friends offline. Therefore normalfag scum larping as outcasts because that's what's in these days
If you're not satisfied with your "friends", then you don't have friends. If it doesn't live up to your ideal, it doesn't count.
finally someone understands. I dont understand why they try so hard to pretend to be friendless. Look at what they started using to insult me
weird (socially unlikable)
this is like posting bitching about your arm being cut off and then someone pointing out you actually have a functioning arm even if it is damaged and then going
friendless (socially unlikable)
this is like posting bitching about your arm being cut off and then someone pointing out you actually have a functioning arm even if it is damaged and then going
Except that isn't true at all. Because you can make "friends" online doesn't mean you can do the same in real life, because in real life, people have their own lives, their own problems, and their schedules aren't always compatible with yours. It's hard to find true friends in real life.
Money is a bullshit excuse to not have friends. This thread is turning fucking retarded
it was made by someone that admits they have recently had a best friend and already have friends. no shit.
You can't "pretend" to be friendless. You either have friends, or you don't. And what counts as a friend is subjective. If nobody fits your standard for what a friend is, then you don't have friends. It's that simple.
I never repeated myself in the same thread. That may come across as a little cringy and desperate. It's true that threads often stay around for weeks. Just gotta be patient.
lmao
People being broke and overworked is absolutely a factor in the decline of friendship. You can't make friends if you don't have the time or money required to meet people or spend time with them.
A social life is expensive. I don't have the time or money for it, so my social life is non-existent. I talk to family and coworkers, and that's it, because I don't have time for anything else and there's nowhere to go even if I did have time.
I can't imagine such a simple and useless existence
I can talk about other things, but OP is trying to pretend to be something they are not.
There are other people that have no friends (even online) but they dont post these whiny threads and the people that post them almost immediately start attacking me for the same thing they supposedly are having problems with. Just exposing hypocrisy.
nobody is trying to pretend to be friendless you autistic faggot. you've not only missed the entire point of the thread but you've entirely derailed it to be about whether or not you're less normal than the OP .get over yourself.
Fuck you and your thread. OP whining about something being normiefied when they are a fucking normie themselves.
">I am the same as you (someone who has no one to even interact with)"
and here we see why you've chosen to vomit all over the thread instead of actually reading anything the OP has actually had to say.
lmfao I can't help but laugh anymore.
Something I discovered is their insatiable drive to socialize is what makes them think of thwir lifelong friend circle as "not their friends". Its kind of like a morbidly obese man with body dysphoria
Now invert that sentence and you'll see why I'm right. I agree, irl social skills transfer online but not the other way around. The internet stopped being a "loser heaven" long ago, this board is a perfect example of normalfags, foids and their loyal simps displacing the local population. They won because they had the numbers
pretending based on what evidence? take your meds.
they are complaining about normiefication while contributing to it. laugh if you want normalfag.
It's not a matter of being "insatiable". Everyone has different standards for what counts as friendship, and if those standards aren't met, then it's not friendship. There is no singular definition of friendship, it's a subjective thing.
you mean "you" not "they" right samefag?
obese person with body dysphoria 
Yep. exactly. They try to move goalposts for what a friend is so they can be like
I dont have any friendssss
Just disingenuous. 
yep. exactly what op is complaining about despite being one of the people doing the same thing.
Schizophrenia based.
Lol. Lmao even. Are you a "wizard" too even though you slayed pussy left and right back in hs but not anymore?
there is no singular definition of romantic partnership so I have actually never had a partner..
t. Chad
schizo
nono don't you get it anon? OP is not only TOO normal, but doesn't actually like the things he listed earlier, because this OTHER anon KNOWS the truth! EVERYONE is a NORMIE and this random stranger KNOWS what it's really like to be lonely, unlike OP, right?>>73008659
case in point, continued word salad from vomiting schizo
never said that. OP complained about normiefaction while being one. They admitted to having friends and a best friend.
what the fuck does that mean? how can you tell by how someone types?
Actually go outside. People don't talk to each other anymore. Conversations are shallow and short. Everyone acts like they're in a hurry to be somewhere or do something and find any excuse to scurry away from the conversation ASAP.
again, present evidence or take meds, stranger.
rest my case.
don't ask me, he's been making about that same level of sense the entire thread. just look at him earlier when I said I liked studying language and philosophy, to which his response was "NORMIES DON'T ACTUALLY LIKE THOSE THINGS YOU LIAR" lmfao.
Many such cases. I am not him by the way. Just find it hilarious how so many of you larp as friendless loners then when a real friendless loner comes in you start this pathetic shaming attempt as if that didn't reinforce their point.
that's not evidence of being a normie, and even if it were that was never what this thread was about. it's what you made the thread about because you're a word salad vomiting schizo.
captcha : RDJYAP
Except I never had a "friend circle". I had a bunch of individual "friends". Except they didn't count as friends because I didn't see them outside of school unless they happened to live in the same neighborhood, and there was nowhere to go and nothing for us to do except play video games at each other's houses, or play in the church parking lot or in the woods. As soon as we grew up and lost interest in that kind of shit, we all stopped talking to each other. Now the only time we see each other is by chance, or when one of us happens to go to the other's workplace when shopping.
I mean normies have long lists of shallow interests they just use for social proving.
ok thanks for clearing that up
Schizophrenia. They aren't even letting you go outside anymore.
evidence please, and actual evidence this time.
meds are looking better and better in your case.
You are doing gods work, Anon. As someone with actually ZERO acquaintances oe friends (other than family which I'm estranged from) I'm sick and tired of failed normalniggers coming in to shop for friends who they'll most likely ghost shortly after. Why? Why yes, because THEY ALREADY HAVE FRIENDS. They're not friendless, they're bored.
I go outside all the fucking time. It's dead. Nobody talks to anyone.
anon i... are you for real or are you just trolling?
Again, friendship is subjective. If you're not satisfied with it, it's not friendship.
Thank you anon. Look how they seethe. Also look at how they immediately jumped to calling me friendless and weird despite whining about
Who exactly are you posting this mental retardation for? Do you think people here don't have eyes?
You're welcome, failed normalfag.
thank goodness you guys genuinely have no friends. i can't imagine being so fucking cool that nobody at all likes being around you. way to go champs! everyone else is the problem btw don't let anyone tell you otherwise :^)
try not to die alone
They have friends currently and had a close enough bond with others it is clear they are normal. 
hahahaha.
hmm. weird flex desu.
That's subjective.
I am good because others agree I am!
weakminded.
Yeah, and it was close enough in OPs subjective experience to call them their best friend.
go get em tiger! show those normies who's boss!
mmm no. weakminded would be caring about any of the nonsense you've had to say all thread based on nothing other than your own ridiculous personal metrics. metrics which will die alone along with you.
It depends on your definition of friend.
"Friendless" just means you've never had/don't currently have anyone in your life who meets your standards for what a friend is.
what a weird thing to nitpick at. OP had a best friend once. what does that have to do with what OP had to say to begin with? other people are right, you are a full retard.
you are sociopaths. 
read the other post. they have friends now.
And they're no longer friends with that person, so they're friendless.
actual word salad.
Incel doesn't mean you've never had sex. It means you haven't had sex within a certain timeframe, or aren't having it as often as you'd like.
Honest question, how can you be so dumb that you don't know where to meet people? Have you never heard of "nightlife" before?
i saw the other posts. he has online friends he talks to once a week, but was lamenting how hard it is to meet new people... i still don't see what's got your panties in a knot anon. you're dying on a hill that you've made yourself.
???????????
if that is a word salad I dont know what to tell you it was pretty clear to me and I am nta
The nightlife is dead. Nobody does anything offline anymore. I have been to the local bar several times a week, and it's been a ghost town everytime.
of course you dont get it you have friends too.
hi. OP here. This thread as made as a means to either meet new people here who have similar struggles with meeting new people, or for people with similar mindsets to vent. It seems that people have instead derailed the thread for the sole purpose of a pissing contest for who is a normie and who isn't. I'm embarrassed for you, especially the anon who keeps samefagging spamming his schizo rant about being a true normie. The dude is a religious martyr in his own mind. It brings me a sense of schadenfreud to know he genuinely has not one single friend, according to his own words. Bye everyone. Too bad, was hoping this would be a better discussion.
I can't find any full-time work, so I'm stuck with a part-time job that only pays bi-weekly. So whatever I make has to last me two weeks.
Which means I can't waste it on shit like alcohol and events.
Have people told you that you are retarded? What would you even do online on a friday night?
OP is not even remotely isolated or weird. Clearly that guy you're replying to took offense because he, being actually weird and isolated, knows that you cannot be le quirky weirdo but still have friends.
I'm siding with him because fuckers like OP love to victimize and label themselves as "loners" because it's the easiest way to get others to take pity on you and entertain you for a few days or weeks before they go back to their actual, real friends. 
It's bothersome and causes a lot of second and third hand burnout. This is exactly why isolation is on the rise, people lying all the time and using and dumping each other all the time. Oh but it's ok when OP does it, because he is "friendless" or something. His good chilhood friend has his back after all
You don't live in Albany. People here are lazy and don't do shit but work and sit at home because they're too exhausted to do anything else when they're not working.
longer word salad than the other guy. I didn't order this much salad.
similar struggles
of being a failed normalfag?
haha. look at you. Of course it does you have never struggled with it. normalfag.
you sound relatable, are you in western washington by any chance
you're projecting some image of a normie charlatan onto OP that you're using for the sole purpose of shit-flinging. You nor that other anon haven't once contributed to the conversation anything pertinent or useful. All you've done, in more or less words, is say "OH yeah?? well you're probably a NORMIE with FRIENDS!"
It's nothing short of pathetic. see >>73008883
It's so damn frustrating. I've reached out to family and coworkers about how lonely and isolated I am, but they never take me seriously. They claim to care about me, but they never give me any helpful advice on how to make friends, always just the same shit I've always tried and gotten no results from.
normalfags dont care they are sociopaths. I am glad at least one other person sees it. They also never doubt themselves, look, they started calling me weird and friendless as insults hahaha.
back to tiktok normalfag
Have you considered going to a Canadian doctor and telling them you're depressed?
you seem like someone who doesn't meet that many new friends.
they are a normie. They have friends. They are not weird or isolated they are trying to appropriate struggles they dont have.
back to tik tok
i hate tik tok but surprisingly you've managed to be an even bigger retard than the zoomers on there.
are people not allowed to feel lonely unless they are as lonely as you poor poor anon? :((
I DO. I go literally everywhere possible to make friends. There's nobody there.
It doesn't matter where I go or what I do if the places are all empty.
They don't. What counts as a friend differs from person to person. If you feel friendless, then you are.
femcels are incels then.
OP here again. just found this interaction funny.
Dude calls out anon for doing nothing but saying "you're a normie" all thread, and the dude literally responds with "b-but they're a normie!" lmfao who scripted this?
Are you off your meds?
I mean there is nothing more of worth to say here. You are just coming here to try to leech people to use until you go back to your real friends. its slimy.
The few people I do meet aren't interested in talking. Nobody wants to socialize anymore. People get hostile if you try to talk to them, or try to scurry away from the conversation.
he means he goes out with the intent of meeting people. context anon.
and these.. normies... are they in the room right now?
he clearly doesn't. he never goes anywhere that actually has people.
how are they not a normie? give me reasons.
... I think that's exactly what he's trying to say anon....
the burden of proof was never on me to prove that i meet your arbitrary metrics to be allowed to discuss the things i came here to discuss
There are no people anywhere, that is the problem. I've tried bars. I've tried the mall. I've tried parks. I've tried gyms. No matter where I go, the people just aren't there.
Not even the most delusional human on the planet thinks they do all the right things socially even when they have a lot of friends. You are a sheltered fucking retard. Grow up.
That is fine, but can you go ask your friends about it instead? 
You know, since you have a support group like that.
I do go to all the right places. There's just nobody there.
And I can't "grow up" if I can't find anyone to facilitate that growth. Growth requires social interaction, but I can't find anyone to interact with.
i don't understand where your vitriol for this person is coming from. they are struggling to meet people. that's it. same with OP. but you and that other anon have some weird stick up your ass about it.
sure thing I'll ask your mom while I'm there
your mom jokes
kill yourself NOW.
awww I bet you could use some support ay anon? is that why you're here shit-flinging at people you don't even know? cause you're mad at the world? you poor poor baby :(
I fucking wish!
well statistically speaking, since I'm such a normie, it's probably more likely that you'll kill yourself before I ever do.
not from a normalfag, no. You are demons. If I thought I could meaningfully exterminate you I would but I have no power such as that and never will so I will just seethe for life at the harm you have inflicted on me and others like me throughout our lives. I do not want friends especially not normalfag ones.
none of those posts are evidence. again you're building a case based entirely on your own metrics because you're a miserable little cunt.
please seethe more I'm sure that'll show the normies
here let me revise that so it's not totally inaccurate :)
He literally admitted it, how is that not evidence? Do you even know what NORMALfag means? Normalfag is not Chad, Anon. Having a couple of close irl friends and many online ones is exactly normal
ppfpfpfft
no you don't. i go to bars and there are always people there on weekend nights. you don't even meet anyone.
i really dont think OP made this thread to discuss the definition of normie, or whether or not he was one. he made the thread to discuss current social difficulties. you're too stubborn at this point and doubling down hard into your own retardation.
maybe you were bullied for being a retard
Nothing I can do to change it. I dont care if you laugh at me normalfags have all their lives outside of being exceedingly cruel. You are demons.
I do the same thing, and there's no one there. Maybe it's different where you live, but the bars here are ghost towns.
I dont care why he made it, fuck him and people like him (you). You are not really lonely you are just a pussy and have been desensitized to human companionship because you have had excess of it all your life.
I have literally never had human companionship. If I had it, I wouldn't be here.
there's the projection! knew it was around here somewhere. you were bullied, and now you're mad at OP because he isn't QUITE as lonely as you are! now i get it!
there it is again! the part where you intentionally miss the point in the hopes people haven't already by now seen what a colossal faggot you're being!
have been desensitized to human companionship because you have had excess of it all your life.
Amen
I never had a "best friend", and the closest I did have to one died a few years ago.
okay?..
Normalfags kill children too and each other randomly. What is your point?
samefagging won't save you from looking like an idiot. it's already too late anon.
you're responding to two different anons btw. so. context clues please. i know by now you're deep into the spectrum but please at least attempt to read before responding. then again, all of your posts are the same thing, in more or less words, so i suppose it doesn't matter does it? "Normie" this, "normie" that right? yeah? lol
Itt: zoomers complaining about being unable to find friends while they live in a 100k person city twenty minutes from a 50k person city in for different directions
Me: live in a town with 4k people in it total
Ur life just be so hard
Have you tried trying .... Ever?
how are they in business, dumbass schizo? you probably don't even have a girlfriend.
???
mindblowing I know but that isnt me
you aren't even actually responding to the content of the messages you reply to anymore. the greentexts you use are entirely misrepresentations of what you're reading because OP just HAS to fit into the normie projection of your past bullies so that you can seethe at him. this is your martyrdom, your justice, seething at some random guy on the internet who had nothing to do with the way you were treated. and here's the kicker, whoever bullied you, you probably deserved it.
What a rude thing to say. His tulpa is real in his mind. Remember, it's all subjective.
itt faggots mad because people aren't quite as lonely as they are
me : man making new friends is hard
you faggots : well i have zero friends and was bullied by normies and that makes YOU a normie reeeeee
no i want love and unbreakable bonds without the boring awkward part where i reflexively try to convince them i'm not worth knowing and they listen
you deserved it
a normalfag determination.
I did respond to the content of that, they tried to use me being targeted as some sign of me being lesser or morally bad. 
wahh its hard to make friends :(
are you okay with 
ignore the ones I already have :3
are you okay with 
posting here and bitching they cant get laid? If not you are a hypocrite.
Regardless of who is a normie and who isn't, OP is a faggot for abandoning his thread then coming back claiming he wanted it to be a "place to share our struggles" or some equally meaningless crap.
People that make these threads always do that because they are dopamine zombies flitting around from app to app
no. they didn't. learn reading comprehension. learn to read messages and derive meaning apart from your projections/delusions.
you and this other anon should kiss you beautiful bullied beasts i bet your lives are soooo hard awww
? typical normalfag gaslighting.
right because there is no possible way that could have been OPs intent. I'm sure this meaningless discussion about whether or not OP is a normie is what he came here to do today :)
he's probably a normie haha not like us hahaha also fuck normies hahahaa
he was probably laughing at you for acting like a retard and continuing to do so
OP came here to get free attention from 
and fuck off, maybe laugh at a few of you with their pre existing friend group for being weird. shut the fuck up.
Even now OP won't say anything other than
As expected from a AGP faggot, probably black as well
Being able to find friends has nothing to do with the population of your city.
true. it has to do with if you were socialized and are neurotypical (a normalfag)
Because people still go there to drink and eat, dumbass. But nobody socializes there, that's the point I'm making. If you go to a bar alone, you'll remain alone because nobody is going to talk you or sit next to you. People don't socialize with anyone except people they already know, the people they came with.
I am socialized and neurotypical. But the people around me are all depressed, angry, and hostile. They don't want to talk.
If they really dont want to talk to you that much you may not be as neurotypical as you think.
I think this guy is actually the biggest normie of them all. Nobody but a normie could be this absolutely dogshit retarded. "WAAAAA I'm the real big struggler waaaa nobody is sad but MEEEE"
typical normie attention seeking :^)
but he's also a normie too right anon? not neurotypical enough to complain, but still too normie to complain. right anon?
I'm a completely normal person who's been a victim of bullying and social ostracization since elementary school. There's nothing wrong with me, the people around me are just shallow jackasses.
I've always been a kind and outgoing person, the people around me just aren't receptive to it.
HI NORMIE-ANON HOW ARE YOU
I am not sure. He did not post one of these attentionwhoring threads so I am not as apt to call him out, if he really cannot find any friends he may not be one. I dont know if he has any or not.
I dont agree. They did that because you were different than them in some meaningful way. I dont think you should cling to trying to claim to be normal if normalfags have just been a negative impact on your life.
no submissive feminine type is ever actually lonely unless they're a manmoding gigahon
But I'm not different from them. I look completely normal. I act completely normal. Doctors have never found anything physically or mentally wrong with me.
also this is another factor leading to my determination they are a normalfag
I work full time and my family is conservative so I am forced to manmode. Only 3 or 4 people know I girlmode from time to time, and I never do it in public. As for gigahon? Not quite, but I'm not the twink I once was.
spill it OP how many discord friends do you have? If you are a crossdresser you are fucking HYPERsocialized and only a step off from being a cis female regarding that
right your all-knowing absolute deterministic skills has lead you to the positive deduction that they are a normie, and everything they've ever said is a lie to get attention! all hail! the wise man who knows no wrong, and knows no bitches! he is the TRUE lonely anon! nobody else is as lonely as he!
wow. on the incel board no less. Good insult!
hmmm i enter a gaming tournament once a week with my online friends. like I said I have an online circle I talk to once a week, but beyond that I don't have anyone around me that shares my interests. Again, this thread wasn't a claim or debate about whether or not I HAVE friends or whether or not I'm a normalfag. It was a vent thread about how difficult it is to MEET NEW people, and how it is I could go about doing that despite being in the middle of two social microcosms.
Lolololol
Everyone I meet is married, a child, an elderly person, or homeless.
Let's not even talk about ugly and poor.
Or hobbies or politics or religion.
Or that most people are couples since third grade and were never available our entire lives.
My tinder is 30 people and half of them are missing teeth or addicted to meth and own pitbulls.
You just have to walk outside and 75 women will go past you every hour and you refuse to approach one or go to a club or event or anything.
You sit in your room being a little bitch.
I physically do not have any choices to make or opportunities to fail.
You're fucking delusional and a pussy.
only on r9k would you ever feel like flexing your lack of even a single friend makes you win an argument. if anything it proves the others' points that you are so insufferable that not even one person would put up with you in person.
found the normie
Yeah when faced with actual reality and hopeless suffering, you have nothing to fucking add but an unrelated gpt shitpost
Fuck off whiny beta bitch faggot
Go post it on /adv/ then faggot. You dont have difficulties making friends you already have some. Ask them to introduce you to people thats how normalfags like you operate.
go on incel board
wow! 
there is an incel
wow! 
I do not care. Look at the people normies like. They like serial killers and rapists, women love them and they have large social circles. They glorify all kinds of violence and cruelty. When I see what normalfags like it makes me glad they dont like me. fuck you.
not only do you not know real suffering, you are also not as good a person as you think you are. you are indeed the biggest normie of all.
this anon got it right:
real suffering.
like getting 30 girls on tinder.
but they're NOT PRETTY >:(
you're right anon damn life is hard aint it
not know real suffering
lol. more than you ever have.
normalfag.
I have never had a friend or anyone I have interacted with more than once outside of ordering food or equivalent service interactions. I have never had a romantic partner. I was severely abused by people that were not my parents as my parents did not raise me. I was locked in poor conditions in an enclosed room for months and only let out to get food while my only company was someone who was so disabled they could not speak coherently. You know nothing about either suffering or being alone, be glad you do not.
right dude you were bullied i bet that was tough ;(
mmm that's rough anon you should probably be mad at strangers on the internet about it because they're normies
Real isolation changes you on a fundamental level, especially when it is during a crucial developmental time of your childhood. What was done to me is used as punishment for inmates or torture in many countries. Not that you have any empathy, sociopathic normie.
femcels are real incels I guess.
you know nothing about me either, but the difference here is i wont use my past struggles as a crutch to further an argument against you to prove some petty point about who has suffered more or less. I'm sorry you were abused, genuinely so, but getting in a pissing contest with strangers on the internet about whether or not they have friends won't help. And you not having a single friend right now? is YOUR fault.
I know you have not gone through anything remotely similar.
I am aware. I also do not want friends.
again, i'm really not here to prove myself or my suffering to you. only faggots care about that.
Of course you arent. Because you cant.
and i know for a fact, based on your behavior the past 2 hours, that no matter what i say about what i went through, that you'd just continue to deflect and call me a normie anyways. so there's zero point. really, you probably the single most pointless person i've ever spoken to.
i'll be friends with you op, i don't use discord so any other medium (twitter would be preferable) should work. you seem interesting to talk to, and i have no friends or connections also.
right yeah you got me anon nobody has suffered as much as you oh martyr
Then stop speaking to me, hypocrite.
I have read experiences of others I have genuinely empathized with. I highly doubt you have one of similar magnitude, if you do I am sorry it happened to you, in reality it is the most painful thing to me that I am not and never will be a normalfag, the person I was before undergoing all of the things I did is long gone.
you're taking that pain and directing it at me, for no reason at all, because for the last 2 hours you've made me into your normie avatar target to vent your frustrations upon. you are the hypocrite.
sorry I don't use twitter. the discourse there is very low resolution and bad for my mental health.
how?
You literally are a normie. there is no avatar, you just are one of a larger group that I have suffered greatly at the hands of. It does not matter how many friends or partners you have, it will never be enough for you.
you're filled with vitriol and hate and are just as bad as any normie. finally this time, goodbye.
Funny you say that. It may seem pointless to you but to me it looks like a man fighting for what's left of his homeboard, to have a place to call home. Having at least one person reciprocate, or agree with your thoughts at least partially is a big motivator. What is wrong in wanting to keep the "loser" board for losers instead of larping normalfags who're here out of boredom instead of, as pathetic as it can be, seeking some form of connection because all other avenues have been exhausted? I pray for you to never fall this fucking low, Anon, it's hell. And I know this is word salad for you, well, the message is not for you alone ;)
nta
didn't mean to greentext all that hehe silly keyboard
word salad is correct thank you or beating me to it samefag the wise
Doesn't matter, you're leaving anyway lmao
OP used these exact words in one of his first 3 posts.... you're seething so hard you can't read? he's after the same thing you guys are for fucks sake, you're just too mad at the rest of the world to read things fairly. you'd rather continue shit flinging.
my fellow anon... you are the shit that makes this board suck the most. you are the biggest normie of all. nothing is more normie than making a pissing contest over who the bigger loser is. if you want to do that, twitter would be the perfect home for you :) suffering is a currency there
I appreciate that anon. They wont understand though. This is just twitter 2 for them.
But he is not at all the same as us. He is a normalfag. Or are you really trying to compare my experience to someone who has friends and had a best friend in the past?
OP can go to twitter and find people like them. We cannot.
so what was the consensus of this thread? Should I go to a bar or smth? Cos I sure as hell know I aint making friends with any of you niggas
No. He lied. Simple as. We're not the same.
Nothing is more normie than treating your only social outlet as some cheap chatroom where not standing for yourself and your kin has no consequences because you can readily replace it with another chatroom or people.
you're a fucking sperg lol
what fight do you think you're in? you're just calling a stranger a normie nonstop on repeat for 2 hours. idgaf what you say, you're pathetic and embarrassing.
look a social shaming insult again.
How can someone be so dumb that they dont know where to meet people now?
If only I had friends to help me take my mind off this right...
Start going out to bars if you want to have fun and socialize. A lot of people here are trolls
look another deflection
yes exactly, if only you were not so shitty to be around maybe you'd have something to do other than screech at strangers on the internet solely because you're an unhappy little faggot
bet thank you my brother
You are using social shaming techniques on someone so removed from society that they have no effect on. Try something else.
Wow, almost like we cannot make friends! We dont ALREADY HAVE ANY like OP! Haha what losers! We should go find a board to use
by choice. you seem toxic af.
I dont even have to say what you are. You are a demon.
right right by choice, and people who call you an asshole are just using social shaming tactics :^)
Demon these nuts, bully asshole.
it was
that was the social shaming tactic.
normalfag zombie.
bet you think the world is just.
sounds like a descriptor for your stupid behavior to me. he's right, you are embarrassing yourself.
dude haha you are just like rick from rick and morty haha none of these normies know real suffering unlike you haha :))
to who? 
I dont know who rick and morty are.
bet you think you "cannot make friends" you asshole.
I am too different to, yes. I have not always acted this way either. When I acted differently it made no difference. I have not wanted to for a long time.
Poast your profile, I'm curious
I didn't think "femcels" could be real until I went to an anime convention. Now I fucking get it
not like this.
As in there was 30 people on tinder not that I fucked them.
You want to fuck some 35 year old trailer trash single mother with a pitbull and three niglets with missing front teeth that looks like chris chan with visible permanent piss stains on the clothes littered carpet on the trailer carpet behind her?
I don't understand why people are like this. If you stopped being a douchebag to women and black people you could probably form genuine friendships with other queers and transitions before 30. I agree with your statement that the internet has become cliquey but feeling entitled to attention without going out of your way to be a likeable person isn't going to help
I havent tried it myself but i hear if you kys you can meet your ancestors in the afterlife/purgatory. Youre bound to click with at least a few of those people OP, even if you are a sick in the head transvestite
OP says he's conservative
huh?
automatically makes him a bat person to women and black people
huh?
oh i see you must be a tourist
retard go back to twitter
OP here. you're projecting even harder than the last guy. Based off of one small statement you extrapolated so many assumptions about me. I'm conservative, so I am a "douchebag to women and black people"... based on... what exactly? Then you go on to assert that I feel entitled to attention. Getting attention is easy, it's meeting people that aren't full blown retarded that's difficult as fuck, as evidenced by this entire thread. Fuck this stupid place.
OP here again, forgot to say I'm trans
not OP. originally speaking that is not OP.
Meetup, just join random groups till it clicks.
So you're not le lonely isolated quirky weirdo????
actually baffles me how much of that is actually the same guy. legitimate mental illness. no wonder he has zero friends, and anyone who has even one friend is a normie to him. i can't imagine such a pathetic existence.
maybe you were locked away in that room because you're a massive faggot
The internet has become so normiefied that the line between online and real life socializing has become far too blurred.
This was always the intent of social media.
Circles and cliques on the internet are just as strong as circles and cliques in real life.
This is only true for groups that have been around before 2015, zoomer groups always break down over drama or weird pedoshit.
You find a group of people who were already talking and try to awkwardly insert yourself into conversation, and for me that always fails.
The Internet =/= real life, dumbass.
Ah yes, the modern day right winger
Did OP ever say how old he was?
