Chislehurst Caves edition
xD
Don't post the webm, a certain bespectacled chubster doesn't like it
ssm completely wiped 2 of his youtube channels
bollocks possibly done in
Didnt he say he was leaving YouTube for TikTok?
Sainsbury's? I've had a friend complain about that recently too.
Oh no what will you do with your life now? 
Talk to your mum for the first time this year? Step foot outside for the first time this decade?
talking to my mum? won't get me a gf
posting the newsnight webm? wont get me a gf
SSM has a better life than you and this makes you seethe
That's a big hoIe
Most lads here would kill to have a girlfriend, but I'm embarrassed about having one. Not of her, but the concept of having one. No I'm not gay. Just shy
Get in deerre my leedingtons
The trick to getting a girlfriend is to tell women you suffer from TMAU. It worked for seasideMARK.
https://youtu.be/J8VTl_96fjc [Embed]
He bored with Tiktok. No more Tiktok for him my leeed. IT's youtube all the way. Too many messages. He only wants about 1000 subscribers it not about quantity its about subscribers.
He had 800,000 views. He had over a million views on Tiktok. He reached the top. One of his videos went over 800,000. That's enough for him he went big, he had that taste of fame, right steak and Stilton pie all the way.
It's YouTube all the way
Gaaaarrrrrnnn Are Mark always had morals and a clear vision. He not going to go after mr beast he's happy at basecamp keeping all the young bucks entertained carving out his slice of the action on the youtubes. He proper grafter knows exactly what he wants.
Something must have happened because he was hyped about tiktok the other day
I have a suggestion, if the kindly folks from britfeel would take a moment out of their busy schedules. 
Boners.
He woulda realised people are getting bored of his repetitive stuff. He can either try find a new angle, improve it or quit. He hit a brick wall R KID
He achieved his vison, he made the Seaside Dream a reality to almost a million young Zoomers.
HE not on here to make money, he here to make smiles, he here to a bit of acting. Maybe one day someone spot him and he become an actor. His heart set on bringing joy to the lads. He the next Tim Curry x
cheers x
Tiktokkerz are ruthless they will call you out nonstop if they realise youre lame. Most tiktok stars act stupid but are secretly smart or they have a 'talent manager' which is basically someone that stays with them 24/7, curates all their content and make sure their low IQ doesnt blow it for them. One cringe mistake can set you back months or years or kill your channel. The talent managers are the unsung heroes they break their backs making sure the stupid ones dont do anything stupid
1 Direction were under 24/7 guard in their hotel rooms to make sure they could never go out and meet girls and probably get done for sexual abuse or get them pregnant or whatever woulda happened.
DWP Nanny was not happy with SSM's TikTok career
Quite funny to think about. 'Talent manager' is basically a tard wrangler worded nicely
R MARK should go back to his insights on AI in his poetry musings. He was onto something big there. Was getting worldwide acclaim from some legitimate organisations
Him getting a hint of acclaim is what ruins him, he immediately starts thinking about how he'll make thousands of pounds so starts playing up to the character 
He needs to realise: his real 'fans' actually HATE him. They like him being a fat, miserable waste of space. That's why he got sent loads of sugary goods today, they want him eating it all, getting fatter and hating himself more
Glad I got my first ever reply from FBR. He is treasure we plundered from /deutsch/
whats he doing posting in britfeel when hes not british. I always thought the appeal of posting here is purely because we bri'ish. Dont like these transient types who latch onto anything. theyd be useless in a combat situation
Doubt he cares less about britfeel 
He used to post in the feelsbar thread on /r9k/ but that isn't a regular general
he just uses this place as a journal.
Embarrassed about what? Or do you mean just shy infront of girls, cause I understand that, I can't look females in the eye.
not good lads, my internet is playing up. very slow all of a sudden
get in thereeeee my leeeeeed
What do you lads think on fitness and general health?
Do you try and eat healthy and that, or do you just think fuck it?
don't care, who the fuck am i trying to impress as a perma shutin neet.
I think its very important, but the problem is us losers really struggle to spend all day not eating like apu's and also spending an hour or two doing activities that progress your life.
Turns out though if a lot of us did it we'd be a completely different person within 2 years. But we're too depressed to do it. Many have completely resigned and wont even consider it as an option because they think its vain and stupid with all the depression thoughts. 
Its a fucked up situation isnt it R KID. Strokin my fat belly as I type this out
told my parents i'm going to work tomorrow but i'm getting the train to the city at lunch time.
i'm going to watch a couple classic movies at the cinema, get some michelin star food, then go home for 10pm.
i should message one of the sexy 18yo alt girls who i keep matching with on tinder but i'm not about that social malarkey :)
Pretty much me, mate
I've had a gym sub now for about 2 years and I constantly switch mindsets.
Part of me thinks going to the gym is literally my only social reach into finding a partner, tho deep down I know its pretty delusional to think so.
I think looking better would be nice too, but I have a horribly hooked nose and receding hairline. Something no amount of working out will fix.
Plus I like chocolate and shit too much.
phwoar was eating pretty good until last night, went to the shops for some snacks...
ended up getting a bag of milkybar buttons and some san pellegrino. Then i popped into the pizza shop and got a parmo wrap and a 1/2lb cheesburger. was all shite, but whatever.
Despite being 18% of the population, over 65s make up 40% of all NHS expenditure
I have given up Twitter and femdom/findom for good. No more will I give money to thots and let them degrade me. No more losing. Enough is enough.
at least you didn't give thousands to the girls who bullied you at school so they'd humiliate you again.
i was thinking of buying an electric bike but decided not to since the government hates people having powered transportation
fucking old farts
This hits hard me lid. Too hard.
excited to not drink this weekend 
I shaallll not be drinking nope :)
going to workout and go for a hike
Palestine never voted to leave Britain.
Britain should have the land. Israel shouldnt exist.
would you get me a peanut butter and jam sarnie pleaee duck cheers
What is a vandal philistine cretan?
Carthage.
BRITISH NEO CARTHAGE 
The only god, motive, and power IS LOVE.
what is actually happening with trans people and uh the straight white people
mad world with familiar face .
can I have some milk and cookies too you massive cunt 
cheers 
coooor sit on my face so get in dgeeeeeer my lads 
ITS THERE. 
cheers lad hope you stay sobiesw
That would be the uh.. all becomes free and divine biopunk transhumanism anime-irl utopia
babes are you ok?
my ultimate fantasy is Mark crying all alone on Christmas Day weighing in at 26 stone maybe 30 crying watching royal family 
I EAT ANY OLD SHIT BARB
Did you know all true Americans share the true British sentiment on the Israel question?
Everyone want real progress.
I think there should be Britain 
Right there
Instead of Israel 
But like a really good Britain 
Some sort of Edomite version of Canada.
not a bad shout I have my love honey order already set for paydya next week going to get a fleshlight mesekf and a new butt olug set and a real skin dildo to fuck myself with. 
you r comfy my lid would love to goon with you all weekend :) 
ALRI lad again are you alright in there are you OK? you seem to be babbling to yourself mate should we call the hospital?
bbc news journalist here keen to understand what this thread is?
Years too late m8. Place used to be worthy of an incel documentary. Now it's pure drivel
get in there deeee spam mong total bollocks you post as usual 4 times more nonsense and all on for freeeeeee so get in gdgdeeeeeeer
I am abnormal 
I am a freak show.
Just had a wank to Ava Koxxx 
Cheers x
half the time im replying to helper lad with his trip off and the other half is spam mong so truly most days im rotating between helper and spam mong.
Need a HHL spacker shower update
Back in the day, I used to consider Ebin the most relatable person I'd ever come across, but now I think Soundspacker (FBR) may have usurped him in that regard.
If you are genuinely wanting to get into anal play start small and build up 
it is extremely easy to bugger your arse and rupture it haha 
so just use plugs and lots of lube see how you get on with the biggest plug after building up and then get a regular dislocated not too big or girth and fuck your self with it 
:) 
I use plugs to warm up then a smaller dildo then I move onto my bbc one and go wild
This cunt posting grim tranny porn and schizo bollocks has wrecked the thread
I sometimes guiltily jerk off to cute fat lads
seasideMARK will concentrate on BEER REVIEWS now
It a new direction in his career
It a lovely
Cringe porn posting is really the worst britfeel arc. Think britfeel writing team discovered crack cocaine.
Get in there ssm lad
have a wank spam mong
lucifer is here and running free
howling you left your trip on you cunt
Wtf you on about I never took it off. Im not talking to myself. Are you aware of this and looking for a (You) or you schizophrenic? Take the (You) anyway I dish em out for freeeeee deeee leeeeeds
Hope Loser Signs lad is doing alright
The only decent poster left in this hell hole
Off yourself Loser mong
What's wrong with SSM's face? It looks weird...
Looks fine to me hes just a bit tired is all
4 times mongier if that alright with you my leeeeeed sk get in there it a LUSH I tell you it not ok it LUSH hehe oh yeah mmmmm oh yummy lovely no sulphites for me you gay cunt you utter dire retard mong so get in thereeeeee R kid yeah wostierw
Corr QUADS 
IT LOVELY
They are talking about us in /deutsch/ again
Tell us about your mum giving you special cuddles again you massive mong
oh yeah shut this thread down then and go drivel in deutch mong mate
Thanks anon I am holding up...and feeling more positive about the future, but have a long way to go. Part of me feels too far gone, but I have to try, right?
also that girl is genuinely one of the sweetest dommes I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.
Off yourself spam fag
IT is a lovely job
wahey usual spam replies so get in there my leeeeeed 4 times angrier because he got caught out it a lush it a lovely IT LUSH all on for free my replies leeeeeeed what a sad gay cunt so get in deeeeeeeeer my leeeeeeeeed
fat cunt put the fork down and go for a jog you disgusting pig.
why do britfeel threads go so fast? are the lids that exuberant?
Last thread was 20 hours
Some are fast and some are slow
Depends who is on my lad
Footlad is too easy to wind up
i want to contribute but it goes too fast for me to track. i watch on and clap supportively for you all
Garnnnnn
been busy having a wank and now shall be sleeping 
night all xx
The key is never, never work. Nothing is more aging than work. It's not only the strain of getting up in the morning for work, but it's the resentment that settles on your face
SpankBang again? I was on there earlier watching JOI
sad middle aged helper cunt off trip acting the hard lad by spamming britfeel. 
bet his mum is so proud
oh no wait she isnt haha
Goodnight Footlad. Hope you're doing alright my leed
love SpankBang me 
gn lad sleep well! X
Angela lad hope you are smiling and taking care of yourself
How is her cock so big?
Sexual intercourse is a poor substitute for masturbation
frosty is helperturd in disguise literally cant even bother to use different images. pathetic sad drug addict. all alone in his dirty bedsit surrounded by white lightning bottles. OD coming on strong.
I'll help you wank x
I need more L signs with feet pics
I post apus and like R KID HelperCHAD but im not HIM! We are allies however. We R womfers. R KID.
i have been here
met Shame tonight innit
Glad to hear it mate
Most lads here are far too gone but there is still hope for you. Just try not to lose your job
Makes me laugh seeing the picture of my fat apu in his concrete box, everytime. Its so silly and cute gives me brumper fun energy. Hes having so much fun in his concrete box! Just look at him go! Hes a fucking nutter! >>73005525
I get how kids play with legos now when you invest time into something stupid you start to get enjoyment out of it. As far as im concerned my apu is real. (Because he is)
Was scared for R helperlid when everyone was ganging up on him after a bender. Was talking him out of it because hes R KID
I'm glad SSM turned his back on tiktok. He was becoming unbearable with all the repetition. 
He also said he wont be posting any more videos with Helen. I bet she said something to him kek
SSME probably started posting on his TikTok videos and he didn't know how to moderate it so just deleted everything
I am going to try my best not to lad, cheers for the support.
Imagine being a 40 odd year old woman and MARK is walking around saying " 'old en 'elen need to make a viral video dunt 'a " 
Still cant believe people like SSME exist. He lives to bully someone he can latch onto as inferior. Hes so fucking boring and insidiuous he has to beat up the toddler in front of him. Fucking HATE HIM!
just got a new matress and some real silk (100% polyester) sheets.
Very comfy, cant wait till beddington.
Has SSME done auditing yet? I bet hes too pussy to do it but he obviously wants to. Paints a real story that he's willing to drive down to marks house to harass him (knowing he will shit himself and wont confront him) but wont go harass random fat blokes working for SPACCA logistics. Hes a true coward
Back from playing me poolington, won some, lost some. 
It's all the run of the ball.
SSME seems to have retired now. He could not defeat the mighty SSM!
AM IN FOOKIN WAREHAM TRAIN STATION WAITING FOR MARKHH BUT HES NOT HERE.
If mark actually turned up in retard mode he'd shit himself. But he knew he wouldnt. Makes it all the more rat like that he went down with this in mind. What is it with bullies always being RATS. They always look like rats as well. Its weird. They are little vermin creatures larping as humans its crazy
Why are there no SSM gifs on the normie gif search things in messaging apps?
He went to Mark's house after Mark was giving it the 'come fuckin raaand' and Mark was cowering behind the sofa. The police were called. 
We all know this, yet you somehow don't and you're obsessed with the smelly fat cunt.
I know, there should be desu. I might make some gifs and webms tomorrow
You won't 
You didn't even make that one
Home from work and once again trying to manifest a cute lad to dress like a girl and sit on my lap
I can't remember if I made that webm but half of the SSM pics re-posted I made
Link to the video little lad? You wont
Cunt has no other plans but to sit on his phone all night. Tosser
Why yes I am on that wuppagrind tonight. Used me points on the waccies app to get a free Veg Deluxe if that's alright with you my leeeeeeeeds. It on for free and it lush. And I mean LUSH x
Don't worry lad. Make some gifs and throw them up on Tenor! Then facebook boomers can see our lod.
I saw a beautiful zoomer femboi the other day and thought about this post you often make. I hope he sits on your lap someday fren.
Waccies on for FREE my leed! 
I won a free apple pie today on their peel to win promotion they have going
It a lovely
We all eat for free in life x
I'll just post 'em here and anons can use them de lat
this thread is helperturds life what a sad repetitive Mong.
Got a free wam wonut from Greggs earlier too. I'm on that freefoodgrind me.
It's all coming up seaside x
I give it 2 weeks before your snorting coke guzzling beer and slurping cock you degenerate waster
You still up Footmong? Get to sleep you have toil tomorrow
Awww
That would be nice, thank you
I'll look forward to seein' 'em when I get home from work.
If you work somewhere with a Krispy Kreme and get to know the staff, you'll find out they bin hundreds of donuts every night. So if you stop by before close they'll give you as many as you want.
I give it 2 weeks before your snorting coke guzzling beer
And if I do it's still paid for by wagies like you. Cheers x
Phwoaaaaar will have to remember that de lid. Can't beat free food. It wovely x
Cuck fetish gay boy
seethes and spams off trip only to come on his gay little moniker to roll out the same boring shit he has done all his life. soon to be a putrid stain on the bedsit floor when he finally does of overdosing. dont sorry lads im sure his stubby little mong fingers are already choosing his next best pepe to show off how big a winner he is in life. 
he had a vegetarian burger today coooooor monumental that. in your thirties and having a burger.
it a lush x
Only ever seen Footmong call Helper that.
Mong mate has a jobcentre appointment on Saturday kek
Footmong hurry up and go to bed, you have work in the morning :-)
lowest iq mong about is R helperturd and he does have awfully grim fingers.
yeah lad so do most functioning adults haha.
proud of R helpertard 
oh and he shit himself wow.
You know lids. I'm sensing he's quite mad. Oh well. Garn have another wuppa me. Cheers x
what a cunt.
seethemong/footspacker on a mad one tonight
It's an Apu not a Pepe actually. Cheers x
no helperturd you have zero knowledge on how taxes work or how the money you get for being a scrounging gimmebrit is broken down by our salary. 
you are paying for your shit life everyday and that is reward enough for me so get in there have a wuppa you sad slug.
avatar mong clarifies his avataring 
cooooor make it easy you spakka;)
howling at you cunts
class stuff you tadpole space cadet.
Limp dick. Break down and cry
so helperturd if you post a Apu as you call it with every post you make 
yeah enjoy the holiday you stubby fingered retard
suck off your mates cock oh please sir please let me suck your cock 
no Sean you freak im garn off thanks for buying all the cocaine again you sad cunt.
Wissed me corrr phwoarrr might drink a few more get in de leeds.
the quality of someone like this is that of a turd. 
a messy squirt shit from a bad curry know what I mean mate! you are genuine scum.
Alri R KID happy to see you hear get innnn deeee ee leeeeeeed. What you up to tonight apart from the wuppa grind
Remember that disgusted look the prostitute gave you when you couldnt get hard lol
helperturd talking to himself all night again.
suicide would be your best option mate.
put that on your cv lazy dosser
some days I come here to see how miserable and pathetic helperturds life is and I feel insurmountably better haha.
yeah use your time wisely you sad cunt.
Speaking of suicide encouragement, this one's for footlid x
Gwarn lid have a good wank over this
https://i.4cdn.org/gif/1681857618026483.webm
Ive met a prozzy before and didnt fuck them who cares its a badge of honour. When you stop feeling sorry for yourself and see it as a joke its alright. Wahey. Take my facking money oh well its a story waheyy
Dunno R KID. Might find a film to watch before beddingtons or grind some Dead by Daylight.
kill your self you turd.
Looking forward to wquid game season 2 me. I hope they release it 1 episodfe a time we can talk about it in here. Get in deeee leeeeeed
no surprise there.
You are literally the one person here who has an even worse life than him
no cheese on my chicken big mac
NOT happy
rent freeeeee get in de leeeeeeeeeds
Aye Squid Game is kino. Will have to get a cheeky wakeaway in when that first wepisode of weason 2 drops. It's a lush x
cockroach.
Remember when you cat fell over and you were so upset about it you started crying, a full grownan crying over a cat lol
remember when you broke down crying because you are in your mid 30s still eating slop and playing video games and your life is a complete failure amongst the drug addiction and hatred from your parents who have to pander to your bollocks.
Bummed by an old man lmao
A fucking pussy delivery boy giving it all that. Get back to fucking work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BH2_vmVfEE [Embed]
when all the adults are at work and the grown men who stay in their bedrooms post here.
gay.
Made some really bizarre decisions in ny life
nothing more bizarre than doing shitty cut with fentanyl coke with your leech mate who uses you for drugs and booze and asking to suck his cock
GAY!
He might get audited himself one day
How many interracial cuck images do you have on your pc, be honest
No I'm not. I fucking hate security. Right little jobsworths thinking they have any powers.
Happy hump day wagies x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbxUSsFXYo4 [Embed]
Get womfy with a wope wound your neck
I don't work. I have no job.
They think you are me, im the 6am wagie
So what exactly did paige say when she dumped you
It Wednesday x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVAHyF99NC8 [Embed]
Sucks to be wagie. We all have our ways to survive.
Might go to the shops and get some crisps. Worth it really if you think about it. I want them.
Should probably stop hoarding files. Might delete it all.
Days dont matter to you they're all as empty as each other
If I was security, I'd fucking be bored out of my mind.
I dont mind it, if i was stuck at home all day I'd just drink myself to death
Nice try gary Lineker
At my place they have a tv radio Internet and a coffe machine in their little booth, they get paid for womfing
It sounds like an easy job but there's no way I could be one if I'm going to start auditing.
Get multiple personality disorder and audit yourself
I don't think I'll be doing that. Just the usual stuff. Silent audits will be an interesting experiment.
Proper good sleepingham this wos
Watching Battle Royal (2000) me.
It Wapanese x
A lot of seethies in this morning or maybe one seethie onna mad one
You are such a boring fucking twat. How long have you been posting about this, yet I bet you haven't left the house a single fucking time since you started. Have fun auditing the spiders in your fucking garden you retard.
It's just the one seethie weether actually. Hopefully he's fucked off to beddingtons so we womfy nightlids can post in peace.
Lad not seething or anything but why are you ignoring questions about your sexuality?
Why so angry lid?
Helper I'm asking because I think you're a nice looking guy, I live in Newcastle and we have similar politics. I had a crush on you in your YouTube days but thought you were straight. Now you aren't? So maybe we can meet.
He's not obliged to reply to every post.
He is obliged.
Battle Royale is pretty good de lids. First time watching it.
HelperLad why won't you answer me? I fancy you and I'm interested in meeting up if you are into guys
your joke is boring lad. we get it, helper wanted to suck a cock. half of us are complete degens here would do the same.
I shall soon be feasting on a womfy brekkie
the masculine urge to move to colorado
Wolorado
Fucking unemployed boomeroid schizo needlessly started sabotaging the heating again yesterday
It got above 22 celsius until last night/for a week or so and now it keeps turning itself off just below again
Wquid game season 2 will be a kino day for writfeel R KIDS
He who controls the womf shall become the womf
Britfeel battle royale when?
Reckon me, wrosty and offielid would team up.
Corrr you posted that as I posted a wquid game post after being away for ages we synced up R KID. We'd make a good SWUAD R KID x
starting thursday gonna be doing 100 press ups per day, time to get /ripped/
Phwoaaaar. It's a sign de lid.
Just finished Battle Royale. Much better than the Wunger Games. Very touching ending. It's a lovely x
I go beddingtons now. Too tired for YouTubes, so I'm going straight to sleepingtons me. Hope the rest of the nightguard shift is a womfy one for the lids are who still staying up. Amazing how much more peaceful this threadington is when certain posters leave. We all want peace and womfort in life x
Cheers x
Na-night ziggy see ya in the mornin pal
I shall now be ingesting the supplementshires
Keep me posted mate
had the worst hours long panic attack induced by codeine alcohol weed
gonna have to start believing in god now..
but i had zza and a muffin
Or maby dont do a cocktail of drugs at 3am?
i messed up bad x
At least your feeling better, are you calm enough to sleep
not really, passed out earlier i think
i wouldnt say i overdid it, but im getting older..
96% white and it shows
Notice how the rapists have Muslim names. Also wtf...this lad is 27 and looks 50.
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-65274470
And you can't even get a girlfriend. They'd rather be groomed by Hussains and Azhars.
If i was ever conscripted i to the army id chose to be an artillery gunner
Chatty bunch arnt we
Kek these teenagers ignored giving him the content he craves. Now if only security, jobsworths and police would do the same.
https://youtu.be/nvRuiGZSGa0 [Embed]
corr the genetics aren't treating him well. least he probably has the intelligence and charisma stats to compensate. sucks to be balding this bad during your prime years. at least he's got a good group of middle class friends who don't judge entirely by looks.
The face looks a little bit like ebin
i want to explore the depths of a tranny rectum
Also similar hairline
Are you not good enough for women or are you just a pervert for trannys
This messes the auditor's gameplan up so much. They're so used to getting a reaction. They crave getting the content and when no one makes a fool of themselves, they try to save face. Luckily for them a good majority of this country's working class cannot contain their feelings/egos and will lash out. That's why they seem to target easy places like warehouses, jobcentres and police stations. I'm surprised he'd upload such footage...maybe he thinks he "won" the battle.
Shame he'll never come back.
ebin was my favourite personality
Same, he was entertaing while not being an attention whore
I cant see what page were on again
When you have no friends and get envious at those enjoying their time together...
I'm too much of a hateful person now to ever be liked by girls. I feel like the crippling loneliness drove me to being a nasty person. I don't think it's possible to even improve at this point. I'd still be seen as a loser if I started working in a mundane job.
I have to remind myself there are horrible Chads who get relationships because of their looks and manipulative tactics. Women stick to being in abusive relationships all the time. They see anyone that isn't really attractive as a loser.
At least you realise it there are thousands of people walking around abusing others while think they're the victim
Couple hours to lunchingham still
It womfay
Need to get the other shit done stat too
Hi britanons. Hope I'm not intruding
If anyone's from the Northumbria area, what's it like?
Part of my family emigrated from there in the 1680s. Wondering how you anons are doing now
Alternatively, what is the image of that region in the eyes of British people?
Thanks,
Amerilard
Just busted a big fat ol' nuttinghamshire to the pic the gf sent over earlier in the evening 
Extremely nice to reminisce on the fact i got to tap that so many times
It really is comical sometimes how much life (and in extension, general existence within physicality) for the non-NPC resembles a vidya game where one constantly levels up by stepping out of one's comfort zone/secured abilities and grinding experience out in the wide world in order to grow as a character, lol
It's exactly intended to be this way too, funnily enough. God's sense of humour is nice
Proper stinky fartingham this was
corrr
https://youtu.be/w_JQHTvJ6K0 [Embed]
Corr guess what happened de lids? He's only gone and woken up hasnt he? Guess what's happened? He actually woke up. WOW what an experience. He woke up WOOOWWW what an experience.
Eurgh got a hangover and have to do a lot of work today. Not a good start to my Wednesday. 
Will be getting out of the bed fortress shortly, need to wash off the dried lube from yesterday's big wank session (gf away so could watch my questionable porn on the lounge TV) and then get some baked beans, got a desperate hankering for some beany boys this morn
Was funny how the gf indirectly admitted to secretely going through all my stuff earlier too, lol
Like, she somehow found a way of telling me she did this and overstepped this line without actually outright admitting to it. Fucking sneaky immature femoid behaviour right there
Most everything she keeps "interrogating" me about over and over again is some sort of paranoid projection on her part too of course. Definitely has a ton of emotional damage/baggage and somewhat of a past "she's not telling me about" (exactly what she says i'm doing lol), what with her shit nagging personality and constant trust/commitment issues and all that. 
But the pussy is just too damn good for me to just pass up in the end here, and she knows it too heh
proper good sleep that laaaaads 
only two more sleeps till Friday 
hope cmbynamelad first week back is going good and Angela lad and lollers are all happy and smiling xx
Up noice and wearly fresh as a waisy de lads.
Garn start le day off left with a triple serving of special K and a spunk of semi skimmed.
Corrrrrrs are in corrder me reckons.
If anyone ever touches FBR or Doggerbreh I'm going to exterminate their extended family.
Who is doggerbreh?
What a vile thing to do, falsely tell your children they were conceived from rape (they weren't). Has clearly harmed them
Robby Illig, the family dog
Soundspacker feeds him with pretzel sticks, sometimes followed by Doggerbreh sharting in the bed heh
So FBR is extremely based, and often speaks of (((moneylenders))) although his family has a menorah and flag of Israel, what's up with that?
These gazillion fockin hurdles i need to jump thru to get to this destination piss me the fuck off really
Way fucking harder than it has to/ought to be
Gonna make one last big push of course at least, but if it's no use either then i'll just leave it at that and let the thing fizzle out i guess
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
fuck British "People" everyone I know hates British "People"
Soundspacker we're all rooting for you, make the journey and finally inseminate your lady love
His mother ("booze-twat") is trying to sabotage him with things he hates
Warum fahren sie nicht?
Makes sense. I can believe she'd do something like that.
godspeed, soundspackerlad
WEIL DAS DIE JUDEN SO GEMACHT HABEN
The risk is low of course, but this is a life-ruining risk
73011438
If you think you've got a difficult journey, image the trek your sperm have from your ballsack to her womb, heh
What if Soundspacker (SS, heh!) is only anti-semitic (and auto-antisemitic to boot) because he hates his Jewish family?
Geh raus und schrei, dass Hitler nichts falsch gemacht hat
Early choon posting?
https://youtu.be/4VubY10ydY8 [Embed]
Stimmt es, dass du beim Saugen eines Pferdes erwischt wurdest?
My granddad didn't die for this
GOON MORNING LADS!
Another day another goon sesh to melt my brains. Logged in to my wfh (wank from home) laptop a whole four minutes early so they think I'm really going the extra mile instead of gooning my fucking brains away the entire working day lmao!
Anyway, feeling like Katja Kassin is the woman for me today. Such a fucking thick short pancake stack of booty and a metric TON of anal scenes under her belt, plenty of IR as well. What a goddess!
What are the lads gooning to today?
I was insulting him, saying he socks off horses. My great grandfather died in the battle of the somme. I don't know what he'd think.
What about this, our dead ancestors look at the world and think, wtf was the point in fighting the Germans? The western world is worse off, full of degenerates running the countries, allowing depravity to corrupt children.
My grandfather didn't die for this.
Your grandad quite literally did die for my right to goon my brains out. We can argue over whether or not that was a good thing to die for, but those are the facts lad.
Spamming bbc again lad? You know nanny takes a dim view to it.
Sucka, my grandad died of a stroke in 1996
What we all doing for Corriebobs?
I'll be making the OFFICIAL ROYAL QUICHE.
WFAH Chad reporting in. Big schedule today, starting with akira. After dinner I'll see what there is to do, might take half day off to play vidya.
I'll be booing, it not on, changing the name from Kings slaaaag to Queen.
Change of plan. Vidya activities now, film later. Its a hard life in this fast paced fantasy office.
What does your wank from home job entail? I mean I know you're gooning all day, but what do the mugs that are paying you think you're doing?
I get it fairly easy when WFH and sometimes have a cheeky wank, but I do need to be constantly available for calls and need to keep on top of the emails and teams messages.
I do third party editorial work for a contractor company. Basically when some random publisher is too retarded to screen the manuscripts themselves they send it through to my company and it gets assigned to one of us. Work comes in dribs and drabs and most of the time I don't even read the manuscript I just send them one of the prewritten emails I have saved with whatever somewhat vague justifications for the decision which I randomly make. Beyond that there's some minor general admin stuff that I can bash out in 20 mins in the morning, but no big regular meetings. Only if a manuscript comes through marked IMPORTANT do I actually properly read it and make a decision on it, but those are fairly rare.
Can't believe this pays more than when I was on a non-contractor job. There is no way this can last forever, surely not. I have it so fucking good right now, I've never gooned as much in my life than since I started this job about 20 months ago.
is wizza acceptable for breakfast, lads? 
i don't mean leftover pizza from the night before that's been in the fridge i mean just a brand new frozen pizza cooked in the oven
nothing else is taking my fancy
Phwoar
I want to _____ Priti Patel in her _____
Seriously all these memories will be fueling future fap sessions for fucking years to come for me
These two previous trips were defo worth it but the third one might very well *not* happen due to this other bullshit standing in the way
What memories? Where are you travelling to? What's going on here I'm out of the loop?
is it a bad idea to give the weedman my address so he can drop off to my house?
am I better arranging a neutral location to meet in?
I need to goon like wankfromhomelad
It's only soundspacker's latest larp about impregnating a girl he's met online. Obviously he's such a chad after years of living with his mother and in isolation in a council flat that she immediately jumped on his cock after the first date.
Give him your neighbour's address and just wait outside
Women are actually evil holy shit
he must have these filtered because it didn't set him off
Gonna prep the soup locker in 5
SSM throwback video from 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhVC5uuRIIY [Embed]
The kopium is off the charts here, heh!
was he always fat?
he's now a beer reviewer?
Apparently kek
SSM made a new TitTok account to review beer despite saying he was done with TikTok
Strings to Edwards' bow:
- Gambling expert
- Second hand product trader
- Litter picker
- Charity raffle ticket seller
- Food bank volunteer
- DJ
- Beer reviewer
- All round entertainer
Get in deere coomer lad
literally the best trap currently making content and arguably the best ever to make smut
I would fucking kill my dog to wife her and live in a cosy wood cabin in a cold country and fuck her in front of the fireplace every night
GOON morning lats
Hope all my favourite lats are happy and smiling
If only there were several boards dedicated to porn and/or gooning
Of course lad will be on that goon grind when I get out of the bed fortress
Really wish we only had a Lisa Ann and Angela White spammer. This thread would be the best on 4chan.
Morning de lad get in there
I mean, I get what you're trying to do, but you just come across as a low energy goonlad post
Can't believe he deleted his tiktok. He had 600k followers. Madness.
Anyone else notice seasideMARK removed the PayPal donation link from his YouTube channels?
It's not a donations link it's a free gifts link
All the Wank from Home lads in today
It a lovely
Won't be wanking today. I'm on a promise so need to be full for this evening
Same here. She wants me to dominate her as well after accommodating my sub fantasies for a few days.
Is this worn posting a teenage rebellion phase or is he garn keep doing it all the time. Not right at all. Me posting this post will just encourage him. Not bothered going to keep typing this post out, fill out the facking catpcha then click on the post button because Im an OG gangster. Cheers x
Sabotaging himself. He had a genuine chance of real success but it doesn't match up with his image of himself as a loser so he fucked it.
What a sad cope mate. I hope one day you have sex too.
I left a load of 2160p porn torrents downloading over night
Soon as they're done it's GOON TIME heh
It's a hard life but someone has to do it x
He only want a small following
1k subs is all he needs
He get too many friend requests on Tiktok
Get in deeee leeeed R MARK is properly on it. he know what he want
/deutsch/ is so superior to /britfeel/
This image is so photoshopped the geezer who made this pic has super saiyan body dysmorphia x10.
Get in deerre de lattington
the bfs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnMrOzn-JoE&amp;list=PLMgYkUBNUCh-7dNz-EiCva2faDGN5A4dK&amp;index=5 [Embed]
Just woke up ent I
Just woke up 
I've just woke up if that's alright with you
So get in there
Go back to sleep you boring mong
Something tells me goonlad doesn't actually have a job but likes to think that he does. Probably not actually gooning either, otherwise how can he still regularly post here.
No I don't think I will my leed if that's alright with you?
It's hhl posting off trip mate
https://youtu.be/zyqZ813G4is [Embed]
He a famous beer reviewer now. He knows his way around a few jars and when he means a beer is lush - he means its fucking LUSH there is no mucking about with Seasidemark_beer_reviews
beachesbenchesandpubgardens
Gooners R groomers
*runs away*
https://www.tiktok.com/@dorsetmark/video/6991462573342346501
HOWLING at his new meme format. He 4x speed now. It great. It hilarious.
If you play it at 0.75 speed you can hear what he's actually saying
He can't even get his own disability right
They're both annoying but I disagree. At least SSM is vaguely relevant in that he's a fat disgusting alcoholic dosser like many posters here, and sometimes does something retarded enough to be funny. Goonmongs are literally just porn spammers, and they don't even post good porn.
Oi, I'm not fat.
Similar to a certain Lolicon-obsessed shut-in.
Lil' Swanny on a mad one today rolling out the porn and SSM spam.
updatin his cv he is lad.
https://www.tiktok.com/@dorsetmark/video/6991460678116658438
Imagine having your tongue so far up a smelly fat man's anus that you spam his Tiktoks and YouTube videos every waking second
yeah like your porn spam is better? there are thousands of porn threads on 4chan but lets just turn britfeel into one too! twat.
Alternatively, I'm not him either
He's enjoying himself with Helen while seethers sit at home seething. Get in.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naFt2KumRI8 [Embed]
helper turd and spam mong spending another day circling the drains of this shitfeel general.
how many was it really?
IQ of a slug.
Absolutely FIIIEEEENDING for this release, lads, EvilAngel knocks it out of the park once again. Can't fucking believe I have to wait until May 5th for it ffs.
Love Vicki Chase I do.
nah, his views on newer videos were lower and lower. he would not found any sponsors or deals which is how you make money from tiktok. tiktok has very low ad revenue compared to youtube.
ssm videos is not spam
every post is
what the fuck happened
How much money do you owe, lads? What are your total debts?
All posts on all boards I not like are him 
Man from local news article
The only good poster left in this thread
MB really did a number on BN. Who never ever posts here and is spending time with his fertile beautiful young wife.
He does occasionally post here, but he's got better things to be doing with his life for the most part. Nothing wrong with taking 5 minutes to relax and shitpost once in a while
WHAT THE?
https://twitter.com/TalenGuzman/status/1648372319469858816
Why you talking about yourself again
He goes on other boards and thinks 'that.. that man from local news...I know it because post offend me...' and this is proof of a life outside of his smelly bedroom.
Fat lad onna mad one today heh
student loans: 45k
credit card debts: 7k
miscellaneous stuff I owe to individuals: 12k
my bennies will cover it, don't worry
This has been posted literally dozens of times. And you will keep posting it forever more. Very sad.
Fink me vagus nerveington might be fucked 
Explains the palpitations and all the other shit pretty perfectly imo 
Need to get some supplements and/or devices prolly
Or maybe visit a chiropractic or sommet too
It Local News man who hates spammer from /brit/. Only him!
Next he'll post the webm. Like it will offend me.
The interference with me nerve control would also explain the accidental troon-lite attraction yesterday
Gonna get this sorted asap before it affects me reproductive capability heh
Bet you can hear the slap slap slap of his feet approaching from a mile off
Yer fanny?
Any of you lads play pool?
i am from the parallel timeline where the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland joined the Bolsheviks.
i am not typing this on 'a computer': to me 'the computer' is the worker in our soviet who is really good at maths. there was no war that led to the development of machines that do this for us. i think he has some kind of mental abnormality that makes him especially adept at maths, but i have no clue who 'Hans Asperger' is.
at any rate he does his job like we all do. no such thing as money in the Republic of England, but we all get our food vouchers. is it true some of yous have 'more food' or 'less food'? seems absurd tbqh.
Just saw a post on the origami board and I got upset 
That mean MB post it
Fockin Paki nibba rung me doorbell and ran away. Cheeky wanker, time to put on me muffs to eat some lunchingwoodhurst in peace.
Does that webm upset you lid?
2 of those are mine
You Greg I know it because it unfunny, dull post
Fucking hell Greg has the irl soijak face kek
We have an abundance of food, but no way to cook it.
6 of those are mine desu
Reminder that Shippy BEGGED Amer to blank his face out first before posting it, Amer refused and just posted it like this on purpose
Because U R.
Mark Broadbridge has a weltdown whenever he thinks Shippy is in the thread kek
WIZZA FOR DINDINS LADS
STONEBAKED PEPPERONI FWWOOOOAAARRRR!
That's quite funny, Amer's a right nasty piece of work
I am going around other boards finding posts I don't like and this is proof of a life outside of 4chan
It him who accuse posters of being [personality]. Not me.
Yeah a total lack of self-awareness there I have to say lel
Sasha de Sade is an absolute minx, love her. Wish she did more chastity content though.
Have you seen the content she makes with her sister? Like it's seriously bordering on full-on incest. Dildoing each other, lots of heavy petting, a few kisses, sister using a fleshlight on sasha etc.
Shit's wild.
Yeah, he has an intern run it for him. Celebrities don't run their own social media, lad.
Really is disturbing how much blacked stuff Swanny posts on the daily.
Do you also love the idea of finally losing your virginity one day?
congrats, lad, you've done him
Really is disturbing how much you think of some random man on the daily.
Yep, that hit a nerve. Was on target.
I am become porn, gooner of brains
Wuppagrind mode engaged.
Petty lads trying to get one over on each other and congratulating themselves for it. One of the worst aspects of /britfeel/ honestly.
Only person that seems bothered is you, going from general to general talking about the same poster/posters.
Post some funny images and stuff. Cheers x
You sound a tad perturbed little lad.
Me
Cool, collected, calm, relaxed, unstressed.
Seething, foaming at the mouth, apoplectic, aggravated, upset.
You lads know that Black Youth in the US who Dindu Nothing and was Going To Church so that he could Turn His Life Around and was Doing Well In School, who got shot by an 80 year old man on the elderly man's front porch?
Turns out this was him:
https://files.catbox.moe/5forvq.mp4
It's amazing how literally no articles even mentioned that he was carrying a large mag semi-auto carbine while trying to pry the guy's door open. I guess if an 80 year old man sees a stranger with a gun trying to get into his house he might think he's in danger and decide to defend himself.
Nah, actually it was just racism. The old man was a nazi or something.
Me
Gooner, sexually satisfied, happy, tingles from brain melting, plenty of online friends on goontwitter/goondiscord
Frigid, sexually frustrated, seething, unhappy, stuck in dead-end job, no friends at all
If I wanted to listen to people seething and arguing about America's Latest Murder I could go to literally any other thread on /r9k/ or /pol/
Closerlad here.
Finishing this thread with some womfy thots.
Footcunt has breached the image limit again so imagine if you will a luscious blonde looking temptingly into the camera whilst relaxing on a leather sofa.
most good posters left so that's left is the shit
Here we have an imagined picture of a brunette with 36DDs bent over a snooker table, playfully caressing the brown and the pink.
Next up it's our first Asian thot of the day, coming to you in a nurse outfit with cut outs to allow her medium sized breasts to be enjoyed by you, the reader.
Moving swiftly on we have a soaking wet, petite thot who's just pulling herself out of a swimming pool- her perky nipples very visible inside her see through bikini.
One for the ebony lovers! They've had this little slag posing for the camera's whilst grabbing one of her massive tits and licking her nipple, looking directly into your eyes
One of my personal favourites, a threesome picture with Brandi Love and two other slutbags eating each other's fannies inbetween pots of plastic flowers
Just because I know we have some fans in the house: Angela White, having just finished in the shower, drying her legs with her fat arse pointing towards the camera
Couldn't ignore the latinas. This Columbian beauty is simply sitting on her window sill, staring out into the distance with her assets on full display. Wouldn't happen in a terraced house in Liverpool.
Two blonde bimbos in colourful lingerie on a bed. Plain and simple. One's licking the other's tit.
One particularly curvaceous brunette sprawled over a pink bed, legs spread wide for us to admire her hairless twat
Now think of a strict looking librarian type, just trying to fetch a book from the bottom shelf. Love how deep she's had to bend over in that short skirt.
Appreciate the effort, closer
das war einer von /deutsch/
deine mutter hat anscheinend deine adresse rausgegeben damit der hurensohn keinen muell mehr in ihren garten wirft
