tfw no gf to cuddle and listen to lana del rey with
I VOLUNTEER I VOLUNTEER lana bf pls
Lana del rey is for faggots and vapid bitches
t. fembot with decent music taste
You need to worship the Son of God instead brother, amen.
this anon is one of those ugly pick me women who has to hate on other women because they're so jealous and ugly and their life is so awful the most they can do is sit on 4chan and try to boast their superior music taste. learn how to make yourself attractive and experience the world as a lana fan and maybe you won't be so fucking unbearable and pathetic
Yeah, pretty accurate I can't lie. I'm generally not much into self-improvement though, sorry. I'll work on being less obnoxious if you start listening to real music. Deal?
im not really a lana fan im just a hater by nature, deal
I'm also a pathological hater. Glad we agree on something
I like Lana and I'm not a faggot
need a gf ? original ofc
Yeah, idk about trying to get a gf on here though
Somehow I really like her "Heroin" song.
don't let other anons know the secret that if you tell a girl you like:
weezer
deftones
lana del rey
melanie martinez
the cure

they will fall in love with you
they're literally baiting you
Add The Neighbourhood to the list and we got a deal.
Baiting how?
it's not worth it man. I dated a girl who I bonded with over our shared love of lana. It started off great till she turned into an alcoholic who'd only respond to my texts if she wanted to fuck. Me being the dumbass I am really thought I found a hopeless romantic to fall in love with, but alas
what is the real music we should listen to anon :0
I will eat your face off.
I'm sure there are some worthwhile girls who like Lana
obviously there are, but even those aren't going to magically fix you. sure having a gf with the same interests who shows love and affection is cool and all, untill the initial rush wears off. Then you realise you're still a complete wreck, and no gf is going to fix that. As someone who's got decent success with women I can honestly say it never truly made me happy. And i'd much rather be like one of my NEET friends who stays indoors 24/7 playing vidya but is atleast happy doing so.
