What league are chubby girls like picrel?
Her sexual market value is above this entire board combined.
That bitch is fat, and since a "league" is just subjective metric in my opinion she is in the 2/10 LARDASS league
shes fat
no thx i have a gf lol
2-4/10 is what you'd see
Stop worshipping girls and start worshipping Jesus Christ, amen.
wtf? Am I getting that desperate? I think her face is beautiful. Like Stacy tier.
You just see lipstick and eye makeup because you are pic related/
Look at her shoulders dawg, she is a beached whale. A wall staged one at that.
She has a very feminine facial structure: small upturned nose, plump lips, a small jaw, and her eyes are proportional too. her facial structure is around 7/10. she'd be a 7/10 at least if she was skinnier. 
and thus, she's better-looking than most incels when it comes to just bone structure (which is all that matters).
fat girls have personality issues.
they eat all your snacks.
they take up all your space.
they smell more.
crumbs all over the house.
grease oozing from all pores.
you can hear them when they walk.
you can feel them when they walk.
that fat person breathing noise.
For sure, she is beautiful
no girls are in my league because I'm low status and I have nothing to offer so I have no worth as a man.
I work with a girl who face-wise looks a lot like OP's girl, same babyish features down to the little mousy nose and small yet full lips, but she has light colored eyes and is slim. My interactions with her are so weird, she told calls me weird and says I have a very pretty looking face for a guy.
this is also her. Whaddya think?
still not thank you. go to the emergency room once and you will see 50 of these
*oompa loompa song plays*
She is around 210-240lbs that is a big lady
All of this is true. They look nice from the safety of my screen, though.
Not bad. Fuckable at the least. Kinda has a down-syndrome face tho.
Fat chicks are usually far worse than non-fat, in that the fatness usually comes from being lazy, so they're also slobs, and often it's a give-up cope because Chad wouldn't stay, and finally there's the whole rotten fat-bitch personality cope thing, which is extremely annoying to deal with.
Your league is the people you get to know. Focus on that, and this one gets an average Joe.
