My friend just confessed her feelings for our other friend (also girl). Im not a lesbian or attracted to girls at all. So why does it hurt like Im losing someone? I wanna scream and straight up kill myself as Im now texting her how much Im happy for her. 
My hands are shaking
Chink wallpaper
My friend
Fuck off normie
Yeah yeah whatever imagine liking korean boys as a girl ik wild
zoomer trash
mayocels went from writing novels copium in the korean threads about why women prefer white men. now to this thread to cope and insult a fembot for having a Kpop wallpaper.
JFL, you can't make this shit up its fucking HILARIOUS
second poster didnt even comment on the wallpaper. stop grasping at straws gookboy
girl
girl
I'm a girl
not rly I am
please be my orbiter and validate my existence cause i'm definitely a girl
huh? No I'm totally a girl PROMISE
Fuck off larper faggot
Dumbfuck
Don't tell her you're happy for her if you aren't. Stop being fake. Stop hanging people who will only loan you time and presence if you're fake.
Korean guys are hot, incel. 
Its normal to feel jealousy over a good friend. Just let it out and youll feel better tomorrow.
It's actually not wild. Tons of girls have supported Korean guys from White dudes here. Like 6 in the past couple weeks. They get mad every single time.
Its hilarious cause it keeps happening over and over again though.
I just wanted to precise that we are all girls and thats why Im questioning my feelings bc Im 100% and it feels weird that Im both happy and devastated 
I still love her (as a friend. My best one at that). I want to be happy for her, she doesnt know that Im bitter over it so it doesnt hurt her. I really want the best for her 
How do I let it out? Im not gonna tell her and ruin everything for a selfish reason 
That was sarcasm
I was actually thinking of posting nudes here with a sign saying Korean Men Only and seeing the reactions, but I think that might be a bit daring looool.
You won't even post a hand pic with a timestamp, relax man, you're too on the nose.
because all females are bisexual
I already posted a timestamp
They both are. I always thought I was ace but I guess it still hurts romantically? I never wanted to fuck her
One day, I will consider doing it lol. 
It would be funny to watch the chimpout that ensues.
You'll probably break r9k
maybe do a vocaroo to tease us :P
doesn't have to be romantic
someone really close to you is now going to spend more time and focus more on someone who isn't you, even if it's not romantic, that still hurts. it's just how friendships go sometimes
would you decline if they invite you for a threesome?
Not op btw oririr
as Im now texting her how much Im happy for her.
Sometimes you try to not hate women, but then you remember shit like this
Look, we all know you're not a girl. Stop pretending. It's embarrassing.
are you single? we could double date with them
I guess you might be right. The thing is, I dont know how its going to progress because the one she confessed to has a boyfriend. They might just talk it out. I dont want it to be awkward between them and between all three of us
They are both beautiful but its really not my thing
What am I supposed to do? Be angry? Tell her that Im not?
Its still my friend who is very happy right now and I want her to cont being happy. Whats wrong with that?
Yeah yeah
Tits or gtfo, of all the larp threads this one is brazenly bad bait.
isn't this something what girls do to guys?
not romantically interested in them and then get buttmad soon as they find a partner?
i have no idea why you guys do it. i was hoping u explain it too me.
Is that a Korean actor? I don't recognize him.
you don't let it out to THEM. you write about it in a journal or something or, I guess, r9k.
either you are upset because you need to re-examine some deeper feelings for them or you're upset because you're nervous about your friendship changing (because, unfortunately, it will) but right now that's not what you should be talking to them about. it's going to sour both your friendships and their relationship
be supportive right now, acknowledge and examine your emotions so you can better understand them if a conversation actually happens, and give them a chance to create a routine with this new dynamic
yup, pussycat is jealous. Now she doesn't have a man but shes nervous about the whole thing i bet
Immediate red flag reading those messages 
you motherfuckers really will talk to anyone jesus christ
The thing is, I dont know how its going to progress because the one she confessed to has a boyfriend. They might just talk it out. I dont want it to be awkward between them and between all three of us
if you can't do anything about it, don't worry about it. that's my motto
me support muhh dyke friend liking a friend that's innocent so she can be sodomized
dykes will be dykes, dykeanon, shame her for being a faggot. she's no friend of yours for breaking the sistercode for being a lesbian
Its an athlete, Yun Sungbin
Thank you anon. I dont think i will ever bring it up with her, but I really do need to just figure out why I even feel this weirdly about it. I do care about her, she is the best friend I could ever get in my life. I guess it really does boil down to me being terrified and jealous. 
I will try to calm down. Again, thanks. 
Yeah
&lt;3
you are not supposed to fuck the same sex
there just saved you months of your life worrying about it
Lying though your teeth is going to make those close to you happy!
At least you could go and change the topic, instead of flatout larping the opposite of what you really feel, twofaced cunt.
Yun Sungbin
Oh, its the physical 100 guy. Is he the farmer one everyone was simping for?
?? She is in need of emotional support after a very scary and draining experience of confessing. And im supposed to be an asshole and disregard her texts like nothing? thats retarded. 
Nope, the olimpian skeletonist
anon, you don't have any friends, huh?
Luckily some that can deal with real answers instead of fake coddling.
some
hehe yeah :3 i believe you
