I'm done. I'm 28 years old. I have a job. I go to bars. There's no one there. I go to parks. There's no one there. I go to the mall. There's no one there. I go to the gym. There's no one there. I try to strike up conversations with people, they're always either shallow or the people act like they're in a hurry to be somewhere or do something else. I try to connect with people online, I get ghosted.
I will never have friends or date. Nobody gives a shit about me, nobody wants me around. I'm a worthless waste of space who doesn't belong in this world.
Online is the on place where all the crap people tell you about socializing actually applies.
Discord is a pretty great friend simulator.
I don't like talking online. I don't even like talking on the phone. I use the internet for entertainment.
Socializing is something I feel more comfortable doing face-to-face. The issue is that I can't find anything to socialize face-to-face with.
In your post you said people ghosted you, as if you wanted to talk to them. 
Does you not liking the situation apply to the rest of your examples?
You can't complain about something not going you way if you didn't even want it.
Im a year older than you and can reel you in to my retarded discord friend group of faggy misfits if you want
I don't want to be a part of some shitty group of misfits. I want real friendship.
I've been lonely for so long that I now refuse to accept anything less.
Socializing online is not my preference. I'll do it if I have to, but I prefer to talk face-to-face.
I'm 25 and in kind of a similar situation. I have one friend from high school and I hang out with him and his family every once in a while, but that's it. Don't meet new people no matter where I go, coworkers are way older than me so I can't relate to them, and not a woman in sight.
OP hang around i will write a longer post with some detailed tips from my life. I moved to a new city at 21 where i knew nobody and by 31 i am married with a close circle of friends. disclaimer i am a white guy with a professional job making decent money so if you are not in that position ymmv
I'm a misfit who's been friendless his whole life due to bullying. And since nobody wants me around, that means I never got to experience life and learn and grow from it.
I have no clue how friendship even works or what to expect from people because I have no experience with people due to them treating me like garbage.
It's totally down to where you live, even a different part of the same metro area can make a huge difference. I know just move bro is shitty advice but life is shitty
ok so here are some tips i learned after years of grinding and falling in and out of various friend groups
as i said at 21 i moved to a major city for a job, i knew nobody, i also have no hobbies and play no sports so those avenues were closed to me. i used meetup.com to go to 2-3 bar events per week for years talking to absolute randos
tip 1 is drink heavily, you likely need to live in a very central location to do this, so you don't have to drive everywhere. drinking makes you funnier and more confident. you should be nicely buzzed at these events.
tip 2 is that small talk is a skill you can grind, you will notice this after you talk to the 100th rando person and talk about the same topics again and again, you start to get really good at telling your little stories, hitting the beats, making them laugh, this will build your confidence too. and i ltierally mean 100th rando, once you talk to 100 strangers you just won't be nervous about it any more.
tip 3 is be generous. buy rounds of drinks for the table or some appetizers. if you get invited to a party or dinner bring the good stuff, splurge on a nice bottle of scotch for example and share it around and leave the leftover for the host, don't take it home. or if you bring a case of beer to a party don't get hung up on sharing the cost or taking the leftovers home. it's not college anymore.
tip 4 is that somebody needs to be the leader. somebody needs to spend the time to come up with ideas, text people first, book tables or tickets, text everyone to get their schedules right, it's hard work but a friend group dies without it. if you meet say 2 guys at one of these meetup events be the one to start a group chat with them and be the one to take the burden of planning to meet up for after work drinks.
tip 5 is to look out for regular reoccuring groups. normally there is 3-4 guys who run these events and come every week. get to know them, remember their names, buy them drinks, try to make every time
I can't move because I have no money and all of my family is here.
I don't do alcohol. I hate the taste of it, and I hate how people act when they're drunk. I have zero tolerance for alcohol or drunk people.
Well then don't expect anything to change in the near or even distant future
i suspected you would react with something like this and all i will say is taht perhaps your closed mindedness and lack of tolerance is contributing to your present social situation
if you are not going to have a hobby or play a sport then drinking is mandatory to meet new people. also mandatory on a first date.
Moving isn't going to help someone who's been a social outcast their entire life.
Nothing is guaranteed
But making no move definitely won't change anything, unless the place he lives in with no opportunities magically transforms
The other reason "just move" is bad advice is because if anon does move to one of the major cities where it is still possible to encounter large numbers of young people on a daily basis, there's no enough housing there so by moving there he will push someone else OUT.
And then THAT GUY will be here, posting about how there's no one to meet.
The problem can't be solved in the US because the US is in demographic decline. Huge stretches of the country where tens of millions of people live have demographics that skew so old that it's very easy to walk around (like OP) and think you are in a series of places where young people should be...but never see them.
We will never know what it is like to live in a country with demographics like the US had in 1970. Where the DEFAULT that you expected to see when you went anywhere was young people. Now that only exists on college campuses and in a tiny handful of neighborhoods in the most expensive places to live in the country.
Nothing will change because I'm incompatible with society. I don't drink alcohol, I don't care about sports, I don't care about TV, I don't care about politics.
Fuck him
Yeah, this can't be overcome. Sorry.
As soon as someone says this, I just check out because I know I can't help them. And that probably nobody can.
Anon go to karaoke and trivia nights at bars. Drive to bigger areas if you have. Alcohol is a great social lubricant and your only requirement at these things is to try, so force yourself to try
you know you have the power to change all of those things right? what do you want exactly? you feel entitled to friends that work around you and your exact requirements while you put in absolutely nothing? you get out of society what you put in, and you're putting in no effort at all
People are super closed off and cliquish these days, and there's nowhere you can go that doesn't cost ridiculous amounts of money. 
We are an atomized and isolated society. Nobody wants to talk to anyone that they don't already know. You can't make new friends without already having friends.
I can't change what I like.
you can, i've done it, but it's difficult and expensive. as i said in my first post i was only able to do it because i was making good money from a young age.
you absolutely can, it's all mindset. you've never acquired a taste for something? anchovies? coffee? blue cheese? dark chocolate? you just have to want to and then actually try, actually put in some effort to get to know the topic, see the beauty in it
I don't think any place that requires spending money is a good way to judge the state of a country's social fabric, because the people that can afford to splurge are the kind who are privileged enough to ignore the underlying problems affecting society at large.
oh yeah i agree the social fabric is absolutely fucked and "just be rich lol" is absolutely not a solution, i was just being pedantic to point out that it is technically still possible, sorry
Poorfags deserve to just jerk off for the rest of their lives.
there is one other way, which is to get a gf from like bumble or hinge and then you can leech off of her social connections, since women tend to have many more friends
find a club or something. Ask at a library
I'm not poor, I just don't believe money should be a factor in friendships. Friendship is something that transcends wealth or social status.
People are always there, they are just there for chad only sweetie ;)
Everywhere I go, people are either not talking to anyone but the people they came with, or they're alone staring at their fucking phones. Nobody knows how to socialize anymore.
you have to go to special events that are designated for you to meet new people, try searching for like networking events or meetup.com i mentioned earlier
Meetup.com has nothing for my city. There is nothing here. People around here don't do those kinds of things.
Of course no one wants some autist annoying a group, you can only meet people via gay hobbies or if you're a chad then you can do it at the bar/nightclub. It's over for 99% of men post college.
speed dating events? professional networking?
i guess you could try taking like a spansih language class? that would put you in touch with the same people every week for a few weeks.
I'm not trying to annoy anybody, I just want to make some fucking friends. I've been to the bar several times, but nobody wants to talk or shoot pool with me. So fuck the bar, fuck their overpriced food and drinks. I'm done with that shithole.
Speed dating events do not exist here. Professional networking events do not exist here.
Already over, you need to find some gay hobby like rockclimbing or friends via work. It's impossible for sub chads to approach groups during drinking sessions.
Work is not a place you can make friends at. The people you work with and the people you hang out with outside of work are not supposed to be the same people. And soon as one of you moves or gets another job, it's over.
then what the fuck do you want man? either make the decision to move and start working towards it, plan and promote some events yourself or stfu. stop thinking and start acting.
i am also like this except god also rapes me with a ghost. it is extremely painful. he will remind me with words, "not only do you not get to have sex or own anything, you also have to get raped". hes raping me while i write this.
I can't move because everyone I know is here. I did plan and promote an event, and no one showed up to it.
I've asked people I knew from high school if they want to hang out, and I either get no response or they're too busy.
People really don't wanna be social anymore. Offline meetings are dead. Third places got killed by covid and haven't been revived. Cinemas are mostly empty. People get hostile when you dare chat them up. Even Discord feels oddly dead as of the past year. Neighbors don't even greet anymore.
It feels like we collectively resigned. There is absolutely nothing left keeping people together. No purpose. No familiarity. No sense of community. No desire to have serious friendships. They're barely even in the mood to fuck anymore.
Society isn't collapsing. It has collapsed.
It's not for me because I already have friends outside of work but some losers at my work have become friends. They game and drink outside of work hours often, my work does have regular drinking events though so it's a lot less formal than other places I've been at. Post college and not faking interests in hobbies it's probably the best bet.
i did it, people do it literally every day, they move to whole new countries where they know nobody
there is no third way here like what do you want? you either make a change or stay the same
I can't just abandon my loved ones and pets.
Yup, hell in my experience it's not even limited to flirting but even saying hi to women or making a passing casual comment makes them give me a disgusted look
One time a girls small dog ran up to me playfully and I said its a cute dog while she looked repulsed by me
Sure you can, and I guarantee they'd abandon you in an instant if they felt they needed to move in order to improve their lives
i don't regret it for a second, however my family was pretty shitty to begin with so i didn't lose much. i'm much happier now building my own family with my wife than i would have been had i stayed in my hometown with my loved ones and pets.
I'm not that type of person, and I refuse to become that type of person. I will never compromise on my morals and standards.
god is raping me so hard right now. somebody stop him.
Logical fallacy. You are a lying piece of shit.
its been around 4 hours of rape i guess. i've stopped noticing it as much, and being raped has become background noise. every 10 seconds or so, i snap back to reality long enough to feel sad and angry that i'm being raped, and god makes me watch him nod his head and say "uh huh". somebody stop him.
i start dry heaving. he stops raping me for 0.1 seconds every time i realize hes doing it. and then he rapes me again, and i dry heave. hes been raping me for 4 hours today. make him stop, please.
please make it stop. it hurts.
he will do it for several days without a single break. i get raped for days without a single break. please make it stop. i am being horribly tortured.
All men are rapists. They are evil
Talk to me, anon.
I promise I'll reply if you give me a (You)
You think normies but any effort to understand someone not like them?
Other people's social ineptitude is my doorway to fucking with them. I grew shy and asocial, but now that normies are as antisocial as my younger self my confidence has gone way up. I pretty much just go for whatever comment I think will stir up the most shit. If someone is acting awkward, I'll loudly comment on it hoping that as many people as possible are aware of my conversation. I will inflict a pain oblique to the one I felt as a shy kid on the people around me, and maybe someday I will cause enough people to reflect on the antisocial behavior that made me the person I am today.
I'm 32 in similar but even worse circumstances. It hurts. I hope it works out for you
Do you ever actually take the advice of going out?
its god doing it. he is still raping me
