Just got home from my first day working in a kitchen
It gets better right
It does in fact not
Get into fine dining. There is no money or better conditions, but you get to do something that people respect and it might make you respect yourself too. I found that the stress was generally worth it. Plus you get to fuck all the cute waitresses in bowties you want
t. Sommelier
Damn
I already have a gf/fiance
Im 22 and shes 48 and fat
It can. I've worked in a kitchen for over three years at this point. Currently it's kinda a shit show because of new management and poor budgeting, but I'm at the point where I kinda get a kick out of things running poorly
Then read the rest of my post you utter nigger
Shut up and go snort blow with the rest of the kitchen staff.
no it is hard graft in the kitchen but you will develop some fun bonds with chefs
lmao why would you wife a bitch thats 30 years older
12h shifts, no actual breaks, always someone wanting something, no time or space to sit down, always risking getting cut/burnt or dropping plate with food, rude customers, rude staff, constant sensory overload. 
It won't. Learn to code or work in a werehouse or NEETmax
After a week and a half, it will be second nature to you.
it really does, you get more adjusted and things become easier, bonus points if you get into food and cooking so you have something in common n work related to small talk with co workers with. keep the head up king
ye
The shower beer after working in a kitchen for a split shift all day is pretty nice.
The pay was shit when I was a line cook but plenty of free food and don't need to workout when you sweat 12 hours a day on your feet.
Not the best job or the worst, seeing the pile of tickets I crushed at the end of the day did make me feel like I did something at least.
It doesn't. You'll eventually care less. But every day is a fight in the service industry. Some are slightly better, some are slightly worse.
Try to land a government job. That's what I did after a decade of service / retail / warehouse /construction /call center bullshit. Now I still have to work, but it's not constant agony. It's actually pretty chill.
I don't respect fine dining. It's usually those instagram girl models who fuck like 30 guys everyday posting that shit
It gets better as you become more comfortable and proficient and then plateus and then gets slightly worse after the plateu as you get bored of routine, then it stagnates there indefinately.
it never gets better. but you get used to it. subtle difference but honestly just rip that band aid off so you dont expect kitchen owners to suddenly become altruistic and the environment stress free. 
but dont worry, this is good for you. stress and getting yelled at, having to work with hardasses and assholes, it will thicken your skin and build confidence. kitchen is one of the most stressful jobs there are so if you can hack that you can hack just about anything if you really want.
what kind of government job?
My brother did a single day as a dishwasher and quit, but handles the grocery deli just fine. Pretty sure it's hell.
Drink the cooking wine, dudes from Franz Ferdinand did it and now they're rich.
