Thoughts on Hamza and self improve channels in general?
I assume hes the same PUA content of yesteryear repackaged for zoomer ethnics growing up in the west today.
Am I wrong?
self improvement is masturbation, which means you're watching him teach you how to jerk yourself off. I think everyone already knows how to touch their cock but if you need someone to tell you how then hey, you do you.
No, Mystery was in a league of its own compared with modern day bozos
Pure cringe, real self improvement comes from amassing large amounts of money to afford surgery which can actually improve your life.
average WMAF couple on tiktok
looksmatched in 2023 pussyflation out here
Hamza comes off as unhinged and really neurotic at times.
Hamza is null and void because he's over 6 ft, has a full head of hair, and conveniently forgets to mention that hes on steroids. Why is there no self improvement channel by a bald short brown guy with millions of followers, I wonder why, hmmm
hamza is brown, dude
I get what you're saying. He's genetically gifted to some extent, but you don't think someone who's average could do the same things as him? 5'9, either bald with a good headshape or nonbalding, and in good shape? Also I don't think hamza is on roids, man. That's just hard work and dietery dedication.
This is what a real hard work and dietary dedication body looks like; hamza is a fake natty liar like 99% of fitness youtubers -- they make tons of money selling the lie that you can look like them just with hard work, if they didn't take drugs they would look like shit and wouldn't be able to sell the fantasy. It's a no brainer for them, not so good for their deluded followers
a faggot who hustles kid into giving him money so he can give generic "hit the gym bro" advice.
being a neet is more respectable then this
Nobody respects NEETs. Thousands of pajeets worship Hamza.
Thousands of pajeets admiration is equivalent to a homeless men thanking you for a cigarette.
ello utube, natural hypertrophy ere
nobody respects NEETs.
Than it will start with me. I don't believe hustling underaged kids is moral behavior no matter how much the victim thinks thinks he wants it. He exploits kid's insecurities and then just so happens that have the solution for. If I remember correctly, he sells his advice for 500ish dollars which is extremely fucked up
first of all, this guy looks great. You don't think he could be successful as an influencer if he did all the other things hamza did?
Second of all, that guy could look like hamza if he just did a cut. He's not in worse shape than hamza by any means, i don't think. Do you know about cuts?
99% of them are grifting shitbags. but for 6000$ i'll sell you my part 1 of 7 guide on where to maybe possibly if you're lucky find the other 1% that know their ((stuff)) [all you really gotta do thou is hold in you semen til you die and lift a weight or somthing you will definitely get mad bitches bro and by that i mean they will be pissed.]
i like mensmaxxing, good channel
