Just hit me today how much of a fucking loser I am. 
26 
balding and still have acne from terrible hygiene 
neet, still live at home 
never had a job 
never had a gf 
haven't had irl friends since I was a teenager 
play vidya all day like I'm still fucking 16 y/o 
I feel utter and unironic contempt and disgust for my lifestyle for the first time. I used to think I was getting away with something amazing, living out every teenager's dreamlife with no responsibility and just gaming and fucking around online all day. Well, I'm not a teenager anymore, and I haven't been in a long time. All my former friends and acquaintances are established professionals with successful careers in well respected fields like finance, making 200k+/year pulling 7+/10s in NYC and I'm still living at home with no life prospects. I'm not getting away with every person's dreamlife with no costs, I'm just a massive fucking loser.
I put in all the effort and still ended up a loser. So it kind of doesn't really matter. You can do all the right things and still fail.
Exactly, a lot of people try their hardest for years and end up in the same spot as you OP. At least you got to chill.
Yep, and now if he wants to do something different he should, but he shouldn't stress about missed years. Most people are total losers barely scraping by. If his friend group is making 200k+ year and pulling women regularly they are in the top 2% of all men in America, not ordinary men. Pointless to compare yourself to them, they are the lucky few.
It's gonna be even harder to fix most of that when you're 28. Then even harder when you're 30. 32? 35? 40? 
Think about it. If you're gonna get your shit together, do you really wanna make it even harder?
I know you're right, but it's such a massive mountain to climb for a diminished return. By the time I 'make it', I'll be 30, bald, ugly, and will get tablescrap 25 y/os at best. I'm also disabled so it drains all my energy to improve. I wish I could die without hurting my family. 
I still put in a lot of effort, just had periods of high and low effort, but got nowhere. 4 years in college at a top school and got a bachelor's and 4 years of neeting too. I graduated with a shit gpa as a loser shut in with no friends. I would just go to class then my dorm and go on r9k, I'd even eat dinner alone at the dining hall, which was really taboo at my school. The hardest part of college was the social part since I could hear all the normies having the time of their lives while I was desperately lonely and suicidal.
