Femcels do exist, because, while we can get casual sex easily, it feels worthless to us. While genuine, true love is out of reach for ugly women.
If you posted a face pic you'd have dozens of guys begging to gf you. You have to have some horrendous deformities like progeria to be unloveable.
I'd also point out that incels often say "love matters not sex" when confronted with the Escort counterargument.
casual sex was socially taboo all through history, you politically agitated for it not to be so because you wanted casual sex with chads. and now you're disingenuously claiming that you don't.
femcels are liars.
they want casual sex with Chad.
they just don't want it to stop at casual SE and want it to develop into a relationship with Chad and that is what they're angry about.
maybe try with another tag but it is literally not celibacy. simple as.
No one debates the existence of male incels. When bio women claim to be femcels, they get ridiculed by male incels because YOU STILL CAN GET SEX LMAO.
The femcels I know are that way either because of daddy issues like never knowing their father, leading them unable to trust men and fearing that they will abandon them, or they've been brainwashed by modern feminism/social media to believe that they deserve nothing less than a 7ft tall ubergigachad earning 100k who somehow shares all their crazy political opinions. Unlike with incels, looks have little to do with it, it's more that their life experiences have given them a warped attitude towards men that makes forming relationships impossible.
It's not, you just don't want the kinds of men who'd love you(me)
YOU CAN GET (LEGAL) SEX BY TRAVELLING TO NEVADA OR GERMANY!
They're not even insin (involuntarily single). They just don't want to try to get a bf.
That doesn't really make sense. Anyone who's lonely has to have insanely low standards. Even if they can't trust men they can still have tons of men who can be endlessly patient with them, who can afford therapy for them, who can fly across the world and meet them in public until they get more comfortable around each other, etc.
you are retarded and I don't feel sorry for you a single bit
I never expected moids to have empathy, no surprises here.
not the same xD
The acne can be cleaned up with skincare products and diet changes. The mole can be removed by a dermatologist. The hair and eyebrows can be styled at a salon. The eyebags can be removed with proper sleep and eye creams. After looksmaxing she could easily find a 5/10 dude to settle down with, especially with her nerdy interests. Women can't be incels.
Yes, Chad is out of reach for ugly women. Boo hoo.
I'm surprised a femoid even knows what that word means
Because women only consider love genuine if they are feeling it, and they typically only feel it for Chad.
Before looksmaxxing she could easily get a 5/10 guy too. It's just light years easier after looksmaxxing. OP is just a baiting man and knows all of this, though.
You can get sex and physical affection, then come here and complain to us who get neither. You are the one lacking empathy.
you're as much of a whiny prick as these women, fuck you too, you pathetic cuck
added a femcel from here like a week ago and said she was a horrible 2/10. she finally sent a face picture and shes like a 7/10 and i would piss my pants if she ever approached me irl. "femcels" that frequent r9k are genuinely delusional and fucking retarded brainrot soup for brains
