how r u cute robot boys :3
Why are there so many 14 year olds here?
Post tiddies bitch
If we were cute we wouldn't be robots, I'm s robot because I don't look good. I don't know why this needs to be said.
I am saving myself for my wife
if she doesnt love you for you then you dont need her king
i am extremely cute and i would prove it if it wasnt against r9k rules. but maybe i'm cursed or maybe this generation doesnt recognise raw beauty like mine
Post a timestamp or get the frick out of here
whats that on your chest
There are two possible scenarios;
You're not actually cute and just a liar
Or
Either way you should stop what you're doing.
Nigga you look like a 40 year old Karen housewife with a face full of filler
i'm not a failed nothing i am cute and handsome but mentally ill and short. my identity is liquid so i'm not things, i'm not a robot cuz nobody is.
Never reply to me again, you are utterly insufferable.
fuck! another person telling me that
why even live if everybody hate me
Post more pics please
Its because "my identity is liquid"
People hate those who have no strong foundation, for good reason.
For better or worse pick something and stick to it - its how we navigate the chaos that is life, with order.
Don't invite more chaos with bullshit like being in the middle of a teeter-totter.
i have legit chronic trouble with identity. even if i dont say shit people usually notice. what you said is pretty accurate, i think people is disgusted by the plasticity of my identity in some ways. it also makes them feel unsteady somehow. on the other hand it's pretty good for doing metanoia when i need to. it's been useful with art and creativity too. and when i'm not in a dark place and my identity shifts are positive i tend to be perceived as somebody with a lot of different interests and different discourses, and basically i couldnt be boring because im just not the same person.
based
wont that get me banned if i post more?
Feeling blessed by your illustrious presence within these murky chambers, my good lady. Pray, permit me to suck on your fair toes.
I dunno, it seems the jannies have been rather lenient on rules lately. Discord tags are far more abundant, and apparently what I do is against the rules, too. 
Take that as you will.
im too scared to post another selfie but ill take the risk of dropping my tag bc i LOVE robots and wanna talk to one
Stupid#5570
FYI: this person has been basically harassing this board for the past days in other ppl's threads and their own threads like this one baiting robots just to join their crappy normie stupid discord server and thats all. also, the discord server is very suspicious. take this info as you want, robot brothers. don't let beckys step on you with their mentally ill little plans
do u have me mixed up with somebody else :sob:
no, bitch. i remember you stupid discord tag and you are a tranny normie failed slut whose server sucks. i don't know what your motives are but you actually look pretty sketchy. begone. i'm not the only anon to recognise you. yesterday you were called out too. gtfo of our board
No response, your honor ;(
No one wants to talk to you annoying tranny fag
Tranny. Avoid unless you like talking to mentally ill coomers who want to chop their dick off.
i'm not a westerner
so i can't gauge their age
are you sure the op is only 14 years old?
i am 21 yearso ld
idk what people above are talking about
i was born with a vagina and will die with a vagina
i don't know
i really can't guess the age of westerners
i've done my military service 
but i'm always told by the clerk to show me your id card when i buy something from cvs
i think some teenage westerners look older than me, who is in my early 20s
well, honestly you are le sam how the french say is yesterday and you knows this to be true that your server isnt at all. so idk you tell me basically you are a mental illness
