Looks matter. Fact.
of course they do, I did that shit to a 2/10 foid.
tough shit uggo, me no wanna fuggo. :(
yep, i had the same experience but IRL at university years ago with height. we'd be flirting and getting along great but the id try to take it farther and it would be "i cant see myself in heels beside you" or some such variation
of course looks matter silly boi.. do you have style? most of u arent exactly ugly, most of you are normal but have terrible styles, terrible facial expressions and take the most horrendous creepy pics (blurry, strange angles).
yeah, though honestly for the most part being thin is the most important thing.
even if you're ugly if you're thin you have an upper hand.
do you wash your face, anon?
i'm same anon
this anon is right tho. being fat, deformed or short is a bitch.
t. manlet
My looks have not deteriorated at all but I can't get girls to talk to me online anymore once they hear my age starts with a 3.
even girls in their mid 20s+?
I'm sure they would be ok with it but I haven't encountered many. I suspect the reason is the clock is ticking for them and they're looking for $$ and commitment.
are you not looking for long term? just casual dating?
maybe just be upfront with your age immediately.
I am upfront. I don't make it to the looking for anything stage. I don't make it past the "hi how are you" stage with girls online once age comes up.
Like I said, I don't look old and will do just fine IRL. I'm a busy guy with things to do though and don't have time to actively search IRL. It would be nice to throw out a line online and see what happens during my downtime but as I mentioned, it hasn't been working.
Bitches don't care how you look. Just that you treat them right.
find girl, offer nitro or electronic money, buy nudes, pray for real girl. 
BEWARE! MOST ARE SCAMMERS
Looks do matter OP thank you for speaking the gospel
You're ugly. By definition you're not attractive, but repellent. Deal with it and move on.
I think I have the opposite of this
