Be me
17
2019
Have been travelling with my family since the beginning of the year, and finishing up my GED via Homeschooling
Land in St. Claire, Michigan for the summer
My brother and I take the bus to school each morning at 6AM
We both have to share one phone, so we take turns each day using it
Get my first job working at Burger King
Get to go to public high school for the first time in 3 years
Get enrolled in chorus class
a couple months into semester, the school announces Homecoming Dance coming up
I'm a senior at this point, in a mixed class
Attracted to freshman girl, we'll call her Judy
Ask Judy if she'd like to go with me to Homecoming
No, sorry Anon, but thanks anyway
Turn around and ask Judy's friend, Sheila, who is also a freshman
Sheila says yes
Score
We begin hanging out together
I walk her to her classes, we hold hands
Sometimes we eat together at lunch when our schedules line up
We actually like each other?
Could this be a win for ol' Anon?
Save up for both our tickets by working Burger King
working_at_krusty_krab.mp4
Save up for a hand-me-down tuxedo outfit at Goodwill
Save up for corsage
Be week before Homecoming
Sheila invites me to come over to her house
It's my turn using the phone today so I call my mom and tell her I'm going over to Sheila's house
Get in cramped car
Meet her little sister and her mom
There's something off about her mom
She runs some errands before we make it to their house
We stop at an eyeglasses shop
I run to dollar general next door, buy Sheila a chocolate bar
We hold hands in the store lobby
I kiss her hand
lifeisgood.jpg
Finally make it to their house
We spend most of the time there ogling each other and holding hands in the living room
In the living room, there is a lingerie bra hanging from a hook
It belongs to Shiela's mom
Sheila's mom also smokes
I am uncomfortable but do not want to say anything
Go outside with Sheila
Meet their neighbors
Sheila goes on bragging to them, "This is Anon, my Senior boyfriend!"
Still uncomfortable about the hanging lingerie
Sheila asks me if I'd like to meet her father and grandmother
I say I'd not feel comfortable with this
She says ok
I think that's the end of it
Come Homecoming Night
Mom makes my brother and I leave the phone at home.
"I want you boys to socialize tonight, Anon. You don't need the phone"
At least I'll have my dazzling date to spend time with
Can't say the same for my little brother, who has no date and is third-wheeling us.
We go to meet Sheila's family at the park for Homecoming Pictures
Lookin' snazzy
My dad meets Shelia's mom and asks her to take us somewhere to eat before we go to the dance
She says she will
We all pile in the cramped car again
Sheila's mom drives in circles around the block, waiting for my parents to get out of sight
She then proceeds to drive us directly to the vacant school parking lot, where we wait for at least an hour
Why?
Surprise surprise, guess who's grandmother and father are coming to visit
dammit.jpg
We stay in this stuffy car waiting for people to arrive
No phone
No music
My brother can't take it and gets out of the car to go wait on the school patio
I go to try and comfort him, he just wants to be left alone
Go back to car to wait
Hour later, people finally arriving
Shelia's dad and grandmother come to take pictures of us
I kid you not, her grandmother was missing teeth, wore a bandanna, was virtually bald, and swore like a sailor.
I am extremely uncomfortable but don't say anything
SmileAndWaveBoys.Wav
Finally, the adults leave and Homecoming is starting
It's worth pausing to note here that I always imagined Homecoming or school dances as these majestic, beautiful social events, with pizzas and punch at the snack table and romantic, classy music playing as couples slow dance. It's the type of stuff I saw in movies and tv.
This is not what we arrived at. They locked the doors behind all the students and we were greeted by...
No punch bowl
No snacks except for some bowls of krabby patty gummies and swedish fish (The homecoming is "Under the Sea" themed
Loud DJ blasting twerk music that may as well have been loud enough to cause testicular torsion as balloons pop everywhere
My little brother goes off and hides behind the janitor's supplies
I go to comfort him, he just wants to be left alone again.
Try getting into the student mosh pit
It's too loud for me, so I go to sit in the "quiet room" behind the stage.
Damn Hollywood for giving me unrealistic expectations when it comes to school dances
"AAAAWRIGHT Boys and Girls, it's time for the couple's dance!
Finally
Days of preparation, and it all leads to this
I ask Sheila if she'd like to dance
"Not right now, Anon"
wut.png
She holds my hand as we sit at the Quiet Tables, and she's gossipping with her friends about "oh, yeah, so-and-so cheated on Tammy, I'm gonna go kick him in the nuts!"
She goes off with her friend group to the girls' bathroom, leaving me alone
By this point my little brother has moved over to sitting on top of the air conditioner
I go to comfort him, and big surprise, he wants to be left alone again
Sheila eventually comes back
Dance finally ends
Doors unlock
I walk out with Sheila and my brother
There's dad, waiting in the van
Say goodnight to Sheila, I don't remember if I hugged her or not
Get in van
Dad says, "How'd it go, lads?"
Not great, dad.
We tell him we're kinda hungry
Dad says, "didn't Sheila's mom at least take you out to dinner like we asked her to?
Nope.
"Aw man I'm sorry guys. Let's go get something to eat
Dad takes us to Pizza Hut
recount the entire evening to our father over personal pizzas
Thanks Dad, you're the best
An ok ending to a terrible evening of dashed hopes and dreams
I haven't texted Sheila since early 2020. I checked her facebook once and she was dating some other guy. I don't know what I expected.
I wonder how she's doing.
I dont know what school dances were like in the past but all the ones ive been to have sucked. I stopped attending after my freshman year since I never enjoyed them. Im pretty sure the last one i went to didnt even have a slow dance, which defeats the entire purpose.
What happened between you and shiela after? did you just ghost?
I walked her to class when I could, but then we left Michigan in October of 2019. 
I texted with her a few more times and then slowly kinda stopped.
I hope she's doing well.
Be me
18
Have 6th form leavers party
Simply don't go
Go to Tankfest instead
Love every moment
Tank autists stay winning
How was tankfest, anon?
It was great. On the Sunday it was far too busy for my liking but Friday was perfect. Not many people, just the right temperature, and I could actually stand and enjoy the tanks in the museum without a huge crowd.
good for you, Anon. I'd like to work in a museum of some sort myself someday. That or an aquarium.
What a complete non incident. I was expecting some truly calamitous events
I feel that, all my school dances resulted in nothing. Hollywood gives really unrealistic expectations. For 50+% of guys who go you never do anything meaningful with the girl.
Hollywood creates incels
