I totally did not yoink those prompts edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
previous n word
"What, I am deeply offended you thought that I was completely incapable of wearing any kinds of clothes"
Anyway, Saeriah, how did you get so buff and muscular?
Ah!
I had to squeeze in one more before work, but I'm leaving now for real.
With a loving Goa I must do the sleep now night is a good you too thread
Milf tomboy strikes again, hello aiwg
Maybe I will make milf rochelle part of her very barebones lore somehow.
Oh to be into muscular tomboys and also curvy milfs.
"Dam" and "lake" give me a better looking Hoover Dam and Lake Meade, who would to have thought.
The great thing about tomboys and MILFs is that you can turn the former into the latter.
"Concrete walkway" works ok too, but often times it has a road leading into the lake. Decent pew-pew too
Gud mornin /aiwg/
goa night :))
great to see you back Rochelle :))
Like 1 out of every 5 I've been making has these obscenely huge breasts lol.
Good morning!
aughghh
Columbina is apparently angry that she's being raised in the wasteland.
What is an apple bottom jean
PERO AUNQUE SIGUE TAN DIVINA SERA SIEMPRE UNA BELLEZA DE CANTINA
Helo Shion anon :>
An ahoge so strong, it can't be contained. last Hoover Dam one.
helloooooo c::
a
faf
small bwebs
would you fuck hanabis inconsistent boobs
I'm a ""married"" man but they are very nice.
Cute Hanabi with cute Hanabibiboobies
Nicole always looks so serene.
I would have a cup of coffee with her on a sunday evening
They're more consistent than Saeriah's boobs, which vary from "big, yet realistic" to "massive mannatee-mode milkies"
shes happy
}
fd
i liked this one
erg
anyways im leaving you with this one bros
im going to bed
i love you all &lt;3
see you tomorrow hopefgully
This is cute tuummmmMmmYyyY and nice hidef legwear fabric
We dont interact really but goonite anon
Any mention of "breast" has a chance of making massive honkers, I've heard it said that you could do something like put "breast" in negative, then add related positive prompts like "busty" or something. I haven't tried it too much, though.
perks of being a cosmic entity
gnight Shion anon love you too :))
Maybe you can try prompting with specific sizes? I get pretty consistent ones on Nicole with ((medium breasts))
took too much
I've actually got boobs, cleavage, and breasts as negatives.
No booba related prompts in positives, but I do have (upper body), mostly because faces tend to be less consistent in full body gens.
I was kind of exaggerating when I said her boobs were inconsistent, they mostly stay the same size, which is bigger than Nicole's, but usually smaller than >>73010801
I think the upper body prompt is what's making her look quite buff and muscular in most gens, as I have no other prompts which should cause that. I like it though, so I'll keep it as is.
Pic related is on the smaller side for her, but not OOC small I think.
I won't, I won't.
Pew pew pew u dead
Oh, yes yes, that's super cool.
I love this.
Nice gun!
I don't know what she's got in her right hand but that gun looks pretty cool
i got a really good one and pressed "open image in new tab" and it fuckin opened up a bunch of symbols and shit and the image is deleted from my history :(
Maybe it's a backup hat? Excellent gun, much better than a couple of days ago!
I'm going to see if I can make the Lucky 38. It looks a lot like the Space Needle, which is also lucky.
You can never have too many hats! And the gun is 100% luck, I think.
I'm tired out of my mind so I'm just posting to check in. Not doing anything high effort. I watched this new show called fishtank today. The Ghost of Kiev put a bunch of autists in a house and they can't leave for 6 weeks while he tortures them. There's a funny girl in it named Josie so here is my attempt at Josie Kypsie. I guess I must have a natural affinity for girls who's names end in "-ie". I'll try that text box stuff tomorrow. Looks cool.
GM
GN
Hello
Goodbye
this thread is lacking kino
that being tomboy
the gems only just started appearing so give me a bit between posts
I think she's happy to have her favorite outfit back (it had to be cleaned after the sweaty swamp and sauna arc), but I'm not sure what she's trying to say.
Can anyone translate?
I think she's saying, "On your knees!" Nice chair.
badass
You're not fooling me, Saeriah. I know you boobs aren't *that* huge! What have you been stuffing in there?
"Goblin heads."
I'm going to bed. Say goodnight to our friends in the thread, Saeriah.
Close enough.
Goodnight, see you soon.
Pew pew pew boom pew pew
Nice, where'd you get it?
A fashionable Goa morning
Hey there, Goa.
Goas fashionable walk is interrupted by the very attention catching booba flash and she ends up falling flat on her face after tripping in her own feet
goa morning to you goa
Oops, I tripped too.
When I was a micro guy I liked to play with toys. I had different sets(Lego figures, big action[cheap]figures, soldier figures) and all of them was like a different universe. Everytime I was about to play I remembered what happened last time so my timeline is consistent and correct. Occasionally universes had collaborations that affected timelines and my little brain couldn't handle that much information, so I started from scratch after those. Good times
Is that a "Nev" as in "Nevada" I'm seeing? Adding the Lucky 38 was incredibly easy; I think I'll try the Ulta-Lux too.
Your guns are just incredible.
More, or...?
Nicole with flower horns(?)
Yowzer meowzer
The cutting edge of technology is insane
What a warm smile and pair of breasts
Very perky
I used to watch a movie, get inspired by a movie, and build stuff out of legos fitting of the setting of the movie and pretend I am a part of the movie world and go full imagination
Especially fun was mad max
Imagine lying on your back and she crawls over you like that and moves her beasts onto your face like a horny animal breastfeeding her litter
looks kinda fungal, or possibly jellyfish/transparent deep sea creaturish
Oh hey it's the strip
Rocket launcher goes boooooooom
Why imagine?
Why AOM generating guns without clothes
Asci showing off her arsenal of illegal firearms
The AI seems to know what the Ultra-Lux (based on the irl Bellagio) but I'm not sure if I can have all the casinos in one picture.
What's your favorite casino?
Here's some fun bonus art
Nice boomstick.
We wanna see it go off!
Hana misses the days when I made her in cute dresses.
I wish I knew how lol
Aw, pretty please?
Also, I need to show you this.
There's no sword on this picture
Believe in yourself
I've been doing this for like five days or something
You can do anything
Heh, I did it! Her grip is a little strange though. Nice girls btw.
The hell is this oversized silly gun
gawd I'm so fuckin tired
hana go boom
comically large gun
This only seems to work on Anything for some reason.
Me too, I think I need to go pass out soon
Wow, that's the second largest gun I've ever seen!
Awesome! I knew you could do it! Maybe try using the same prompts with the same seed and nudging the cfg up or down a little? That fixes hands and objects for me often.
Holy shit, she's actually holding it!
Thanks! I think my problem is I try to stuff everything full of tons of prompts.
lmao
More spurs that go jingle jangle jingle
Those are some nice guns.
How am I doing? I'd like to think my mother would be proud.
If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
Well, we're posting on 4chan so idk what our mothers would you think of that. But it is looking good!
Time to sleep for a few hours
Take care!
"Nlaw Vkawssu" indeed.
Sleep well!
Hooded Asci Asci with hood on
I am trying to gen guns but al i got was boobs
Not complaining though Goa let me play with your cute little titties
Heeeeeeeeey Goa
Ohhhhh goa goa goa
The things I could show you
Goa demonstrates her flexibility
Curious Goa noises
She can be very flexible if needed
Ehhhh, it's too hardcore, and Nicole is watching...
Nicole is omnipresent and ever-watching beyond the confines of our universe
She reminds me of a girl I had as a classmate when I was younger
Same build, same general body type, same fad. Too bad I was not awakened to dommymommy goth girls back then to fantasize about her dominating the cum out of me and various cock and ball torture things, damn I wish she'd have fucked my ass raw with a strapon and pissed in my face
It's just... she looks so serene, and I have fed the AI every awful prompt I could imagine and just let it rip
I'm glad I can do whatever it is I did for you?
Fine, I'll just start dumping nasty stuff, just remember it's not canonical and is most likely a dream sequence or a fan fiction
I don't even play vidya anymore, I just play with Waifu Diffusion all day
and all night, I can't remember the last time I slept but it's okay
one glove black, one glove white
It's hard to always get it just right, but at least I can make my own fap material now
This one is okay, I like the broken kiss
But this one is my absolute favorite, what do you think is being said?
something about white haired girl complaining on not wanting to get pregnant, and black haired one coercing her to let the fertilization happen and not fight it
im starting to have a canon in my head with my recent gens that Nicole is a cosmic being beyond human comprehension. This is simply her presenting herself in a form that humans can actually understand.
How long until this is combined with a text generating ai that's combined with a custom female voice ai and we can actually replace 3d with 2d? This December?
I dunno, this AI has a filthy mind
Is there a way to make it follow an image from the set that's the best? Need a body this fine in more kino
I wonder if she peeks on us while we masturbate
Now I want to make direct eye contact wit an empty spot in my room while pleasuring myself
Try sliding around CFG in the same seed, if you're lucky you'll change the style at certain points, and maybe get some other positions similar but different
Same prompts, same seed, higher CFG
MORE AI ANAL
bigger breasts, less fat thighs plox
Sorry for all the porn, but it just looks so cool
I love this one so much, this one is my baby.
Listen, I'm working on like 12 hours of prompts and I'm afraid to touch too much at this point, it's doing what it wants to do. I'll be a pro one day, and then I'll give you whatever you want.
Oops, forgot whatever the fuck you call this
The human race is probably an insignificant speck of dust among the endless cosmic void of time so I'm sure she wouldn't mind
ai kinda not really knowing what to do with the prompts
oh, this is kinda cool, kinda neato, kinda wanna watch porn and jack off but can't right now
really nice clothes though
original sperm
daytime happened as well
Gotta goa, ooops! See you around
lovely fidget nipples
See you around, original seeing
very nice outfit in this last one
see you around :)) 
uh Goa I think you grew bigger in general
Today Asci opened a fridge
with the coolest image I got today I bid /aiwg/ a goodnight
Nighty night, very cool image
ice fairy asci
It has been such a busy day, yet I have nothing to show for it
Looking forward to next week, I'll have the house for myself for a whole week and I will have a hedonistic week of doing all the things I can't normally do.
I'll be drinking alcohol, smoking ciggies, masturbating anally, masturbating normally, eating all kinds of unhealthy foods and just lying all day on the sofa with a blank head, not a single sound in the whole house. A week of pure unwinding and zeroing out my whole brain and being, the first I'll be able to have in like 3 years or so when i can genuinely just do whatever I want
Goas horny blood nipples
Though I am also very much out of money so I might need to double down on all of that and only have 1 night of drinking, or drink something like 1-2 beers per evening rather than being hammered every day, and not buy ciggies at all, not like I can smoke more of them than 1 or 2 perhaps. Don't really smoke regularly, but it could be cool to have one for "old times sake"
Not sure what to do really, since on the other hand even going full hedonism sounds like a lot of work and money, but at the same time not sure when I'll have a chance like this again, since the last one took years but that as due to corona and stuff.
Oh well, even just having the house to myself for a whole week sounds like relaxation enough
"That does not sound healthy"
I don't have a waifu irl so I have to jump through copious amounts of coping hoops just to relax and unwind to any degree
"Women really replace a lot of unhealthy habits in a mans life huh?"
Yeah, and irl ones increase them
I am so proud of you waifu
This endless supply of bound perky redheads will be the end of me
My virtual Haram is almost complete
Tfw someone finally visits the outhouse after being tied up outside all day
Good evening /aiwg/
This slave girl loves getting held down and used in the backyard
Good evening, my dear. Welcome back.
