White 'men' are truly the most pathetic race
Does nobody else find it hilarious how much bravado and chest poking they do harping about masculinity and stealing other ppls women. Then in the next thread they are talking about sucking BBC, taking sissy pills, crying about going bald, and never find tru love. While you see hundreds of sexy white faggots trooned out? JFL
Literal weakest race even below Indians.
Still asspained from getting laughed at in the wmaf threads? You should transition if you're going to dick ride this hard I promise you it will make you much happier
I honestly normally would feel bad for them.
First they get their women stolen by black men, then beaners and immigrants from the Middle East, and now even Asian guys are having their turn with their prime teen girls.
Thing is, bros of other races would probably have sympathy and even offer to be their wingmen, but instead white boys choose to act like bitchy insufferable women who constantly talk shit about other dudes and believe they are better than everyone, so they bring their misery on themselves.
Is this a cope? what wmaf thread? the korean thread some fembot posted her vocaroo and triggered all of u like an hour ago jfl.
i guess thats why manosphere groups, mass shooting, the rise of andrew tate is all occurring so rapidly.. White guys literally cant get laid now a days cause everyone is stealing their women. Its quite hilarious.
And honestly i would never help a whitebot out. Only laugh at their suffering they honestly deserve it.
Never forget anon. Power is always taken and never given.
They got destroyed and went and made another thread to try again lol.
mayocels take in alot of copium ill tell u that much
I cant deal with white boys because they are so passive aggressive and bitchy like women. They make mountains out of molehills, constantly complaining about everything. 
They go around sulking and being angry all the time, lashing out at everyone for perceived slights, like some silly teenage girl with BPD. Some older white guys are bro tier, but millennial and younger are a lost cause. 
Never met such a spoiled fragile bratty group of weaklings.
 guess thats why manosphere groups,
You mean these ones? r/aznidentity r/asianmasculiinty?
mass shooting,
Most mass shooting is done by non-white people.
 the rise of andrew tate
Andrew is adored by many brown and black kids.
White guys literally cant get laid now a days cause everyone is stealing their women. Its quite hilarious.
People were talking about this in the other wmaf with you, disproved what you said, and you ran away to a new thread lol lol.
Asian boys are the ones accusing White men of of emasculating them for having sex with Asian women in western countries. Why did you bring them with you if you did not want that to happen lol? Why so mad and bitchy about White men lol?
acting like whiteboys dont make 100K posts a day on this site about white women fucking non-white men 
whiteboys literally made a whole ass database where you could add the doxx and pics of women who fuck black guys
Sure dude, non-whites are the insecure ones.
The only people who want niggers are the police. Now stop deluding yourself into thinking that a single person on this earth cares about muh bbc, it's sad and pathetic.
You think that most of those aren't non-white men trolling white people? Did you not see pol meetups? More than half of those meetups are non-white.
You know what happens when Asian guys find out that in the past an Asian girl had sex with a White guy? You know how much Asian girls get harassed.
Sure dude, non-whites are the insecure ones.
Insecure over White people's success. The funny thing is that White people have been very magnanimous in success compared to the reaction that Asians would have had ultimate success.
the more you samefag and try to bait the funnier it gets
/pol/ is nothing more than a bunch of contrarian self-hating shitskin retards
