I'm too retarded and incompetent to go vegan.
True. A vegan diet would make your IQ too low to function
nah, you just dont want to and are making pathetic excuses. you dont care about morals or animal suffering
just own that you're a animal abuser and enjoy killing animals and go about your life like everyone else who eats meat
i was vegan 100% (no honey) for 10 years. This last year I have slipped all the way off, sucks.
fact: pigs are jerks and I don't mind that goyim eat them
i really hate myself. I'm under tons of stress. Fact: most cigarette brands are NOT vegan, ITG Brands is the only brand that doesn't animal test
why?
what happened?
everyday that goes by without an apocalypse to wipe the human cancer that is infecting the world, the more i doubt the epistomology of god's benevolence
The blood of life is spilled for God's glory.
Better than a plant abuser who is a hypocrite
If you don't care much about variety, just get a handful of healthy, easy recipes. Stuff that you can make in one pot with minimal skill like soups, stews, curries etc. and for breakfast have oatmeal loaded with berries, fruit and nuts and flaxseeds. And if you get lazy and skip a meal or just have a ramen or something, keep some multivitamins handy to fill in the gaps.
Also don't forget about iodine, especially if you live in a country without idoized salt. If you're not eating seaweed or seaweed products regularly, buy iodized salt or take a supplement.
it's a long story. Basically I'll sum it up as this. 
"You don't want to ask me what condition, Mr. Roark? Very well, I'll tell you. I shall accept this house on condition that you accept the deal i offer you. I wish to sign a contract whereby you will be the sole architect for any building i undertake to erect int he future. As you realize, this would be quite an assignment. I venture to say I control more structural work than any other single person in the country. Every man in your profession has wanted to be known as my exclusive architect, I am offering it to you. In exchange, you will have to submit yourself to certain conditions. Before I name them, I'd like to point out some of the consequences, should you refuse. As you may have heard, I do not like to be refused. The power I hold can work in two ways. It would be easy for me to arrange that no commission be available to you anywhere in this country. You have a small following of your own, but no prospective employer can withstand the kind of pressure I am in a position to exert. You have gone through wasted periods of your life before. They were nothing, compared to the blockade I can impose. You might have to go back to a granite quarry-oh yes, I know about that, summor of 1919, the Able quarry in Connecticut-How?-private detectives, Mr. Roark-you might have to go back to a granite quarry, only I shall see to it that the quarries also will be closed to you. Now I'll tell you what I want of you."
Are there any good recipe sites your recommend
they did this to me, i said no.
Is salmon easier to cook than chicken?
I don't really use any specific websites but here's a few recipes I make all the time, and you can always add some more greens to them to make them healthier, I add broccoli to the curry, for instance:
https://ohsheglows.com/2014/02/05/my-favourite-vegan-chili-with-homemade-sour-cream/
https://cookieandkate.com/classic-minestrone-soup-recipe/
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/sweet-potato-lentil-soup
https://veganhuggs.com/mediterranean-pasta-salad-vegan-gf/
If you're looking solely for nutritionally well-rounded recipes you could check nutritionfacts, at least it should give you an idea of what a healthy meal looks like:
https://nutritionfacts.org/recipes/
Also you could look into the Instant Pot, I don't ave one myself but people swear by it for fast, easy cooking.
I don't eat meat but If I was to hazard a guess I'd say salmon because you hear more about chicken and salmonella, whereas people eat fish raw. Fish is better for you anyway, if you really must eat meat.
