Do you browse the board naked when it's a very hot day?
Topless with underwear I don't want pussy grool and sweat on my armchair (I shitpost from the armchair in my living room to my computer hooked up to my 55 inch tv)
Its winter 8 months out of the year where I live. I usually scroll naked while im waiting to fall asleep. Sleeping naked is superior
how often do you touch your pussy while you browse the board?
Not often because I dont care about trannies. Sometimes I post nudes in a /b/ thread and guys will post videos of them cumming on my pics. Ill touch myself to those
As a fembot I find it's the opposite. I am usually posting fully clothed while moids I talk to on Discord tell me they are posting nude. /r9k/ is a clothed female/nude male (CFNM) board whether you like it or not.
Roasties explain, What is a fuck boy?
8 months? How far north are you? I think we have around the same amount here, give or take a month depending on the year
I like those crappy boobs. Any fat femanons with crappy boobs like that? I dunno why, but the idea of you riding me while I hold your saggy little boobies is such a turn-on, but it is what it is, 'ya know, so you might as well take advantage of my mental illness I guess.
Im pretty far north. Usually have snow from October-May, looks like its going to be a late winter again this year too.
it usually doesn't get that hot here. regardless of the season I like to browse in my sleeping clothes (a top and shorts), but if I'm on during the day, then I'll be wearing normal clothes.
That's great, personally I love the snow but I think today will be our last snow fall for the year :(
who does that!!??
OP do you?
Fembots don't exist as women can't be robots. Everyone that claims to be a woman is a man until they prove otherwise by posting tits + timestamp. You're clearly new and a normie so you, like all the others, need to GTFO.
I do too because I have an excuse to be shut in at my house. I love the gloominess and the coziness snow brings. Do you do any winter sports?
I only go hiking now, I went on a trip to the Yukon and got inspired. But I also want to take up cross country. Of course we do a little ice skating in this part of the world haha, and you? Drinking and campfires count as a sport
Post tits, dykes.
I do some hiking here and there, but my area is always flooded with tourists so its hard to find complete isolation out in the woods without going too far. Lol I tried to ice skate and dont have any balance or coordination. My ankles are weak. I do enjoy a nice fire with drinks, although I have no one to share it with. 
Im at work and I save my pics for /b/
Why not also post them on /r9k/?
The place I went, the largest city was 25k people- there are more Caribou than people up there. You must not be canadian if you can't ice skate :D
