Dear /r9k/ 
As we have shown our superiority to 4cuck i hereby invite you to the 'SHARTY
inviting r9k shitters
i think i'd stay
don't invite r9k 4troons they are fucking diseased useless mentally ill attention whores
how is the sharty better exactly?
more cp
more russian malware
more shitskins
also this>>73000216
do NOT come to the sharty
trust me it's soo much worse
DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ENJOY BROWSING R9K ITS SO BAD!! stay away
yeah I agree there's no reason to visit the sharty when its just a discord playground where you have to dicksuck the janny or get banned. jakparty dot onions is where its at.
STOP. The sharty is good as it is. We don't need more faggots messing it up.
oh sure looks fun let me join the russian malware website.
so true, all r9k people go to that website don't come to basedjak party
Imagine coming to a 19 year old website with your newfaggotry, and thinking you successfully owned the oldfags by screaming half baked wannabe lingo at them while spamming literal chicken scratch images that wouldn't be out of place on deviantart.
Your website is owned by a known dataminer and CP spammer, and you think you're better than us somehow because muh post numbers are greater (as if that means anything at all).
Go ahead and keep shitting up other sites. We don't deny we do the same thing, but at the very least we know how to troll and mess with people unlike you retards who literally parrot text back using quote text with an autistic sperg drawing attatched to it.
Please you and everyone else in your Kolyma Network discord ring: Put a loaded shotgun under your mouth and pull the trigger. Nobody will miss you when you're gone :^)
the sharty is good as it is
the jannies have a tantrum every week and wipe the board for no reason
reddit tier mods/gods circlejerk
if you spam soys you're banned but spaming bbc is ok
the jarty is better by every metric
samefaggerald
one of those is not me though
none of this is true but it's best for r9k retards to stay in here so i will agree with you
you can just go on the site yourself and see people dicksucking the mods for... doing basically nothing except making a few sticky posts about how discord le bad (while doing nothing to stop discord)
meanwhile people are getting permabans for making harmless jokes about the jannies.
permabans
I think for posting cp you cord nigger
not what I was permabanned for
This, so much this! So much This, so much this!
ban evading jartytroon gets banned when he exposes his true nature
stay mad lol
Wordswordswords 4cuck lost thoughie
Imagine coming to a 19 year old website with your newfaggotry, and thinking you successfully owned the oldfags by screaming half baked wannabe lingo at them while spamming literal chicken scratch images that wouldn't be out of place on deviantart.

Your website is owned by a known dataminer and CP spammer, and you think you're better than us somehow because muh post numbers are greater (as if that means anything at all).

Go ahead and keep shitting up other sites. We don't deny we do the same thing, but at the very least we know how to troll and mess with people unlike you retards who literally parrot text back using quote text with an autistic sperg drawing attatched to it.

Please you and everyone else in your Kolyma Network discord ring: Put a loaded shotgun under your mouth and pull the trigger. Nobody will miss you when you're gone :^)
HDAJA
lmagine coming to a 19 year old website with your newfaggotry, and thinking you successfully owned the oldfags by screaming half baked wannabe lingo at them while spamming literal chicken scratch images that wouldn't be out of place on deviantart.
Your website is owned by a known dataminer and CP spammer, and you think you're better than us somehow because muh post numbers are greater (as if that means anything at all).
Go ahead and keep shitting up other sites. We don't deny we do the same thing, but at the very least we know how to troll and mess with people unlike you retards who literally parrot text back using quote text with an autistic sperg drawing attatched to it.
Please you and everyone else in your Kolyma Network discord ring: Put a loaded shotgun under your mouth and pull the trigger. Nobody wiII miss you when you're gone :^)
HDAJA
you know the jarty only exists because the jannies on the sharty ban people for retarded reasons right?
jartycuck is unironically right
jarty exists because you hate kuz and can't refrain yourself from posting p
simple as
I've never posted cp
why is it so hard to believe that your jannies have wrongly banned someone even ONCE even after I posted my actual ban
Don't put words in my mouth strawmanner
every sane person hates kuz
you're the one strawmanning me as a cp poster with no evidence just because I have misgivings with your sites moderation
janny dicksucker kys
Tsmt stop advertising to these incels
basedteens make the sharty as a place to post when they are banned for spamming /qa/ by retarded jannies
kuz buys it
suddenly ban evading, spamming jaks and having fun makes you a cp spammer
Yup, classic example of the Nirvana fallacy.
you forgot
kuz babbles something about 4chan banning memes
bans frogs, ongezellig etc
make a ban appeal oh wait you're banned for ban evasion in the first place kys
I did make an appeal and it was denied
did you even read my image?
die zelligshitters
you're entire janny crew is in the discord retard
also
sharty is based just look at these twitter immigrants we've got!
did you even read my image
>73000457 (You)
did you even read my image
i will continue ban evading and there's nothing you can do
4chan has reddit immigrants
wtf is UTTP
they are thy law
raiding group that was on youtube and 4chan since 2007
based sharty twitter immigrant
good luck nigger im waiting
Newfaggot. Bleed to death. Please fucking die.
can I post feelsguy? I would very much like to share that feel when no gf
Sure, be my guest
Mined
dont blogpost too much thoughever
