Anal sex is trash, nothing beats thousands of years of evolution. Pussy is better
Agreed, but anal is still nice. It's less about the physical sensation on your cock and more about the fact that she likes you enough to give up her ass like a submissive bitch.
K
No one cares tho
i don't want to think of pussy as a product of evolution designed to trap my dick. that makes me uncomfortable.
Anal sex is trash, nothing beats thousands of years of evolution. Pussy is better
I feel like, if all men just had basic taste, there'd be no gender wars, and men and women would live together like they were always meant to be.
no cap bro
frfrfr
shit bussin
I don't give a fuck about what anyone says. if you're doing anal in ass you're getting shit all over your dick deliberately and not caring about it like a retarded ape.
just clean
LOLNO your poop chute will never be 100% clean and free of bacteria going raw would just shove a bunch of shit particles in your urethra.
if you're a straight male you have no excuse for this shit. have sex like a normal fuckign person
I don't want kids, at least not with the woman I'm with right now. She's just a practice gf so it makes sense I only do practice sex on her anyway. Condoms and birth control drugs are weird so I prefer doing things naturally.
Pussy is better
You'd know you fucking pussy
hand > pussy
there's real no competition
I fucking miss when anal was considered weird, before porn changed everyone's expectations. I'm a guy, and I don't want to stick my dick there or eat it out. Too much work with lube and shit as well. The hole on the other side is naturally lubricated. I like a nice ass, but that doesn't mean I want to fuck it or even see anything go into it. Some girls actually want to get fucked in the ass though, get their ass eaten. Shit comes from there. I'll stick in a thumb, but goddamnit, I think I'm getting a UTI anytime my dick goes in.
getting shit all over your dick
it's usually little to none desu and getting to fuck her butt is 100% worth every single particle of fecal matter
your poop chute will never be 100% clean and free of bacteria
so pussy is 100% clean?
Then why is there so much of it in porn?
it always stinks and the lube turns brown
No girls want to get their ass eaten or fucked in the ass they just think it makes them seem kinky and submissive and that it's what men want
If you told her you found it gross she wouldn't insist on it 
As a woman I've had men beg to eat my ass and I truly don't understand it. It actually feels misogynistic. Like, my pussy is RIGHT THERE why do you want to lick my butt instead? It doesn't give any pleasure. Also while you'd think the act is degrading for the male it's actually degrading for the woman, since she is conceding to a sex act that is more for the man's fetish than her own pleasure.
hard agree OP
This is why I carved babykiller in my chest if ass can't provide babies but can provide a fetish than it's a subuniversal dark entity
You're so wacky oh god I'm clutching my pearls ahhh
