would you rather never have been born at all?
im gonna go with ecclesiastes 4:3
If were never born at all, I would have never had that choice in the first place.
Yeah but I didn't have a say in it anyways.
For me its Job, chapter 3
Yes. I didn't really wanted to. But I got order to do so, and I just followed.
No, I am thankful I was born, soon I'll reset the universe and I know what I am meant to correct now.
literally yes i wish that none of this life happened to me
Pretty much. Unrortunately I'm a yuropoor so fellating a shotgun is out of the question.
Very much so. Even my mom has said numerous times that if she could go back in time she wouldn't have had me.
That's a mean mom.
definitely. My life is a complete nightmare.
I wasn't offended by that, it's a correct statement considering the state of my life.
knowing what cards you were dealt with probably not
both of my parents had stated that numerous times. I guess you can't understand how it affect your view on life and family after hearing something like that until a parent tells you that
Born to the mentally ill losers who couldn't/refused to raise me? Yes, it would have been better.
There are some good human lives though. I see some people and I think, "I wouldn't mind some of that shit."
It didn't affect me a lot, I knew it was the case, in fact it would have surprised me more to hear that she was pleased with the way I turned out
you just don't realize it yet.. it's no different than a physical proof to an lifelong athiest that God exists
sometimes, i do
but i just carry on as if nothing really matters
Yeah and I was supposed to die at birth the doctor said he never saw a baby make it with whatever happened to me. I could've just not been here but I survived and life is is bullshit
Sometimes yeah
I'm really fucked up in a lot of ways, and that doesn't help that my mom and dad were trying for years to have me, and I ended up being born when she was 38.
Both me and my sister turned out pretty fucked, so it's not like they're absent from responsiblity of our situations. But it's a bad mindset, because you can't change the past.
Yeah, I should have died at birth but unfortunately I survived.
How is your life a nightmare anon?
Obviously, being alive is suffering.
