Infiltrate a nerdy friend group
Flirt with the female they all have a crush on
Make her see god and become obsessed with me
Completely destroys the friend group
Leave
Rinse and repeat
Anybody else know this feeling? There is literally nothing in the world quite like it
 fool around with ugly nerdy girl at party
 turn her into a mad horny machine
 notice she has an ugly-hot roommate
 fool around with her too
 she stops short at putting out - oh well
 she apparently goes back to her roomie and blabs about it
 original girl ends up crying and has her friend blow up my phone
 tell her I'm with the boys getting drunk so now's not a good time
 original girl comes crawling back a few weeks later like nothing happened
Feels good man.
Make her see god
Could you elaborate on this point?
Blow her back out
The forearm hair is tragic but that body is 10/10
How do you flirt with girls?
Step one is having confidence. After that it's mostly a combination of very light teasing and passive compliments. 
I'll say though usually flirting is less of a step by step process and rather is a mutual vibe that two people have. It's like this kinetic energy where you and the girl are clearly trying your hardest to make each other smile.
mutual vibe
That never happens for me. I'm like an alien to the world.
Completely destroys the friend group
Leave
Rinse and repeat
Sounds like a lot of effort
passive compliments
What's that?
That's the lack of confidence
That's the lack of confidence
Not really, I'm very confident.
Tell them that theyre really pretty all the time. Women also like when you are straight forward. If you only want sex, tell her. Girls also like when you send memes all the time. Send her a lot of memes
Don't do this please original
 kinetic energy where you and the girl are clearly trying your hardest to make each other smile.
I only once had this with a girl. It was on a first year college party, but later some friends came look for me because the friend group was in another part of the campus and I leave her. We never flirted again.
I remember I said something like "oh yeah, that movie is so cute" and she replied something like "you are cute", and then I tried to came up with something like "no more than you". It was really weird, and I didn't know how to continue the interaction.
confidence
light teasing
passive compliments
You are 100% correct. This guy fucks or at least gets a lot of attention from women.
/r9k/ really comes up with the most pathetic larps
this
hoenstly when girls show me signs or flirt with me when im not expecting it i get caught off guard, dont know what to do (since i already have a gf and dont know these girls so dont trust them) and wind up acting awkward or intentionally fumbling the bag
in hindsight i doged a bunch of drama and stds for a simple sex life
Girls also like when you send memes all the time.
Do you think she will like basedjak memes?
Yes females love memes that are edgy
I did this. I even had her go in the bathroom and rub her pussy while friend were at her house. She was ridiculously into it to lol.
The moment I walk into the room, all smiles are gone and they dont want to even try to make me smile. At that point, why bother?
I fucking love chads. Please keep fucking my women.
Hosting a party with my roommates
Completely fucking sloshed
Going from group to group to be sociable
A cuteugly girl and a chubby guy are standing alone on the balcony for over an hour
Approach them and blaber some random nonsense that I don't remember
She tells him she would be right back, brings my to my own room, and we fuck raw
She doesn't end up leaving my room till the next morning
Good times.
you guys are assholes
I'm actually not, I just know my place in the world
btw
All of this only works if you're atleast decently attractive. Seem some chad friends do all of this before, works like a charm.
If you're average, it can work, and its where try and error ensues.
If you're ugly, much like myself, save yourself from the humiliation. Trust me. Sometimes is better to stay in the shadows.
NIGGERS TONGUE MY ANUS IN AN ORIGINAL WAY
Sage in all fields
I wonder what sound card that is.
I wish there was a full set of this girl. fuck the forearm hair...that body is 100% worth a few ruined PCIe components.
Based Chad.
This probably happens with music groups as well, no? Funny is the fact that R*dditors shill men to join groups, but the moment one wants to date one of the girls -- especially the pretty one -- shit gets wild and the group dissolves in less than a month.
this makes me hate chads even more, i can understand if its sorority girls BUT NERDY VIRGIN GIRLS!! leave them alone!!!!
