Am I gay if I'm friends with benefits with a FtM tranny? She still has bobs and vagene.
are you attracted to the same sex? if yes, then you are gay
either way, OP is always a fag (you)
Possibly just bisexual.
Unless he's not even on T or masculine in any capacity then you are prob straight.
You are gayer than chasers because she's male presenting
are you attracted to the same sex?
Not really attracted to men. Attempted gay sex twice and was so turned off by it that I couldn't get hard. Sucking dick was kind of fun though not gonna lie.
not even on T or masculine
She has a big clit so I guarantee she's on testosterone. She's unmistakable from a slightly soft-looking man when she's fully clothed. 
What?
who cares what it is, that sounds based
It's alright. Better than getting no pussy at all. She's ultra submissive and has a race play fetish so she makes me call her nigger.
oh wow things just got twice as based. do the hormones make her extra horny?
you have the gag reflex of a supreme homo
i guess it depends if you consider them a female yourself
No, but posting that cute anime picture makes you gay
have fun brother, I haven't fucked one yet but they're all over my cock on grindr
male presenting doesn't mean shit compared to bobs and vagene. At worst youll get some uncanny valley shit with the voice or body hair and shit, or she'll do some crazy shit cos of hormones, but pussy is pussy my nigga
absolutely based
any comments on the sex itself? I've noticed their vaginas look kinda weird (you see a lot more red, big ass clitoris, etc.) but I haven't put my dick in one, just seen pics
Im a straight dude but back in high school I'd let a gay friend practice his blow job technique blowing me.
did you cum on his face
You know what good for you OP ftm need love too.
Why does everyone on this board celebrate manwhores but when a femanon sluts out to chad it's the worst thing ever?
Does he work out?
Because if he takes those hormones and wasting good hormones, then we gonna have a serious fucking problem
its a man in a womans body
its gay but it doesnt mean you are
