11 years ago I stayed in a hotel room with a 16yo "internet celebrity" virgin cosplayer as a 25yo virgin. After not touching any woman in any significant way, she giggled at the idea of taunting me and guiding me through every little step. A close tight hug followed by a long passionate first kiss and "you can touch me all you want anywhere.", and after a lot of her crawling around me gradually removing clothing and feeling every part of her body she sat on my cock bareback without warning to take my virginity, letting out a long moan of relief then said "I'm not moving", to which I proceeded to get ontop her and grind her up missionary as tight as I could.
At that point EVERYTHING in my life no longer mattered. Any bad history in my life was now redeemed and I was feasting on the ambrosia provided by the Gods. I couldn't possibly look back and could only see forward. I wasn't a virgin anymore and I lost it to a goddess. Nothing mattered besides that time lost in space in that shabby hotel room.
4 days straight laying in bed with her, get curiously exploring and touching my adult body, showering together and smelling her fresh skin, her soft hair. Spooning her whispering in her ears how I'll never forget this for the rest of my life while I'm grabbing both her tits. Sliding my hands up and down her body until she would say "hey, wanna put it in?" And we begin having sex for the 6th time that day. Her forcing me to watch her pose, bending over and spreading her pussy before me before "unleashing" me to mount her.
There's no way to go back. I've had sex with about 30 other people and will never feel that again. I'm 36 and she's 27. I still want her and she doesn't even live in my country. I don't care about making money, I don't care about anything at all. I can sit here and do nothing and be content with the beauty of life.
Alright but maybe instead of telling us, save up some money and buy a plane ticket and hotel and tell her instead with your body. Cool story though
I'm not reading all this
There was drama with her because of the age gap and her, so we never saw each other again. She told me it was pure extacy years later but said she needed someone closer to her age. Then she married a provider that's now in his 40s so she doesn't have to work.
Should have been more assertive and said how you really felt and not given her a choice. She would have thanked you. Too late now. Live and learn
i wonder how you got into that situation. also what kinds of internet celebrities were back then. seems like every other person now is a celebrity but back then internet felt much smaller and still had the faint aroma of nerdiness
