I will be accepting gf application messages itt
Post your stats and motivations and maybe you will obtain a nice robot bf so you can stop being a femcel
Fakecel if you dont reply
We need some info first to know what we get.
Weight? 
Height?
Dick size?
Skin, hair and eye color?
Why does any of this matter?
I can help you escape femceldom that i see you complaining so much about
i need a few things in return: 
race
age
location
hair and eye colour
what type of music do you like
what do you do in your spare time, find fulfilling?
is there anything you are truly passionate about
are you religious?
how is your diet?
future prospects?
political views?
are you 5'8" or above? (i ask this because i am 5'8")
stats: 5'8, 23, white, canada, 155lb, 35-28-31 hips, waist, chest respectively, bonus: maxed out autism stat.
motivations: music, God, art, poetry, nature, wildlife, being cozy.
Stats:
morbidly obese
havent showered or brushed teeth in weeks
lazy and narcissistic
mentally ill and suicidal 
lives with parents 
jobless and about to drop out of college
Motivations:
money
Cant wait to hear back from you stud
No hips
NEXT
commiting seppuku bye thanks for your time anon
Ok if you insist
White
26
My house
Brown and brown
Classical music
Play piano
No
No
Normal, im not fat if thats what youre asking
Dont have a glass ball
Chud
Yes im 5'11
Prospects, not baseless predictions retard. You seem annoying
you both seem to be insufferable retards, incredible
We can work with that, but lets wait to see the rest of the applicants
classical music
gonna need specifics, bb. who?
wow maybe they should date, it would be perfect.
you cant cherry pick, you have had two real applicants and the first one you shot down because no hips. second one has hips, i mean come on, morbidly obese? hips galore! also, based off of what youve said already, i dont think you will be exactly rolling in it, so to speak.
What for? I mog them with just my stench
Anything between bach and stravinsky (except r.strauss borefests)
I will be accepting gf application messages itt
this is the absolute bare minimum of how you have to look like if you want "femcels"
also be 6'3" like pic related as well
or be a famous korean idol, some girls prefer koreans
Do you have a discord however?
Make your own thread nog
You just rejected her nigger
oui, i do indeed. although, i am not huge on the edating thing, so i am terribly sorry for even contributing to this thread.
(sorry for bumping this OP ik i shouldve committed seppuku by now because i dont have hips)
Maybe I will make my own thread, with blackjack and hookers
Kek choke OP you faggot
Have a nice day hipless anon
i would bump that thread instead of this thread ;-;
thanks anon... you too, i wish you a good week ahead and lots of success in whatever endeavors you may be pursuing.
I wanted to pursue OP but he turned out to be a leading on faggot
His loss, me and my morbid obesity will find love somewhere else 
Like >>73010139 there for example
OP is always a faggot, it is the only thing that holds true in this place.
you will find a nice bf one day, i know you can do it. &lt;3
wait until you hear about dickpp and the anos being extraje baka
Youre so nice, op fumbled tremendously lol 
You can do it too &lt;3!! I wish us both luck
says you oh goodness... we might just have to date each other and cuck him... (jk unless??)
thank you so very much anon :D &lt;3 
i must head to bed now as its getting incredibly late in my time zone but i hope to see your sarcastic sense of humour somewhere on this board tomorrow. goodnight :> &lt;3
