Does anyone else miss high school?
I never even really talked to anyone but it was comfy, schedule was easy and consistent and I had a seemingly infinite supply of cash to buy fun stuff with because there were no other expenses other than gas.
I moreso miss college. Same sense of structure but way more free time and I was an adult so I had a lot more freedom than as a teen
I had no money in HS but life was easier in some ways. As I have aged my mind has only grown in finding ever convoluted ways to torture itself.
The neurosis and problems I had in HS seem juvenile in comparison. Yet just as potent as I had not the defenses to properly quell them. Thats the crux of the issue, as my defenses increase so does the potency or complexity of the neurosis
Quite the predicament
Every time in my life has been miserable expect for the 4 years in my early 20s that I was in a long distance relationship
Highschool sucked
No autonomy. Mostly mandatory courses over electives
Nah it was shit, most people at my school were unlikeable and nearly all the girls were disgusted by me, plus all the stress of the studying too, I was so happy when I finished school
I was a massive normie in HS. Went out partying, got laid, had a lot of success with girls. Did a lot of drugs, skateboarded, was really confident. Afterwards I became a complete incel recluse. Despite that I dont miss HS at all. Actually I rather hated HS.
Same. I got away with sooooooo much dumb shit that would get me a SWAT raid today if I were in...
kind of, college was better.
i had a two faced friend there. at school was different small group would kind of ignore me but at home he would break stuff at my house. he had a weird family. they would buy, sell stuff at flea markets.
Hated it. Boring as fuck. Only enough effort to barely pass. After that shit was done, I could spend time how I pleased. Never looked back. Love the freedom I have now.
High school sucked almost as much as middle school. You had money? Lucky. My fucking parents wouldn't let me get a job and it really crushed my self esteem.
