her "hobby" is tiktok
tf am I supposed to talk about with her
You dont, go find people with real hobbies
If someones hobby is doom scrolling brain rot, RUN
ohhh How i wish i had a woman companion with which i can discuss quantum physics and unhinged politic opinions 
you are posting on /r9k/. We are not exactly scholars. Talking about trivialities can be interesting. It can offer you insight in the current culture.
I, for one, would use that insight to fuel my doom-posting behaviors
Creating tiktoks or watching them?
tf am I supposed to talk about with her
"You like that, bitch?"
"You want it harder?"
"You want me to fuck your ass, and then your mouth?"
stuff like that I guess
watching
I would say don't, but considering the current generation of gen z and if you're desperate then perhaps this may be the only chance you'll get a girl unless you're a normalfag: learn tiktok memes and trends and talk about whatever is trending on her tiktok together with her.
You're supposed to be a good general conversationalist. This requires a decent understanding of a broad range of topics and to have the ability to make subtle and interesting references. Talking about hobbies is for children and it's very boring.
It's kind of a lame hobby ngl but I'd ask her what her favorite trends and creators are, ask her if she has ever thought about making her own tiktok videos, tell her to show you a funny tiktok video.
Who is she? The local Stacy?
female coworker who keeps talking to me for some reason
aand what does it mean to be a good general conversationalist?
She's more of a loser than you are. Just ask her to show (You) her favorite Tiktoks and use her as a practice gf
she's more of a loser than you are
holy shit why did this make me so happy wgmi
found the anon who thinks he is smart but is actually 25th percentile retard level of autist
Anything but her hobby? What you've been up to, how her day has been, family ties, your values, the weather, tv shows. I'm sure she's not chained to this hobby 24/7, just a large portion of her time. 
Ooooor... find someone you have more in common with.
his "hobby" is video games
tf am i supposed to talk about with him
Tell her scrolling tiktok isn't a hobby.
It literally isn't
Love this reply soo much
Don't be happy. She will still have more success than you because of the mere fact that she is a woman. How does that feel? You can be a ripped polyglot musician martial artist, and she STILL has it easier in the dating scene.
every woman on dating apps thinks liking their dog is a personality, very sad
I agree girls do this but guys do it way more
lmao no. thats like saying heroin is just a hobby. no, tiktok is not a hobby, it is a scrolling addiction
woman
can discuss quantum physics and unhinged politic opinions
I actually like that. When I'm in the mood.
Video games are vastly more diverse and interactive than tiktoks. There are plenty of ways a conversation could branch out video games, but Tiktoks? Idk
well I can't do a comparison because I've only seen women on apps
I haven't played a videogame since around 2015, but it is definitely a more profound experience than mindlessly scrolling social media. If you've ecer put any time into a videogame or attempted to get good at it, and by chance you find someone who also has a penchant for the same game, you can almost completely base your relationship on that 1 game. Literally a single overlapping interest (and i mean INTEREST, as in sinking a few hundred hours into a hobby, not being a complete newb at it) can make you an acquaintance just like that. I went from strangers to pals with one guy because we both used to play tekken 5 a lot, and with another because we were both violinists and liked Wagner. You are just lazy in every aspect.
90% of women have never had to develop a personality of any kind outside of basic fashion style choice, they've always had things given to them just for existing, so when asked to describe their personality they usually default to basic shit people do like drinking coffee and liking their dog.
It about as much a hobby as posting on 4chan.
based basedbased fren
women were an afterthought and their conquest for superiority is a hinderance upon all of mankind
to possess the ability to create an interesting conversation from nothing
I like your honesty , anon
