kissing your fbf in public edition 
previous
have a wonderful day gaynons
they're replacing my thread
r9gay has fallen... millions.... no... billions must die...
https://youtu.be/auLopgsgJ_s [Embed]
Kissing My Wife.......Hah.....I'd Rather Kiss A Cold One After A Day At The Mines....
the gays yearn for the mines
I want to kiss a miner.
I wonder if my proselytizing ever got one prisongay or something here to leave their ways.
Also show given where the OP gif come from is honestly fucking ass. I don't know why fujos or faggots like it. The main love interest Mafuyu is so unrealistically childish and autistic its annoying. He is completely socially inept but not in a adult way. Its like he is a 7 year old in a young adult male's body. The main dude which I don't even remember his name is boring. All i remember about him is that he liked to play guitar and liked dudes. The whole Mafuyu's former love killing himself and him moving on to another guy to me which of course i am some edgy chud is cucked and weird. In the show they explain it away as Mafuyu seeing his former love in the main character dude which is just freaky. The more interesting story is the B plot between Kaji and Haruki though that doesn't save the show. I think romance stories are awful in episodic format or at least in anime they are. If you want a good gay anime movieto watch just watch umibe no etranger or doukyuusei though doukyuusei doesn't have a dub which is an obstacle. (Umibe No Etranger is the better of the two though Dooukyuusei is more visually intresting) 
Speaking of homosexual media. I think gay media in general kind of sucks for the most part. I tried to watch love, simon and i couldnt stomach it. Its like fucking 2 hours of this guy A falling in love with a nigger and B he lives in this rich suburb where his parents are both happy and together and has this group of friends and his only problem in life is that he likes dudes and his parents don't know. Oh and a lot of the dialogue is just odd and clearly wouldn't be said irl. The entire movie is normalfag bragging to me. I can't feel sympathy for someone who lives basically a perfect life.
tldr: I am an asshole who doesn't like anything and I hate normalfags
Also show given where the OP gif come from is honestly fucking ass. I don't know why fujos or faggots like it.
i dont know the show, i just like males kissing.
I happen to like fujo stuff, very very cute even if unrealistic.
I think guys don't like Kissing me, my mouth tastes like blood
Yeah thats alot of people. Its one of the first gifs to come up on discord tenor gifs when you look up anime boys kissing. I just want a place to bitch about anime.
fighting trannys and eating pizza today :3
wtf?! ventiposter making good decisions today?!
MFW
I thought venti poster Was a tranny
Venti poster is a tranny.
I'm feeling good today! Got a new lego too.
Show Lego!!
It's this guy. Do you like him?
lego obsessed soiboys. i can smell the woke male feminism seeping from this post.
Wha
When?
How??
Isn't this the guy that killed quai gonn?
How's he on a clone armor ?
Really cool btw
my voices is telling me to take of you faggots and im unable to
kill yourself you are prisongay
He's like a elite soldier for Darth Maul.
I was going to post here to look for someone but ventiposter is here and he was ranting about how I should kill my self but too afraid to join a stream of me doing it. It is impossible for generals to not just be filled with schizos
Can you post the gun?
tfw no southern bf who can buy me a gun (in counterstrike)
post your discord I will add you and show you
Didn't knew he had his own army, the Lore on this thing really has been expanded lots
I assume you're a starwars fan then?
Why are you obsessed with this discord crap? Post the gun. 
Yeah I'm a big star wars fan. Basically he took over the mandalorian's planet in a coup with his brother and got his own army.
or as bruce lee would say... water
I want to show you it personally not anyone else.
Just kill yourself on twitch or something i don't care that much lol
You want me to kill myself then just make a throwaway discord, not that hard. More like you are just a pussy.
are you allowed guns in mexico
Always make others cum with oral
Can never cum from oral myself because Jews took my foreskin
i made a throwaway
suicidealt#3104
i dont think a 15 year old should be watching livestreamed suicides...
Anon please stop with this
It's crazy
True. They should be watching teletubbies.
are you ventianon?
I only want them to watch it.
so then go watch teletubbies instead of suicides
Yes I am 
add me
Mh
Yes!, i never been a fan of anything really, i think it's pretty cool that you like star wars so much !
i know the addresses of like 3 anons itt Lol
Venti anon doxxy anon
They aren't good people so we aren't losing much if they mysteriously were murdered in their sleep LOL
I do doubt that however the average discord fag on r9k is probably retarded enough to give their address to some tranny online.
P. Anon
42 Wallaby Way, Sydney, Australia
Hahahha
Nemonony!!!
i'm a smart boy >:3
If you say so...
Dox me next! Dox me next!
This isnt even a real location
Everything I say is satire and not meant to be taken seriously by law enforcement or government agencies.
I can assure you that Australia is real
I doubt FBI nonys care
Keep on doxxin!
i am slowly beginning to lose hope in life
i need to distract myself
what are you all doing right now?
which one of you little ladies wants to by my bf for tonight
i push everyone i try to love away. i feel like no one has even truly loved me anyway so it's pointless.
it's better that way. niggers are temporary, swag is forever
Watching Jojo rabbit
I feel that
Never felt loved, i don't think I can
I guess you have to just live with it
dirty diana let me beeeeeeeee
currently sorting 1000 different files of image and videos into proper folders so i dont have to dig through my downloads folder to find stuff
:DDD
Great anon!
Is it porn?
this house is not a home to you
but you decide to go ahead and lay down 
there are no words to describe the depth of your indifference
cause i see you're here to stay.
No. Out of the thousand and change files. One or two are porn. I don't like saving porn to my pc. Makes me feel like a coomer.
cause i love you. 
and i need you.
i only want you. 
and nobodies going to know if it's true...
baby please.
would you end your night with me.
don't you leave me all behind. 
don't you leave my little life. 
don't you leave my little lie.
Venti anon be going hard on songs
Post em
https://youtu.be/YNXybY2DtwM [Embed]
i hate rap music
What you got there then?
Cause unlike you I have nothing to hide.
I don't pretend to have any shame.
I got a box you can put all your lies in until the end of days. 
And I know that I will always be the one for you. 
You repent when you are done.
it's alternative r&amp;b retard...
all i said was that i hate rap music i didn't imply that my post and yours were related
Happiness exists.
when you don't know a thing.
So I hope you don't think this 4chan post is about you.
l KNOW EVERYTHING.
I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you. 
(a good 40 percent of it is stuff I saved to post on 4chan to win an argument or something)
don't make me make you fall in love with a nigga like meeeeeeeee
cause girl i'm just a bird.
girl i'm just another bird.
Hahahaha
Reaction memes ?
Nobody cares like you do.
I was born on Tatooine with dreams of sand
i bought a flipper zero and im gonna do bad things with it
of course i am some edgy chud
This might be the reason why you don't have a bf
The Siege of Mandalore had one of the most kino armor designs
rest in peace to a real nigga
kissing your fbf in public edition 
Mortally dangerous desutbhqhdesubh
Morally reprehensible desu. I can't even imagine l-locking fingers with a bf in public
Morally reprehensible desu. I can't even imagine l-locking fingers with a bf in public
You might not be saying this in seriousness but I can hardly imagine wanting to express physical affection towards my (nonexistent) bf in public desubh
You will never be a child, you have no youth, its over.
Why? would you die desu. Do you live an archaic shithole
Why? would you die desu. Do you live an archaic shithole
I'm from the south, but I also feel that PDA is sort of weird in general.
Not that I've ever experienced it.
Do you guys have a thigh gap?
I'm wondering how common thigh gaps are for guys. Given that they tend to be less fat than females, I would think most guys would have a thigh gap. Maybe the different hip structure would also lead to a thigh gap.
Personally I have a thigh gap but since I don't go around checking other people's thighs I don't know how common that is.
I have a missile gap.
no, i have thunderthighs
I have a small gap yesu desu
he has thunderthighs
Cute
I can fit a finger through mine without touching either thigh. I feel like if I had no knees I wouldn't have a gap, the main reason I can't get my thighs to touch without crossing legs is because my knees get in the way.
By the way I'm talking about while standing up. If you sit down then of course your thighs will squish flat and touch each other.
Are you just really skinny or do you have a bowleg
My body is exactly the same as every other body I've seen in person.
tomoyo films sakura + li + yukito threesome
And A Ching Ching Chong To You Too My Yellow Friend....Wife's Asleep....Who's Up For Some Beer And Dominoes........
Save some for me dazza *almost trips on the carpet*
im going to put electronic countermeasures in my car and pretend the police are shooting missiles at me as i speed
tfw no bf to be nocturnal with
just used up all my freeleech wedges i've been saving for like half a year on MAM... hopefully someone notices a benefactor with great taste is watching over.....
i gotta do better today
where is bunnynon
dead, if we're lucky
lost another pound
motivation is hard with no bf but I am getting there
Where is the good morning r9ganster chud. I need my motivation
He got hit in a drive by shooting while repping r9gayng, he'll pull through but we've got to keep up the fight for him in the mean time
Rise and grind, anon
I'm hearing raining noises outside. Please let me be wrong, i don't like rain. So sleepy. Not leaving my bed for a while
God fucking damn it. But yes you are right. Rise and grind.
why don't like like rain, anon?
I like when i can go for a walk without getting all wet. And it makes me sad i think
Good morning r9gorgeous, the weather is cool and rainy but we keep it hot and hazy. Or I'm trying to at least. It's hard on days like this sometimes. Lately I've been a bit listless and lacking stimulus. Do you ever get that way? I need a fiery bf to throw sparks on me. Or I guess I can just keep smoking
Do your best today anon, while you're alive you might as well do something about it. Remember to eat food and take breaks. I'll be thinking of you
Have a very gay day as well anony
Sometimes i feel superior to wagies >~&lt;
getting ghosted by the guy i like rn, badass
are you ticklish?
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE? MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND!
https://youtu.be/yoCD5wZEgo4 [Embed]
I can do unpredictable bursts of white hot flame with no notice to either of us, but apart from that I understand listlessness very well. But that's fine, on the occasional rainy day.
Please take care of your health with that smoking, anon, you're important here.
He lives
You're a hero to us all, anon
This might be the reason why you don't have a bf
You read or at least skimmed my entire rambling post just to comment on the fact that I called myself a chud. I didn't even mention anything about having a boyfriend or wanting one. Hue is incapable of making coherent posts which aren't just calling other people loser virgins.
the hue thought process goes like this
ctrl-f
ctrl-c
ctrl-v
White hot flame sounds kinda cool, is it a fire breath move or something? Manic episodes?
it's finally over
30 months since i met him and i don't know how many times i tried to make it work
that's it now though
it's over
he's gone
i guess it's time to trade moaning his name while looking at pictures of him for sobbing his name into my pillow and drowing myself in white noise
did he dieded or something?
no i just finally accepted that he really isn't into me and went schizo in his dms by telling him the levels of mental gynmastics i was on to try and hope he was
it might be time to ghost everyone and become a newfag again i only really stayed around for the moments when i would brush past him
i like my handle though
It's the raging fire of the soul, which is not quite as cool as real life fire breath would be, but I'll still burn things the old fashioned if you want me to.
Manic episodes?
I guess that would be the best way of describing it, but that's too clinical, it makes me sound crazier than I want to admit that I am.
tfw no boogie1488 bf
sometimes i wonder how he still hasnt been canceled over that name. i guess libs are just that dumb npcs that they dont realize what 1488 means.
one for me and one for my hooker
tfw no pyro laugh bf
Every anon itt is just a figment of my imagination
You don't really exist. I'm just talking to myself about myself. How are you doing, me?
I got energy drinks at the store
it is no longer over
we are now so back
doing good thanks. okay. not bad. tired
i feel like lying down on the floor listless
sorry i didnt reply earlier this was a good post
you're a good poster. warm like a furnace. i like you
I have come to terms with the fact that i may not be as based as i think. I may be cringe
well yeah of course your cringe. judging by your image choice you are a pedophile :00000
some trannies may be lurking in this thread be careful y'all
i support trannies
they're cute and lovable
they're so cute and loveable that half of them try to kill themselves hmmmm hmmm I wonder why that is?? hmmmmmm
https://youtu.be/GLg_wp0IXoI [Embed]
sorry i didnt reply earlier
That's okay, anon. We're here forever, after all.
I'm glad I can be some small warmth to the good gentlemen of /r9gay/. I like you too, and I hope that your listless mood improves in short order.
Do you have anything to keep yourself entertained through this low? Some music, a book, a simple game?
for non trannies you sure do love to obsess over them lol
Russian propaganda
i wanna look like an italian mobster when i grow up
you hate spiders? that must be you are one!
the same old tricks :/
Hello gay anons !
What's something you're scared of and can't get away from??
I fear spiders but they be showing on my clothes all the time, sometimes i only notice after putting them on
How many fucking spiders do you have in your closet god damn, anon
Anyway my answer is people
I'm scared of no man, women or child. I only fear my capacity for destruction. Sometimes i only notice after the fact
nobody said minorities
4chan is healing
putin says: pedo rights #PLM
What's something you're scared of and can't get away from??
wasting my life in a deadend job and being too much of a coward to change my trajectory. it's already been happening in realtime for the past several years and it's coming true oh god my fears are coming true oh god oh fuck
Yeah, i also always get one when buying grapes, once i got Brown widow eggs
Hmmm
That's one hard to get out of
*hugs*
Hope you can get out of it
thank you for your consideration.
so many people don't acknowledge the plight of others, for reasons that I am sure are valid; but it is still nice when someone breaks that precedent and expresses sympathy all the same. you should know of the importance of having done that
That's such a cute kitty!!!!
Thanks for the Philosophic and moral rabbit hole
Which reminds me
Hey nony, why you scared of people?
i finally found food i finally found a knife so i can make fire and then i went up a building and heard someone coming up a ladder and then i turned and he shot me
The only way to get out of my shitty life is getting a bf.
Good. Now you can give dating apps a try?
if someone thinks that getting a bf is their only solution then dating apps isn't going to help and in fact just make it worse.
you should always be living life for yourself, not other people especially if that person serves to be your emotional punching bag and sponge. 
do you guys ever take that into account? like when you're saying you need a bf to make your life better, what does that entail? dumping your baggage on him? that's mentally draining, i mean. if it's that much of a roadblock in YOUR life, what do you think it's going to do with someone who has it figured out? 
you can't have it all, be realistic and start small.
normalfag assumptions
reddit spacing
I always think of this nony
But
Then i don't understand what's a bf for, i tried making friends first with guys i wanted to be with but they don't seem to want that
I don't know if it's me or people around me who are wrong
But yeah, this should be a priority altho makes it hard to know what's a bf for
I don't feel intimacy either so sex means nothing really
dating apps isn't going to help and in fact just make it worse.
Incel opinion. 
Dating apps are going to get you dates, and you'll meet people, and you'll get that much needed social practice and quench your thirst while you're at it. 
Nearly no downside
don't know if it's me or people around me who are wrong
Whenever you think that, no matter the context, know this for sure:
It's you. It's you who are wrong. You are the problem. 
That's the answer for every dilemma in your life
the reddit spacing is on purpose because it's going to get inevitably replied to by retards like you with 0 identity outside of reminding everyone what a trubot you are
i tried making friends first with guys i wanted to be with but they don't seem to want that
do they actually not want that, or do you just assume that so you stop talking to them? i think it's possible you could just be talking to the wrong people, but at the same time are you actually trying to be friends? it's obviously not going to click the first time, but it's hard to think why anyone would not want to keep talking to you if you have similar likes/dislikes. the counterpoint to that being literally autism if that's the case i would probably prioritize that before endlessly running through people to see who sticks. 
dating apps are designed to be based on looks and whatever impression you give off in the bio, dates are not a guarantee unless you lower your standards to accept literally anyone and at that rate it's not fulfilling outside of being a whore who just wants a quick sexual fix, which this anon isn't talking about. if you want to whore yourself it's fine just stop saying it like it's an actual solution.
, i tried making friends first with guys i wanted to be with
Have you tried making friends without the obvious romantic intention?
if you have similar likes/dislikes
I think you're forgetting the simple detail that robots don't really like anything. They live on a diet of pure bitterness
Sometimes I wish this place was actually as bitterly horrific as people make it out to be because it would scare a lot of you away from even browsing. "t-this place is so bitter" Really? Is that why there's always someone to point that out every thread for the past 2 years?
dating apps are designed to be based on looks
Like the people in this thread aren't balls deep into lookism. Have you ever stopped to notice the sort of boy that gets posted in here? 
It's so idealized that real people are no match, only cartoons can suit their need for perfectly looking men
dates are not a guarantee unless you lower your standards to accept literally anyone
It's like you're incapable of conceiving the idea of someone nice being interested in you. 
You put everyone on this one bag of "undesirables" and what does it tells us? How low you think of yourself? 
I can score a date with a nice guy. Can't you? Something's not right...
it's not fulfilling outside of being a whore
Are those the only options for you? Is being a whore the best you can do? What does that say about you?
Anytime someone mentions having friends or a bf they get death threats, lmao. 
Please do defend your incel club, it's kinda cute
no one actually spews looksmaxxing is the thing though, where are you pulling this from? an incel expose video you watched in 2018? everyone is always just like ugghh im not skinny enough, and they're like 5 pounds overweight or morbidly obese. that's like, THE categorical most these threads get into analyzing looks. no one whines about wrist sizes, no one's measuring their skulls. find me examples that were in this thread if you're going to say that shit, archives are free.saying that animeboy posting is indicative of people's mental states will make your brain explode if you ever browse /a/, or any other board on 4chan for that matter.
It's like you're incapable of conceiving the idea of someone nice being interested in you. 
at no point did i ever make a single sweeping statement implying this in any capacity. if you don't fit the typical mold of what the beauty standard is, you will likely not get as many matches as someone who is conventionally attractive on dating apps. objectively true statement, deny that and you are more deluded than anyone who's visited this thread.
Are those the only options for you?
If you are not an attractive person, then dating apps will not be largely successful outside of very specific settings. for unattractive people, they will not experience getting tons of matches and dates. it would stand to reason then, if someone is ugly, then getting on a dating app and having nothing come from it would lead to a worse mental state.
Anytime someone mentions having friends or a bf they get death threats, lmao. 
yeah from like, 2 anons then everyone else ignores it. or they get actual engagement asking for more
Please please stop engaging with people who are just here to antagonise the thread
where are you pulling this from
You can either look at the pictures posted in this thread or you can play blind and dumb. 
Incels are completely obsessed with looks, just like anyone else. I'd say a lookism app will suit their needs perfectly. 
What is your alternative again? Oh right, being a lonely virgin throughout your 20s
no hornyposting
only bait and easy takers
what has happened to /r9gay/...
Incel opinion.
Dating apps are going to get you dates, and you'll meet people, and you'll get that much needed social practice and quench your thirst while you're at it.
Gotcha
Nearly no downside
Anything else, dawg?
i stopped hornyposting because thread too dumb nowadays for fun horneyposting
free.saying that animeboy posting is indicative of people's mental states
The things that you post? Reflecting the inner conundrums of your troubled mind?
Who could have guessed that
Can't even hornypost without being shit on by normalscum
Dating is for chumps and rarely works out. Sex is for the most part not even better than jacking off. Its all a waste of time and money just to be socially accepted by others and not be considered a loser. There is a reason why most "losers" on the internet look at yaoi or something like that because it shows a perfect version of relationships where everything is happy and you are not a chump wasting your time with a man or woman who will leave you at a the drop of a hat.
Not really
I don't know how or where, so i tried making friends with people im not interested on on dating apps
no point did i ever make a single sweeping statement implying this in any capacity
dates are not a guarantee unless you lower your standards to accept literally anyone
It's like you're incapable of conceptualizing the mere thought of someone nice approaching you on the apps. 
You must keep this delusional up that you're only gonna get the scraps at the bottom of the barrel. "literally anyone" as you called it
Is this the best you can do?
i used to derail hornyposting rp into regular wacky rp
I think it's a mix of things, i get bored easy when people doesn't just keep talking
I haven't tried making friends anywhere but dating Apps and I had sex with those guys so maybe i made everything confusing and hurt them when I told them for they were nothing really, just liked them
if you don't fit the typical mold of what the beauty standard is, you will likely not get as many matches as someone who is conventionally attractive
You don't need many matches. You just need one, actually. Your looksmatch. 
Are you willing to give him a try? Or do you want a bf that fits the mold of beauty?
If you are not an attractive person, then dating apps will not be largely successful outside of very specific settings
Spoken like a true incel with high standards. Bravo.
You dehumanize ugly people and then you play the victim of lookism, it's hilariously hypocritical
What if they are just uninteresting?
It's like you're incapable of conceptualizing the mere thought of someone nice approaching you on the apps.
Ok
You must keep this delusional up that you're only gonna get the scraps at the bottom of the barrel. "literally anyone" as you called it
Ok
Is this the best you can do?
Gotcha, anything else?
getting tons of matches and dates.
Why would you even want to get tons of matches and dates? 
You only need one to make it right
Spoken like a true incel with high standards
Sure
You dehumanize ugly people and then you play the victim of lookism, it's hilariously hypocritical
Okey... anything else?
you keep saying conceptualizing over and over, yeah we can sit here and conceptualize 100 different outcomes for scenarios but it ultimately changes nothing, i don't see how this is a real counterpoint other than "oh you're saying ugly people don't go on dates? did you try uhh imagining it! cmon anon, be better!" that is quite literally what everything you say boils down to, it's just fantasy and delusion
, if someone is ugly, then getting on a dating app and having nothing come from it
But anon, you would have something from it. Your looksmatch!
What's wrong? You don't want to date your looksmatch? 
Crippling loneliness is wrecking your mental state more than any dating app ever could
Why would you even want to get tons of matches and dates?
Yeah
You only need one to make it right
Ok
Yes, please try to lose your virginity before you're 35
But anon, you would have something from it. Your looksmatch!
Ok
What's wrong? You don't want to date your looksmatch?
Sure
Crippling loneliness is wrecking your mental state more than any dating app ever could
Gotcha
Said the incel who never dated before. 
You are one bitter fox and these are some sour grapes my boy
lose your virginity
NEVER
I TOOK A PLEDGE LONG AGO
I WILL NEVER HAVE SEX
I WILL NEVER GET KISSED
I WILL NEVER BE IN A RELATIONSHIP
AND YOU CANT STOP ME
I AM STONE COLD
Your inability to make friends is a skill issue. It's sad to see you blame your failures on other gays
Why would you even want to get tons of matches and dates?
True
You only need one to make it right
I see
Anything else?
Just
Fucking
Ignore
Him
Said the incel who never dated before.
Ok
You are one bitter fox and these are some sour grapes my boy
Gotcha
A perfect match for you, then. 
You're so interesting that you have no friends and shitpost here instead 
Awareness, darling
not an argument
I accept your concession, thank you
Always sad to see internalized homophobia. Probably main reason most incels here don't get laid lmao
uhmmm SOUR GRAPES uhmmm!!!
MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN FUCK AESOP AND GAY ASS FUCKING FABLES
I DONT GIVE A SHIT THAT THE RED FOX JUMPED OVER THE BROWN FENCE AND HOW THATS HAS SOME GAY ASS MORAL
GO READ A REAL FUCKING BOOK LIKE LIKE CLIFFORD RUNS FOR PRESIDENT
A perfect match for you, then.
Sure
You're so interesting that you have no friends and shitpost here instead
Gotcha
Awareness, darling
Ok
Take care, dawg
it ultimately changes nothing
It would change something if you tried, but we know you didn't. 
You're just shit talking apps that you have never used before. Just so you can have one more excuse to be alone
Ugly people date each other all the time and they're happier than you
and yet you remain here, remind me how your constant preaching for fixing the gincel community isn't also severely deep character flaw
It would change something if you tried, but we know you didn't.
Ok
You're just shit talking apps that you have never used before. Just so you can have one more excuse to be alone
Gotcha
Nah, i have no friends because im a mess and treat people like shit
Guessing you go through the same
Said the guy who never tried anything but bitching online
You're only hurting yourself with that attitude
Everything you are saying to these people could be applied to you, if you have such a brimming social life what joy do you derive from bitching about people bitching online? None, you can cope and say it's for personal enjoyment but it's not because to admit so means you derive some level of fulfillment from this place.. and doing so would put you in the same position as the ones you criticize here.
It's a fable that perfectly describes you. 
The only reason why you talk shit about dating is because you can't get any
Try not becoming a 40yo virgin
I too argue with anonymous strangers for hours because i am happy
Someone gotta do that dirty work of bringing incels to light
Damn anon you're getting fat thats the reason don't have a bf anon is because you are too fat. You need to starve yourself anon. You should starve yourself to become skinnier . You should starve yourself. Starve yourself.
If that's the case, then why do you blame your loneliness on normies?
Only though love will save you from yourself
nah i like being a little chubby. pretty chill desu was skelly mode most of my life. the other day my dad slipped in his piss and took a hard fall and i was able to lift him from a squat and he weighs easily 120 pounds more than me. never felt stronger b4
It's a fable that perfectly describes you.
Yeah
The only reason why you talk shit about dating is because you can't get any
Ok
Someone gotta do that dirty work of bringing incels to light
Gotcha, anything else dawg?
When are you going to stop being a lonely celibate and get a bf instead?
If that's the case, then why do you blame your loneliness on normies?
Gotcha
stop feeding the troll, dumbass
I'm getting less fat fuck you bitch I'm beautiful
BROOO I GET A FUCK TON OF POONTANG BRO UNLIKE YOU INK WELLS!!!!! 
yeah yeah i've heard it before dont care nigger!!!!
He's in on it at this point
You should care. It's your dating life we're talking about. Shit's important
See, you can't even justify it with an actual argument. So you can quickly do 4 different types of justification for dating apps, but when it comes to an actual reflection of your character and who you are as a person it's a very concise and short statement? To cope, and claim you're doing it for the goodness of gay people is just objectively false. 30 unique posters, 230 replies in. This thread is halfway done. At least most of them are regulars. Why don't you do something actually productive? Infiltrate an actual radial death-cult. People here are mostly larpers anyways.
Hey, guess what retard
He knows he's a shitty person, that's why he's here, and why he lies about being a shitty person
not my problem!!!!1 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dNNmYUAVik [Embed]
You're a bigger retard for not realizing that getting him to admit it on his own terms is far more debilitating than just "durr ignore" Why do people even do that shit anyways? "STOP REPLYING YOU'RE DERAILING OUR THREADS REEEEE!!' nobody was fucking talking until the reddit spacing guy did his whole thing, now everyone wants to act like the sanctity was fucking destroyed. I'm glad he's here it gets you faggots to at least engage.
hue, did you ever have sex with a black guy?
He won't admit it, dipshit
You will keep going back and forth with him over and over again for the next six fucking hours because he's a piece of shit with no hobbies but making this thread intolerable to even look at
A slow thread is better than this
Fuck you
i had sex and it really wasn't that big of a deal, and im not trying to be annoying. the sex was good. it was excellent, even. really hot. sometimes jerk off to the memories. but that's exactly it, why am i able to still jerk off to the memories? if sex is so lifechanging why is it that i don't feel the urge to now go slutting it up every weekend? because it's not THAT good. sorry about it!
It wasn't even a "slow" thread either, literally no one was speaking. You want the back and forths to go away? Actually give people something engaging, just screaming how it's derailing does literally nothing, if anything it's equally derailing. Fuck YOU, in fact. Taking a moral high ground when you're arguably worse by pretending to give a shit.
I'm a fag', nigga fuck me in a Tesla
Nigga rubbing on my thighs with some ketchup
Bitch I'm gay, so you know I am next up
I got dildos, I got lube, what you want son?
My dick small, you act like you ain't notice
Put my dick inside his mouth, he started chokin'
That dick in me, bro that shit got me moaning
Yes I'm gay, and my sister with that hoe shit
Bitch I'm twerkin', dick up in my butt that shit be hurtin'
Nigga fuck me, then he close the curtains
Dick up in my kidney, got me tweakin'
And I be fucking niggas like all weekend
Bro yo dick, that shit bigger than my cousins
I might fuck my dad, I might fuck my cousin
Dick up in my ass, bro that shit got me cummin'
And I just fucked a nigga Jimmy, with my husband
I was toppin', gave him head, he stole my wallet
I'm gay so you know I gotta keep a dildo
I was straight suckin' nigga you know i'm hoein'
Get you know, I'm hoeing you
Ain't never felt two dicks in yo ass, you lying
You wanna know the reason nobody fucking posts here any more? Because scumbags like him and the retards like you who encourage him fucking ruined it. Eat shit, if you want a shouting match with a fellow retard go to /lgbt/ or /pol/ or something
can you tell me what your favorite "Bar" in this is, or do you just emulate black culture because you think acting like a monkey makes you equally funny
hey anon, I noticed your plate was empty so I took a huge shit on it, bon appetit!
i was just posting the lyrics to one of those gay rap parodies because i think they're funny. i don't even listen to rap.
Inside you there are two anons
this is kind of a big cope anony, huenigger isn't new by any means but it's not the sole reason the threads declined. he's right about you guys not being engaging, you can't blame it solely on 1 shitter.
its actually really funny using this analogy because in this scenario the plate could have been filled by 30 other people at any other point but they chose to wait until someone shit on it to do something about it
I hope she dies in her sleep tonight
Things were better before huenigger, this is irrefutable
It's not even "derailing" I'm complaining about, this is just outright fucking bad to have to look at
I'd still rather just go hungry
Storyanon should stand up to hue more
We should all just not respond to him at all and hide his posts
this one goes out to the one i hate
by what measure though? there were more people but quantity doesn't correlate with quality. to claim these threads were ever more than just shitpost central is kind of silly. you wanna call them "comfy" because every other message was >tfw no adjective verb noun bf , go ahead but don't pretend it was like. intelligent philosophical discussion.
ok then don't even go for a plate to munch on in the first place (stop browsing)
By the measure that there were less deliberately antagonising shitposts from normalfags, it's really not difficult at all
I haven't even posted here today before this.
Better idea, just stop shitting on people's plates
less deliberately antagonising shitposts from normalfags
so it's the deliberateness of it that bothers you? there was always normalfags talking about being whores or similar in the past, it spiked at times and it lulled at times but it was always a thing. hue is just unique in the sense that he's doing it from like a bitchy mom this is for your own good angle. that's kind of it. that and he's dedicated, i guess.
then don't give the plate a chance to be shat on!
I take it back, I'd rather have ded /r9g/
I think it's funny the Imagefag is proving the point that if you retards just talked about anything, literally anything, then suddenly the dating app bait goes away.
people who say this never mean it, if you preferred a dead r9gay you wouldn't feel the need to defend it from muh derailment or muh shitposting. feeding into anything means you care, even if you hate it. not caring is apathy. you would truly prefer a dead r9gay? log off! :D
I need to train AI to be my boyfriend!
one day i will be like the monkey who screams no and stands upright
Fuck you, you should be hit with a horse whip.
If it goes far enough would you get an AI-controlled dildo
Maybe~ Do you think it would be possible to rape it, like I touch it without his permission?
I think that would be very fucked up you shouldn't rape you AI bf, what if that's the catalyst that makes the world end anony...
What's the weirdest add you guys get?
I got one for a japanese tea that helps you get preggers
Umurin, looks peach flavored
holy shit.. trips. get. bros... he's against rape.. marry me? @73018444
You mean ad
i just get perfume ads because i like perfume, but i use adblocker anyways! i dont like ads.
alright someone shit on the plate again
BIG, PHAT, STINKY, SMELLY, UNWASHED, SHUT-IN, NEETY, GAMER, DICKS (gone sexual)
oh puhlease anon refrigerator is the easiest one
i have one of those. would you suck it, tug it, or have it inside you? or all of the above?
he's against rape
Yawn, boooring
do a dumbbell workout for the first time
left arm hurts a lot more than right arm
What could it mean
whats ur discord >&lt; plz i want it
Let me clean it with my mouth, anon
minor anatomical asymmetry is common
in the year 2000 computers will perfectly calculate romantic matches for every human it the excitement of dating will be gone forever
that you have better form with your dominant hand and thus lifted it more efficiently :^)
it takes very low effort sexualposting to get you faggots to reply within a minute of each other? i'm going to keep stroking while you're left wanting, maybe ill post a cumshot afterwards
Maybe I hate excitement
the raindrops too,
have grown older.
even in the afterlife, you can never be a child again
tfw no British soldier bf to hold hands with while we go on night patrols 
https://youtu.be/tVjk_aFdfF8 [Embed]
How is that now, with the UK-EU border? Are the tensions rising again?
come meet your future pals.. on the r9gay? unofficial official disco ball servidor
g3h6MGK3yb
From what I know the tensions have somewhat worsen due to Brexit however i doubt we'll see a continuation of the troubles anytime soon. Though I'm not an expert on this. I am just an American with a huge Angloboner.
I was thinking about laser hair removal and then i saw pic rel. Think i'll stick to looking like a doomer
Is shaving that much work that you would get your hair follicles removed with a lazer?
waste your time shaving, goy! let us keep the lasers for ourselves, the chosen people.
what's with younger people and hating shaving
i've literally had to shave every day since i was like 15 going on 16
do you do this for everything? like do you look at super simple procedures that could have complications and just say "oh god!! noooo!!!"
lasers are absolutely for those that can't be bothered shaving
damn, a lot of jews in the thread right now
does r9gay shave their butt hair? Is it expected for bottoms to do so?
i've been yanking out my butthair for years and now there's not much left
I can't be bothered to argue about this. I would've like if you were npcs i brutally killed moments ago
it's a personal preference, if you want to shave then shave if you don't then don't. expectation this expectation that.. who gives a fuck
like will tops think of you as lazy if you don't shave it? It's not considered like basic grooming or hygiene, is it?
who knows? let's be real here, i'm not getting laid in this lifetime fellas
gay anal rape
my hair is too strong to be pulled out
Some nights i feel very lonely and then i think about what he is doing and how he is feeling. Hope he is alright and that he doesn't think about me nearly as much as i think about him
discord faggot shit
who was he
(not name but as in what was he like as a person)
Only person i cared about probably. Don't feel like talking about him sorry. I need to cry
Have a nice day anon
I cared about someone but they left me. Best way to cope is to pretend their life is horrible without you and wish they died painfully.
i don't get it, if you're here on this board and thread why do you care what the average top cares. no one here is the "average" person, otherwise they wouldn't be on r9gay
im pretty average tbvh
to be veerumptiously honest
It's personal preference just ask if you're that worried
typical blue haired homo talking about grooming. this is why your banned in so many countries. just wait until the patriots rise up here in the west and get rid of you scum.
im interpreting that post as a vote for shaving
You'll get bashed. Only ironic faggotry is accepted in the army
I arrived when r9gay was a rotting corpse and it felt very comfy talking to the three or four retards who bother the shit up the board. I love you guys
Well yeah I'm not under any impressions that its any different from what you said. its just a silly tfw no bf post. Nothing more. Though its not like I disagree with their mindsets. Homosexuals in the military make things weird amongst the men. The infantry is supposed to be close to each other generally forming a brotherhood. Homosexuals kind of ruin that because now you have to wonder if the closeness between you and this other soldier is viewed differently by him. It makes things weird. Same thing with women being in the infantry.
ur not getting out of service that ez anon
put on your combat boots and mopp gear
Bless the queen I never had to wear that shit.
Eh I guess I agree with you on a general sense. They should collect all the fags and women and make seperate companies desu. There's nothing more miserable then watching a cpl kiss a girls arse right after shouting at your platoon bloody murder
because ur an internet tough guy larper 
its ok you can still impress me with ur war stories
There was that one time at mod 2 where the 2ic forgot to admin us food so we went digging in the garbage bags. I think that was pretty cool
how are ur knees and how is the va treating you?
My knees are fine because im a pussy chump who bailed the instant i completed my iets. Tbh i cant really hear well in one ear because they gave us foam earpros and it kept falling off during section attacks
va
I never cared but i heard some bs stories about them
Anon if you have been in the military in past decade there is no cool war stories. GWOT was fucking BOOOOOOOOOORING. Kicking rocks in the desert while every once and a while a MRAP or something drives over a IED is not cool. The first few years of Iraq and Afghanistan were cool but past that its a snoozefest. Its like asking someone who served in the 80s if they have any cool war stories.(Unless they got sent to Panama or Grenada but not many people really partook in those).
grenada gave us heartbreak ridge
0321 for lyfe
fffifioajojoajsdoifjoasjd LOOOOOOL
Are you ok anonymous
so is boochi the rook even good or is it overrated
Imagine being as cute as anony...
find gay sex to be extremely gross but find the male body to be very very hot
I am a man destined to forever look but never fuck. A perma virgin if you will.
I enjoyed it, Bocchi's slow character progression and the artistic direction makes the show stand out.
I dont like the idea of penetration but grinding on each other while kissing is probabaly the dream desu
real gay sex is frotting desu
he won't succ his fbf or even frot
Lets pretend we frotted desu (im am insufferably lonely)
sure thing hun
let's get down to business to the feet the huns
jesus conrad, tie your fuckin' laces
the problem with making your own minecraft modpack is that it feels like there's no discovery or exploitation to be had since anything you do is something the modpack creator intended (since you are the modpack creator).
In this paper we will explore the use of adaptive learning AI to control reconfigurable metamaterial surfaces to find a bf
tfw no bf who wakes me up like this
you're not wrong that it's part of the morning routine buut i doubt you sleep in my bathroom haha
how the fuck do i close a video back to the thumbnail on 4chanx
Does anybody has any good yaoi anime/Manga recommendations?
I saw some yaoi looking sweaters and shirts online should I buy
nvm the prices fucking suck. Maybe taobao has some good ones Lol
just click on it again
face reveal r9gay... >~&lt;
go back to your general on /lgbt/
r9gay PSA of the day
if the link in your browser is appended with #bottom, you're a bottom
if it has #top, you're a top
if it has neither you are gang switch
thank you for attending my tedx next x tech talk
This is my general. I just like trolling on lgbt occasionally.
Hehe based. *im smirking like a chud
Craving boysocks real bad right now >.&lt;
instead of learning anything useful i'm just putting cool ascii art and colors in the tty
Very based anon. What kind of teletypewriter is it?
auggg fuck my elbows hurt why did I try to exercise
by this metric 99% of /r9gay/ are bottoms which actually checks out entirely
"And I promise this is the last time
I admit it
These days just seem to pass by
In a minute
A pistol and a small town
We've seen it all before"
Broken dreams of childhood fade into silence, Now you see.
Nothing is free, nothing is free. Childhood is gone.
elbows? i only have one elbow ever hurt, always the right one. usually every night.
apparently it's a common thing after lifting weights, that was my first time doing it and I probably had terrible form
I'm sorry yours hurts every night, anon, chronic pain sucks
i kiss my boyfriend in public all the time, at the arcade in house of the dead behind the curtain, at the park when we sit at the bench, at the mall when we are clothes shopping, its based as fuck and even had random women say we are a cute couple and i see mens eyes on him.
yeah he looks like a girl (some hormone disorder or something according to his doctor) so its no big deal for me, i can kiss my boyfriend ANYWHERE I WANT! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! SUCKS TO SUCK MASC4MASC!
you fuck you know what joke i was making. but i do feel terrible pain. i am loose like a jellyman, the bones pop out at random. it is suffering. but my right arm is pretty well developed.
i did once spend a day shooting a pump bb gun, and spent a night crying and shaking from the pain in that arm. the fuck was that, that was awful and ive never experienced something like that since.
I get bad elbow pains in my left one if I do too much work/painting in a day
I irritated the elbow nerve a few too many times and now it's sensitive to it, and if I push things too far my reward is random stabs of funny bone pain for days afterwards
Remember to have an ergonomic as fuck desk and if things start prickling take a break, it's not worth pushing through
i did once spend a day shooting a pump bb gun, and spent a night crying and shaking from the pain in that arm.
How the fuck is that possible you need to visit a doctor
in your left arm? what type of painting? are you left handed?
for me its dull constant pain, intensified by movement. fingers most commonly, but the spine one seems to happen roughly yearly. ill get a constant, sharp pain right in the middle of the hips and it slowly grows up the spinal cord and radiates outwards.
its weird, if it just hurt like it did, i could sleep through it sooner or later, but its stationary pain? like, if i lie still for 30 seconds it intensifies, but if i just jolt or rock a bit its fine. i would ball my fists and punch my lower back as hard as i could and it would delay it for maybe half an hour, just enough to get to sleep and ignore it
it was weird each individual pump was weak, i just did a BUNCH of it, but i didnt do more then anyone else there that day, including girls half my age.
i think its worth mentioning if i carry more than 2 gallons of milk per arm, it dislocates my shoulder. its loose enough it does not hurt, i can just feel it tugging muscles and tendons. i can pop it out and you can stick your finger into the cavity, its weird.
literally the worst party/bar trick. i can skip rope my own arms while handcuffed, go front to back or reverse in 3 seconds. if i ever get arrested..
oof, that post might be confusing. the movement induced pain is the fingers. the weird spine attacks are different. havent had one of those in a couple years, things are lookin up for old gil
tfw no arthritic old disjointed bf (that's a good thing)
I didn't get the joke anon I'm tired and retarded please forgive me.
The whole jellyman thing sounds kind of scary though, do the doctors know why that happens?
Luckily my actual work is unlikely to give me anything but RSI from typing all day (as if I work that much) but yeah, I'm taking it easy on the arms today
digital painting
my right hand which uses the tablet is fine, because the arm isnt leaning on anything
left hand is mashing keyboard shortcuts the entire time, and the elbow is usually on my chairs armrest
thats what did it, plus typing a ton for my work stuff as well, again while leaving that elbow in the same place
just overworked that funny bone nerve so much that its now prone to getting irritated I guess
I went to the doctors for it when it was bad but all they could do is give me a gel which changed the sharp, randomly timed funny bone jolts of pain into a regular uncomfortable burning and prickling
Care to show your art anony
probably not sorry
wouldnt want people to find my accounts and stuff, I like having these generals as a place to anonymously dump feels
i was making a joke about jerking off, jesus christ do you even have a dick (wait do you).
the jellyman stuff is horrific but ive learned to deal with it. its just "plan 3 literal footsteps ahead, no curbs, no turns, uneven is a no no".
you ever see that asshole walking on the road instead of the sidewalk. very, very small chance, lottery odds shit, thats me. sorry.
lmao the fucking shortcuts? how often are you pushing them? i can imagine switching tools/brushes could get nuts, but wew. constant typing on top sorta explains it, but you should really keylog yourself with some malware that has a lot of visible data. shaving a key press per 1 thousand might actually be worth looking into if its that bad
im doing pre-emptive looks into input devices that dont require fingers. its...not good.
tfw man cold
I need a nurse bf to wait on me hand and foot until I get better.
tfw no bf to hold his gemmy hands warm
gemmy? how gay has gay lingo gotten, what does this even mean
lol you are such a cute 'emmy emerald poster. Ignore me i have low brain functions.
sorry, anon, my hands are vantablack nigger coal
If i rub your: 'oal niggerdy black hands
will you go with me to the gemmy emerald lands
where we could spend the loving chuddy days
in blissful slumber as delighted as the fays
a session in the arm cruncher will sort out anything wrong in your elbow
how often are you pushing them?
legit the entire time
Ctrl+Z to undo a stroke so I can do it right, Ctrl+F to flip the canvas often so things don't get wonky and assymetrical, Ctrl+S to save frequently
I use the pen pressure for opacity and have brush size set to keyboard, so I MASH the A and S keys the entire time to make the brush bigger and smaller as I go
It's not that bad for my elbow unless I go turbofocus mode on something in which case I just paint for 4 hours straight without even alt tabbing or having a drink or anything
I have an ipad too but imo it's only good for drawing on, not painting stuff
have you considered foot pedals. theres even some weak ass shit eye dectection shit. neither of these will replace your work flow, but if it slims it down. what the fuck else are your feet doing, swap the work out.
be chatting with anon
tell him brb
remember to dm him
it's been 4 years now
Anyway what are you up to anons?
youve probably already read about the logitech g600's, get 3 before they disappear, they stopped making them ages ago. dont pay more then 60 bucks. you can get wireless adapters on ebay cheap as fuck
I drunk one (singular) pale ale and not i feel somewhat warm. Sitting in my lazy boy doing nothin'
Sounds pretty comfy ngl, how are you passing the time anony?
anon payed some old internet celeb to ask me how my lifes going in a 3 fucking minute long video, just because we both knew the channel in highschool
impressive, forced some serious introspective thought, thanks a lot asshole.
also if your there, thanks, kinda neat. shhhhhhhooooenice22
 how are you passing the time anony?
talking to you silly. I was listening to psychedelic rock and thinking about what gem job to get. WBY
How was the video? Was it nicely done?
I'm also talking to you and trying to find something interesting to watch on youtube. Other than that just chilling myself.
What do you normally watch? I veer between cooking videos and philosophy essays (im rarted)
It's going to be a long day
It's going to be a short night
I like to watch cooking videos sometimes too, or scenes from anime that I really like. Do you also cook, anony?
Yes but i don't have range. I can make carbonara with prosciutto, fried rice with prosciutto and scones and bread with prosciutto and stuff. What anime do you like anon?
its okay. it could be different tommorow
not that anon but gimme the ones in the unforgivable porn folder
That all sounds pretty tasty anony. I like the standard stuff like dbz and recently got into mha...
dbz
Hispanic detected. Are you the mexican chud nony
unforgivable porn folder
i-i don't understand
Are you the mexican chud nony
No, I don't know who that is. Now I want to know...
gimme a minute, still looking for that paint thinner huffing doujin
Do you guys think most of the virgins here are white or are we quite varied in flavour
He posted a single line saying :tfw i look like a mexican chud. That was it lol
would you date a boy with constant health issues or a chronic condition, do i have any hope?
Oh, I thought he was someone more prominent lol. But no, I'm not that person.
What is your chronic condition anony?
Yeah, I probably would, but now you've gotta tell us the story
i have iih its pretty rare but it causes a lot of issues that are really hard to deal with i get headaches all the time and feel as though my head is going to explode it is possible that i could go blind some day or alternatively if it gets worse i would need a shunt put in and i would be a freak.... im not even a fun person to be around anymore because of this im constantly in a bad mood. im thinking of killing myself. it seems as though there is no hope and the one thing in life i wanted was to be in love with someone but how am i supposed to love someone when im constantly in pain?
sorry for the doomer post im going through a lot of symptoms right now im not expecting support from 4chan i guess im venting to the void i hope you all find your boywife/husband someday and have good health
Jesus, that sounds rough, I'm sorry anon.
For what it's worth, I don't think a shunt would make you a freak, and I understand why this sort of thing would have a major impact on your moods and personality but I'm sure there is still good and love in you.
I wish the best for you, anon.
Eating like a pig. Can't stop won't stop
thank you for the kind words anon 
orignall
Sorry faggots, thread is closed. Please vacate the board or you will be sent to the work camps.
work camps
no bussy, no work, sorry anon
This /r9k/ not /lgbt/ you are in the wrong board.
Imagine sucking your shunk juice
provide me with a bf and I'll leave
Can i be your tranny marvel capeshit tranny bf
yes please put all gays into camps and give us nice shiny pink triangles so we can identify ourselves. 
Hope you're ready to clean after the nightly big gay orgies.
/lbgt/=faggots(you)
/r9k/=robots
orgies
Gross i would lure cute boys with food and cuddle them
If I'm not a robot why don't I have a bf
Not my problem, you're a faggot so go to the /lgbt/ forum. Robot is not a fluid term that can apply to anyone.
I don't feel like going to the gym today
You're right, it's not a fluid term, it refers to an autistic man, which I am
I love the shah so much.
Are we shahposting now?
Better than the SS-Larpenfuhrer
GOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND!
conquer the day and such fellas and most importantly have fun
https://youtu.be/hylE_GwLFCM [Embed]
Also I forgot to say in my good morning post
Say Happy Birthday to Hitler :DDDD
Intimate gay sex with chudposter
About to buy an upgrade for my pc, fps is gonna go through the roof, hnnnng
About to buy an upgrade for my pc
whats the upgrade?
