I have obsessive thoughts about letting dommy fat guys fuck me, creampie and breed me. How do i cure this
Get bred by a dommy fat guy
Where is he doe ;-;
Why dommy fag exactly? Would you want him to eat pizzas and drink beers after abusing you
As a fat guy I would rather be degraded.
I wanna have him grab me with his big arms and bounce me on his cock
Or have him fuck me against a wall with hid belly pressing against me
l don't know what this is.
BFC only pussy
By not being a faggot, getting fresh air and stop having tranny fantasies bro.
But i am not a bro anon, does that make it worse? And trannies like kids actually
You wiII never be a woman, friend.
I have a pussy and ovaries anon
And i wanna get filled up by a fat guy
This thread and those threads were made by the same person, weren't they?
Stop making everything about trannies, they hijak everything enough as is
How do you even look in the mirror like this and think you're making good decisions in life.
Do fat guys like short girls with attitude?
I'd fill ya up if you live in south carolina. But alas, only nogs live here. I can't make a quadroon and live with myself.
are you a small built girl, what made you into ojisan cock
I would be down for this but you'd have to do most of the work because I'd get exhausted.
Small but with big assets back and front, very slight belly you don't notice unless i'm naked and just ate a meal
I like the idea of a big guy who is squishable and looks cute but could wreck my shit, also i love the taboo of it
sounds cozy, do you have favorite doujin/hentai, if you do the tshirt thing would you have a curvy hourglass shape despite being small, what do you tihnk about mating press, what is your favorite postion, do you have any other degenerate fetish like piss or something
Rule 30 there are no women on the Internet. Nice bait tho
I'm retarded
Meant for 
can u post the shirt thing, i sneed...
also what does cumplay entail, and latex, like wearing sexy latex clothes or wearing one of those latex outfits that make you a onahole cumtoy
Not gonna post pic i'm sorry anon ): 
