https://voca.ro/166PWbUHCLI4
how do you feel about the fact youll never be a woman and youll never have a uterus
fpbp
/thread
pack it up boys
epic own! you really showed me
If a man wanted to be with you, is he gay? Because I think he is.
why did you do it
how was your youth
You dont really sound trans to me. Anyway, hope youre happier now. :)
haha Big Soph 
Big Dick Soph
Burly Man Soph
The Butch Bloke known as Soph
insert the
meme
i did it because i was incredibly dypshoric. i started hrt at 19 after being chronically in a state of dissociation and suicidal ideation since the onset of puberty 
i would stare at my feet for hours wondering when they would stop growing
i would stare at my dick when i was 9 hoping it would go away 
i was absolutely disgusted when i started growing body hair 
thanks :)
Because you have a mental disorder I am not going to tell you this and that because mental disorders are blinded by their own abuse. So instead I will just say
Where the hell are my keys? I've looked everywhere and cannot for the life of me find them
you dont really sound trans desu
check under the couch
Can you tell us about your experience with starting HRT after puberty?
I'm seriously wondering what is your real voice ?
Do you actively try to sound girly or it just come natural ?
You legend !! they WERE under the couch, you saved me a whole day of looking for them damn keys, Well this was a fruitful thread
https://voca.ro/1aVnV5r7Upik
it sucks, tbdesu, i mean i started at 19, which isnt AWFUL, (still possibiltiy of pelvic rotation/hip growth), and I was put on Adderall right before i turned 15 which has been shown to lower the potency of puberty which helped. and i was FAT during puberty which raises estrogen levels
but, transitioning after puberty is horrible. i constantly compare myself to youngshits (who started at like 12-15) and it ruins my day because of how good they look in comparison.
but, at the end of the day, i started at 19, and not like 30. 
wait real? cool :)
Are the differences to starting in the 12-15 range really that significant? How important is 'passing' to you? Would you describe yourself as 'passing'?
I'm trying not to fall into the "ywnbaw" but I am curious because yea, you will never be a woman, you'll always be a tranny, so why bother? Virtually nobody will ever see you as a woman, though they might pretend out of pity. No real homosexual women would date you because they're only attracted to women, same is true of men. 
Those poor groomed children, fucking hell.
differences
yes they are absolutely significant
the more puberty you go through => the more testosterone your body is exposed to => the less likely to pass
and its exponential
like id say 25 is a hard limit desu
after that it is very hard to pass
how important
very. in this current political and social climate, i want nobody to be able to tell im trans
its a legitimate safety concern
no
like i said, dont bother
Was there a certain point that you really got that you were trans or was it slow and gradually been sprouting in your head?
oops forgot name thingy
Would you tell a potential partner?
What makes you say you don't pass? Has something happened in real life to make you think that? Or is there something about you that you see as a 'giveaway'?
Seriously though, you will never be a woman, you'll always be a trans-woman. You'll always require that modifier, because you simply cannot become what you desire.
pic
yes
ive been gendered like 3 times in the past 6 months and its been all male
Are you hot 
48rbr8ejd
forgot the pic46346
Could you tell us about the being gendered thing? Are you presenting as female and someone accidentally calls you "he" or "him"? Or do you mean a bigot has deliberately shouted abuse? What do you think provoked the misgendering?
Could you tell us about the being gendered thing?
being called sir and what you said
Are you presenting as female and someone accidentally calls you "he" or "him"?
yeah this
Or do you mean a bigot has deliberately shouted abuse?
this has never happened ot me thankfully
they saw me as male
none of it was aggressive or hostile
Useful question for me: I'm a cis man and my voice is really high pitch (maybe a slightly more high pitch than your natural voice), I have been looking at FtM voice training things but if I do that, will I have to be forcing my voice all the time? If that is the case, I am not sure if I will have all the range of sounds that on needs while laughing, telling a story or whatever. Seems very restrictive.
Another option is to inject test or whatever, maybe I have low test idk but it seems dangerous as you can get infertile.
will I have to be forcing my voice all the time?
if you use it all the time, i don't think so
get it tested friendo
If you are presenting as female - ie long hair, women's clothes, etc - I can't believe someone would call you "sir" as an honest mistake. That sounds deliberate to me. What makes you think it was accidental / natural for them to see you as a man?
i dont pass
In what way, though? Your voice is more 'feminine' than many 'real' women. Are you taller than the average girl? Hairier? What do you think is the 'giveaway' feature?
will you livestream your suicide, trannybro?
what are your standards for guys? do you consider yourself an incel? why are 90% of trans people I know transbiens?
also, you sound like qtcinderella btw
Are you taller than the average girl?
yes
an yguy that is semi-attractive, isn't obese, isnt racist or a right winger
idk
oh i love her!!!
semi-attractive
post pic of what this is? mostly just curious
lol
You will regret this choice for the rest of your life (3 months).
Hows yer cock?
Is your hair natural or do you wear wigs? Is it long? Also, how has the HRT affected your penis (if you still have one)?
idk it depends on the guy 
tiny
my hair is natural see pic
it made it smaller
i dont cum anymore at all (i orgasm but i dont cum anything unless its really intense)
and yes i still have one ive only been on hrt for 2.5 years
Are your orgasms different from before? If you aren't a virgin, do you top or bottom? Is it pleasant or dysphoria inducing when a partner touches your penis?
It's not about being a woman. It's about looking like one for sexuality reasons and societal benefits. Only delusional trans people believe they are actually women. Most chill trans people know that'll never be the case, but they make do by functioning in society as much of a woman as possible which includes others threating them like they are one (if they pass well). No well adjusted transgender gets upset when you tell them they are never going to be a woman, because they know or should know by the time of HRT and surgeries. If they have not made peace with this, then no procedure will fix them. But most have. It's just the unfortunate case that the loud ones you associate with all transgender people are the mentally ill who either put no effort into passing or have unrealistic expectations of the proccess and then demand everyone to treat them like they pass when they don't. Most transpeople are not like that. They often "boymode" until they are 200% sure they can socially transition.
Yes, it is a mental illness. Yes, most transpeople know that. Yes, the bodily transitioning doesn't solve the body dysmorphia for everyone. However it eases it for most and it seems like transitioning with therapy is the best form of "treatment" for now. The treatment doesn't make anyone a woman. But if successful, it is close enough to live life socially as one.
And before you mention it. No, involving children is not okay. People who do that trans or not, should be jailed and made sure their inmates know why they are serving time.
They often "boymode" until they are 200% sure they can socially transition.
this is what im doing
yes
i am a bottom
pleasure
mostly oral or anal? how important would you say it is for you to orgasm during sex with a partner?
anal
important
Have you ever thought about detransitioning? Would your life be significantly different as a gay femboy than as a straight transwoman? What would the difference be?
Have you ever thought about detransitioning?
a few times, but the thought of ever masculinizing again scares the shit out of me, a few times i have run out of my blocker and it was terrible
i will never go on testosterone ever again
the difference between living as a man vs a woman
being on testosterone vs being on estrogen
Which bathroom do you use?
the mens ro.om
How does the HRT work dosage wise? Are you self medicating or are you prescribed?
I take 6 mg of Estradiol Valerate injection ( i do the injecting ) every 5 days
i also take 100 mg progesterone, and i wanted to add on a dht blocker (i was and am petrified of dht) 
and im on 100 mg spironolactone which i need to get off of
and i am prescribed. i went to a trans clinic in boston
That's the only thing I care about hearing from OP. OP, how does it feel to know you'll NEVER be a real woman? Fippy bippy, FPBP, /thread.
Damnnnn, she's fucking fine. Source???
How does it feel knowing that those drugs are destroying your IQ (I'm 100% sure you were borderline clinically retarded to begin with) and also destroying your body? How does it feel to be a clinically retarded subhuman piece of shit? Picrel is you.
you have a chance to ask an actual question to an actual trans person and you do this
so boring
how long do you plan to wait before you kys
im not gonna kms
would you suck my dick and be my housewife
maybe idk it depends
trannies are diamond dozen around here
i'm trans too im happy to meet another tranny
It's "dime a dozen", anon.
Why are trannies so self absorbed? All you do is post pictures of yourselves, talk about yourselves, or talk about being trans.
if they didn't you wouldn't know they were trans and you wouldn't count it as "tranny talking about normal thing" dumbass
not real trans people
hi
great, glad you'd consider it
first day? you should turn 360 and walk away buddy
of0ruse :)
one final bumporeeg
where can i find trans women to hookup with online? i'm hung at 9x6 inches but i literally can't find any.
grindr. lots of trannies o ngriner
How do you know if you are trans?
idk. i cant speak for everyone
only you can answer that
Why do you sound like contrahon
Were you bullied as a kid? Serious question.
Are there tranny doms? Are you a tranny dom?
yes i was
yeah there are . 
no im very submissive
What would say is the border between like a cis man wanting to be a woman and a man that should transition. I feel I'm at that border. I did a few online tests for fun (I mean I did know I kinda wanted to be a woman since like 9) and like they generally diagnose me with like a slight indication of gender dysphoria, although occasionally they won't or will diagnose me with more serious dysphoria.
How do you feel about moving in with a man and being his slave? Nothing abusive and still a lot of intimacy but you'd be expected to do anything he says without hesitation.
