when will it get better? i just cant
i got no one
i just fill my brain with noise so i can cope
It doesn't. Some people are just born to be alone.
This. But also OP you'd be surprised how common this is, people's ego just likes to diminish and play it off.
I'm not going to say its good, we're fucked as a generation - the ones before us sold our future. ie; pre-millenials
Best thing you can do is enjoy your alone time, because that's all some people get. Otherwise use the anger and strike out, or use it as fuel to get to a better position and spit on people below you from above.
I used to be a moralfag about these things but I can understand the personal justifications now. World's awful anyway.
Lmao who the fuck lives in the first world and still works minimum wage? Get an education. Can't get one? Join military. Fucking poorfags it's not hard to achieve a decent middle class lifestyle even with zero support from family.
Wtf basically my life.
Nothing changes. Its just alcohol and cigarettes scrolling 4chan then 8 hours at walmart. Forever
and how the fuck is that making a life any less empty, boomer?
used to do the same in a shitty foundry job. required everything i had to get through one shift. would go home and either drink myself dead or smoke weed until there was nothing but my shell left. 
in my country working at sea is lucrative so i've been gathering experience where i can. unlike my old shitty job there are actually opportunities to advance beyond advancing to foreman and getting basically the same wage except a fuckload of responsibility, at sea its way better.
dunno what the fuck to while at home but at least its almost like neeting.
idk anon sounds like you're in an impossible to fix situation
if you want to break the cycle you have to break the cycle.
drugs and old cartoons might be harmful. you need to take a deep hard look and figure out if there really is nothing you can do. can you not change jobs? do you have zero socialization opportunities?
really is nothing you can do. can you not change jobs? 
no i barley got this one (im a garbage man) 
basically before my mom kicked me out i used to go outside day and night talk to people etc i mean things never worked out and now im 2 tired to do anything
i barley manage to brush my teeth and put a frozen pizza in the oven
but this could also just be my crippling depression
its not about the money i grew up very poor i used to steal nutmeg to get high cuz i couldnt afford it so like i do fine financially
like i all pay is rent/food/drugs
bo point in buying material things anyways
ya and that your job is tiring as hell. how long have you had it? would being a driver be better? cant you stow away some money and get certs to do something else? if you have a few years of experience and an okay reference or confirmation that you did in fact work there for years with decent attendance a lot of your past shit is washed away.
half a year now its my first job
idk what the fuck to do i unironically think suicide is the only option but im to much of a pussy
stick with it for another year. you'll get used to it. look for inspiration for what you want to do instead. save money for courses or classes you need later. ease on the drugs and cartoons.
i used to work a shitty foundry job that made wanna kms. sticked with it for 4 years because it was the only thing i was comfortable doing. quit eventually, one of the best calls i made. experience isn't relevant to anything outside there but it served me well when applying for jobs. nobody gave a shit about my shitty grades and piss poor attendance in school anymore.
It doesn't get better but at least you have drugs. I don't even have drugs :(
cant you join the army or work oil fields or some shit? if you're young and eligible you should give it serious thought before its too late.
Welcome to the club buddy, I think most people who actually belong here are in the exact same scenario.
It's a sick joke dude, the rich fags keep us trapped in this 9-5 hell on fear alone while they party all night and engage in hedonistic shit.
I cope that AI will disrupt society and take most jobs and we get UBI I dunno
someone should make a book or movie where AI is actually the good guys aligned with poor people.
There's one guy here who's adamant on AI becoming disruptive in 5 to 10 years. If you see him talk to him, he can provide military grade copium about AI. I don't fully trust him because he's high as fuck on his own supply, but still.
this will make everything even worse
how is this supposed to help
i dunno, break the cycle
Haha ye it always happens haha ye I remember the thousands of times I had sex and this happened haha
lil zoomie kek, nigger are you 19? fucking hell this board is hilarious
stay mad gramps youre gonna die soon and no one will miss you
