muh wahmen don't care about muscles
you shouldn't be doing it for women
waah waaah there's no gym for your face
there's a gym for your repulsive pillsbury doughboy gut or skelefaggot build
Getting a workout routine is one of the best things you can do. 
Regular exercise gives you healthy dopamine rewards. >Regular exercise can give you a solid base to organize your daily routine. 
Regular exercise WILL make your body prettier and will increase your self worth. 
Regular exercise will make basic simple things like moving shit around easier
It will also improve your cardiorespiratory system. Some of you shriveled lung fucks need cardio.
You don't even need to start with weightlifting, hell just start jogging every day, or swimming if you prefer and have the means to. Cardio is good.
inb4 "just hit the gym COPE" demoralization posters
If you decide not to exercise because it won't get you pussy you're a pathetic nihilistic worm man and should kill yourself instead of trying to put other men down on chinese basket weaving forums.
youre trying way too hard, this reads like something an edgy mormon would write
Meh I'll start lifting when I finish schooling this August. I come home so mentally drained most days that I just eat a meal and pass the fuck out. I'm a permanently skinny lanklet anyway I look better than 90% of men my age by simply fixing my hair in the morning.
Mormons are pretty cool thougever. And you should still exercise.
regular exercise wont help the fact u are white
If you already look good then working out will make you look even better. Why use your two remaining brain cells and faded muscle strength to post on r9k when you could be using that time to do literally anything else? 20 SIT UPS FOR THIS POST RIGHT NOW
Will make day to day activities/lifts easier
Meanwhile when I'm sore and recovering I don't want to move anything...because I'm sore and recovering.
I am not a hwite (Yakub ape) >though
you should really start using the time you use for racebait propaganda 2 exercise maybe you wouldn't be such a pathetic faggot then
you shouldn't be doing it for women
Only reason I'd give a shit about, homo.
yakub ape
based and yes sir im off to lift sir
If you're feeling this sore from recovering so frequently to the point where you can't do shit then you gotta get yourself checked out or something
Fuck the gym. It's filled with attention whores, women who are looking to start trouble, and faggots.
I work out alone at home.
An no, I am not reading your dumb homosexual rant.
I tried but the family doctor said my test levels are fine and I don't need any boosters.
As expected because why would they help give a male more testosterone?
I'm really tired man, of everything. Lifting just makes me more miserable when I get to see my failures and miniscule progress. It isn't even correct to call it progress because an untrained guy can do more right off the bat.
You won't get women because you're an incel deformed chinlet faggot manlet but also fat and gay. You could try to look less fat and gay at least or kill yourself
Wish I could homegym you are swagsauced
Are you on any medication? How's your diet? Can you or your family afford a good personal trainer who can account for your limitations? At least try some low impact exercise
No medication but I sleep roughly 4 hours a day at most because wagecucking ruins any notion of rest. Mentally I can't de-stress. Its been like this for a decade. Diet is currently eat once a day, I was doing keto beforehand/eating around 2k cal a day with 110g of protein. I gave up with lifting for 2 years now hence the once a day.
I think the crux of my issue is the lack of sleep (As well as low testosterone that will not be supplemented unless I go the route of injecting/ordering online, which isn't something I should be doing considering my physical capability being low)
I can't fix the sleep because I have to work a job, I can't get neetbux. Some people are just meant to fail and seen as a "You don't want to end up like that guy" target. Anyway, thanks for trying. Just venting.
you shouldn't be doing it for women
so why should i hit the gym?
so i can be more attractive to insecure faggots like yourself?
theres no merit to going to the gym
your FACE IS UGL Y
your AUTISM IS REPULSIVE
your BONES ARE YOUR LIFE
fucking faggot. enjoy lifting for absolutely nothing, as tall skinny nw0 chad fucks your oneitis
Regular exercise gives you healthy dopamine rewards
you can do that without going to the gym, which if full of wanaba zyzz faggots and normies and women who mock you in tiktok videos and people who laugh at you
just exercise outside the gym you fucking brainlet. i take nightwalks. they are comfy, free, normie-free, and relaxing
Gym is just a less obvious avenue of consumerist faggotry
Calisthenics and cardio are all a man needs for health and wellness
Absolutely rabid. Stop eating processed food, your goystrogen impotent rage is showing. Keep /nightwalk/ing tho.
No I'm not drinking onions lecithin protein powders or any of that shit. "ooo you're paying a gym membership/weights for homegym you're consooming" stop eating then. Sell your house. Good on you if you already have an exercise routine, doesn't matter if it's calisthenics or cardio.
I hadn't seen your reply. Your situation is bad and I hope you can escape it eventually. You need to force yourself to eat more red meat, healthy carbohydrates , fruit and vegetables. Sleep and food are half the battle. I understand it must be extremely tough having to wagecuck like this. I wish you the best and I hope you can make it eventually.
shut up gymcell cuck
insecure faggot cuck
lifting for girls but in denial about it, cuckold
"WOW BRO THAT GUYS LOOKS INCREDIBLE, YOU MUST GET LAID, HAHA"
and youre such a insecure faggot you push your insecurities on others
KEKOLD
here is a tier list of what you should have if you want pussy, you simp in denial faggot. muscles are perhaps the most irrelevant waste of time for pussy, which is something you DONT GET
---
S TIER
- nt
A TIER
- face
- height/frame
- skinny
- race
- nw0
- dickpill
B TIER
- turbo fame
- hygiene
C TIER
- money
- muscles
---
the best advice you can give people is be skinny, when it comes to exercise. thats it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPbF6BlmzV4 [Embed]
Umm actually... you're just in denial! you're lifting for pussy because... because I can tell! I just can
Projecting, retarded, and also face mogs being nt
lol
keeping lifting and pushing your insecurities onto others, faggot
lol
BRO, I DONT EVEN CARE ABOUT GIRLS, HAHA, JUST INJECT CANCER CAUSING STEROIDS SO YOU CAN GET JACKED AND FEEL GREAT! HAHA!
I CANT EVEN ARGUE ITS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH, BECAUSE STEROIDS CAUSE CANCER AND HEART DISEASE, HAHA!
a decade ago you faggots were pushing this shit because you claimed it got girls
now only red pill faggots push this shit claiming it gets you pussy
it does nothing for you, besides getting you compliments from men
just LOL, gymcell cuck
Projecting, retarded
oh yeah, bro. you're the one claiming not to care for pussy, and pretending its not a big deal
you're the one pretending that most people who lift arent doing it for girls
just fucking LOL
Thank you for not beating me over the head and saying I'm not trying hard enough. I don't see things changing but I'm a little surprised at the empathy. Thank you.
lifting weights will replace all the childhood and adolescent social milestones I missed any day now
HOW TALL ARE YOU
SIR, 5'9" SIR
I DIDN'T KNOW THEY STACKED SHIT THAT HIGH
Why do you care if other people lift or the reasons they lift? If it's truly a fools errand why don't you just ignore it entirely? No one's forcing you to work out; life is hard and people try to find meaning by pushing themselves in a variety of skills and disciplines
Regular exercise gives you healthy dopamine rewards.
My brain can't enjoy dopamine anymore.
Regular exercise can give you a solid base to organize your daily routine. 
I'm basically incapable of routine regardless, adding more responsibilities isn't going to improve that.
Regular exercise WILL make your body prettier and will increase your self worth. 
I don't base my self worth around my social value as a mate to normgroids.
Regular exercise will make basic simple things like moving shit around easier
I have no problem doing things like moving trailer tongues already.
It will also improve your cardiorespiratory system. Some of you shriveled lung fucks need cardio.
No I don't.
Wtf is nt and nw0?
Also imagine putting money in anything else but S tier, the world is more than rich spoiled western thots
I curled 50 pound dumbells after squatting my bodyweight (185) for 7 sets of 5.
Am I strong?
Like right after I reracked the barbell I saw to 50lb dbs next to me and picked them up immediately
Strong arms weak legs
Duncan Trussell says any time he has some really good advice for someone, rather than sharing the advice, he just takes the advice himself and saves himself the trouble. I'm sick of giving advice online and nobody wants to listen. I just get the good results and keep them for myself.
Sun Tzu says that one pickle from your enemy's provenda is worth ten of your own. I'm sick of draining my people of their substance. I just keep my enemy's goods and let the peasants keep their grain.
lifting and jumping rope every day doing HIIT in 2019 got me out of a slump, helped me get a job and reorganize myself. now I'm a little fatter and richer, but still have a solid base of muscle to work with.
Literally the other way round, girls like rich weirdos, probably still face > muscles but overall u got that list the wrong way up
Nah
It's my feet and ankles that are weak
That's interesting but what does it have to do with exercise or advice?
exercise
One must exercise the utmost in strategic thought when waging war
advice
One must keep in mind the principles of warfare when waging it. See previous post.
