why do moids complain about not having tradwives or girls with conservative values when they themselves don't actually want any of the responsibility that comes with it?
i wish i had a stay at home wife that would cook and clean and raise the kids
okay, are you cool with paying for everything, including food, clothing, and entertainment so me and our kids are enriched and comfortable?
REEEEEEEEEEE GOLD DIGGER SHUT UP YOU ONLY WANT MEN FOR THEIR MONEY
o...kay
i wish i had a small petite gf who's feminine and pure
okay, and are you masculine and physically fit enough to balance that energy, and protect your gf if need be?
REEEEEEEEEEEE FUCKING STACIES ONLY WANT TO DATE CHADS REEEEEEEEEEE
uh.... okay
women should be complacent and subservient, and obey their husbands
sure, and are you competent and refined enough to make those types of decisions without input?
REEEEEEEE WOMEN HAVE TOO HIGH EXPECTATIONS, WHY CANT I AS A NEET FIND A WIFE???????
your crush isnt a stacy or a whore, she's just not interested in dating a fat pale loser with no relevant skills in today's world
strawman, strawnan, strawman [...]
just go back to tiktok already you LARPing fag.
Its okay dude, dont bother. Theyre not ready for that pill kek
I would absolutely work as much as I can so my wife can stay at home
Unfortunately the job market sucks has been so fucked up that it's hard to do that
i just want someone to love me and won't throw herself to anyone, is that too hard to understand?
This relationship is suppose to be about love, nothing else matters. Loving the person, not some collection of attributes. This isn't some business trade. Everyday I become more and more convinced that women are incapable of love.
sorry my 4chan post isn't written with PhD-level ethos and logos you retard
They're capable of love, but can only love men that are better than they are.
maybe it's just you who are incapable of love anon
No one wants a tradwife, they just want a loving gf.
didnt read.
whachu gon' do
And what do you offer? Love? Everybody offers that. So why you over anyone else? All human relationships are transactional.
okay, and are you masculine and physically fit enough to balance that energy, and protect your gf if need be? 
You're right. I cannot provide that, and I likely never will be able to because I'm a lazy bum at heart.
okay, are you cool with paying for everything, including food, clothing, and entertainment so me and our kids are enriched and comfortable?
yes
okay, and are you masculine and physically fit enough to balance that energy, and protect your gf if need be?
yeah, can bench 3pl8
uh.... okay
yeah
sure, and are you competent and refined enough to make those types of decisions without input?
yes
