Has anyone here ever managed to actually beat their addiction to porn/masturbation?
Nigga no. This is a yellow board.
i beat off like every other day and it's whatever, i could do without it if there was something else to do, don't really care for 3d porn much at all and very rarely view it, still think life is total garbage, you're not some wojak beastman caricature just because you touch your penis, nobody actually cares and you let yourself get mindfucked by greasy 4chanites
I did yeah.
By just not fucking doing it anymore, I don't know. I don't have a more detailed answer than that. I just decided to stop
Yeah. I felt a lot more confident and mentally healthy. I was more positive during that time. However the downside was that after enough time passed I became incredibly frustrated and aggravated. It made >tfw no gf about 100x more painful. I was in constant intense mental anguish over how lonely and horny I felt. I don't think porn is good but not jerking off at all is just torture
For a while I was drinking so much that I had basically no drive to jack off and could barely get it up
I defeated my porn addiction but not my masturbation addiction. I backslide often but I'm working on it.
just go to therapy to cure your shame of cooming, there's nothing wrong with cooming. Don't fall for christcuckery or normie ideology about forcing yourself to fuck your ugly 3D wife
never considered it an addiction. i wank maybe once or twice a day if i'm home. usually to some fucked up degenerate prison gay shit.
it's an easiest addiction to beat. you go outside. you talk to people.
this 
if you cant get a gf do not even think of starting nofap, you are not ready for this torment
I did, basically ruined my only serious relationship, i got sad and quit, it also helps that i dont have an addictive personality. 
4chan also partly helped, i used to be into degenerate shit but seeing /pol/ACKS seethe about troons made me stop doign shit like trying to fuck troonies or hook up with fags or just talk to girls with no intention besides fucking them.
jerking off is fine, porn is what rots your brain.
Yes (for 24 hours now)
Most I've gone since I was a teen was 2 weeks. Remembering that you didnt need to masturbate until you started is a thought that can help but the absolute foolproof method is to just stay busy, I find my worst days are when I have absolutely no obligations that day and fap when I wake up, once or twice midday then again in the evening.
You have to view porn and fapping not as a crutch but as a poison, it does literally NOTHING to help you even if you can use cope to convince you it does. I haven't even thought about fapping today until now because I kept busy and did stuff that actually brought me fulfillment instead of using the hollow cope of fapping.
tldr just like, stop doing it man.
There's no point. I didn't jerk it for 3 weeks once and I didn't magically get a girlfriend.
I stopped caring. Most addictions in my life were only problems because of my perception. I don't care if I'm a loser, there is no fixing my situation. I'll masturbate, drink, and smoke as much as I want.
