Can a bald, 5'10, average looking, 34 year old line cook get a qt 18 year old alt gf?
no
its over for you
enjoy living for the next 40 years alone without prime teenage pussy
who is this girl? I've seen pics of her on here before
no. you are mentally ill for desiring a girl that's not similar to you. every one who wants somebody romantically that isn't more less their match is mentally ill
yes if you have a decent amount of money coming in. 7.5k/month should do the trick if you're non-white trying to get a white girl and 6-7k/month is you're white trying to get a white girl.
get a qt 18 year old alt gf?
maybe a trap
a line cook unironically could, i have witnessed this shit often. 
young waitresses coming in to work in a place where almost everyone does coke, they wanna fit in, do the drugs, fuck the guys, yadda yadda
you are scum if you do it, but you can
How the fuck is he so perfect looking for a feminine twink. It would be my dream to look like this
That's a woman anon. Who tf do you think this is?
Unironically yes. Get fit, develop an (over)confident personality, get access to drugs, and when approaching her don't give her a choice. I don't mean that in a rapey way, but rather don't literally ask her if she wants to hang out or smoke weed, but instead playfully yet still confidently say something like "you and me are smoking pot when this shift is over" and other shit like that. Take charge of the situation and guide her through whatever night you want to have with her instead of forcing her to make the decision herself (again, without being rapey) and you'll have what you want.
38 y/o here. Not bald (either shave it all off or get some meds), healthy, no tats, normal job...but I play bass and like sludge, stoner, and doom. I get really nice looking alt girls frequently. have concert tickets and drugs. oh, and a car and a house. those also help. not 18, tho. that's way to fucking young for me. girls that age are annoying af.
also 18-yo girls give toothy blowjobs. it hurts. if you can go downtown reasonably well, you CAN melt their brain and watch them go into an orgasm-induced seizure. if only they had a "mute" button.
"you and me are smoking pot when this shift is over"
This sounds like terrible fucking advice and seems super cringey. But, at the end of the day, I don't know anything about getting with women
But from what I've seen, women tend to make the first move when they like a guy. If you feel that you have to resort to something like this to take hang out with a girl, you should seriously brace yourself for something chaotic to happen as a result of that phrase.
I also would vehemently refrain from using a line like this on any girl that you have to see regularly in class or at work.
a 46 yo south korean man get married a jap woman who is 20 years younger than him just because he is good looking and wealthy 
looks and money is the magic
sounds like terrible fucking advice
You don't literally just blurt out lines like that out of fucking nowhere. You need the right context within an ongoing conversation where you're commiserating on how much you're both tired of the night's bullshit for example and the groundwork has already been laid for a more personal relationship rather than something more formal between coworkers. Become her buddy first, then float idea of smoking pot, just the idea. If she's receptive, then that's your in. Then you wait for the right moment on the right night to drop a line like that. Don't just blurt it out like some autistic faggot. Fuck me you people are hopeless.
I don't know anything about getting with women
women tend to make the first move
 brace yourself for something chaotic
 refrain from using a line like this on any girl that you have to see
You sound unbelievably timid. You need to do a lot of work on yourself.
Traps might be more choosey than women desu
playfully yet still confidently say something like "you and me are smoking pot when this shift is over"
How do I get a job as a line cook? No experience but Im a pretty decent chef at home.
A full haired 6'1 above average looking 34 yo hot shot lawyer have the same odds.
Point being
It's something about personality and other parts of the self.
It's possible but since you are asking you aren't this type of person now, but I'm trying to make a point about the stats you quoted being irrelevant to the property acquisition in question. It's something else.
I am sure desire can make excuses for anything.
I dont think you have to do drugs like the other poster is suggesting with waitresses line of reasoning
You shouldn't become inauthentic at all
