lets have an incel thread without the misogyny this time
Ok sure ano-FUCK ROASTIES!
Sorry i couldn't help myself.
I wish I could atleast have a career or a good job going.
Can you have sex and still be a incel?
I think yes.
I think of inceldom like you cant find a long term relationship.
So yeah i have sex but im still a femcel because i cant find a husband(thats worth my time and not some 1/10 dusty) to put a ring on my finger.
Are you virgin too?
Don't derail the thread with your stupid bait?
nice bait, i know i'm not an incel because i could probably pull tail if i had fewer scruples about doing so, but i'm looking to get hitched.
I am an obese incel loser
and a 27 year old virgin
but don't hate women
ofcourse, I'm a wizard.
Will you lose it to some whore just for the novelty if being permavirgin becomes reality?
Honestly, I never even thought about losing my virginity to a whore because it wasnt the thing I was looking for. I dont judge guys who use such services because they probably want physical sex with no strings attached whenever I want intimacy and validation (despite having AvPD).
What stops your from getting women?
The mix of several things
I was an incel for most of my life and I was never even a little misogynistic. I knew I only had myself to blame. I really don't understand misogynists and other bigots.
These traits keep repeating among incels. The society should look at this problem.
I think women are hated not because they dont give incels sex but because they lead to downfall of society by incel logic. Then there are people who think that pointing out women and people in general prefer looks above everything else are misogynists.
They wont.
Women are hated because they strike the concious as the most manipulative being existing while also maintaining an edge of cruelty playing men fiddle while still being treated as a superior caste compared to men by society.
I want a girl to fall in love with. Just once.
Let's post stats
What about you guys? What makes you incels?
I know.. I'm failing the easy mode but I live in a country where being short is a rare occasion.
that's cool anon, good for you.
however they still hate you because you make the world a creepier place by being an ugly incel.
6'2 
Let's add a few more
Rape/10 face 
Let's add a few more
cant connect with anyone and don't find most people attractive
Let's add a few more
I guess because I never put myself out there? I'm a good conversationalist, perfectly capable of talking with women and seeming at least relatively normal. I just have a severe hatred for myself, and now I never leave the house.
Hahaha pussy niggaaaaaa no. Fuck bitches get money
I have a litany of issues each compounding the unattractiveness so much that there is no hope
people have said there is something "off" about me, like it doesn't feel like I'm really there even if they know and interact with me every day. which sounds to me like genuine unsettling creepiness.
I'm also 54 kg. I've tried to bulk but I give up quickly because of needing to consoom too many calories
What kind of Pajeet? Could you not get an arranged marriage?
how do you guys come up with this facial rating? did you get it from someone else rating you?
I got a 3/10 rating on photofeeler with voting restricted to around 40 women before they fixed their rating system to be more lenient. now the same photo shows 5/10 rating because they fudged the numbers by adjusting weights going by people's voting history, but I prefer to stick by the original rating because it's more honest.
how do you guys come up with this facial rating? 
There is nothing better what you have used.Rate me threads on Reddit and 4chan is full of mental ill lookism tards.
My mom told me I would molest my sister.
I was 6'0 and 50-55kg for a long time, mostly because I spent all day gaming and wouldn't bother stopping to eat. I started putting on weight when I stopped enjoying games, but I also cook my own meals and that helps I think.
I'm recessed, have a retarded nose and no visible cheekbones even though I'm lean as fuck
Dude, you were a skeleton. I cook often too but I can't have more than one meal per day. In the mornings, I have a cup of coffee and a cigarette. If I try to have an actual breakfast, I'll feel so full I'm practically unable to have lunch
How many rejections?
What's the closest you've been to sex?
Have you ever had a girl like you?
I'm 3056 and 3550
rejections 
2
What's the closest you've been to sex?
a hug
Yes, only to realize it 20 years later.
How are you actually an incel? I don't think you can really be an incel if you've barely ever tried to get a gf in the first place.
I've been in two long distance relationships. They ended because although they wanted to come and visit me, I felt uncomfortable with them wasting their money. Basically my own self hatred ended up imploding both relationships. I feel convinced that I deeply loved them both, and I think they felt the same. Although I am very sexual and we had a great time masturbating together, I'm not sure I can stand to be touched, even though I desperately want to touch and be touched. I miss them both so much and I hope they are each living good lives.
I've asked two girls out in real life, and was rejected both times. I think I handled it ok both times, but it left me unwilling to - as I said - put myself out there.
So you're just a plain normalfaggot LARPing as an incel, got it. That's why I ask these questions because most of you guys are normalfags.
I may not have been clear, when I say long distance I mean we never met up. The thought of meeting up and how I couldn't go through with it is what ended both relationships. I'm still a virgin at age 30. I have no future prospects for life, never leave the house, hate everything about myself and haven't enjoyed a moment of my life in what feels like an age. If that's "normal", I dunno what hell the rest of you are going through.
Foids are incapable of ever loving anyone.
I hate how little chances there are to speak to people
if I have even 1 negative interaction it ruins my day and possibly a week because that means that 100% of my conversations have been bad
I wish I had people to talk to so that I could dillude it but I don't
Not true at all lol
Actual loneliness and no prospect of a gf at all. You've had multiple gf's and easily could've met up with them but you decided against it. If having multiple gf's is the experience of the average incel, then incel """suffering""" is just a meme.
You could talk to strangers in small ways, e.g. asking for the time and pretend you don't have your phone. Just small little things like that can get you more familiar with random interactions, and you can build it up from there.
You think I don't go through actual loneliness? When I broke up with my previous long distance girlfriend 2 years ago, I also stopped speaking to all of my friends. The only person I ever see or talk to now is my dad, and it's been that way for years and years. In the past 5 years I've left the house maybe as many times. The dogs I grew up with and love and miss with all my heart died without me having seen for months or even years because I was so unable to deal with speaking to people or leaving the house.
does it really count if she's married now and I'm an wizard?
You might have some loneliness, but it's not at all like the loneliness an incel faces, and it's clearly very largely self-imposed. Like you're literally just saying "yeah I could've had 2 gf's fuck and cuddle me but I left 'em both and then I also left all my friends too...". You're nowhere near an incel, at the very least.
I'm not saying you should date her now but it's a surefire sign that you at least weren't at all ugly at the time, which is good now unless your looks faded greatly, which if you let that happen, then that's kind of your fault unless some disaster occurred. The main point, though, is your lack of willingness to actually try means you're not really an incel.
i agree with the animefag, you were never an incel or a robot
I was a chinlet then. Now I'm a fat chinlet.
That is some bizarre gatekeeping. I'm not lonely despite never speaking to or seeing anybody. I'm not an incel despite being a 30 year old virgin. It's just "self-imposed". It's as self-imposed as anybody else's, at some point you have to point the finger at yourself and realise you are the issue. I do, why can't you?
I know how to talk very well, there's just no opportunity to do it
Being fat greatly hurts your looks, especially if it affects your face, for most men, so that's definitely not good. Random girls liking you means you definitely weren't that bad-looking, also.
Lmfao are you trolling? Leaving 2 gf's you could've fucked or whatever pitifully easily is nowhere near similar to the way actual incels are (kind of maybe?) at fault, i.e. for their crippling self-doubt, lack of self-esteem, lack of confidence, lack of social skills, unresolved traumas, etc.
Any guy who's similar to you I'd say in an instant is nowhere close to an incel. Also, you're incredibly obviously just a volcel. Older virgins exist like you who are normalfaggots who are just volcels. That's why the label exists lol.
How not?
Why do you think I didn't end up having sex with those girls?
Anyway, you could get a prostitute right now and then you wouldn't be an incel. What do you mean you won't? Oh, that's self imposed then, you volcel.
fat
I've been fat in my HS. No luck.
can it really?
How is it not self-imposed when you had friends and girlfriends u decided to ditch?
Why do you think I didn't end up having sex with those girls?
Irrelevant. You can't be an incel if you've had a gf before, incredibly obviously. It doesn't matter why you shot yourself in the foot when you've had a really easy dating life so far.
hurr durr having a gf and dumping her is the same as being able to see illegal prostitutes
No it's not even slightly similar. Inceldom normally precludes sex with men, sex without consent, or paid sex. If you want to use a different label, we can, but in any case, these situations are completely incomparable lmao.
No luck
With what? Losing weight? Do you have a condition?
Yes, obviously, lol.
I "ditched" them because the thought of someone touching me physically repulsed me because of childhood trauma. After that, I couldn't speak with my friends anymore. I just couldn't bring myself to chat with them or play games anymore, so I stopped. I miss it a lot, I didn't really do it out of choice.
You did do it out of choice, though. Being scared of touch isn't an excuse to never conquer your fears, retard
I want to have sex, I want to have someone to love and be loved by. I couldn't bring myself to do it because I'm fucked in the head, not because I didn't want to. I desperately want to.
You've had easy chances to have sex but didn't take them out of choice. You're a volcel. You can get another gf if you want, normalfaggot.
I did ballooned in the uni so I have no ideas behind having looks under fat. 
that cannot be true.
I dunno what to say, you're a legitimate mongoloid. Maybe I could get another gf, but I probably couldn't have sex with her because, like all other incels, there's something deeply fucking wrong with me.
that cannot be true.
How?
If you've ever had a gf, you're not an incel. If you've ever been loved by any girl, then your sense of """loneliness""" is absolutely light years less bad than an incel's loneliness. The fact that you think it's pretty likely you'll get another gf shows how insanely easy you have it lmao.
You spit in the face of real incels and it's disgusting.
Inceldom is more about being completely undesirable to the opposite sex rather than just 'not being able to have sex'. If it was just about sex then incels wouldnt exist since you can always just hire a hooker. You're not an incel because you've had multiple women love you, and you can't relate to us, now kys faggot normie
random cannot like me.
The fact that you think it's pretty likely you'll get another gf shows how insanely easy you have it lmao.
Where in the name of fuck did I ever say that? I said maybe I could get one, maybe. I really, truly don't think that's likely to ever happen again, but the point was (as if I even have to spell this out) that even if I were in that situation again it would likely end the same.
Stop changing definitions. It means involuntarily celibate. That's what I am. I want sex, but even when presented with the easiest opportunities, I could not go through with it, despite wanting to.
I said maybe I could get one, maybe
Maybe means at least somewhat likely. For an incel, they'd say "I don't think I'll ever have any girl love me in my entire life unless a literal miracle happened," not "well maybe I'll get another gf :^)".
I really, truly don't think that's likely to ever happen again
Why? Lol. You easily got 2 gf's already.
You clearly didn't, though, obviously, otherwise you would've done so easily. You're just a volcel.
Even if you are an incel, that really shows that """incel issues""" are a meme and we should care about lonely guys instead of these weird """incels""" that easily can have sex but don't lol.
I did want to though, I don't know how you can't understand that unless you are legitimately mentally handicapped. I already said childhood trauma stopped me from being able to touch people, do I need to fucking spell it out for you? Are you that incapable of reading between the lines? I want love, I want sex, I'm almost certain I will never be able to because of my issues. It's that simple.
Okay so you found love very easily. Why can't you just get more comfortable around the girl with time? Even if it takes months, being sexless in a relationship for a while with a girl you love is getting more comfortable around you -- this situation any incel would take in .2 nanoseconds over their current life. If you're an incel, you suffer less than 99.99% of them in terms of loneliness/hopelessness.
Because they left me.
Then find another gf, normalfaggot.
I don't know how. I'm a different person now, more bitter, less prospects, less hope.
Youre wasting your time arguing with them, were in the middle of a psyops they try to mud the field with all "but what about trucel, femcel, cellphone..."
They know the game is rigged in women favor but dont want backlash for it
Guys what do? I am turning Europe, currently at a hot spring hotel.
Yesterday a Ukrainian girl has hit on me when I was just sitting in a hot spring just minding my own business (before you say I misread something, sitting next to me, indirectly touching my hand, and then initiating conversation is unmistakable, no person on earth could be so dense to misread it).
However I missed her after that. 
She probably liked me because I am pretty and 6ft4 but I am a total autist and do not know how to talk to women or how to behave around them. 
Should I go to the hotel bar and see if she is there? Btw. I do not drink alcohol. I am just here at the hotel to relax a bit I did not expect to meet girls here, most people are way older then me.
What do?
Maybe get more than 2 rejections in your life, normalfaggot.
I know women have it vastly easier in life and with dating, but if you've had a gf before then you're nowhere close to an incel lmfao.
Another plain normalfaggot. Incels don't actually exist on /r9k/ lol.
Ok, I'll get on that now. I'll just go meet women...in my house? I guess I'll meet them online and tell them I'm a 30 year old virgin who has no job, no money, no future, is ugly. I'm totally normal.
Oh god you might have to go outside and risk rejection from IRL girls. I highly doubt you're ugly since that's of primary important to women who e-date, most of the time, and you already had more than success twice before. If you have no job then you shuld actually do something about it.
I can't leave the house. I get these weird seizure sort of things, I don't know what's wrong with me there either. But yea, guess I'll just have to get over that as well as my other childhood trauma. That's how it works right? Just get over it.
Absolute fucking cunt.
These are the usual types:
normie -- neurotypical, not virgin, had gf (nt.nv.hg)
Incel -- neurotypical, virgin, never had gf, misogynist, racist (nt.v.nhg.m.r)
Robot -- neurodivergent, virgin, never had gf (nd.v.nhg)
But what are these?
-- neurotypical, virgin, never had gf (nt.v.nhg)
-- neurotypical, not virgin, had gf, misogynist, racist (nt.nv.hg.m.r)
-- neurodivergent, virgin, never had gf, misogynist, racist (nd.v.nhg.m.r)
-- neurodivergent, not virgin, had gf
Vastly easier is a wild understatement, its like giving dirt to someone and expecting gold in return. Psyops bullshit as usual, people like you can lie all day long, people eventually figure it out, and the more they were fiddled with the more will be angry and motivated to deal some backlashes, keep playing yourselves.
ok there's this insanely adorable girl at my workplace, she has a waist long ponytail, great body and insanely pretty face. i was a complete shut it before (my first job out of school) and started opening up, people complimented me on that as well but at this point she's the only person i don't talk to, as in start the conversation. we've known each other for more than a year and i think at this point she just thinks i don't like her and that's why i don't even talk to her but in reality i'm just so anxious. i can't look her in the eyes or at her at all while exchanging heys and goodbyes. im ugly as fuck and on top of that she has a boyfriend lmao so whatever who gives a fuck anyway
You don't just "get over it" but there are things you can do about it aside from just staring inside all day. There's no way any girl would love you if you're a permahikkiNEET unless you're very attractive, so be glad you have that, and so you could easily find another girl.
First 3 categories are all wrong. Robots are incels and incels don't have to hate women or be racist. Normalfags might be virgins but they're late bloomers or they just didn't fuck their past gf('s).
It's light years easier for women in life and dating. I know that.
I'm 4/10 at absolute best. And I've tried things, I've tried medication, therapy, diet, exercise, none of it seems to work. I'm just broken.
Same here anon.
I have insanely high physical stats, but some issues like that instantly turn you into an incel no matter what.
I used to think that it is just social skills and courage. 
But no, that does not even help either.
I became extremely good at making friends, heck I even have female friends.
And like people usually say I am extremely polite and have a great personality. I always get compliments especially from girls.
But nothing of it matters, because of deeply ingrained issues. 
While I manage to appear functional to society, however the cost of that is that the facade takes immense energy to uphold.
If I am sociable soon energy is going to run dry. And with a gf you just have to be around her for too long, and I just can not relax then it just drains and drains me until nothing is left.
Additionally I am unable to naturally initiate physical touch, like it is foreign to me. I have my own space and I am comfortable there and I can engage with the girl if she wants it, but girls require 24/7 attention, you have to constantly be thinking about her and constantly be monitoring her state and engaging with her and if you focus on anything else she will feel neglected and cause conflict.
My ex gf was like that: she always said that I behave like a very good roommate or a bestie, but I do not act like a bf.
And like when we were sleeping in the same bed I could not relax because another person was present, its just constant and horrible stress.
Women behave like they are all kind and innocent but at the end of the day you have to be the man and never ever let your frame drop, it is constant anxiety and stress with them. I would love to have a relationship where I can just be myself and enjoy the things we like together and heck I am want to help her out or listen to her and compromise but you can never get me to become a different person who just naturally revolves around the girl and so she will just feel neglected and start lashing out or worse.
I'm 4/10 at absolute best
What I said is still true. Many straight men are absolutely delusional as to what women actually find attractive, and I'd bet that's true in this case, because what I quoted is true. Women almost never like men with zero self-esteem unless they're considerably attractive.
Incels don't exist on /r9k/ lmao.
lmao you guys are normie zoomzoom. Failed normies.
Now get tge fuck out of my board.
If I do the test chart where there is wizard robot and normies, I always get the successful category.
But I still want a gf(in a functional way) but can not get one.
Is that not the definition of an Incel?
You're essentially complimenting me and yet I'm bizarrely insulted.
Actual incels are the opposite of normalfags, but there don't seem to be many ITT lol.
If you've ever had a gf then you're not an incel. I didn't read your post but I saw that line. Just get a new one, normalfaggot.
Ok, then it needs complete new names/labels for all of them.
LOL who are you even supposed to be?
Lmao fag kill yourself
I'm just saying you're on ezmode due to your facial genes or whatever. You're a pretty common archetype of fakecel/normalfag who wants to LARP like an incel.
Why?
Lol what?
Yep, it's been super easy for me.
That's what I've been saying lol. Any incel would trade places with you in an instant and you'd probably kill yourself in less than a week if you had to live as an actual incel.
What are you supposed to be?
What are you RPing as itt? 
And if it is also irl then replace RP with LARP.
You are obviously a fake facade or a fag trying to pretend like he is cool.
Or are you actually just ChatGPT.
Common, just tell us frankly, anything else is boring.
I want the truth
Come on then, tell us about your life, your loneliness, your attempts and failures to get a GF, so the rest of us can pick holes like annoying pricks and figure out why you're not an actual incel.
Because the given definitions are not precise. An incel can be a misogynist and racist, or he is not. And some say only virgins are incels, but others say it's only about having no gf. Then robots are usually neurodivergents and virgins, but can also have gf. And a normie who is neurotypical and had gf, but is now lonely and without friends, doesn't fit in anywhere.
I'm a somewhat infamous avatarfag called gatekeeper-kun (other times called tranny-kun), and I'm not an incel. I just defend incels/robots and gatekeep them.
The way I see it, those labels have nothing necessarily tied to hating women/being racist. Incels = robots which are the opposite of normalfags. If you can have unpaid, consensual sex with your desired sex(es) (who fits certain base standards, like they're not a homeless woman trying to steal your money), then you're not an incel, and this almost always means you can get your loving gf/bf as well. I don't think robots in the colloquial sense can ever have loving partners.
All checks out
Ah I think you are the fucking tranny shitbot who is flooding the entire board with meaningless garbage.
You fail the Turing test, you are ChatGPT, for Christs sake shut it down. 4chan is literally dead because of garbage like this.
They just used ChatGPT to flood it and this is what they produce, in this entire thread you have not made a single meaningful statement, you are almost certainly an AI bot.
Probably not even ChatGPT but a badly trained clone that is just meant to spew garbage
I am a cis man, though.
What meaningless garbage? Lol. I don't make threads that often.
I remember telling you to never use characters from Madoka ever again.
Do you really hate them so much that you use them for your garbage spam?
I would honestly believe you if you told me that you hate Madoka Magica and this is actually the reason why you are posting like this in order to make it look bad
I came more and more to the view that there are some basic differences. Robots are people from the spectrum and not necessarily into red-pill politics, alt-right and hating women. They also don't suffer so much from having no gf, as I understood. Some are ok to live in their own world. But for incels tfw no gf is the essential thing, and being virgin is an endless source of bitterness and hate. They belong to the manosphere, nearly all, and don't necessarily have the autistic trait of living in their own world.
How is this garbage spam? I'll post magia record girls or other anime girls the rest of the thread, though, 4U.
Those might be some differences in how they manifest but I think there could be incels of a type who are extremely sad due to their loneliness and for others it's more a dull pain they cope with their autistic hobbies or whatever. More robotic (autistic) incels and incels that are more hate-focused, or a mix.
No girl has ever found me attractive.
I have never been rejected outside from trying to pick up girls at clubs while drunk.
Though one of those might be a borderline rejection:
I picked up two girls at a bar and took them with me to another bar, but is mismanaged the mood by making out with them in the wrong order so the other one ran away. 
I basically missed the threesome two times, that was one of them. The other one was when the girl my friend had a crush on wanted to have a threesome with me and my gf, but I declined because that would have been pretty harsh towards my friend. Poor dude, we invited the girl over and he got her a gift, but she instead suggested that I make him go away and have a threesome instead. 
Its just brutal
How many rejections, though?
Loneliest """incel""" in 2023.
That was my plan, to clear the mix through precise definitions. But it would need at least 24 of them to separate the types. Maybe it would be fun to do, as a kind of alternative to the lgbtq system of identification.
Those "robots" have been simping for egirls thar came here since 2008 and were trying to court girls from r9k omegle or skype groups. It's easy to say "this was a monk mode" board but actions speak louder than words. Robots have always wanted gfs so badly but coped with dunking on sex havers but actions speak louder than worlds. Incel subculture took off here because it was more honest
If you're not an incel/robot how about you fuck off and stop gatekeeping them? You add nothing of value.
0 as many as girls who would've said yes.
Why does it even matter though?
LMAO
PEOPLE look at this reply.
This is not even a ChatGPT it is a simple sweep search algorithm.
If you find someone who's a gatekeeper who's as good as it as I am then maybe I'll stop. If you don't think gatekeeping is valuable, though, then you're probably my enemy.
Because you have to try to get a gf to be an incel.
We can talk about any number of hot topics if you want.
IMO I think the 3 types being described are making an important distinction between social inadequacy due to autism versus other social factors (like hating women)
I think those extra categories are great points and I wonder how represented they are on this board relative to incels and robots.
I don't think your poor attempt at gatekeeping is useful, especially when you clearly lack the empathy that would make you capable of understanding robots/incels. Again, fuck off. Nobody wants you here.
Hating women doesn't make you socially inadequate. Hating women for a lot of incels is just a cope when they've already been rejected by numerous women and feel hopeless.
Can you explain which parts of what I'm doing isn't done well with examples? I'm guessing you're just mad that I called you a normalfag or implied you were one.
Nope. Trying and getting rejected won't change that girls don't like me and never has.
Girls have never wanted me and it would not change if I got rejected by every single one of them.
If it was that easy nobody would have a problem. Your "advice" and your gatekeeping are both bullshit, and you should fuck off.
that's a great point, ur totally right, I just was naming something as an example of a belief system that is potentially within someone's control. There are certainly other ones, and it could be argued that a shitty unlikeable personality, while not autistic, is something not really in someone's control that could make them an incel
You're a tourist with a saviour fetish, it's pathetic.
Thanks for pointing this out, the gatekeep only serves as a way to divide incels into isolation and muddy the debatosphere of what is it that makes incels incels.
Lmao fuck off, even the people who LARP as chads in this thread can better relate to incels then you do.
Kill yourself.
You are cold like a machine, you have absolutely no empathy and no compassion, you just gatekeep incels for absolutely no reason, and they certainly did not ask you to.
You help no one, you are just a pest on society, just like vermin
How do you know that 100% of girls you've ever seen would reject you?
You have to try to get a gf to be an incel, but I didn't say trying was easy. It's obviously very painful to get rejected or to get to the point to risk getting rejected anyhow.
I wasn't really giving advice by saying you have to try. That's just obvious.
Yes and keep having normalfags with gf's, girls who've liked them in the past, etc. LARP as incels, lol.
How do I have no empathy?
Because 100% of the girls around me were not attracted to me.
I was a robot incel 5 years ago.
I'm married and have a kid now.
My life has not improved and I still hate myself. There are some things that can't be fixed.
Oops, I think I might have had a girl like me when I was 13 or so, guess I'm cured of my inceldom, as diagnosed by someone who doesn't even identify as one themselves yet is still here trying to categorise us like animals in a zoo for them to gawk at.
How do I have no empathy?
Because this is the type of reply you give:
Not one shred of empathy, you are just mocking those people.
And then you have the audacity to claim to speak for them.
You are the lowest vermin
There's no way you could know that, though. Most ugly guys still have sex and get gf's just fine since they're socially skilled.
Lemme guess, less than 10 rejections before you met your wife?
Also getting a girl you love to love you back and stuff makes your life better in almost all cases but you might still have underlying mental illness that needs treating. Seek therapy.
If you're all just normalfags and there are no genuine incels, then I guess that's one way things could go. I don't laugh at incels.
Those quotes aren't mocking except the third line that's mocking the fakecel normalfags.
There's no way you could know that
Why not? I've seen what it look like when girls were attracted to other guys.
They are not that ugly then.
IDK if I just grew up around a lot of sexism and never noticed it on the board, but r9k really feels like it shifted from robot/autistic incel to conservative/misogynistic incel (even if there was some misogyny still present beforehand it feels like there is more now)
I used to like lurking to relate to ASD stuff but now i can't relate due to all the misogyny.
any similar experiences or is it just me?
I bet you feel really clever now and laugh about those people.
your solution to incels is to tell them that they arent incels if they ever had any girl look at them, and for those for whom that didnt happen you are just denying their reality and telling them that this is not what happens normally.
You have nothing to say just go away
99% of the internet nowadays is rage bait in someway, people looking for a reaction. Actual discussion is rarely unmolested, so it just requires a keener eye to filter out the shit that's always been there, just that there's far more of it now.
I had 0 rejections because I never even considered asking any girl out before that. I always thought I'd get rejected anyway. 
Having someone love you means jack shit when you don't love yourself. Honestly I can go back to browsing 4chan all day and jacking off three times a day and I wouldn't feel any different.
I'm 30 btw
I've seen what it look like when girls were attracted to other guys
What does that look like?
A woman can look at you and you're an incel, but if a girl has liked you, then ya you're most likely not an incel.
you are just denying their reality and telling them that this is not what happens normally.
What is not what happens normally? Girls looking at them? Lol.
I had 0 rejections
Average ex-"""incel""".
This is not at all true for lots of people who hate themselves, but for some that is the case.
Also I don't even wanna have sex anymore, it's much better to just fap
No such thing as volcel, it's just cope
Enthusiastically talking to them, always smiling when the guy is around, just showing general interest in whatever he is doing, looking to get his attention, small gestures and mannerisms that are hard to describe, playing with their hair, wanting and trying to get physically closer to the guy, etc.
Not him but they make effort to interact with the guy. I once had a girl I knew tell me that she ran over to a guy playing piano wat a club somewhere and gave him her number
I once saw a woman stand over a guy with her legs straddling his and her knee was like an inch from his groin and she was standing suggestively. 
You can use online dating as a good metric as well. If you see the kinds of conversations women have with dudes they actually like, it's clear that they want the dude to engage with them. 
When you match with a girl and she barely responds, when you cross eyes with a girl and she doesn't look at you and smile inviting, these are indicators that they are not into you. 
When women like a guy, they put effort into the interactions. If women seem like they couldn't be bothered to even spare you an inviting glance, that's how you can tell they don't actually like you. They're just using you for validation.
It's very tiresome I'm glad I have a predilection for violence and suffering pain and being physically powerful and I discovered it otherwise I'd still be a depressed and weak piece of shit. I still am depressed and I still binge eat horribly but it's better now.
Don't rely on any other person to facilitate your happiness.
But DEFINITELY don't rely on women to ever make you feel valuable or even like you deserve to he alive. Women are like soulless husks.
Are all virgin women incels to you? Despite the fact that they could have sex with a chad in less than 30 minutes.
It's definitely true women act differently with guys they're into, but there's a spectrum to this and it depends on the context. Some girls will slut out to chad ASAP if she can, and others will just go to his vicinity and hope he makes a move on her. She might not like you the first 10 seconds you're talking but after a conversation she can talk to you more later and you can establish a rapport with her to later ask her out and there's some chance she'll go on a date with you.
I think you're seeing how women act when they're acting with 8+/10 guys and basically if you don't see that in how women interact with you, then there's no reason to ask the girl out, and I think if most guys followed this rulebook, they'd be virgins for life.
You're right in that I'm not asexual. Yet when women do show interest in me, I play dumb and self-sabotage because I'd rather fantasize than be physically intimate with anyone IRL.
Hell I had a girl spend the night on New Years Eve, but I let her sleep in my bedroom and insisted to sleep on the couch myself, acting oblivious to her more than obvious advances.
This thread has so many normalfag brag posts. It's pathetic.
I don't have to put myself through non-stop rejection to know I'm an incel. I just have to see their looks of revulsion when I'm even nearby.
If you think anyone that's had sex is a normalfag, you're wrong
Nah, that literally is what a normalfag is.
You wouldn't necessarily know it's non-stop rejection, though. Getting insulted like that publicly obviously is a horrible experience, but it doesn't mean you're a hopeless case forever.
I think if you're not an incel, you're a normalfag. Idc if you've had sex or not. You're here in an incel thread talking about all your normalfag moments to brag which probably means you're mentally ill somehow, but you're still a normalfag nonetheless.
Yea, unfortunately that isn't the only case, and I have been rejected a few times. There's no point in trying. But thanks for the amazing advice and the great gatekeeping, you're doing such a service for the community you're not a part of!
I talked with girls and there were nothing to suggest they would like me any other ways than friends at most.
I mixed you up with the guy who never got rejected then. How is there no point in trying if you've only been rejected a few times?
Talk to more girls then.
The difference between incels and robots, is that robots hate normalfags and incels want to be normalfags.
If you have sex you are cyborg at the very least, if you have a relationship you are definitely a normalfag. If you can't find a relationship after having one previously then you are a failed normalfag.
Misogyny &amp; racism have no effect on any of this.
The FBI has a quite different opinion on this.
The FBI thought it was a good idea to burn children alive. I don't think you should listen to them.
Incels don't exist. They're a government plan to increase the birth rate by negging men into wanting sex, which they have lost interest in over the past decade. Overturning Roe v Wade was part of this.
you fukin serious?
Christian
i keep seeing this happen in real life. i thought it was just dudes larping on the internet at first, trying to make women look bad, but no. honestly fascinating stuff. 
nta but
whore
i keep seeing this happen in real life. i thought it was just dudes larping on the internet at first, trying to make women look bad, but no. honestly fascinating stuff. 
nta but
t. 22 year old
