This is what happens when looksmaxxing is literally forced upon the population. Imagine never having to look at ugly people or architecture ever again. The government should ban fatties from buying food. Also kill all drug addicts too while we're at it. Force incels to take showers at gunpoint, either water or gas, their choice depending if they still want to be blackpilled doomer faggots or not.
All the ugly skinny fat ones are sitting down literally some closet queer went through and picked the pretty ones for the chorus line 
also no one was obese back then
Goering lost the weight though.
Nobody was ugly in Nazi Germany.
Nazi Germany was a shithole. You'd have to work 10 hours a day every day just to have food on the table if you were working class.
Great projects require great sacrifices.
So focused on hot boys carrying poles (why poles?) you lose the war you started and your entire ideology is snuffed out in less than 12 years
Based indeed.
you are schizophrenic origami
You destroyed a country, not an idea.
Pole sisters...
You destroyed a country
Without a meth-abusing occultist at the helm, modern Germany is the wealthiest nation in the European union.
His "ideals" seem to only be upheld by losers that have to post on a hentai shithole website because the general public finds them reprehensible.
bastard
hey that's me!
And that was finishing the autobahn which began construction with the previous administration. They didn't build much besides an Olympic stadium and a failed coastline resort. All the nazis did was violate international treaties and plunge Germany into a war that they could never win (invasion of France and Barbarossa were perfectly lucked out and they still couldn't win).
His "ideals" seem to only be upheld by losers that have to post on a hentai shithole website because the general public finds them reprehensible.
Every single country that has ever existed on the planet is and was ruled by a few people, you do realize that, right?
Also based space exploration program with anti-gravity machines, and based base on the moon.
Ok, so go post your proud based ideas to Twitter and see what happens to you, nitwit.
You realize that shit gets shut down, stamped out, and forgotten because it's useless trash, right?
Good luck convincing humanity because 98.5% of people disagree with that.
Fatties should not have rights. I hate them so much
someone post goering
The general public you refer to being exactly that:
"General"
International
Rootless
Universal Judeo-Christian-Bolshevik!
Someone has posted goering.
i've seen a bunch of documentaries about the inner circles and leadership in nazi Germany. 
two ways Goering was described stuck with me. one was ''put him in a room with 10 other people and sooner or later he'll start telling them what to do''. another was that out of everyone in the top administration he was the only one willing to joke and laugh about himself.
chad as hell.
One I have watched told the story of how he arranged a meeting in one of his properties in rural Germany and had airplanes fly in the sky above but some guests felt more like being kidnapped and forced to watch a manchild show his toys
still kinda chad move tho.
And I've taken and passed multiple high level college classes on European history, focusing on Germany since that was where the professor was from. A lot of the bullshit Germany was infamous for was brought about by their own niggatry. Especially those inner circle dustups: Hitler specifically engineered the structure of the state so that they would be too busy competing and fighting with each other for even basic shit needed to do their jobs that they wouldn't be able to plot against him. Speaking of engineering, a lot of those overcomplicated kraut space magick devices aren't because of teutonic autism or whatever. It's because they were working with substandard material, particularly alloys plundered from conquered territories, so they had to design all sorts of retarded workarounds. 
PS: even if you aren't a nazi, don't even acknowledge the existence of nazi germany in polite company since it will make people think you are a nazi and therefore a target for destruction. I won't even admit to taking history classes in college at this point.
e a target for destruction
Not so polite company.
Yeah, no shit. Keep in mind the average faggot walking around can't even tell you when WW2 happened at this point. You can be proud that your (great-) grandpa fought in WW2 against the nazis, but if you know any specifics like which unit, which battles, etc. the "h0w DO yoOU kNoW ThAt?????" questions come out. History is no longer a safe topic for discussion because most peoples' first exposure to the field is the class potential mass shooter aka """republican""", not underfunded history class or even the fucking history channel anymore.
In the hours immediately following the assassination attempt on Hitler, Ribbentrop, Goring, Donitz, and Mussolini were having tea with Hitler in Rastenberg when Donitz began to rail against the failures of the Luftwaffe. Goring immediately turned the direction of the conversation to Ribbentrop, and the bankruptcy of Germany's foreign policy. "You dirty little champagne salesman! Shut your mouth!" Goring shouted, threatening to smack Ribbentrop with his marshal's baton. But Ribbentrop refused to remain silent at this disrespect. "I am still the Foreign Minister," he shouted, "and my name is von Ribbentrop!"
Kys and go back to /pol/ as a retarded ghost.
