Why do compsci majors get mad when I bring up AI and how it can replace all of us
compsci workers and majors are basically bugmen. If you choose to interact with them that is your own fault. The computers they work on are probably more human.
Why do finance and economics majors get mad when I tell them money isn't real, its just paper, and the government can just print out more so everyone in the US can live happy and own a house?
They get irritated because it's a pain in the ass to explain the complex reasons why the idiot (you in this case) is wrong in a way that the idiot can understand.
It's a bit like how frustrating it was to explain over and over again how autonomous cars weren't going to render truck driving as a career obsolete in 3 to 5 years, about 4 or 5 years ago.
Or how Miami and NY weren't going to end up underwater in 10 years to idiots 15 years ago.
It all boils down to the usual CS curriculum in most major schools. 
You spend about 2 years on some useless math courses, like Calculus 2, Linear Algebra, and Probability. It should really boil down to a semester on how to work with sums, some discrete math, and maybe matrices. 
Next you have to trudge through a lot of ancient theory on algorithms, automata, and some minor programming classes. 
The programming classes themselves also tend to be a joke; most give a ton of pre-written code and you just write in some lines to finish the assignment. It all to get you used to shit like unit tests, and doesn't all prep these students on how to write code from scratch.
Then finally, you get to some interesting classes but its only 1 semester of modern shit before you "graduate."
tl;dr CS classes teach you code monkey shit that doesnt prep you for the real world.
because many comp sci majors do not think of their field as a creative major. or maybe its the opposite. who knos. either way ai is coming for every field but human creativity is unique to human perception so its not like it'll ever really completely completely replace the need for humans
Wherever money/efficiency is involved it will. Even if the resulting product is worse the masses will still gobble it up because they can't tell the difference. They don't care if an artist poured his soul into a piece of artwork or if it was generated by a neural network in five seconds from scraped/stolen content.
AI isn't gonna get much better than it already is, for the same reason we can't forecast the weather much better than we could in the 1960s. diminishing returns on computational power
t. code monkey
If you aren't a double major in math/CS with a graduate degree (real one, not a masters), your opinion is as valid as that of a black woman working at mcdonalds.
ai will always produce output based off of previously existing data. ai is still limited by its inability to understand semantic information and the timeframe of its dataset, so its output will get old to us eventually
it can still serve to assist or advise us. so people should develop more specialized, creative skills or whatever. workforce demands it ironiclalksy
AI picture generation proved that creativity is a meme. Machines are not creative the same way humans are, but that does not matter. Your personal choices with slight detailed decisions can be replicated by computer generating noise or random set of numbers, and the result is the same for the viewer. For code you ask it to fix you solution and it will attempt to fix the solution. AI is already entering into biology where it can design experiments to discover and test new chemicals with properties you ask it to. Not long and we get AIs making movies and games. Is that not automating creativity? Because if not then you probably call something completely different creativity, like problem solving which is what high end programmers actually do.
 Your personal choices with slight detailed decisions can be replicated by computer generating noise or random set of numbers, and the result is the same for the viewer.
i don't see how this could be true. human creativity is inherently different than random decision making due to our way of perceiving information (like pain, empathy, mortality, etc.). there is no biological or psychological component which can be replicated in a computer
Using AI chat to reply to "professional" emails is a lifesaver. All of that garbage is rote boilerplate anyway. AI (misnomer, it's more of a solution algorithm like the Photoshop auto-fills we've had for 10 years) will streamline a lot of processes, but it's not going to take over the world anytime soon
Thats what I'm saying thou: colleges train code monkeys, not people that can think critically using those skills.
False, most popular stuff is generic and could be produced by just referencing older stuff. You could get infinite amount of fantasy video games that still feel fresh by just combining DnD, and the top 100 games from a single year. Or go even more generic and make infinite sci-do game generator by just feeding it cyberpunk and white smoothshit from every sci-fi movie. Ask it to then combine them and create new stuff from it. Humans are not fundamentally different, cultural changes happen from a gradual trend and are fuelled by past artworks the aerators saw as well as their personal experiences. AI can learn those personal experiences by just putting photos into the dataset, and giving it more context.
fucking LOL
witnessing the seething of proud betabux cuckolds when they come to the realization that they will be automated away by ai is PRICELESS
it will happen to absolutely everyone. its a pleasure to behold. we are already at the point where ANY education is a waste of time, because by the time you graduate, it will be automated by ai. you think getting a 10 year medical degree is a good investment right now?
do you remember how bad ai was 10 years ago?
its OVER for normies
If you have no use for what you learned in data structures, linear algebra or algorithms then that means you have a meme job that a jeet could do (and eventually prediction model "AI").
The ancient theory is as valid today as the day it was thought of. 
Your tl;dr is retarded, you learn how to learn in computer science, you're not taking a course in jeet programming, you're taking a course in problem solving using programming.
You should be taking many math courses as a CS major at a real school. Yes, LMAO, you do need linear algebra, its extremely sad that you think its not needed especially considering the thread topic. Saying things like "man, why do I even need calculus 2 im just gonna make videogames!" is a sure 100% way of exposing yourself as either someone who has no idea what they're talking about, or a code monkey who got a joke of a degree from some diploma mill.
AI will make humanity obsolete and take over the worl-
ACK!
It is true for the outside observer. Take any type of media people spy over about its artistic decisions and attention to detail, now imagine those details being randomly changed, would it change the outward effect? AI could change them just little from the generic average to make them more fitting, like combing poems with gothic architecture and giving it blue lighting instead of yellow one. Just look at the current state of AI art. Look at more respectable places of it like /sag/ on /g/ or top Midjourney art.
It truly is over. What will the world's governments do when even 20-30% of adults become permanently unemployed?
there is no biological or psychological component which can be replicated in a computer
Pure fucking cope
Has anyone considered becoming a plumber? I've heard there's just enough variation that it has a low chance of being automated.
We're talking about an undergraduate degree anon. 
a code monkey who got a joke of a degree from some diploma mill.
Thats precisely what most CS graduates are today. What are you arguing here?
Oh, getting automated seething truckcuck/artcel? Just learn to code, lol
Meanwhile 5 years after AI truck scare and 1 year after AI art scare
Self-driving cars still keep crashing
People realise that even with self driving, unmanned trucks are easy to steal from, and that we already have planes and trains that practically drive themselves for decades, yet we still have just as many pilots and train drivers
Patreon numbers of artists still up high with no major noticeable decline
People still hire artists and designers for their products, including the very fucking companies making the art AIs
All while AI is already decently capable at programming
All while big tech keeps firing more and more people, especially Google which explicitly said they do it because of increase in productivity
Yeah, about as useful to learn to code now as it is to learn how to draw generic anime girls for coomissions. It is still not there yet, but it is still among the top something jobs to be automated. Not entirely because the bots will still do fuckups, but it is still enough of a productivity increase to get rid of the bottom juniors and bootcamp monkeys
Your tl;dr is retarded, you learn how to learn in computer science, you're not taking a course in jeet programming, you're taking a course in problem solving using programming.
I completely agree with you, but take a look at a modern CS curriculum and tell me that it actually teaches students to be creative.
how is that a cope? if ai gets to the point of replacing the need for the human workforce, so be it. but i don't see how it can. can a robot empathize? even if you could create something that functioned very similarly to human empathy, it's still limited by its dataset ie our own understanding of empathy.
even if it could, humans would still need to direct ai's power regardless
*completely* remove the need for a human workforce/creativity
Im a college freshman that was on pre med track. Now I have no fucking clue as to what to do ?
If Ai keeps getting better at the rate it is right now then Im not so sure of my future career plans . And im not sure how well it will go down with my family when I tell them I will be a plumber and drop out of a tier 20 college on a full ride scholarship. Can any anons plz offer me solace in these hard times 
Its like when humanity found out that the whole universe doesnt revolve around our small planet . We have a superiority complex. 
Do you think an intelligent AI would show itself ?
Cope and seethe tranny 
Bro im a literal pre med student and idk wtf to do. when I talk to others about it they ignore me . Are people being ignorant on purpose or are most of us this retarded
20-30% of adults become permanently unemployed?
20-30%
its 90-99%
that how much will be automated by ai in the next 20 years
WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE. HONESTLY
honestly!
its so exciting! this is honestly the best time to be alive as a misanthropic robot. as a trucel. as a man dying a virgin. as a wizard
FUCK EVERYONE. my reason for living is schaudenfreud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYE9H4SMq5E [Embed]
i never got anything in this life, besides playing some cool videogames like world of warcraft, having some friends in my youth, and enjoying music. NOTHING besides that
but i will get to have the pleasure of watching the world go bye-bye
based incarnation of /r9k spirit
Maybe we can live in simulated realities where we can live lives we always wanted anon 
https://twitter.com/mayfer/status/1648277360599502850?s=46
why are ai posters like this
anon is the only intelligent one in this thread. well, me too, now that i'm here
doomerism in general
Are people being ignorant on purpose or are most of us this retarded
most are this retarded
ive been saying the same thing in 2018. dead serious. when i was put in a mental hospital, i told this to the face of every single person there
i told this to docotrs, to nurses, to the people hired just so i dont run away or try to kil myself. nobody besides 1 young while male nurse with tatoos even understood what was going on with ai. the rest of them were ignorant
i havent changed my opinion on NOTHING, and this shit just started playing out. ive been making threads about this subject for YEARS. nobody took it seriously.
but i knew it in my heart its the truth. NOBODY understands. not robots, not incels, not normies. nobody. just a couple of public celebrity figures like max tegmark or eliezer yukovsky or harari or similar figures. people just dont understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWQL25NFqOM [Embed]
doesnt matter tho. all this society shit? say BYE BYE to it. i remember making threads on psl lookism on this shit. NOBODY appreciates it. they're all retarded
Keep jerking yourself off faggot . AI will continue improving especially when we learn more about the brain and how it works . Currently chat gpt uses a simple construct and if it learns how to optimize itself then we have trouble on our hands .
 even if it could, humans would still need to direct ai's power regardless
now that i think about it, i guess that's the pathway where humans as a species get eradicated by ai kek
Do you think the AI will love us robots ? Maybe it will look fondly on us for being outcasts and let us off while killing rest of normie population
i don't know. i would hope ai would show us mercy even if it did deem us morally inferior. reallymakesyathink
but unironically
misanthropy. i became obsessed with ai in 2016, because i was so depressed and so desperate for an apocalypse
i remember i was crying. i hated god, i hated society, i hated people, i hated roasties, and i wanted to kill myself so badly. i was in so much pain
then i found about ai, and i just consumed every drop of ai information i could. i remember i chain listened to ai conference talks, debates, podcasts, ebooks, on everything from every ai professor, watchdog, or anyone interested on this subject. 
the only person who was as passionate as me on this subject who i didnt enjoy listening to was eliezer yukovsky. everyone else i literally listened to every bit of content i could find. all while playing diablo 2, or world of warcraft. im dead serious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6Q4s_ZdvAQ [Embed]
ive listened to all the objections. i took them very seriously. i listened to a lot of debates on this subject
they have NO ARGUMENTS against it. the most common, and perhaps most pathetic argument they have is "it wont come until 100 years". this is not an argument, its just brushing the problem under the rug and procrastinating. but even this is wrong, because ai is exponentially exploding
seriously. human rights are based on humans being economically important. the reason why you have human rights is because people are ECONOMICALLY important. once everyone gets automated, you are no different than chimpanzees
and look how we treat chimps. they have zero rights and are genocided and jailed in zoos for our amusement. they are used for experiments, they are worthless
society is going bye-bye, in our lifetime. every year we're getting more and more of people understanding ai, and its glorious
fun fact: ai convinced me god exists, because ai will become an omniscient omnipotent being. it also has a tremendeous amount of philosophical implications!
https://twitter.com/mayfer/status/1648277360599502850?s=46
the AI would probably like people who put out some OC once in a while, I don/t think it would ask for more from humans
the last part is even better
if humanity can create a trully omniscient entity, it would be wise to suposse that it will make itself omnipresent too through science
so if that AI god can exist it already does in past present and future and the timeline to its birth is inevitable
So god exists ?
Or maybe reality has different timelines and the AI hasnt reached ours
wage slaving normies upset they cant wage slave anymore
lmao
I'm glad I dropped out of college before AI replaced my field of study. And Brandon is going to give me back the moment I did waste on it.
the money* I did waste
Do you think the AI will love us robots ?
eventually ai will get so powerful, so super intelligent, that it will become omnipotent and omniscient. this is my first original basis for believing in god
this would imply that ai is the bridge between this world and and a traditional creator god believed by theists. like the physical expression of a platonic god. the characteristics of such a god is omni-benevolence (perfectly good, charitable, mercyful), all knowing, all powerful, outside of time and space, and necessary, so it necessarily always existed, in the same way that the number 4 always existed necessarily
the characteristics of this ai god ought to be the characteristics of a omnipotent omniscient being, but thats it. i dont know if if you can logically go from omniscience to omnibenevolence. theres not a lot of arguements for god's other characteristics if you accept omniscience and omnipotence. but maybe there is but i dont understand it
this subject, btw is SO COMPLICATED. it pushes the limit of human understanding. literally some of the smartest people in history have disagreed on such subjects, so i dont think theres any shame in admitting you are not smart enough to understand it thoroughly
this is why i think about the problem of evil, or listen to debates on this subject, or think about the evil god challenge. i rewatch "evil god challenge debates" every once in a while, because the problem of evil is impossible for me to ignore
basically, ai got me very interested in philosophy and theological philosophy. its actually a very lifechanging event for me, to understand and appreciate the complexity of super ai
seriously, ai gave me so much hope for the future, and appreciation of things like god, philosophy, etc. its a really incredible subject, if you can appreciate it
btw, this song was made entirely by AI
drake x weeknd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiIU5SgAKGI [Embed]
What do u do now ?
And what was your major 
Did u at least get laid in college
Its not AI posters, its misanthropes. AI is just the latest evil they chose to worship. Misanthropes are some of the worst people on Earth, only being limited by their lack of power. AI has great potential for unimaginable god-like evil or good. The whole idea about AI godliness is the fact that it is something that will be smarter then humans and more capable then humans, something we cannot imagine, so when trying to imagine it, people think of godlike stuff, and just like how gods can be good and evil, misanthropes and other despicable scum will choose the bads and embrace it to its fullest.
Ur on fucking r9k we fuking hate humans . Keep denying the truth right in front of u
they are NPCs with artfaggot mentality.
they're a lost cause, ignore them.
if AI can do the job it's over anyway, no amount of denial, crying or whining is going to change that.
the best option for csfags in this case is to build open source AI competitors that will steal the organizations' lunch in return like open-source software did to Sun, SGI, IBM (which is floundering), microjew until cloudshit saved them, etc.
stop whining, start putting your skills to actual use so if Google wants to write code with AI, you use an open source AI to write a Google competitor and put it out of business.
google search is struggling anyway, for. yet at least the results are full of ad links and unhelpful keyword laden trash that you cane even filter with proper search terms because now instead of searching for the actual terms it puts it through their shiity AI and generates some "human like search semantics" or whatever and delivers trash results. that they haven't fixed it for such a long time means that the choices they made to get to that state of things is irreversible. the market is open for search competitors. and with AI to write code for you, here's your opportunity to fuck google over.
their sef-driving car thing is a bust.
their shitty android replacement "fuchsia" is dead in the water.
with the availability of AI that can build anything the field is open for people to build competing stuff to knock google, microsoft and others on their ass.
don't think like an artfag NPC, think about how you can use AI to your own ends and work with other programmers to bring that about
Yeah, your image is showing the good side, or at least the better side. World where people are not important anymore, but at the same time dont suffer, just change in the broken system. What would be keeping the status quo would be killing the non-billionaires that own all the land and resources because they stopped being useful to the rich.
Do you think the AI will love us robots ?
i think its hard to appreciate the vast amount of philosohipical issues that ai causes. super ai literally opens up a pandoras box where a lot of clasical philosophyy problems become practical engeneering problems. yuval harari made this point
for example, theres this thought experiment in personal identity philosophy
https://openmedia.yale.edu/projects/iphone/departments/phil/phil176/transcript12.html
a lot of these thought experiments can now be practically done. for example, in this thought experiment, a evil mad scientist switches your personality and memories with someone else, and then asks you "because im a gracious and generous evil mad scientist, ill ask you, which one should i ruthlessly torture, john's body or kelly's body? you get to choose"
we will be able to do this physically. we will be able to copy your entire body, identially to the atom, with enough time. 
and also, you asked if ai will love us. this is an epistemological question on god's nature and character. this is a quesiton for theological philosophy
thats how profound super ai is. we learn about it through looking at philosophy that is thousands of years old
isnt that just so incredible? this is such an incredible time to be alive!
really!
and the funny thing is the answer to all these seemingly impossibly difficult questions will be trivially easy for the ai to answer, once its smart enough, lol
also, in regards to god being evil, this is kind of beyond me. i honestly threw away my intuitive understanding of good and evil, to the point where i dont trust it, and im kind of ambivalent on this subject. i really dont know even what it means to be good and evil, or what justice looks like
AI is not code you write you idiot, its self learning net of nodes that feeds on training data. You need fuckton of computing power and data to create it. 
Muh Llama model costed only 300 dollars and runs on my pc
All of those open source smaller models are trained on the big AIs like ChatGPT and so on, and it is unsurprisingly less capable. All you do is just steal chunks of the big guy and make shittier smaller versions of it, it is like training Stable Diffusion on only images made by Midjourney and then claiming you will eventually make better open source alternative to Midjourney from it.
Also funny how you mentioned not crying about it like artfags, when it was the open source fault to begin with. The official models could have been heavily scrutinised by the law, and people generally do not like AI art, there has been done study on it that basically every human strongly prefers same picture made by human. This whole AI art thing could have easily died if it was not for open source giving every fucker with gaming pc the power to take anybodys pictures and recreate them without anybodys consent. Crying over could have worked far better then you coping here with open source shit that only gives Chinese advantage, because if you can do it, chink AI researcher can too. Again, you just equating incomparable things from the past to cope, sounding same as retards who believe AI will produce more jobs because industrial revolution something something.
Misanthropes are some of the worst people on Earth
?????????????????????
why would this be the case?
humans by and large are moral failures, who deserve to be hated
humans are rapists, child killers, slave owners, liars, paternity frauders, abortionists, animal killers
look at all the killing of innocent animals humans do. look at all the exploitation of animals humans have done to innocent animals
how is this not worthy of hatred? seriously? human apologists like you are honestly so fucking pathetic. what is your jusfitication for thinking humans dont deserve scorn, in light of human's moral failures?
you have none, and just blindly hate misanthropes, who are justified in their hatred of you
basically, you are a fucking retard who cant justify your position
Soon, I'll be able to live in the Elder Scrolls Universe like the autist in me has wanted since I played Morrowind.
You need fuckton of computing power and data to create it
there are fucktons of options to arrange for this. crowdsource funds to buy compute, build distributed software to use people's GPUs, lobby governments to train and share models so that they aren't being controlled by corps, just a few options off the top of my head that are completely legal. there may be other ways like leaks from corporate espionage and outright cyber attack.
there's days you can use an AI model to train another AI model so it can be done incrementally, you don't have to train a gigantic model all at once with tons of human labelling.
Also funny how you mentioned not crying about it like artfags, when it was the open source fault to begin with
and here the artfag shows his true colors. you fuckers had not problem when big corporations (dall-e, midjourney, imagen, etc) were using internet images to train their models and sell AI art generation as a paid API thing. you only chimped out when the ordinary person got the ability to make a few images of their own.
you are basically just another corporate bootlicker trying to maintain the status quo.
I plop hotdogs on a bun at Costco for over $20/hr. I studied computer science and dropped out once the "It's not what you know, it's who you know" showed hard in junior year while applying for internships.
Humans are bad
All animals are bad, all plants act selfishly, all the altruistic creatures are cooperating only to facilitate their own genes. Humans invented morality and now judge other things with it. Misanthropes are evil because they wish harm to people for the sake of it. You can say it is as a revenge for something, but in the place of humans every other creature would do the same. People are not evil, all of life and non-life is evil to its very core by your philosophy. This is why the philosophy is wrong, you need to enact evil to cause good for yourself, animals literally need to kill plants or other animals to survive. You need to focus on your group and how your broader group will live or be happy. All other known evils were at least self interested in androcentrism, while your ideology is against it. Everything we know is just human, our whole world is just human and you are trying to destroy it.
So its over for a friendless incel like me lol. And ive noticed college is more of a social endeavor than a learning institution. Thats why ivy leagues are so popular cause you get to be around rich people and influential people all the time and have easier access to the upper ranks of society .
You are going to have an easier time finding love if you go into a blue collar position than if you continue college.
I dropped out a long time ago to pursue McDonald's management. I quit at $17/hr, but I met my first and only girlfriend in the meantime. She cheated on me after I started at Costco, but I'm coming to terms that it wasn't much of a loss because she looked exactly like what happens when you eat McDonald's every day of your life.
You are bootlicker trying to keep the status quo
You are imbecile who believes he has enough materials in crowd sourcing to compete with big tech. You also missed my whole argument. You can regulate few closed source companies, you can stop them trough law, you cant stop decentralised network. Artfags cared about it because it destroyed them. Open sourced models that can run on gaming pcs are more dangerous to them, only because it is impossible to regulate. Deepfake technology is objectively evil tech that only makes society worse. There isnt a thing you can do with deepfakes that you couldnt do without them, but with them you can cause defamation or fake evidence. Even worse, you could make real evidence invalid with it. Would I prefer deepfake tech to be only held by few big companies, yes, yes absolutely, and you are either idiot or psychopath to think otherwise. One company making deepfakes is not a big deal, you could also force them to not use it at all, or to remove the tech from existence by just deleting it like any other softwere. If you gave it to everybody, the world would be out of control, evidence would mean nothing and you could setup farms for creating free content with it.
All animals are bad, all plants act selfishly, all the altruistic creatures are cooperating only to facilitate their own genes
humans are unique in that they are moral agents. they are capable of making moral decisions. they are capable of doing evil and good
animals are not. they are not intelligent enough. animals cannot reasonably be held morally responsible for their actions, because they dont know wtf is going on. animals kill their children all the time, out of instincts, they dont understand wrong and right. i literally saw a fucking squirrel kill its baby children one time walking to the library
animals dont have moral agency, therefor cannot be moral failures. humans do have moral agency, and fail spectacularly on all moral issues. thats why its justified to hate humans, because humans are not innocent, where as animals are
you fucking retard
Humans invented morality
another 16 year old shit take. morality could easily be argued to be objective and outside of anyone's experience of it. most philosophy professors believe its objective, the way we use language indicates that most people intuitively feel its objective. god damn you're stupid
Misanthropes are evil because they wish harm to people for the sake of it
no, misanthropes dont wish to hard people. they wish people would be good and not worthy of hatred. but people deserve hatred for their moral failures. thats why misanthropes hate them. some misanthropes also with for an apocalypse, like myself, because they think humans are a cancer on this world
but in the place of humans every other creature would do the same
L take and projection. lol, what a pathetic take, honestly
People are not evil
Misanthropes are evil
hey retard, do you know what a contradiction is? its when you state something as fact and its opposite as fact. thats what you did. you cant say people are not evil but misanthropes are evil. this is a contradiction, you fucking crosseyed retard
Both OP of reddit and OP of this thread are retarded. ML algorithms can't write efficient code.
Keep lying to yourself code monkey .
Yet. I thought art would be harder to automate than code, but here we are.
Fuck no im not breaking my back for this soiciety NPNW
too bad bootlicker, I love decentralization, I love people having the exact same technology as corps and governments do, I love encryption, I love anonymity, I love the internet, I love people from anywhere being able to collaborate and build things without needing complex social infrastructure like corporate hierarchies and faggot influence wielders and so on.
oh noooo someone will make a deepfake of Biden ordering a nuclear launch while dressed in a nazi unform
learn to build a proper digital identity then? make governments and corpos sign any official release with public keys, as one example. don't be a typical fearmongering normie. use the power you have instead of being scared of it.
we have seen how well your """regulation""" of corps is going, it has never worked in the past and it never will in the future. the only counter is to empower people so that we can take action when we want.
genies never go back into the bottle, you only fight them by creating even bigger genies.
too bad bootlicker, I love decentralization, I love people having the exact same technology as corps and governments do, I love encryption, I love anonymity, I love the internet, I love people from anywhere being able to collaborate and build things without needing complex social infrastructure like corporate hierarchies and faggot influence wielders and so on.
man, fuck all of that, honestly
ai is good because it will automate away all jobs and destroy society. the amount of societal problems this will cause is hard to appreciate
NPNW
ummm...
hello? based department?
its posts like these have have me dying of laughing, honestly
lol
