Help me comprehend it. What exactly is that "love" that you say women cannot understand nor give?
Real men love Jesus. Every other man will only love you for childish emotional cuddles or brute sex.
Addiction to a specific person but its not sexual
It's mainly loyalty and duty. My dad went out his way multiple times to give my mom and us a better life but any woman in his position would just try to find a "better" man. Bigger jawline, taller and more money
So basically men value honour. Benit towards others or yourself. That's your love
And what's your love? Constantly monkey branching to find the best you can get?
Imagine pulling to the ground by her hair and peeling her dress off like a banana skin
It was a statement, not an attack. I appreciate that fyi
Oh okay but what does it mean to you? I'm curious
Love needs the the general ability to understand arguments and intentions of others beyond mere social mimicry which 90% of humans lack, it's not just a women thing. Male/female love relationship is only possible under the framework of "authenticity" among other identity formation technology - this is no longer the most popular form of identity formation for most people, current one is profilicity which has to do with self identity by recognition of curated "general others" so love is simply not possible there even though they seem to mimic the behavioral aspects of it even if they are the capable 10%. love involves recognition of someone's true self to the degree of having no hesitation to be fully open and honest about everything including sexual interests (not because they won't make fun of you or not turn you in but because they're capable of fully understanding you) and not necessarily actual true recognition but the sense and aligned intention. And true self as in inner self, not exterior curated list of preferences or honest recognition of role and their desire to fulfill it but inner psychological being and intention.
People who are capable of love has to have the understanding ability(10% of humans) + has formed their identity under frame of authenticity (maybe 30% of the 10%) + has to be naturally non-psychopathic, not merely not act psychopathic because of social pressure and punishment and only in good and calm times(maybe 50% of those with understanding ability). So that's 1.5% of humans or 0.75% of opposite gender who are capable of love and looks, age and social context etc will further limit the type of interaction and familiarity with these people if you are one to get into a love relationship, chances aren't that great.
It would probably be having a high enough of self-respect to know how not to hurt those I, by duty of choice, chose to love and how to enhance their lives based on their needs. To love and protect not for the sake of getting back but for the sake of the greater good and keeping a pure soul.
The majority of people here haven't really felt real love in their lives, they just felt the need to be with a pretty girl from social media. They don't really want to kiss her, marry her, be with her, they just want to fuck her, be the girl they idealize as perfect. They don't even see how they can be together, it's just a love they know will never exist, so they fantasize and that's how this place got filled with 16yo egirls with 100 hundred orbiters.
Those who have had their brains consumed by the Internet see their actions as a reflection of the Internet, not the Internet as a reflection of their actions.
I think OP is trying to figure out if there's some kind of grander or deeper meaning behind men and their desire to love a woman.
OP, men have a very deep and powerful compulsion to protect a woman and to take care of her.
But... no, I want to open you (and other men) up to the possibility that there isn't necessarily much to it when you break it down.
Men can be very simple creatures in some aspects.
If you give a man an opportunity to take care of a smaller, weaker thing, then there's a very good chance that he'll take it, and likelihood that he'll dedicate himself to it with an undying loyalty without ever reconsidering why is like 1:1.
It applies to animals, children, siblings, perhaps disabled people.
It applies to women too, it just shows up in the form of an interpersonal relationship where sex is involved.
why
We're built for it.
Because we're built for it, we get hits of feel-good chemicals when we do it.
Why do women like wearing nice clothing.
Why do women like wearing shiny objects.
Why do women like the scent of lavender.
No reason.
I mean, there is a reason, but it's not any more complicated than "sparkly things look pretty and signal that you're a candidate with strong female genes" if someone's going to reproduce with you.
Pretty strong.
Men fighting in World War 2 suffered through some of the worst living conditions imaginable when they weren't being directly shot at or having their lives put at stake.
People in the trenches specifically lived in conditions that would be described as "complete and total shit" if you lacked imagination. They lived in a literal hole in the ground where the walls were made of mud, they ate scraps of bread and rotting fruit while their feet literally rotted and fell off.
But they had an image of their gal back home inside a pocketwatch that they could look at as they nodded off to get 5 hours of terrible sleep inbetween gunshots and explosions. So... whatever.
My jaded simplified autistic take: 
Men can get very emotionally devoted to a single woman. They will do a lot and sacrifice themselves for her. However I don't believe women have appreciation for such a thing, nor it's in a woman's interest to show such a dedication back, or even to just stay with him. They might even take it as a sign of him being desperate and pathetic. As such hearts will be broken. Society brainwashes men to think women are more emotional and have more feelings and shit. This makes men assume women will reciprocate their love, but no. This is why most men are emotionally broken wrecks, and those who are not are chads who won't have love at all for 99% of women they fuck and will discard them after sex. Hypergamous nature of women and sexual market value incels talk about are related subjects to this. Men who are not redpilled on this reality will end up as a traumatized mess as most do.
I think the cope is to consciously lie down life objectives and boundaries of both partners, and have enough IQ to think rationally and override whatever bullshit that pops up.
true love is when you would everything to please a man, tha simpl.
i spoke to 100s of robots and all of them were incpable of loving me. irony of moids here talking about women being unable to love lmao
I re-read the last sentence and damn that's really cope. How can you have a *real* relationship with a woman that does not have endless passion for you, really really? Maybe 99% of relationships *are* fucked!
Most robots are already completely blackpilled and blunted I guess.
STFU foid, go wash the stinky worthless hole between your worthless legs.
blackpill is lies lmao
John 15:13 
Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
