people make things up about you that aren't true
people believe it
tell people it's not true
they go "yes it's true look at this post" and reference the post where someone just made something up
Why doesn't Retard-san have an army of simps and orbiters the same way that every other r9k girl does?
get caught out
blame mysterious imitators
deny deny deny
ACK!
Then just go away? Clearly people here don't like you so that would be the best solution
the best solution
absolutely not. these threads are always absolute goldmines for keks.
By god. You people are so obsessed with yourselves. This wouldn't be happening if you just stayed on discord. And it's always a fucking animenigger. Die
Because Retard-san isn't a woman, it's a tranny. Hence the only people who care are chasers. But it already is dating one so no one is left to care. Also shit personality + humble bragging + facetious intentions. Also Tranny-kun always is always looking to argue so no one likes Retard-san by association.
Anon I saw the things you've been posting. You bad bad boy!
because I don't slut out like they do?
This is my home board I have been here for years, I don't want to leave.
It's because you're a gross tranny you disgusting bitch
She is a qt girl though. "Bio girl" isn't a real concept. It isn't like scientific at all. It's a misuse of the words. She is trans, though.
What do you mean by shit personality?
guess another night of cutting myself. dont you tire of this
Negative Nelly c'mon we talked about this. Turn your filters on, you silly billy.
That's a way you can cope with dating a man basically but okay
She is a cute girl, though. She looks like Kurisu with her long, beautiful hair. Even while boymoding.
can you at least give me a word to cut
It's fucking funny they even talk like children
Most femcels have this happen to them.
I bet it looks like a man still. Having long hair isn't the only female characteristic.
People will believe what they want to believe regardless of if it's true and regardless of whether they actually have proof or not. The only way to win is to Gaddafimaxx, say it's all true, and make everyone seethe to the point that they assassinate you.
His grandma still thinks of him as a man so there's your answer. If he passed him being a tranny wouldn't be a secret
