would you date a girl if she had a fwb and wouldn't leave him but would only love you?
fuck no
original post
Date
I guess it is when I would find out useful information like this about her during the stage we get to know each other.
Relationship
No.
It isn't even that I have a huge problem with non-monogamy. It's that it's clear the girl needs to work out her priorities and sort out her feelings about this "friend" and I really don't care to be dragged into that kind of drama as a 3rd wheel.
sure if this fwb lets me have access to his bank account
would i date a whore?
no. not at all. the whole thing stinks.
why not?
we're not really friends. he just rails me most days. there's no attachment to him. i want a bf, not him.
he's a neet i met on /soc/ so sure.
i shower daily.
No. True monogamy or gtfo.
Thou shall not take dick beside mine, so sayth Anon.
i didnt mean it literally retard. it still doesnt change the fact that the whole thing stinks. it sucks. its gross. its disgusting. its degen. do you really think showering daily is gonna change that? did you really think coming here out of all places is gonna validate you? just find a man with a cuck fetish. theyre the lowest subhuman faggot trash. ez win for you. 
go the fuck back to soc you attention whore.
wouldn't leave him
No. I'm not into ntr or sharing. She's mine.
No one can serve two masters; for either she will hate the one and love the other, or she will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot be committed and casual.
what if i never bring him up?
i don't want a cuck in particular. just a guy whos cool with it will be good.
sharing my body isnt fine??
i wouldn't date a christian anyways
Oh, so we are roleplaying now I guess. Fine
we're not really friends. he just rails me most days. there's no attachment to him. i want a bf, not him.
I then have to ask, what are you looking for in a boyfriend. Why do you want a boyfriend, and what are your plans involving said boyfriend.
Because right now it just seems like you are cynically monkey branching up to a upgrade but afraid of the possibility of being alone while you look for a better guy who you would want as a boyfriend.
What's to say if a hypothetical person like me tried to build a relationship, that you wouldn't just trade me in too the second you locked down a better option?
Plus the whole situation is inherently unfair.
I doubt you would be ok with your potential boyfriend that you get heavily invested in, having the habit of going out every now and then to fuck whores on the side, or have a second woman that he spends large amount of his money on.
is that a situation that you're currently in?
we're not really friends. he just rails me most days. there's no attachment to him. i want a bf, not him.
If this is real then you're a whore and any love that you find will never be real, because you will be involved in it
I hope that one day you find yourself in a situation where you can truly learn that you are human scum, and you feel all the guilt and shame that you deserve to feel at being unable to master your worst qualities
i wouldn't date a christian anyways
If you can't sacrifice a casual relationship for a committed one then the casual is above the committed. If casualness is what you value most then no bf can be above casual. Do you expect any desire for any particular bf to last past the honeymoon phase while you have a fwb?
if he has a fwb idc. i just want a bf to love me and i love him and were only for each other.
yes exactly.
how am i scum???
yes i can love a man forever.
how am i scum???
I said in the post you dumb cooze, because you can't master your worst qualities
But now it's obvious that you're scum because you don't fucking know how to read
stop replying to this obvious fucking bait retards. all fields.
you are a repugnant human being.
if he has a fwb idc. i just want a bf to love me and i love him and were only for each other.
and were only for each other.
*Facepalms*
You know what, I am just going to ignore it.
Instead I am going to ask you, what is love  baby don't hurt me, as in what do you think it is, what are your expectations of it, and why do you want it?
Big question, so take your time and think about it before answering.
what if i never bring him up?
how about you never take him inside?
how is it bad to want a guy to please me sexually?
how??
i want to get married with him and maybe have a child. we wouldnt have fwb on the side by then probably.
he's already used to cumming inside but i could make him stop.
Sure but what if your bf also had a fwb? Is that okay then?
Would she be comfortable with jerking me off while she plays homemade sex videos of her with her fwb?
i want to get married with him and maybe have a child. we wouldnt have fwb on the side by then probably
So you ignored the question I asked and answered a question I never asked.
Ok, now I am bored.
Bye.
How about we be fwb instead, why would I pay for something when I get it for free
sharing my body isnt fine??
Yes, a real man wouldn't settle for anything less than exclusive access, the value of your holes is diminished when other people are free to use them
no one asked the million dollar question. does your fwb have a big dick? is he handsome? despite being a neet, he obviously brings something to the table. 
why can't you leave him.
i want to get married with him and maybe have a child. we wouldnt have fwb on the side by then probably.
Why would you want to wait until you're married to stop having the fwb on the side?
Couldn't you simply stop having the fwb on the side after you start having a real boyfriend?
If you need a guy on the side that would tell me you're not satisfied by me which is why I wouldn't feel good about it. If you had a boyfriend who was better than the fwb in looks and in sex then you probably wouldn't bother seeing the fwb still.
The reason you would see him still is the boyfriend likely won't be as good looking and/or won't be having sex with you that you enjoy more compared to the other guy. Which would be worse than not havig a girlfriend at all. At least with no girlfriend you don't have to think about how your girlfriend prefers another guy.
i want to get married with him and maybe have a child. we wouldnt have fwb on the side by then probably.
Why do you expect your bf to wait however many years it takes you to stop seeing the guy?
No that is incredibly disgusting. I wouldn't even be friends with you if I knew you were having casual sex with someone.
vidrel (no, i wouldn't date you)
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/2iJ_f8LI614
I have sex with him, but I make love to you
The entitlement of this fucking roastie is off the charts.
Fuck no, that's vile. Only a cuck is going to be alright with getting remotely close to you whilst you're being fucked by some other dude.
i want a bf, not him.
That doesn't seem like it
my ex wanted that only because the other guy kept rejecting her....so no i wouldnt
