Why is a man being a 30 year old virgin so unbelievable to women?
https://twitter.com/i/status/1646720416642134016
i would gladly remain a virgin as well if my only options were repulsive ghetto sheboons............
because at least you could've gotten your dick sucked once if you tried a bit harder considering you're the average man.
ask her if shed fuck him on the spot
then his point will be proven to her
Well that's why she mentioned fat ugly girls, she knows she and other pretty girls would never fuck him.
Is Chad the Virgin?
Why would Marco fuck fat ugly girls when he's decent looking and fit? Also, pretty sure he's bisexual so he can fuck hot men if he wants but it's a matter of dignity for him
? She is an ugly girl bro.
shes nothing special either retard.
Its almost like your value in the dating isn't determined purely by looks as a man...
Woah..
That's just good enough to get fat chicks to be honest. People need to realize that a women of healthy weight and decent face is worth her weight in gold in today's dating market.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder anon.
The sheer bewilderment of the hosts
Yeah, I hate the incel lookism argument, looks are usually pretty easy to fix, and the fact women always date older guys even though most people get uglier as they age. It's mostly projection. 
Women are by large followers who rarely think for themselves. They want to know other people fear and respect you. Basically a popularity contest more than anything, which should be obvious to anyone who went to middle school. It's why like 95% of relationship are either in friend groups or on social media where they can watch you be literally judged and rated by others publically.
Because nothing screams mentally ill loser more than not ever having had a gf.
I don't think your a mentally ill loser, anon :)
?? He's volcel because only fat/ugly women have shown interest in him. He says so multiple times
If you're okay with fat chicks then good for you. I'm not okay with fat chicks and I'm decent looking and fit like marco so I'm prepared to die a virgin
