Daily reminder that if you love your parents, you are most likely a coping cuck.
Don't watch this: https://player.vimeo.com/video/501546889
my parents are amazing,sorry not even your parents love you,fag
Holy shit. You're such a fucking loser. You actually believe that garbage?
Nice stolen opinion
#NotMyParents
If you are still alive then you are a coping cuck. Life is about being a coping cuck. You love your parents because they're all you've got. They're the only people who will have your back 100% of the time no matter what. Get addicted to drugs and become homeless and see if any of your "friends" actually stick around. Or better yet, watch time do that anyway as they all get married and become too preoccupied with their "lives" to even acknowledge you exist. Meanwhile, Mom and Dad's house is there for you to visit any time you want.
perks of being their slave for 18 years
i dont have many standards as a volcel but one of them is taking care of your mom and pop. if a guy doesn't do things to help his blood, i feel like i can't rely on him for our potential kids' sakes.
Interesting pic related. Clockwork was better desu. Please tell me there's one of clockwork...
https://player.vimeo.com/video/501546889
What channel is this? I tried the format https://vimeo.com/501546889 404?
mrgirl
Correct, but shan't be watching
Most mature and real post on r9k today.
I love my mom because she will always be there for me. She calls me regularly just to see how im doing. I feel bad I dont do the same often now that shes old and alone - I probably should.
You should call her more anon, it's nice she calls you regularly so you must have a good bond already 
I talk to my mum on the phone almost every day and I visit her at least once a week
he is permabanned from most sites, his old videos are here https://maxkarson.com/videos
https://maxkarson.com/videos
Thank you
permabanned
Wonder why...
I find it strange how there are a lot of people out there that don't like how they received therapy and meds when they were kids. I really needed that shit, my dad would just accuse me of faking me behavior so I can get neetbucks and not work... at age 5.
90% of parents should've never been allowed to procreate --
