Not big enough to impress anyone
Not small enough to share small dick feels with the boys
Hey I'm 7.5 and not even girthy and I do just fine. You actually are big enough to impress more innocent women, and you're just long enough that you have a good chance of actually stimulating certain areas. It's also enough for anyone that isn't a size-queen to consider you bf material.
Do a little research into female anatomy, git gud at foreplay, work on you cardio, and more specifically check out the specific angle the g-spot needs to be stimulated. Once you've been going for a while and you're both all worked up, get her in the prone position and fuck straight down. Not sure how else to explain it, but you're almost angling your dick backwards, and it winds up almost fucking her in the g-spot itself.
I hate being 7 inch and half small pp
feels bad man
boohooo my dick is completely normal but I can't relate to bottom of the barrel trash 
Why do you keep making same bait threads?
The G-spot also isn't at the back of the vaginal canal, it's relatively shallow along the outer wall. So that last tip still works for shorter lengths too, though obviously you mileage may vary. The same way dicks come in all shapes and sizes, so do vaginas, it's just not as apparent.
The same way dicks come in all shapes and sizes, so do vaginas, it's just not as apparent.
We need standardized sex organs NOW
lol we just invented CRISPER tech, gonna be a while before we just give everyone a monster cock by default. But I've actually fucked petite women who said they had to reject guys for being too big before. Imagine being doomed to slutty size-queens only. I'm sure some guys wouldn't mind, but surely there's another way?
Its tough being an attractive incel. I'm not a midget but I'm shorter than average. I'm not a indian but I'm brown. I have a 19cm dick but that just makes masturbation worse. I'm ripped but I put a shirt on and Iook like that 4channer that got arrested.
If i were a 4ft tall tiny dick'd manchild it would be easier to accept my situation. But being on the border of acceptable just makes it worse. No body believes I'm an incel but nobody wants to talk to me or have sex.
I can't enjoy porn about chad and I can't pretend to be some loser I'm physically not. I have no media I can escape into and no real world to live in.
lol we just invented CRISPER tech, gonna be a while before we just give everyone a monster cock by default.
And I hope you do mean everyone
Women have a bunch of gspots dumbass
We don't even know how many gspots women actually have
7 inch same here
Not big enough to impress anyone
lol stop fucking lying 7 inch is like god size
you are literally big enough to be considered big and its not even uncomfortable-big so you can fit it comfortably
T40SAN
Fuck you, I'd be so happy with 7 inches. 
That's the ideal size.
imo girth is more important. 
i have only been with one guy (my bf at that time), but i couldnt take him unless he teased me and built me up a lot. girth makes penetration more enjoyable, for both parties, i think. 
as long as you have the girth and youre not a pencil dick, you should be fine. 7 inches is really big.
Keep it real, boyz.
7 inch is about 17 cm.
I'm 7in and most girls say I'm gifted in that way. With my gf most of her gasps are thrusting around the entrance of her pussy. It's not just one spot.
Nah, more like 18cm. 
It really is a shame. I'd be a lot more confident at that size
If you have a gf why are you here......
This is such an original post
When I am standing there in a crowd I always remember I have a tiny 7 inch and I hide at the back so people wont look at me and know my shame
*looks at you*
origo
DON'T SHAME ME !!
DON'T LOOK AT ME!!
*hides behind the old lady and covers his crotch
anterior and posterior forix (A and C spots)
