PING PONG DING DONG-ACK
t. Pic
t. PENG DONG PING GONG-ACK
white women rav us asian men, bro. they rav the BAC, bro, really, bro.
kek, azns are not making these threads tho
its just a triggered mayo thats seething at us.
absolutely mind broken by whats occurring out in the real world.
koreans just cant ever lose. lets all leave jbk bros. let him cry in peace.
azn sisters.. i don't feel so good
Bro this may come as a shock to you, but the mainstream media or reddit are not creddible sources of information, sorry to be breaking it to you.
Sure but reality is though
sure, but look at this mainstream media press release though
China is unironically nuke bait. You know this.
All white men need to go fuck asian women all white women need to go fuck asian men and then europe and america become part of china because everyone asian :)
cope
Cope
Lol
Lmao
It's over for the asian race
You'll get over your reddit phase someday, dont worry
You dumb fucking chink. Do you think you're one of the good ones? Kys
Why do you hate the mainstream media and the wef when they are on your side?
You'll jump someday, don't worry
Why would i jump? My future looks brighter than ever, the west ehh, not so much
seething mayocel makes thread cause he gets BTFO in Korean threads
random chinese chink starts replying too him
mayo cuck thinks its one of us jbkchads
no idea why mayos think posting shit about China is gonna hurt the feelings of Koreans or SEA monkeys lol mental gymnastic copes i guess
Here's your future lol
73004550
LING LONG DING DONG-ACK
This is the most ridiculously brutal fucking picture on the Internet, it could have been AI generated. Asian males were over the moment this was taken.
two girls for the mid and right white guy, one for the guy on the left.
perfectly balanced
This is largely cope because koreans aren't chinks
I live close to a university with a good amount of Asian exchange students. Ever so often I fuck one of them. When we walk around the city, occasionally we walk past Asian men and it's always a great delight.
The girls are fun at first, but too basic desu.
Alright Kim have it your way.
Chink grandpa loser here
CNN is pro chi-com who made this shit
God the pain in his eyes
WMAF might just be the only interracial pairing in the world where the white guy is more obsessed with what the other race's men think instead of focusing on the women.
may-ACK
You losers need to stop being racist.
Its the exact opposite. Its not only the singular form of IR that is a real phenomenon or trend, but its entirely driven by the women.
All other IR is cope racebait by seething incels on 4chan. wmaf is an actual thing and its a result of asian womens preferences.
This is the objectively correct assesment but you continue denying denying denying pretending its not real, pretending you arent mad about it, and posting anti white racebait to cope about it. I pity you.
Your meme will only makes us limit the selling of semiconductor even more
You won't because USA owns you.
Japan passport
Is the one fucking the girl a Japanese dude? Kek
