Why do normies want children so much? 
kills any sex life of most marriages due to causing insane stress and time constraints 
literally turns your wife into an asexual roommate 
essentially gives you a second job 
costs 300k to raise a child to 18
Biologically hardwired to reproduce, retard.
That's a bad AI.
Children are supposed to make you happier, and indeed they used to. But our current societal structure unfortunately makes having children a burden more than anything, which isnt how it should be.
I have to wonder how many of the "less cheerful with children" people were raising their child(ren) single
Happily married couples with children might outnumber the childless happiness people
Why is it any more or less dumb than spending your life on other memes like travel, or partying, or hobbies, or religion, or politics?
All of them are time and money sinks we engage in while we all wait to die.
How about spending your life on 4chan?
Normies don't give it a second thought. Ask someone with kids WHY they wanted to have kids and they'll look at you like you have three heads.
why do normies want to eat food?
wastes time
costs money
not good for you
basically less time spent on sex
I know you don't think you are retarded, but trust me you have a low IQ.
wrong. we're biologically hardwired to fuck because it feels good.
china had a one-child policy for awhile, then it was abolished, and now their leaders are panicking because the people are still doing the one-child thing on their own. when the cultural pressure to have a family was removed, there was no "biologic hardwiring" to bring it back. it was gone.
and normies don't want children. America's fertility rate is 1.8 and 45% of kids are accidents - you guess based on this how badly people want kids
Nice false equivalency. 
Eating isn't wasting time, though, and it is good for you unless you just eat junk.
Also sex is pretty important to relationships, and eating does not take a fraction of the time raising a child every day does. 
I think you're the retard in this situation, anon.
false equivalency
Strawman. You missed the point completely. When people talk about how much they love their kids, they don't say "uhhh time constraints" you fucking moron.
That's what you have sex for, dummy.
"uhhh time constraints"
Not necessarily, but definitely adds to your daily stress.
being brainwashed to think it's expensive or unnatural to raise a kid.
meanwhile, this dumb fuck is probably sitting in a chair and using a computer
unnatural to raise a kid.
I didn't say that at all
had a kid. girl I married was smart, hot, and I wanted my genes passed on. She wanted hers passed on, as well. we stayed together until it was no longer fun. then we divorced but still love our daughter. she's super cool.
now, I just date around and feel 0 pressure to perform. it's great.
I don't treat my kid like a second job or a time constraint. You're a fool but I hope you're a happy fool.
costs 300k to raise a child to 18
thats only if you want a successful and responsible adult child with autonomy. raising a trauma afflicted drug addict or state dependent neet takes very little money actually.
Well, if I raised children I wouldn't want them to live a miserable life.
There are many people out there who are just incredibly stressed about their financial situation and barely scraping by as is, throw a baby into the mix and it's even more stressful knowing that you're already flat broke and that your child is going to be raised in a poor environment
You're going to be stressed, baby or not. I have loser coworkers with no kids that are just as stressed as I am, but at least I have kids, a wife, and a cool car to show for it.
Hedonic adaptation makes the stress level completely identical. The things that used to stress me out don't even register as problems anymore, because I have a really young child that I take care of. You're right that some people are too poor or dumb to rightfully have kids, but OP was asking about normies.
(((they))) tell everyone how miserable people who have children are.
goyim forget what generational wealth is
(((they))) retain all the wealth and power through generations while the goyim who do reproduce have no idea what they're doing
(((they))) tell everyone how miserable people who have children are.
less people (((they))) can use as wageslaves
less people to consoom for globohomo
less people to act as cannon fodder to MIGA
And who programmed us...and why?
What do we get from leaving our genes here?
So there's another dude with HALF of my genes running around...what of it?
Not against it but curious about the deeper reward behind it
I always thought the depopulation conspiracy shit was dumb. If anything they want to keep growing and expanding- that's neoliberalism 101.
This
Plus what age are they asking?
That varies a lot
I do know that the happiest people are generally people who attend religious services weekly among every demographic
I didn't but I just turned 30 and it hit me
The deeper reward is that you left a mark on this shitty world that will out last you even when you are forgotten. For most having a child is the easiest method to doing this without creating a large business or doing something worthy of record. its pretty much akin to a cosmic graffiti but it provides meaning to many who never found it.
we stayed together until it was no longer fun. then we divorced
kek the modern family, everyone. what a joke
