Alone in the elevator with your neighbor milf Edition
It's the weekly momcest thread, part 2 since it's only Tuesday and last one was very active. You guys know what it is all about, share pictures and thoughts on milfs or your own lovely mom.
Previous thread: https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72989321/
They can't stand seeing so much pure mommylove... Horrible people.
any raccomandation on good mom porn?
videos, less known pornstars that look like moms and not 30 y.o.?
i guess anything goes
Part I highlights:
Gothmom-bro's update
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72989321/#q72994131
Ass-masseur's newest episode
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72989321/#q72991707
Search "maminoma" on xhamster
good russian stuff
Also, errands-mom showing some interest
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72989321/#q72996800
And shortstack bro started poking!
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72989321/#q72999068
we're all gonna make it.
neighbor milf
MOMcest general
Looks like aunt-femanon decided she's contributed enough :'(
what does MILF stand for, anon?
We're back, mommybros! Mom love all week long
Bettie Bondage has some good roleplay vids. I also like some of Kathia Nobili's content.
best part
Conducting a momcest survey. (1/3)
Conducting a momcest survey. (2/3)
Conducting a momcest survey. (3/3)
The Hank hill
Watermelons
Injun
Pancakes and syrup.
Mangoes.
Latina(mostly).
pancake melon white
Need thicc latina mom demanding to check my cock
I WISH I could see mom naked or with just under wear. I just want to see what her body actually looks like nowadays. She seems hot while clothed.
ahh i miss going to the beach with my family. when i was younger and i saw my mom in a two piece bikini i got so fucking hard.
pancakes and syrup
mega melons
eastern european
By doing that, you are allowing a woman to dominate you, which is beta.
when i was younger and i saw my mom in a two piece bikini i got so fucking hard.
Are you the guy with the mom that wore a thong bikini on a family vacation?
Momcest is kinda submissive by default, wouldnt you say?
nope different anon, i barely post here
HOLY SUCCUSE?
wanting to conquer and claim your mom
submissive by default
You guys are mentally ill degenerates.
You haven't read a lot of success stories, have you...
Uhhh most of them the mothers have the hots for the sons?
the typo is such a turn off
jannies can't stand to see men loving their mothers as women while their own mothers only see them as a burden
Sad, many such cases
Hope they didnt fucking jinx it. We had a nice pace in the last one
I look like my mom in a lot of ways, mainly the aforementioned beauty mark. I wonder how that scenario would go, sure we can perhaps pass as a couple with age gap at first glance but I kinda look like the male version of her lol
Surely everyone would know we are mother and son and be weirded out by us kissing but won't question it.
That's so incredibly hot to think about.
Did you call her to make amends?
Twice since then.
I think we are cool now.
Do you think she kinda understands you wanna fuck her? All that neck kissing and hugging...
Gothmom anon again. Didn't get chance to reply before tranny jannies killed the thread so I'll reply now.
Wasn't expecting so many people to follow what has been happening. Hope it inspires more anons.
She full on hand around cock grabbed it and rubbed slowly through the pants. 
Well my aunt is my mom's younger sister. She's 35 and looks like my mom so I am very into her but we aren't close enough for anything like that to happen
We had a family wedding once. Mom was all done up with makeup + classy dress and it was at a park so there were all gazebos and stuff. We slipped away and fucked and she spent the rest of the wedding with my load in her. That was hot. I could go into that one if you want. She was feeling very lovey dovey after seeing the wedding so we went home and had slow passionate sex too.
Towards the end she started to cry a lot more saying we need to stop because she wants me to have normal relationships etc. So she said the weekend was the last time. We spent the Saturday and Sunday fucking continuously, didn't leave the house at all. That lasted a week and then we started up again. That was one of the times her period ended up late.
I'm rooting for gothmom-anon so hard it's unreal
I'm an autistic volcel retard who has minimal experience with intimate relationships so bare with me.
How sexual is neck kissing? Because I'm doing it a lot.
Do you think it's obvious at this point? I wish I could worship her neck properly but it's mainly soft kisses and nuzzling.
she knows how much I love her
she probably knows how hot I think she looks (Although I need to make it more obvious)
she knows I like to be very touchy with her
she knows how jealous I'm over her and she enjoys the attention
This is all out of the blue for her, she probably thinks her prayers have been answered and I just became a good son with time. We used to fight 24/7 and after her divorce we became distant for a long, long time. I was really awful as a son. But logically, deep down, she probably knows its just puberty making me attracted to her.
gothmom-anon
qrd? what's with the name?
He has anemic mom thats pale as ghost and wears mascara
My mom has raven black hair, bright green eyes, likes mascara and is a little anemic so that plus naturally fair skin makes her super pale.
HOT! I like unique mommies.
brosis, is this you? are you back with us?
Yeah, I'm in most incest threads, at least to read. Lots of downtime at work and I like most close family pairings so these threads are nice reading material while I sit in my office
well, i sure was annoyed with the scgs failing, cuz i enjoyed chatting and reading your updates. are you still getting regular action?
full on hand around cock grabbed it and rubbed slowly
gothmom-bro... what is there even left to wonder about? you.her.alone.momcest.
That lasted a week and then we started up again
just like chad-anon....
 I could go into that one if you want
if there are more details to share, absolutely
are you still getting regular action?
Yeah, pretty regularly. Still not as often as I'd like but that's how it is I guess. Better than not at all or just every few months
How sexual is neck kissing? Because I'm doing it a lot
it's VERY sexual. One of the most sexual things one could possibly do, actually. It's an erogenous zone and gets women really horny. How does she react? Does she moan a bit or anything?..
I think even a-m is reluctant to try it yet (or was it op masseur)
Your situation is so similar to analbro (if I may), that it's uncanny...
Story behind analbro?
Is it? I'd have to look through the archives to compare but I'll take your word on it for now. I'm just glad I get to see my brother more often nowadays. Even outside the sex stuff I just like spending time with him and get lonely. Not gonna talk about all that too much since this is the mom thread though.
a tdlr >>72995787 
That was hot. I could go into that one if you want.
Please do.
She was feeling very lovey dovey after seeing the wedding so we went home and had slow passionate sex too.
That sounds just wonderful.
or was it op masseur
I've been neck kissing my mom since last year. Not too passionately most of the time, but I'll fix that.
she probably thinks her prayers have been answered and I just became a good son with time
literal kek
Sauce holy fuck? Is it a full game?
Have you been spreading her buttcheeks to let her feel the breeze, like a-m??
What was your first fap to mom like? Mine was to her butt in leggings. Her butt looked so nice that I ended up taking a photo of it. Later that day I jerked off to it and it felt amazing.
Well that's the thing. Ever since she has called it off, she has always been super touchy (first time she's touched my dick since she called it off though) and flirty and I've done the same. That's what pisses me off. I KNOW she still wants it but she's told herself and me it's for my good so I can be "normal"
Yeh, she hadn't built the resolve to stop and we ended up fucking again a few more times before she called it off.
Wedding:
we were all together before the ceremony having some light drinks
talking with family, me and mom end up alone and flirting a little. Tell her she looks gorgeous
she tells me "come with me quick"
the gazebos were set up along the bushes so we slipped between the bushes and gazebo when no one was looking.
I'm stood there while my mom is on her knees blowing me and I can here my family talking away
she hikes up her skirt and leans forward
I start fucking but I'm taking my time to enjoy it
she told me to hurry up so I fucked her harder and came inside while she was trying not to make a noise.
later while we were sat at the aisle she looked an my frowning and said "this is your fault"
spent the ceremony hard knowing she could feel all the cum
After wedding:
we were at home and showered
she told me to come upstairs with her
in the room she started rubbing and kissing me and said something along the lines of "you had your fun at the wedding but i didn't finish. It's my turn now"
she pushed my head between her legs and had me suck her clit and finger her slow
we started fucking and she made me go super slow and passionate while making out
when we were both close she pulled her knees up to her chest and said "let it out deep"
the slow build made it one of the best orgasms I've ever had.
It's stuff like that why I'm crazy for her and it drives me insane that she denied me any more after all we'd done.
Oh fuck yes, another thread is up. I thought I'd have to wait until Monday again.
This is analbro, who are you talking to and give me a rundown on them. It'd blow me away to know someone else out there was in the same position and did the same thing. I would feel less isolated.
Quick rundown, fucked up household, me and sis had each other, fell in love, stupid teenagers scared of pregnancy, fucked exclusively anal for years.
As as per tradition, she barely shows any reaction.
She probably enjoys it, I refuse to believe otherwise. But I still want to hear her sweet moans that I miss so much. Perhaps I should make it more passionate.
As funny as it may sound, knowing her it is probably the case.
she's told herself and me it's for my good so I can be "normal"
well, and I think you kinda achieved that, by showing you can get gfs and have relationships.
But you're not at the point where the momcest sagas usually start (early/mid 40s mom &amp; early 20s son). And people marry around their 30s currently. So you got like a solid decade to have her as your mommywife. You can talk about this with her after you restart.
That is pretty similar yeah
I'll do a tl;dr on my brother and I
abusive home, only had him I could trust for a long time
fell in love, probably at least partly because I have severe trust and abandonment issues now
started sleeping together as adults, though he's married
meet up every couple weeks to hang out, watch/play stuff we have nostalgia for, and sleep together
trying (again) to have a child right now
when we were both close she pulled her knees up to her chest and said "let it out deep"
fucking unbelievably fucking crazy unfathomably fucking hot.. your mom deserves some kind of momcest medal and honor events
Oh Jesus that is shockingly similar to me and my sister actually. If it wasn't for the fact I'm not married I'd think I was talking to my own sis now haha.
We want to try for a baby soon but we don't know how to navigate our current family situation.
Perhaps I should make it more passionate.
yessss. and dont forget about your hands. let them roam a bit while doing it
It surprised me just how similar the stories are. We never really did butt stuff, though.
We want to try for a baby soon but we don't know how to navigate our current family situation.
There are a ton of complications when it's with a relative. Even down to what tests you have to avoid during pregnancy. A big worry for me has been that someone will be able to tell any kids are his by looking at them. My brother is basically just our dad but a little taller so any boys will probably look just like him. Hope things work out for you two. I always like hearing about other sibling couples.
Cant wait to get into this pov again, here's the idea of how's view for me pretty much. This shitty porn video got me fired up because it hit so close to home...
so any boys will probably look just like him
Boys do kinda tend to look like mom usually though. Kids' looks can easily be explained by pointing to your parents or smtn, not something to really worry about...
Very nice. Thought for a sec there it's a real pic you're sharing. Got me real excited, op...
Its ass masseur talking. But yes, if you take out that thong and replace it with totally wedged in plain panties its pretty much how it looks. Same body, same cheeks, the asshole peeking on the side, everything is crazy similar. I feel like im watching myself.
it's unfathomable you're in that situation with her and she's not feeling the sexual tension. That sure looks like sexual foreplay.
Thats what it pretty much is, now you can imagine the blueballs i get every time we finish and why i eventually avoided these type of encounters. She's gotta be socially impaired if she doesn't feel what's this about or she's just scared of what would happen next.
plus i have both of my hands free and i spread her open to the end which makes things even more extra
she's just scared of what would happen next
you mean excited
cuz she's not tryna stop it at all
Well she is early 40's and I'm early 20's. I guess you're right that I've shown her i can be normal but God damn do i want her every day.
This is why it drives me insane. Because she just melted me with pleasure and then stopped. I've got all sorts of stuff like that that happened.
Long road trips were we took a break on the side of the road and she rode me in the passenger seat
Her trying to keep quiet when I fucked her ass in my uni dorm
Fingering her under a blanket in the car that had my aunt, uncle and sister in it
I know my mom must have been a complete slut growing up to be this good but she was my slut.
Nightfrens, keep it bumped
Usually when women are excited, they assist in getting things further. They take clothes off themselves, touch you, talk dirty and suggestive... Maybe she's just weird like that and enjoys leaving absolutely everything to me. I dont plan on taking long to find out, have some bold moves on my mind.
and then stopped.
She really deserves some props for being able to stop and obv doing it for your own good, like a caring mom.
But her being so ...sex-positive also means you can restart it now easily. She's too far gone to put up much of a fight.
enjoys leaving absolutely everything to me
give her butthole a deep, long, passionate kiss next time and find out...
dont plan on taking long to find out, have some bold moves on my mind
have some excuses and apologies ready too, in case it goes south
Woah there, but you aren't too far off. I defo need to kiss her cheeks more often, i'll go close to erogenous zone, hopefully you'll get to hear it too.
Yes, thought about next time i need to readjust her panties i'll just grab them enough to expose her goodies fully. If she gets upset - "what? oops, silly me. sorry" and go silently cry in the corner.
need to kiss her cheeks more often
you've been doing that already???
why can't all moms just walk into your room and start giving bj's, like goth mommy....
Honestly not sure but i think i did maybe twice and thats it. Now i could maybe french them a little, graze the tip of my tongue and leave a streak of saliva on her, if that doesnt get her heated nothing will.
His is a drinker and a divorced slut. Difficulty down by 80%.
Yeh, you're right but she should've done it way sooner because she is all I think about. I'm visiting tomorrow so who knows. My sister will be there so I don't have much hope for anything.
Thrust me I wish she still came into my room and gave bj's. To this day the best blowjobs of my life.
I mean.... you aren't wrong
I want to be in her ass again. She was wearing tight leggings at the party so I could see her ass crack like she was wearing nothing.
I've only done it once to her bare cheeks, which was last time I visited her. Pulled her panties down and spread her cheeks open, but I was standing at her side so I didn't get a good look, or rather I saw nothing at all.
Dude, wha.. She let you pull her panties down, just like that? I'm jealous.
I'm around, I just don't browse as much as I used to
Gothmom anon again. Shame you didn't get a good look while you had the chance. Is she hairy down there? At some point do you want to get your tongue in there?
I'm nervous but excited for tomorrow. Wish me luck.
Tara Tainton
It was part of a massage, she wouldn't be so calm if I suddenly pulled down her panties while we were cuddling or something like that.
Shame you didn't get a good look while you had the chance.
I'll (try to) make up for it the next time. I hadn't planned to do it until right at the moment I decided to pull down her panties and then spreading her ass felt like a natural step to take.
Is she hairy down there?
Yes. She never shaves and I've touched her pubes when they were sticking out the sides of her panties during some previous massages.
At some point do you want to get your tongue in there?
I want my tongue all over and inside every part of her body.
I'm nervous but excited for tomorrow. Wish me luck.
Good luck and have fun. Your mom is probably also excited for it.
She had an excellent old video that was like an hour long and that was mostly a slow and believable build up with just a short part of it being sexual towards the end. Her new vids feel very different and her acting has gotten much worse.
I'm so sick and tired of coomer posting. 
Quit porn, quit masturbating, you don't realize how worth it, it is to break free from this addiction.
I'll (try to) make up for it the next time. I hadn't planned to do it until right at the moment I decided to pull down her panties and then spreading her ass felt like a natural step to take.
You aren't wrong and if she is letting you do that she must be down for more
Yes. She never shaves and I've touched her pubes when they were sticking out the sides of her panties during some previous massages.
I'm thankfully I've seen mine at every stage. She gets waxed so I have seen it smooth as a baby, stubbly all the way to full bush.
I want my tongue all over and inside every part of her body.
Oh trust me you will never look back. I'm praying to God something happens tomorrow because I am about ready to explode.
It's fanart for Hades, by smoxul. The game doesn't have any incest, just a very nice mommy.
Your mom calls me son now.
I guess I'll give a bump before I go.
My gf said she thinks women's sexual peak increases with age. 30s and maybe even 40s. Checks out because we never go less than 2 rounds and the second one lasts longer than I'd even like usually lmao
if she is letting you do that she must be down for more
I'm bot sure abou that but it's possible. She's kinda reluctant at times to start something like a massage but then when she gets comfortable her boundaries turn more flexible and afterwards she's delighted to have gotten fondled. 
I'm thankfully I've seen mine at every stage. She gets waxed so I have seen it smooth as a baby, stubbly all the way to full bush.
I'm talked with my mom if she would consider shaving everything but she wasn't convinced. While I love that she has a nice bush I would really like it if she shaved it off just once for me.
Can confirm, the horniest woman I know is in her 40s and she wasn't like that when she was younger.
I am not a lesbian but I have always love my mom romantically. She is the most beautiful woman in this world, most of anons here is boy so you guys never know how much i want to kiss her every single time we showers together .
le dominant moms bad!
chadsonposters are NIGGERS, change my mind
Yeah, yeah, big boy. Go ahead and yell at Chadson if you dare. 
Mind you, Mom won't be happy with you for ruining her orgasm by distracting Chadson with your whining.
Tits for GTFO
Source?
Oriigshlly
If it isn't a larp, you're gonna have to tell us moar
Oh hey, auntfem &lt;33
H-how's your love life??
She was wearing tight leggings at the party
Doubt she chose that randomly... nay, that was for you.
Cookie dough
Watermelons
White
Eastern european to be exact
(confession guy here)
Your mommy is extra thicc, confession-bro?!
yeah, big ass and tits, somewhat chubby
big ass and tits
Failure is not an option then. What are your next steps?
I don't know honestly. I'll be staying for a few nights at her place next week. I'll see if any chances present themselves.
Penny Barber
If I member right, you said you already hug and cuddle a lot? Maybe push those boundaries a bit and attempt some risque touching
nervous but excited for tomorrow. Wish me luck
Good luck, gothmom-bro. Keep in mind your mom probably wants it more than you
Yeah, we definitely hug, it's been a while since we cuddled but it's probably doable, however I don't know if I wanna push any boundaries with inappropriate touching. It feels very pushy to me.
graze the tip of my tongue and leave a streak of saliva
Yeah, next time treat it like a giant lollipop
feels very pushy to me
Yeah, pushy is the wrong way to go after the first rejection.
What you should aim for is her getting increasingly comfortable with close physical contact. But few nights alone together gives plenty of chances for making progress, right?
Yeah however I don't think "getting comfortable with physical contact" is going to change anything in my case. Building some tension might be good but I'm pretty confident that if I really want it I'd have to talk to her again, just in a different way than the last time.
not going to change anything in my case
What I mean is that would probably get her horny eventually and warm her up to the idea that maybe it wouldn't be that bad if it happened. 
But how would you approach it in another confession?
I don't know. I'd probably try to build up some tension before and then I'd tell her that nothing changed over these 8 years, and that she is still my dream woman, that I can't stand to see her alone and I'd love to keep her company because she deserves a man in her life. I don't know if this sounds right but it's how I feel about it.
You already tried the talk so now you feel more confident in that rather than anything else since you already paved that path. That doesn't necessarily mean thats the right way. Just like how a-m wedged his finger in his moms buttcrack and wants to go there again, but is afraid of touching her tits, same case with you.
I persobally think dropping yet another bomb isn't really great idea.
That's gonna make one hell of a boner-inducing vocaroo.
I understand your point, but honestly what the hell do we really know about what the right course of action is? Everyone is so different and the amount of real successes is so, so little that it's impossible to really figure out the right or wrong way of doing it. 
I think that she might be amazed to hear how I feel about her despite so much time passing and her getting older and I'm sure she's much more lonely now than before, to me it sounds like a good way of doing it and I know for sure that this won't make her hate me whilst touching her innapriopriately might.
Fair point, you know your mom better than me after all and confessing before didn't ruin your relationship so it wont again. Just make sure to lube up your words a little, be careful and report here.
She probably expects grandkids at this point, not becoming your mommywife. The best you can hope for is a short fling, then her crying and apologizing and pushing you to get into normal relationships
one hell of a boner-inducing vocaroo
better keep your phone charged
How old are they? I didnt quite follow.
What happened to the previous thread? Nuked?
yeah, shadownuked for some reason
she pushed my head between her legs and had me suck her clit and finger her slow
getting used by mommy like her personal sex toy... the dream
29 and 53
Nvm found it. Yeah, you probably have the most realistic take on this. If she's a normie well adjusted 53yo like it seems she is, her libido is probably at the rock bottom and she isn't really bothered whether she has a dick on her side or not. There seems to be a trend on this thread which is that all the guys who saw some level of success have moms in their early 40s which has to mean something.
Nah, she says I'm way too young to have kids and mentioned frequently that she's too young to be a grandma
her libido is probably at the rock bottom
only partially true. i asked paintanon about how it's been lately with his mid 50s mom and he said she's as horny and dick-craving as ever
I'm way too young to have kids
at 29?? that sounds so wrong that makes me think she wants you for herself... encouraging desu
Youre 30 and she says youre too young for kids. What's she waffling about. Oh well, at least that detail goes into your favour.
Yeah but i said under a condition she is normie loner 50yo. Paintanons mom is a slut that was getting regularly dicked down by different dudes.
Yeah, there are some things that make me think that I may be on to something. That and the fact that she seems to be somewhat jealous of my gfs - she is never outright hostile but I always have a feeling she never accepts them/dislikes them.
Well then, when do you expect to have time to confess to her? It better be soon, and report back immediately soldier.
Hard to say, as I said before I'm not planning anything, I haven't even confirmed with myself that I'll do anything, but if a situation presents itself and I feel like it's a good time then I'll do it. I will of course let you guys know, but I'm not in a rush and I want to do it on my terms.
If you don't have any siblings and it's basically just you and her, it's quite likely she's concerned about ending up old and alone and would rather have you all to herself and not married with kids. 
Now, you could let her know that deal's alright with you, as long as she provides some benefits too...
I'll spread her legs out and put the mic right by her crotch
I don't have any siblings, but I don't think it's about that.
Maybe afterwards bring her on here and do a AMA with us. That would be lovely.
Its crazy but that thought actually crossed my mind a few times. "Hey uhh, i actually anonymously confessed our situation on the internet, wanna hear what they wanna say?" But she's actually one of those young boomers that never grew out of their superstition about some things internet related so she might overlook the word "anonymous" and still freak out. We'll see.
Those leggings are actually really close to what she was wearing. I wanted to bury myself between the cheeks.
Thank you. Here's hoping something will happen. I'll post as soon as possible as long as the jannies don't nuke it again.
It was bliss but it was two ways. Some times she'd direct me and push me where she wanted and other times I would just pound away until she was holding on for the ride.
Anyway I will keep you all posted. I'm hoping my sister doesn't show up, is late or leaves early because I want some alone time with her.
We'll see.
don't even think about suggesting anything like that, it was a jk
i'm confident you'll provide plenty of details to satisfy all the curiousity
just eat her ass and pussy out first
hoping my sister doesn't show up
I'm 98% sure she wasn't even invited kek
what does her face look like? any resemblance to some celeb?
same q for a-m
Yeah that was a wishful thinking. 
just eat her ass and pussy out first
Nahh the moment i feel like we're getting this done im raising her ass up and hastly putting it in. I fear i might not have the endurance to go through the eating process first. I'll leave eating out for some other time.
I've no idea because i dont follow any celebs or pornstars for that matter.
I'm nervous but excited for tomorrow. Wish me luck
Look at it this way:
earlier party - starts talking about you dating, then quickly switches conversation over to your assets
next time returns kisses, rubs your cock and compliments it
instead of letting you cool down for a while, invites you over for "coffee"
Sure sounds like her escalating...
fear i might not have the endurance to go through the eating process first
better jerk off first thing in the morning on a day that might seem to have some opportunities aligned, to have more endurance.
If my sister wasn't there and she came out in lingerie like that I wouldn't even be able to speak and just fuck until I couldn't stay hard any more.
Maybe like a pale Katy Perry? The face isn't quite the same but imagine Pauley Perrette type vibes and you'll have a close picture. She doesn't wear goth clothes but she gives off that feeling.
if she came out in lingerie like that I wouldn't even be able to speak
How about you make a small detour on the way there and get her a set of goth lingerie, so she can try it out for you, in case sis doesn't show up...
Which is why I'm excited. I'm going there in the next couple of hours so we will see what happens. She is 100% into it and wants it, it's just a matter of breaking down the barriers she put up for herself.
I think that would be too much at this point. She is touchy sure but I can tell she has still convinced herself to let nothing major happen so I can be "normal". It'd be coming on too strong for the moment but Jesus Christ would I love to see it.
Katy Perry, but imagine Pauley Perrette type vibes
something like this?
Yes! Minus the bangs, put in some natural eyebrows and some glasses and you're pretty damn close.
I can tell she has still convinced herself to let nothing major happen so I can be "normal"
Yeah, maybe just continue flirting, stare at her lips and body a lot and hint you're absolutely down for it anytime she's ready
glasses
HOT
2vk4h
That's what I'm planning to do. Hopefully get a little touchy if the sis isn't looking.
That's why I can't resist her. It's why all my friends had crushes on her.
I have to go for a while and then I'll be visiting. Wish me luck and I'll post if I get chance. I hope today will go well.
Is she an innie or outie? Does it have a taste?
Wish me luck and I'll post if I get chance
good luck, success-bro. dont get too nervous. there will be plenty more chances in the future if not much happens tonight
Those fucking bangs ruined her career
When you got time, I'd love to hear more about that fingering mommy in the backseat episode...
Nudistmom-anon, now you got a tag and encouraged to share updates
@errands bro, how's it going?...
pic related checking in, holy shit.
so I have an update, I missed going to Moms for easter and said I'll visit her soon
I went friday she just finished work and was happy to see me, I told her I was staying the weekend
I gifted her some wine and nice chocolates and she was happy with it and gave me a big hug
I was pretty shakey with the plan I had from that thread where some of you suggested I just go for it
I figured I might as well since the childhood trauma was already done and I didn't have anything to lose.
after putting my things away and getting some shopping for the week I returned to her laying on the couch
she was wearing sweatpants and a big top, she had her hair out.
she already cracked open the wine and looked pretty happy watching tv, we talked for a good while and got through half the bottle
I asked if she wanted to do anything like watch netflix or something and she agreed, I just put on whatever and we continued to talk
about random stuff not paying attention to the tv.
she was buzzed but not drunk yet, she was really perky and happy, eventually we started talking about relationships and shit like that
(she very openly talks about sexual stuff btw) 
She asked if I keep in contact with my ex from a few years ago and I said no, and she said she never liked her and was happy
I moved back in after we broke up, (I always got the feeling she was jealous, she openly disliked her)
she asked if I'm back on the dating scene and I said no,
"Really, no wam bam thank you ma'ams either?" 
talking about sex with her weirded me out so I went full autism and just said no and changed the subject.
I asked if she uses the plenty of fish account I set up for her and she said she stopped
using it because too many guys fucked her around and stopped all together after being stood up.
I said she should continue as she needs company in her old age, she got pissy I called her old and said I'm getting old too and 
I'm still single, I said I didn't care about relationships and just want to build my bank account up.
the movie ended and we continued talking, I brought the conversation back to dating sites, and said there are apps
you can use like tinder, and she didn't want to do it, technology confuses her.
she got pissy again and said she can take care of herself, I said don't you have needs?
she looked at me sassy like and raised an eyebrow
"Mmmmhmm you wouldn't go into this subject before so Whyyyyy should I"
"I'm just asking, I worry about you and want you to be happy is all"
she laughed and said I'm cute
I thought it was over and I fucked it up because she got up and took the wine in the kitchen
I sat there and just thought about going to bed when she returned with a full glass of wine
she reached over to the iphone dock and started some music
(I knew she was happy drunk at this point because she usually would dance to music)
she started slow dancing and swaying about drunkenly and motioned to me to come and dance
I got up and she put her head on my chest and we just swayed about, it was a sweet moment
I had my hand on her hips and I couldn't help it and started getting painfully hard.
I felt sick, in love and super horny at the same time
she must of felt it press against her belly and without warning she pulled the strap of my pants back
and saw how hard I was, she looked back up at me and giggled 
"really?" 
she grabbed it and started tugging it, kinda hurt but she was feeling every part.
about a minute went by and she started kissing my neck and we ended up french kissing
she grinded one of her legs against mine and she fell on the floor and laughed
I grabbed her and lifted her onto the couch and continued the kissing 
I laid on my side and she was on her back, she pulled her pants down 
I could see her big brunette 70s bush peeking out, I lifted her top up and her saggy boobs flopped to the sides
I've never seen such big nipples before, very hard as well, I started licking and sucking her nipple
and rubbing her clit at the same time, she was running her fingers through my hair 
she was really wet, basically so slippery I couldn't rub her clit properly as I kept sliding off.
this continued for a few minutes and her back arched up and she twitched, and let out a big moan.
I knew she just came and she pushed me on my back and put her head on my chest and leg up on my crotch
we didn't say anything, just laid there for for a few minutes, her brushing hand against my chest.
she looked up at me and asked
"well.. wanna go to the bedroom?"
I nodded and we went to her bed, she kicked her pants off and took her top off and laid on her back
she looked pretty nervous and I asked if shes okay with it, and she said only if you are.
I rubbed the tip on her bush then up against her wet pussy, she then put her hand over it and said
"Maybe we shouldn't, I don't know.. what I am doing??"
I said if she's not okay with it we can stop I don't want to force anything
she said let's stop and got up and brushed her teeth she came back and gave me a hug and said thank you
and we went to sleep together.
the next day it was like everything was normal, we talked for abit made plans to go out
and then said 
"anon, what we did, I loved it"
I was shocked and confused as it seemed like we just moved on from it
"Oh? I did too.."
"I haven't felt that way in so long, there was something different about it.."
"we gotta take it to the grave okay? anon"
"I know mom"
"Promise?"
"mmhmm"
"well go have a shower I'll get ready"
I had the shower and walked out and she was in her bed under the covers 
she said come on
I dried off and slid under the covers, she didn't hesitate and grabbed my cock and started sucking
the warm feeling of her mouth was amazing.
it was rock hard and she smacked it against her breasts and said "how do you want me?"
I said on your back, she rolled over and giggled, and I slid it in deep, warmest wettest pussy I've felt, not tight but comfy.
I just want to stop to say I never saw her like this before, I knew she was sex crazy, but she had this look, it was intense
like she wanted to fuck all day, animalistic, it was really hot.
she was holding her legs apart by her thighs and I was rubbing her clit and playing with her tits and belly pudge.
I was so busy looking at her body that I didn't notice she was staring right into my eyes, and the intensity of that made me cum
so hard, and so deep inside her. 
I pulled out and saw cum gush out of her and said 
"Oh shit, I'm sorry I'll get plan B when I go out later"
and she just laughed and said "Menopause anon."
I calmed down and said that was amazing, she cleaned up with a tissue and laid on my chest,
she started playing with my chest hair and armpit hair and said how cute it is, and how my dad never had chest hair, and she loved it.
"so you're going to visit more often now I assume?"
"of course mom"
"well just keep it a secret and we can do 'this'" she grabbed my cock "more often"
I started getting hard again, flipped her over and fucked her again, this time she was moaning saying my name, saying fuck me, everything
she was glistening in sweat by the end.
we both had a shower and continued with the day, I took her out to dinner and we had a normal night of just talking and stuff
I had to leave the next day and had all my stuff packed and promised to come back in 2 weeks.
"I had a great weekend Hercules" (nickname she called me since forever.)
as I was about to leave she said 
"come back and shower me with gifts and love and i'll return the favor"
she was wearing this really cute dress I always loved, and I said "ok only if you wear that next time, it's sexy"
she gave me a kiss and I headed back home.
I'll update next time I go maybe, Obviously won't post any pics or anything
but this video looks like her AB1F65C
It's both hot and makes me sick at the same time thinking about all of it
it's sensory overload if that makes sense.
Never thought I would post in one of these threads, but here we are.
Believe me or not, Idc only a fool etc...
Holy shit, anon, I member you.
It was clear as day she wanted to fuck you and you were holding yourself back. 
I really hope it's not a larp
insecurity over trivial crap is THE beta behaviour
Congrats anon, you fucked your mom!
Bump? Where are the mombros?
Gothmom-anon here. Can't take long, at mom's now. She's VERY flirty today
An innie with the lips only just poking out slightly.
Thanks, I'll need it
I'll post when I can
Wish me luck guys. Update soon.
good luck bro
is sis there too?
bump for updates
extremely original comment
She's definitely still getting looks at it after I shower. Was in her bedroom when I got in the shower today but on the living room couch when I got out (naked again). I'm just not sure how to get this from "she might be checking me out" to more than that
But did you go full mast??
but on the living room couch when I got out
Does this imply she was there to get a better view?
But did you go full mast??
Yeah, yesterday and today.
Does this imply she was there to get a better view?
That's how it comes across to me, or maybe how I want it to come across. All I know is when I went to shower she was in her room laying down. When I got out about 15 minutes later she was on the couch in a position where she could see me leave the bathroom. Sure hope she keeps looking.
Yeah, yesterday and today
Very nice (no homo)
she was on the couch in a position where she could see me
I srsly doubt that was coincidental, given that she's seen it yesterday. 
Could've easily avoided having to see it again by staying in her bedroom, if found it offensive, woulndn't you say?...
For next step maybe leave your clothes in the living room before hoping in the shower and get dressed there, right in front of her.
How are your interactions otherwise? What happens in between the showers is quite important too.
For next step maybe leave your clothes in the living room before hoping in the shower and get dressed there, right in front of her.
I was thinking of leaving them in the room I'm sleeping in and walking to the shower nude too. Trying not to do anything that's too uncharacteristic for me, I guess. I've always stayed naked after a shower and dressed in my bedroom just because I hate getting dressed in a bathroom.
How are your interactions otherwise?
Pretty much normal. No talk of sex stuff or anything like that.
Trying not to do anything that's too uncharacteristic
walking out of the shower full mast is quit uncharacteristic, but doesnt seem to faze her (cuz she enjoys it). So dont be afraid to get a bit creative.
Pretty much normal
Add some affection to that. Lewdness and affection is the way.
walking out of the shower full mast is quit uncharacteristic
Not all that out of character for me, nothing I couldn't explain by just telling her "Well I'm a bit pent up"
Add some affection to that. Lewdness and affection is the way.
Will try that tonight, I guess. There's some stuff after dinner time we always watch together anyway so that might be a good time.
Maybe try get her in the bathroom with you (forgot towels or some lotion, etc). Then ask to do your back.
There's some stuff after dinner time we always watch together
Introduce the 'cuddle under a blanket' ritual. The discretion of the blanket is conducive to things happening
Can try that if I can think of a way that makes sense for our situation.
That's good. The weather has been cold the last couple days. Might end up hard from being that close since I haven't been jerking off lately, but I guess when you're trying to fuck your mom that's not really a problem.
Lord Jesus christ look at those cheeks. I had a discussion with my (not) gf and she said she likes the change in power dynamics in her favor with age gap relationships. We also both think it's super hot
Also she said they're more open to new experiences and energetic than older guys
said she likes the change in power dynamics in her favor
Is she ready to domm you??
that's not really a problem.
She wants to feel it hgnnngh
I'm legit about to see if I can start some mommy play without scaring her off. She already calls me her man-boy and I call her my goth mommy. Could be a nice change of pace sometimes 
I'm about to explode just thinking about it
Might end up hard from being that close
There's nothing more a mom wants than to see and feel her son's hard cock. They instinctively reach out for it.
Did you see the success story above??
she must of felt it press against her belly and without warning she pulled the strap of my pants back
and saw how hard I was, she looked back up at me and giggled
"really?" 
she grabbed it and started tugging it, kinda hurt but she was feeling every part.
Exactly what I'm hoping for. Just talking about her has been getting me hard lately so my mind's definitely going to be going dirty places while we relax. I gotta start getting dinner ready, though. Been doing the cooking while I'm here.
already calls me her man-boy and I call her my goth mommy
Then you're pretty much already there 
Guide her gently, r bro
Alright, good luck with the blanket action. Keep us posted...
Gothmom-anon again. Got an update for you guys. I'll update once I'm home.
I haven't been this excited since finnanon
Hurry the fuck up update us!
Why's the thread so slow? It's only fucking wednesday
This is the second thread of the week, I spent my energy on the first one.
Need to keep it going to get them sweet gothmommy updates in real time
Update time
Went to my mom's, sis was there unfortunately
Had a really nice time, all had coffee and a chat together
Sat next to mom on the sofa with my thigh pressed against hers
Started rubbing my thigh on hers subtly, she smiled at me and rubbed it back
We started flirting whenever my sister left the room for the toilet or whatever
Just little things but I'll fast forward to the good bit
"I wasn't expecting you to kiss me back that long"
"I wasn't expecting you to kiss me in the first place"
"Oh? And the grabbing? Because I didn't grab you"
"Don't think I didn't feel that thing shoot up when I kissed you back. I just wanted to say hello"
"And what if I want to say hello as well?"
At that point I ran my hand up her leg and ran my finger up and down her pussy over her pants
She kind of jolted and gasped and looked at me wide eyed
I only got two or three rubs before she pulled my hand away
"Stop that, your sister is in the house"
"So her being here is the only problem?"
She looked at me a little shocked
"No, you fingering your mother is the problem." She grabbed my dick through my pants again and started rubbing"
"Just make sure she doesn't see this thing, keep it hidden. We'll talk about this later"
She got up to go make more coffee and my sister came back in the room.
"And what if I want to say hello as well?"
Pretty smooth
She grabbed my dick through my pants again
She just keeps grabbing it!
I just got flashback from like 10 years ago of my mom asking me for fresh towel from her room
mom asak for fresh towel from her room
she opens bathroom door naked with barely covering her pussy, I could see her fully naked, 8/10 would fuck
she look at me with "you shouldnt look but I dont mind if you do" look on her face
run to your room to jerk off
oh fuck anons, it was always wierd with my mom, I remember taking naked baths with her when I was like 6-7 and touching her boobs, ass and vagina when I was sleeping with her in bed as 9-10yo kid, Im 80% sure that happened
I wonder If she would let me fuck her If I asked
wonder If she would let me fuck her If I asked
don't ask. there are better ways.
Is there part 2, gothmom-bro?
she knows that I fucked my cousin (shes older than me but near my age) so my mom knows that I dont give fuck about taboo
she knows that I fucked my cousin
looks like we're gonna need to untangle some things first....goddamn
But how's that related to helping you bang your mom? She knows you're a big unhinged, but that doesnt mean she wants to fuck you. 
Do you get some vibes she might agree to it?
when I was teen I had an affair with cosuind and we thought that shes pregnat so she told parents 
but yeaahhh she wasnt so now we arent really in touch with that part of familly
Do you get some vibes she might agree to it?
kinda
as I said before, we had some touchy time before and there as always some tension especialy when I was younger
Part 2 (needed to eat and calm down, been a long day)
Couple of hours later
Sis goes to the toilet
"So mom, why'd you grab me again?"
"Because you aren't behaving yourself. You can't do that, imagine if your sister saw?"
"So just you and me next time?"
"That isn't the point and stop it"
After a little bit my aunt came over as well (she doesn't live far away) so it wasn't possible to flirt more
I had to leave because of another appointment so said goodbye
Mom came with me to say goodbye, aunt and sis stayed talking in the kitchen.
"It's a shame sis was here today"
"Don't talk like that about your sister"
Gave my mom a hug and a kiss on the cheek
She kissed me back on the cheek
Kissed her on the lips
She kissed me back
Grabbed her and started kissing her
She started moaning in my mouth
I slipped my hand in her pants and she froze up a little but sighed and loosened up once I started rubbing
She's grown a bush from the last time and was sopping wet
She pulled my hand out at that point and moved away
"Anon stop. I can't, WE can't"
"but I want to"
"I know you do. It feels good, but it isn't normal. Go to your appointment. Come back tomorrow and we can talk about this ok?"
I said my goodbyes, we hugged and kissed on the cheeks again and I left.
I am ecstatic right now and my heart is racing. I don't know what to think. Did I do good? Did I do bad? Is she pissed off? My mind is racing.
some tension especialy when I was younger
... you don't mean when you were 9-10 yrs, I hope? anything in your teen years?
Did I do good? Did I do bad? Is she pissed off?
I'm getting the impression you came across a bit as pushy. But she wasn't fighting it much at all. Hope the talk won't be about how it can't continue, but I kinda suspect it will. Only depends if you can turn it around and change her mind...
anything in your teen years?
that situation with towel and I was her topless when she was sunbathing in yard
when I was teen she was teling me how nice I look and was hugging me. Sommetimes she asked me if she look good in particular underwear or whatherwer else.
It was smiliar situation with my cousin
Grabbed her and started kissing her
She started moaning in my mouth
Success-bro, whatever she says or does tomorrow, you just grab her and start kissing.
Was I too pushy? I hope I wasn't. My mind is all over the place right now.
I really want to. I could still smell her, it's driving me insane. I don't even know what is going to happen tomorrow.
Was I too pushy?
Maybe it was just enough. She did stop you but she obvious enjoyed it and it's not like you guys haven't done this before.
don't even know what is going to happen tomorrow
You will show up and act all serious, like you're there to just have a talk. 
Then start flirting, grabbing and kissing. Just start kissing and rubbing and moaning. Get at least one more last fuck
OK, I think I will reel it in a little. I was getting excited but I don't think I've pushed it so far that she is pulling away and stopping it. I'll have to remember to play it slow and feel it out more because I don't want to fuck this up. I'm so close I can taste it.
momcest general
Alone in the elevator with your neighbor milf Edition
The absolute state of mommyfags
sauce on that mommy?
tammie madison is pretty good
been long enough since last hookup to check
not pregnant
Guess there's always next month. At least I can spend my long weekend alone smoking weed if I want. Maybe the new game I bought will come in on time to enjoy it too.
I know sibling stuff is off-topic, just consider it a bump
Technically on-topic since you're trying to become a mom.
Cupcake, mangoes, paki
I guess that's one way to look at it. I kind of worry if I have a son he'll end up here, honestly. I'm a cuddler and it might come across wrong. I'm kind of autistic so I can't always tell.
It's enough that you are incestuous, as I'm convinced that is hereditrary, if you are a good mom he will definitly be one of us.
I don't know about "good", but if we manage to have a child they'll never doubt that mom loves them. If anything I'll be too soft.
It's enough that you are incestuous, as I'm convinced that is hereditrary
There might be something to that. I know that there has been some incest in our family tree that, uh, I guess didn't bear fruit. No kids. I've also heard a scientific theory mentioned somewhere that suggests incest might be an attempt to preserve certain good genes. And our family is almost universally good with machines and animals. We might have just the right kind of autism to be good at that and fucking each other to try and preserve it as it becomes a more valuable skillset.
Hello mcg, can't say I'd really want to ever do anything with my irl mom. But I've had loads of momcest dreams that I could share instead if anyone will bother to listen
But I've had loads of momcest dreams that I could share instead if anyone will bother to listen
Please, share them.
Very well then, first one is pretty tame.
In the dream I was at what I could only assume was a home depot with my random dream mom who looked nothing like me (who I recreated in picrel using ai since I couldn't for the life of me find a proper refrence) we were just walking around getting some various things but the entire time she made suggestive comments or looks towards me. She called me stuff like big boy or she would lean over and put her ass out when looking at something on a lower shelf. Which embarrassed the shit out of dream me seeing as we were in public and all. 
Unfortunately I never got to a point where we did anything before I woke up, but I could tell the sexual tension was high.
Guess I'll tell one more before I go, though this one is more exciting. This dream was a while ago though so I don't remember everything.
This dream mom was just crazy, she was super tall and had beyond even hentai body proportions, like I couldn't even wrap my arms around her thighs completely kind of thick.
We were fucking like wild in the dream all over the living room. On the couch, the floor, and probably my favorite part slamming her onto the kitchen table and doing her there too. In dream time we were fucking for several hours with some cuddle breaks in between, which was a surreal feeling considering how large she was compared to me. Near the end she magically grew a futa dick and made me deep throat it until she came, and I had to swallow everything. 
Of all my dreams I probably wish this one was real the most
I kind of worry if I have a son he'll end up here
Just be careful with the "walking out of shower nude and bending over" stuff. That's the kinda stuff that breaks a son's mind...
Noted. I hope I never wake up those feelings in any son I might have. It can be pretty painful wanting someone you can't be something real with and I don't want to inflict that on someone
she was super tall and had beyond even hentai body proportions
Getting snu-snu'd by mommy.... excellent.
It can be pretty painful wanting someone you can't be something real with
You can't see yourself as becoming a mommywife eventually?
Also, what game did you get?
You can't see yourself as becoming a mommywife eventually?
Even if I could, it's not a relationship you can be open about, and that kind of thing can suck.
Also, what game did you get?
Advance Wars remakes. Used to love those games. Good times hot seating the first one with my friends in high school before summer break. I played Grit.
Cookie dough, apricots, euro.
it's not a relationship you can be open about, and that kind of thing can suck
Doesn't the taboo make up for that? 
You still see cest as fundamentally wrong and don't wish it on anybody?
I don't see it as wrong. But being in love with somebody and having to hide it sucks. Not something I would want for my child.
But being in love with somebody and having to hide it
I don't know about that.. Seems like most momcesters here just wanna bang mommy for a while to get it out of their system and move on. Would you allow that?
Don't know. Might be hard to turn him down. I would want my child to be happy no matter what.
Might be hard to turn him down
Now we're getting somewhere.. &lt;3
why are u up so late?
I have to be up early for work, and I have a lengthy morning routine that I mostly got out of the way already. It is getting to be time for the next part of it though. At least we're closed on Friday this week.
Anyone else here grow up listening to their parents fucking and getting off to it? We have thin walls and my room is right next to my parents and I would jerk off every time I heard them having sex. Sometimes I would even sneak outside their door and record it so I could hear it more clearly and save it for later.
would even sneak outside their door and record it
Sure buddy, sure
Did you hear your mommy moaning? Was she enjoying it?
I grew up listening to my mom fuck strangers in the next room and I'm pretty sure that's part of why I'm into the cuck shit
I meant audio recording retard, which is why I said so I could listen later and hear it more clearly. Not hard to stand outside a closed door and put a phone up to it.
Yes she was pretty vocal when she would enjoy it, not in an over the top porn way either. She is pretty open about sex with me and has always told me to listen to what my girlfriend tells me she likes so this was probably her way of letting my dad know whatever he was doing was working.
Would you have preferred her not fucking strangers? Did she ever have boyfriends or long term relationships?
Confession guy here. When I was young I heard my mom get railed by her boyfriend at the time. Made me hard immediately and that was probably before I even knew what gettng hard was for.
She started seeing a guy eventually. I would have preferred she not be fucking people in the next room at all.
Time to uncuck yourself, confession-bro! She belongs to you.
to what my girlfriend tells me she likes so this
you got gfs and still lusting for mom?
Why not? Im glad my parents never felt a need to sneak around. Sure listening to them fuck is probably what landed me in this thread in the first place but sex is a very normal part of marriage and its good they never had a dead bedroom.
I still missed my dad and was hoping they would get back together. I was about 5 years old and she started fucking guys almost as soon as they split up. It bothered me a lot.
No, she said it in a hypothetical way. Telling me how I can keep a potential girlfriend happy.
Sorry that happened to you.
Your mommy is a hoooaah
never considered myself a cuck in the first place
listening to them fuck is probably what landed me in this thread
Are you just into momcest fantasies now or hoping to fuck mom?
I mean I love my dad, its not like I think about cucking him. So I guess mainly just fucking my mom. I want to be the one making her sound like that.
brosis, are you vocal?
I want to be the one making her sound like that
extremely based and mommypilled
hope you achieve that one day. compliments and massages. what's the age gap, btw?
Not really, no. I whimper a lot but I don't get loud. When I get really into it, I bite.
23 years, Im 22 shes 45.
I bite
h-hot...
Im 22 shes 45
OPTIMAL
Usually the neck/shoulder area. Kind of just a holdover from the way I masturbate, biting on my lip to keep quiet. I also just always kind of liked biting.
Kind of just a holdover
you should suck on his fingers instead
Is she still hot? Describe looks?
Yes very. On the shorter side, brown hair down to her waist, glasses. Always took very good care of her skin so she definitely looks younger than she is. Great body too, she has large hips, thighs, and a big ass with medium tits.
hair down to her waist, glasses
large hips, thighs, big ass with medium tits
Good LORD!! At least get some tight hugs or smtng..
Is she touchy with you?? Could you lay your hands on her butt while hugging?.. That description got me restless, mombro
Yea shes super affectionate. Im a foot taller than her so my go to move is pulling her in for a hug by her waist and holding her there. I definitely think I could try to slide a hand on her ass and play it off as an accident if she reacts negatively.
pulling her in for a hug by her waist and holding her there
asserting dominance over shortstack mommy
could try to slide a hand on her ass
try and report back plz
Gothbro, is the meeting for today on track?
how come after 60 generals we still don't have any good photos or videos? make you think....
Why's no one commenting on this success story?
am I the only one seeing it? am I a schizo?
Because it's a larp and a bad one at that.
what makes you say that? I member him posting those picrels 3 weeks ago
The meeting is on track yes. It isn't until later so I may not post or update until tomorrow if mcg is still up.
If in doubt, just pull your cock out. It will evaporate all of her defenses.
Mombros, do you think making mom aware of your nice cock (7"+) makes momcest a lot more likely?
I have no interest in my biological mother. She was troubled, but good to me mostly. I want to bang older milfs who will call me good boy and let me call them mommy.
I dunno what went wrong at a genetic level but here I am.
*sniff* *sniff*
i-is that a MOMMY I smell?
*sniff* *sniff*
mmm yes I smell it! MOMSMELL!!!! I smell a MOMMY! W-What is a mommy doing here?!?! omygosh what am I gonna do?!?! THERE'S A MOMMY HERE! I'M FREAKING OUT SO MUCH!!!! calm down calm down and take a nice, deep breathe....
*sniff* *sniff*
it smells so good! I love momsmell so much!!!! It makes me feel so amazing. I'm getting tingles all over from the delicious momscent! It's driving me momCRAZY!!!!!!
if u are a mommy and u are reading this, I just wanted to say hiiiii cute mommy!!!! I love you!
This general sometimes ignore or overlooks posts. Has happened to me, seen it happen to others.
Not really, what makes it more likely is her knowing that your cock wants and is ready to go insode of her.
Did you post a success story?
@errands-anon, how was your evening?
Can I ask for your opinions on this mcg? I've never been really into my mom that way aside from the occasional one off fantasy that I brush aside or whatever. But a while back I brought up to my mom that I jerk off, which she was really chill about. And ever since then she seems really attuned to whenever I have a boner. There's been times where I'd be going over to hug her goodnight and I'd see her stare right down at my crotch whenever I had a boner. And then she'd still hug me and not do some awkward side hug or whatever to avoid it. Not to mention she seems really clingy with me specifically, always coming into my room to talk to me and whatnot, which she never does to my other siblings really.
My dad and siblings still live in the house but my dad was castrated some years ago and as far as I know their sex life has been completely dead ever since.
Should I take this as a sign? Maybe test the waters a bit? Or is it just her being friendly/lonely and maybe a bit awkward about my sexual urges?
Should I take this as a sign? Maybe test the waters a bit?
Yes and yes.
their sex life has been completely dead ever since
^The reason
You're now the one in charge of her sex life.
Maybe test the waters a bit?
What you wanna do is have her see the boner in full glory. 
Find some circumstance for that to happen. Ask her to take a look at it (inspect for issues, insecure about size, etc), or walk out of shower full mast or w/e
the fuck do you mean castrated
probably balls cancer
Yeah I'm just kinda nervous to do much of anything, but perhaps a bit of poking around wouldn't hurt. I go see her in 2 days, maybe I'll try something then.
That would be extremely hard to do since my dad is usually with her around the time I take a shower. Also I'd be far too nervous to try something like that.
Why would you? You say you are not into her so don't risk it.
You will never convince me this thread isn't a groomer thread. Holy fuck.
grooming a woman over half your age isn't grooming
I kinda feel the same, though a majority of why I asked is because I'm curious about how she feels since I'm ass at reading signals that women give off.
I don't think directly asking would be a remotely smart idea (especially since I dont want to ruin my relationship with her) so if I did do anything I'd want to play it safe until I could maybe get a straight answer or at the very least clearly read that she is or isn't thinking about me differently.
always coming into my room to talk to me and whatnot, which she never does to my other siblings
Anon, she's giving you more attention because that's her low key hinting she expects more affection from you.
Maybe next time she comes into your room, try to get her to lay in bed next to you and hug/cuddle a bit. You'll notice she's kinda trying to ("accidentally") figure out if you got a boner, if she's sexually interested in you.
That should give you some clear signs if there's a way forward.
Not a bad idea. My mom is usually very lovey when I've been gone for a while so I might do that when I see her on Saturday.
I'll definitely post updates if I find anything
I'll definitely post updates if I find anything
Yes, that's the most important thing. New mcg every Monday.
Could you provide some details? Her looks and age gap?
mom is usually very lovey when I've been gone for a while so I might do that when I see her on Saturday.
Do it fag
Been a while since I've asked her age but I know she's mid maybe late 40s. She's in really good shape for her age because she eats well and goes for walks etc. 
Kinda short maybe like 5'7, brown hair, brown eyes, glasses, kinda average in the tits and ass department but not too skinny either. I also take mostly after her in everything except height, me being 6'1.
Would you fuck her if it turns out she's down for it though?? Be her substitute hubby?
Gothmom-anon.
Gonna head to my mom's now. I'm going to tone it down from yesterday because I don't want to be too pushy. I'll update you guys in a few hours if anything happens. Wish me luck.
If she wanted it then yeah. Though if she didn't I'm not the kind to push it.
Good luck gothmom-anon. Hope you have some fun with gothmom
Good luck. Maybe try focusing on being affectionate this time, if you think it can work.
Good luck. 
Try acting a bit more mature, to show you can handle restarting it. But keep in mind she doesn't really know what she wants either, so don't be afraid to push a bit too, if the timing is right.
It has a lot of loving going on in it which is fine by me
Valid point. Its always good to assume a good percentage of all of this is larp but kinda "weird" i'm gonna be a first guy to attempt to actually capture something real-time.
Are you still sticking to the thursday&amp;sunday schedule?
Pretty good
watching out stuff, had a couple of our drinks of choice each
ogling mom a bit throughout the evening, thinking lots of dirty thoughts so I'm sitting there hard
decide to go for it, get up with a raging erection to get another drink
mom comments on it
mention I've been pent up and seen her looking at it
she says something like "nothing wrong with looking"
make a point of obviously looking at her chest while I agree
There was more talking I'm not going to go into because none of it was important. Basically just us kind of dancing around the topic of incest. "Oh it's kind of weird to look at your mom that way though" "No weirder than looking at your son and really who cares if it's weird" etc. Did not achieve momcest but I feel like that door is almost open. God I want her tits wrapped around my cock. Went to bed hard last night too.
dancing around the topic of incest
Very solid progress in fact. And so fast... I gotta say I'm impressed.
Definitely try some cuddling under the blanket now and go for some hugging. Be careful to not seem too pushy or transparent about your intentions. We need some build-up too....
For now I'm just going to relax and try to think through the way to move forward. It feels like I'm close but I definitely want to be careful about this.
but I definitely want to be careful about this
yeah, progress is good, but you were pretty much on the nose about it
"and really who cares if it's weird"
^That was pretty much admitting your intentions
A little more discreton, you don't want red lights going on in her mind..
Could be. I was kind of trying to put her mind at ease about her taking looks at her own son's penis. If I did overstep it doesn't seem to have been by enough to be a problem. Our shows are on again tonight, too, so who knows? I'll definitely be enjoying a couple drinks again.
I keep coming back to this pic >>73007061 cuz i can't shake off the feeling that somehow i took it myself. Its that eerily similar. 
Bump
Our shows are on again tonight, too, so who knows?
Some tentative touching, perhaps? Maybe resting your hand on her waist or something like that... If you're both tipsy, you can get away with it.
It's a fine position to be in, that's for sure, a-m
That's what I was thinking, too. Maybe suggest a movie after so we're on the couch a little longer, see where things go.
yeah, progress is good, but you were pretty much on the nose about it
"and really who cares if it's weird"
^That was pretty much admitting your intentions
I don't think he said anything wrong. I've said similar things to my mom a few times with good results, you shouldn't be afraid of acknowledging that things are unusual between you two while also letting her know that it isn't a problem. Hiding your intentions will work against you in the long run, you don't want your mom to feel that you have been dishonest with her when she finds out that you want to pound her into the mattress.
It was a bold move to mention you've been pent up. Now she's thinking you need some release, and perhaps she... could........... ya know. It's definitely in the back of her mind.
I've said similar things to my mom a few times with good results
ass-masseur, dat you?
you shouldn't be afraid of acknowledging that things are unusual between you
Of course, but timing is important too... 
If out out of the blue you start talking about momcest with mom while sporting boners...
The fact that her backside looks so similar to my moms does not help. Even the red pimple spots on her cheeks too.
Not me but i could've said that myself.
We cuddled on the bed once and she mentioned girls in some context, to which i replied "what do i need them for when i got you" while gripping her ass with my hand.
"what do i need them for when i got you" while gripping her ass with my hand
absolute fucking gangster
Why dont you watch movies under a blanket with mommy? The LOTR trilogy is 10 hrs. Have her sit on your hand
Same reason why i didn't find time to massage and try to finger her again all this time. No time nor space. I think we have a bit of time but we need both.
No plans for moving out? Imagine having her over for a few hours, and complete privacy...
It's OP. I told something along those lines when we were talking about me wanting to be closer with her and she said that most sons aren't that that attached to their moms, I said that I don't care about what's normal or not for other people, I've always thought about things differently and she knows that. I've had some success being this way so it wasn't a difficult argument to make. She was clearly happier after our conversation so I must have said something right.
Another times was when I gave her some sexy panties as a birthday present and she asked me if I didn't think that it was kinda wrong for a son to buy such things for his mom. I told her that I don't see anything wrong with it and if she didn't mind then that's the only thing that matters. She said that she didn't mind at all and that she would wear the panties I gave her as often as possible.
But has she ever noticed you having a boner while having a conversation?
Not really viable since im not even 20, maybe she comes over on some rare occasion when i move out to college, by herself (unlikely i think). She has her own business so she's glued to her normie schedule with few exceptions. Which means even if she travels somewhere its never just her and me (unfortunate since i read a lot of confessions where dirtiest parts are set in the privacy of hotel rooms).
no work tomorrow 
I get to sleep in and wear comfy clothes instead of dressing up for the office 
Time for some pajamas, beer, and dadrock.
I'm really more of a tongue (and penis) sucker than fingers. 
I'm not even 20
there are people in this thread young enough to be my son
Dang a-m, you're a highschooler?
young enough to be my son
Deff could use a mommy like you &lt;3
Grab some chips and let's wait for some gothmom updates...
pretty sure i'm the youngest of the bunch. Active posters with ongoing thing with their mother that is.
Did i mention our first dirty episode was when i was 16? im legal now no worries, just not 20 yet.
our first dirty episode was when i was 16
after success-anon buttfucking his mom at 15, that sounds less impressive
pretty sure i'm the youngest of the bunch
I still wouldn't be surprised if a few people here could technically be my kid. It's a weird feeling. Good luck with your mom, I'm sure she'll enjoy having someone young, full of energy, and eager to please.
Chips sound nice. Once I'm done my beer I'm probably just going to relieve some stress and take a nap though.
Need a mommy Misato in my life Jesus Christ Almighty
yeah, nothing extraordinary compared to that, just wanted to put that detail out there, although i could've sworn i said it somewhere. And the fact that im pretty young rn. I had this goal of banging her before i turn 18, technically making her incestous pedo which would add a bit more spice to the whole thing but i'm not too bothered by that.
technically making her incestous pedo
that sounds like some covert resentment towards her..
pretty sure i'm the youngest of the bunch
I think rlg bro is around 20 too
If she has then she hasn't said anything. Only time I'm sure she noticed is when I had it poking her ass during a massage where I was straddling her legs.
I'm going to try making sure she notices how hard she makes me during this summer.
that sounds like some covert resentment towards her..
no, quite opposite: >which would add a bit more spice to the whole thing
It's a weird feeling
There are mid 30s anons here too, you can be sure
Good luck with your mom, I'm sure she'll enjoy having someone young, full of energy, and eager to please.
thanks, you're sweet
Fantasizing about spicing up momcest before even coming of age... you're wise beyond your years, a-m
Still just weird to me that I made it to so old I guess.
Young guys really are great once you get to a certain age. All that energy to just keep going. That would probably be my biggest temptation into momcest if I had a son. Someone young who can give me everything he's got and be ready to do it again in an hour.
going to try making sure she notices how hard she makes me
I'm inclined to believe it only takes mom a few glances at son's boner for her to start thinking about momcest. Like in errand-anon's case.
A young, hard boner at her disposal and on demand. Which 40s+ woman wouldn't entertain the thought?
thanks, i actually get that quite often
Young guys really are great once you get to a certain age. All that energy to just keep going. That would probably be my biggest temptation into momcest if I had a son. Someone young who can give me everything he's got and be ready to do it again in an hour.
you think you and women your age can keep up with that? damn, as if my milf fetish wasn't strong enough already, now this.
you think you and women your age can keep up with that?
Dunno about other women my age (I've heard a libido increase is pretty normal) but I definitely can. Not as horny as I was at 15 but still pretty up there. It's been several years but I did have a brief thing with a barely legal guy in my late 20s and he could more or less keep up once I broke him in.
Still just weird to me that I made it to so old I guess
I member being 20 and thinking about how mid 30s women are this completely different, mature, parent-like people. 
Now that I'm that age, it's so stupid thinking back on it... there's almost no difference beyond getting a bit more jaded.
I wish more young mombros realize this and get bolder about seducing mom or some milfs.
Huh?? I thought bro was the only one? There were some before that?
there's almost no difference beyond getting a bit more jaded.
Pretty much. Me now vs me 10 years ago...I'm more of a cynic, a little lower energy in day to day stuff, and my biological clock is screaming at me to have kids, but that's about it. The human needs are still there, like sex and fun and all that. My beer's done so I'm taking my nap now. I hate being up early.
There were a couple others but not many. I'm not gonna go all into it now because I need my nap bad.
you sound like a ton of fun
that's how it is at any age and range. At least that's how i feel its gonna be for me. When you're 6th grade you look up to 7th graders let alone to 15 years older people. In reality, Everybody is pretty much as equally clueless.
I wish more young mombros realize this and get bolder about seducing mom or some milfs.
i better hope thats my case. That boner exposing strategy sounds like it may work.
There were a couple others but not many
Hmm... I was left with the impression you had absolutely no interest in other guys. Turns out it's possible...
brosis did mention in the scg she's a bit of a nympho though
Gothbro is probably balls deep inside mommy by now...
being born from a single hedonist slut really has its perks sometimes
Driving home. Updates soon.
To think we could've ignored gothmom-bros initial posts and never get to hear the story...
Frenliness has its perks
Are you an NGE fan, brosis?
i remember reading resort-anons story back in july when i was only a lurker and literally just one guy asked him a few questions and that was it
You know which mcg # was that in?
I member paint-anon first showing up and only wanting to share some pics. I asked about the story and he was taken aback. Returned in another thread (and then more) and got the whole thing off his chest
You are grooming guys into doing stuff with their moms. That is definitely grooming.
So are you thinking about her sexually or not?
dont know but it was between 10th and 20th july for sure
I have before but it's not a constant lust for my mother, just kinda a mood thing. But that kind of changes when I start to see signs that she might want to do it.
I have before but it's not a constant lust for my mother, just kinda a mood thing
that kinda sounds like me
Do you mind if you get a tag, substitute-anon?
You can use your own if prefer, ofc
Do you actually want to fuck her though?
he already answered that >>73028247
origgggg
Don't cuck your dad you fucking degenerate.
Update time - Part 1/?
So I went to mom's. It was just me and her this time. We had some coffee and talked for a little bit but there was a lot of tension in the air and we finally got to talking about things. It was a long conversation (we spoke for a few hours) so I am paraphrasing a lot. So, I hope you get the gist of things:
"Anon, I wanted to talk about everything that has happened between us. All the flirting, the touching and the... sex. It isn't right. It isn't normal and I'm sorry that I have made things like this."
"Sure, as a kid I didn't really know what was happening but don't you think I've made my choice by myself now? Yesterday and at the party wasn't that me, as an adult, choosing to do this?"
"Yes and I shouldn't have entertained this for so long. I should have stopped it, including the flirting because it has escalated now."
"Don't take this the wrong way mom, I'm not angry or accusing you but you did entertain it mom. You've kissed me, you've touched me, we've had sex. Even when I was old enough to understand I chose to carry on"
"Yes, and that is my fault. I never should have done it. I never should have touched you. You chose to carry on because you didn't know better and I raised you with that in your life. You didn't know better and I should have. I shouldn't have laid hands on you, you're my baby."
"But I knew that mom. I knew years ago it was wrong and family shouldn't do it but it never bothered me. I've never hated you for it, I loved you. I loved you too much sure but I loved you."
"Yes you loved me in a twisted way because of what I did. I'm a horrible mother and even now I was entertaining it."
"So why did you entertain it then?"
He should listen to his mom and take care of her urges
Relax mombros, it's a test disguised as regret. Hope gothbro overcomes it in part 2
Nah, he shouldn't. He should respect himself and his dad, retard.
Abandon respect for dad, all ye who enter this thread
Part 2/?
"Because after your dad left, between work and keeping the house there was never anyone there for me. I was always alone, I never had time to meet someone else. Then I saw you taking care of yourself and I realized you weren't a baby anymore. You were a man and I'd never seen you that way. I saw you and I thought you were handsome now... and that made me excited."
"So what about Christmas? What about the party?"
"I was drunk. You were there taking care of yourself again, I was drunk, you have a good size and I wasn't thinking straight."
She was starting to get teary eyed at this point
"It was stupid of me. I had this silly idea, I told myself I was just helping you but once I... used my mouth I told myself it was no different than doing it with another man. That it didn't matter you were my son. I think I told myself that to help me handle how disgusted I was with myself."
"So what about when you were sober?"
"I'd crossed the line. I could never take it back so I told myself there is no harm in having a little more, "helping" a little more. Then I couldn't live with the guilt that I'd touched you. I know we haven't been the same since and we talk to each other in ways we shouldn't but I wanted that as a line I didn't cross again. I'm so sorry anon"
She started sobbing and crying at this point so I gave her a hug.
Still a test
"you have a good size and I wasn't thinking straight"
I guess that answers my earlier question about size in relation to mom's interest...
"But what about the finger in my arse, ma?"
Part 3/?
I was hugging my mom at this point just trying to comfort her a little she just kept saying she was sorry and crying in my shoulder.
"Mom, it's the same for me. I know it was hard for you but it happened. I don't blame you for that, I don't hold it against you. You're still my mom. You're my mom and I love you as my mom but I love you a little more than that too"
"But you shouldn't, that's the problem"
"You keep saying I shouldn't, I shouldn't think that way, I shouldn't feel that way but didn't you feel the same way? Aren't we in the same boat?"
"But I should have know better, anon. I'm your mom. I'm supposed to keep you safe but I took advantage. You trusted me and I used that because I was lonely."
"And again I don't hold that against you. I know that but you have to accept that at some point I fully understood what was happening between us and I never pushed you away. I knew what was happening, I knew it shouldn't be happening but I WANTED it too. I made that choice, you made that choice.
"But you're my baby."
"And you said yourself you saw me as a man now. So why can't I be both? It's obvious there is more than just mom and son here. There shouldn't be, we both know that but at the end of the day there is. So why are we pretending? Are we going to keep going pretending nothing happened and keep denying it? Because I don't know about you but every time I look at you I see my mom but also a damn good looking woman."
Yes this is long I know but this convo was about 4 hours long so I am really cutting down on content to keep it short. As you can tell the argument went around in circles while she tried to get to grips with things.
keep going, gothbro
This could've been avoided if you just took it slower yesterday (
Part 3/?
The length of it is giving me hope.
Damn, your mom actually came off as a... fairly reasonable person. Gotta respect the self-control. Not the outcome that we wanted but wholesome nevertheless.
Nvm i take it back, they'll probably end up fuxking again
they'll probably end up fuxking again
I reject any other outcome
Gotta respect the self-control.
I disagree, holding back after having used him when he was younger is really selfish. She gets what she wanted and then she cuts it off when it's no longer convenient for her so she can feel like a good person despite being a horrible mother.
the argument went around in circles
you just grab and kiss!
being a horrible mother
we call this a "wonderful mother" in this general
Well, in what sense is it no longer convenient for her? Circumstamces are pretty identical from the looks of it. The only thing i can think of is that her sex drive probably eased out these past few years, although she had him young and isnt even 45 yet. I think she still had a bit of sanity left in her and the disgust in just kept piling up in herself until she couldn't take it anymore. My 2 cents.
Made me laugh more than I should have
It's something that always comes up, this isn't a new thing. She has always been guilty but she has never addressed the issue. I've made a couple of advances in the past and gotten the same reaction but with a lot more anger.
She is a very smart woman and very reasonable. She made a mistake and I know that which is why I never held it against her
She turned 41 not long ago
Part 4/?
She was still crying a little but not as much and was holding onto my clothes tight and squeezing me.
"Mom I think we both need to admit that we aren't going to be normal. It's time to forget that so why pretend?"
"But it's wrong. It never should have happened. We're family. I'm your mom for Christ sake. I shouldn't feel like this."
"Well what do you feel mom? You shouldn't feel like what?"
"I shouldn't... want you."
"But you do right?"
She didn't reply but gave a little nod in my shoulder
"And I feel the same. I shouldn't want you. But that's the point mom, I DO want you. It's fucked up but I can't deny that. I've tried, you've tried, we've tried to be normal and take it back but we've always felt the same right?
She nodded again
We gave her the props for being able to stop it and give him chance to become normal. And it did, for the last 3 years. 
It really went both way, momfags. Gothbro got his rocks off for 4 yrs and the best sex of his life. Dont paint him a victim in the fucking momcest general.
She didn't reply but gave a little nod in my shoulder
we're getting here, patience
I know he's paraphrasing but how does he remember so many lines of conversation? Am i tripping and this is something completely normal?
It happened just a few hrs ago and with familiar themes. Not hard to recreate it, I sps..
There's nothing strange about remembering a serious conversation that happened today.
Because the conversation lasted hours but was essentially us going round in circles so it was the same talking point being hammered in. Again, these aren't word for word just bits and pieces and me filling in what I can remember. It isn't exactly your normal conversation so it sticks with you.
"So what have you been thinking all this time? You've never told me, you always just got angry. So tell me."
"I thought you were handsome. I saw you naked, I saw you hard and it'd been so long that a part of me didn't care you were my son. I wanted it."
"Is that it? Did you do it just to feel good or did you feel anything for me?"
"Yes! I felt things for you. I shouldn't have. That's what scared me. The more we did it the less you felt like my son. It felt less and less like you were my son and more and more like a partner or something. I was scared of anything happening, loosing you like your dad leaving. I didn't want to lose you so I stopped it while you could still be my son and we could be normal"
She'd never told me this before so I was tearing up at this point too and we both started having a cry together and just hugging each other
so I stopped it while you could still be my son and we could be normal
Huge props for her saying this. She's an caring, horny mommy.
Maybe this is for the best. I wish you both find peace, good luck goth bro.
Yeah substitute-anon could work, would say sub-anon but that probably gives the wrong idea
Is it really cucking if he doesn't have sex?
Jokes aside yeah, I do love my dad and I'd probably feel guilty if we did do it.
Damn, but you handled it well gothmom anon.
I'd probably feel guilty if we did do it
Just think about your mom suffering from unfulfilled urges. Not what a good son could allow.
Part 6/?
So we are there hugging and crying she's saying she's sorry, I'm telling her it's alright and she doesn't have to be
"Why the hell didn't you say that sooner?"
"I wanted to forget about it and go back to how we were."
"It's a bit late for that don't you think haha"
"Why can't I be both mom? You're always my mom and always will be and I'll always be your son. Nothing changes that. There's just a little bit more between us."
"That doesn't change that it's wrong anon."
I was sobbing at this point because everything I'd wanted to say was coming out
"I thought you ended it because you hated me or something. You made me so angry mom. I thought you'd got your rocks off or had your fill and was done with it. I thought you'd gotten tired of it and told me you wanted me to be normal to justify it. I felt like you just used me mom and threw me away. Why didn't you say that sooner, I had no idea you loved me too, I had no idea you felt that way. I felt the same mom, I loved you too I never saw you as less of a mom you just became something more as well"
My mom was weeping at this point and just grabbed me again saying she was sorry over and over. Saying how it was because she felt something more that she ended it not because she hated me. She thought she was doing it for my own good etc.
We just held onto each other and cried for I don't know how long.
Finally someone with a father present that i can relate to
t. Ass masseur
Goddang, you're making me almost tear up too...
His dad is incapacitated though... He needs to step up to the responsibilities....big diff
Oh shit didn't see that
I doubt dad was on your mind during the stinky finger episode though (I hope not. That would be weird)
Hell no kek. When im seizing opportunity everything gets thrown out the window. Cant describe the surrealness and trance i felt when i moved her knee and opened her up. I thought this is it, whole world will come crashing down, im gonna fucking finger her.
Cant describe the surrealness and trance i felt
Wasn't that nice?? Now encourage substitute-bro to try it out as well
OP here, I think I've mentioned before that in my opinion the biggest obstacle to bedding my mom is that she's still with my dad. Just like you, getting some time alone with my mom is very difficult for me.
I've not cried like that in a long time
Part 7/?
We are hugging and sobbing now and holding each other tight
"I'm so sorry anon, I am so so sorry. I should have said more, I should have explained better, I should have told you how I feel"
I'm telling her I love her asking why she left me thinking she hated me
"I love you too anon, I was scared, I didn't know what to do or how to handle it. I shouldn't have left you in the dark I should have said something"
She's crying in my shoulder I'm crying into the top of her head and I started kissing the top of her head, crying, saying I love her
She lifted up her head and kissed my cheek
I kissed her cheek
We'd both stopped crying and were looking at each other
I don't know what happened but we just grabbed each other and started kissing
It was slow, kind of careful kisses at first but then they got faster and think that everything over the years just started coming out of us
We started making out really fast and she leaned back so we both led down onto the sofa
It was wordless, we didn't say anything at all and just kissed and kissed, she grabbed the back of my head, I started rubbing my hand up and down her side
Is the bedroom dead though ?
Yeah but post but clarity hit fucking hard. Mothers are the strongest drug there is. Highest highs and heavy withdrawals.
One struggle brother. I've almost no doubt that we would've done some nasty things if she was divorced.
Oh Lordie... here it comes
Hey i've seen this before
Captcha
I'm pretty sure that it's been dead for many years and before that very inactive for a decade at least. There's no passion left between them, they have a good relationship but it's not sexual anymore.
I've almost no doubt that we would've done some nasty things if she was divorced.
Things would certainly be easier.
I'm pretty sure that it's been dead for many years and before that very inactive for a decade at least
How do you know that? Did she share that with you? Are you that close?
Yeah, not full on sex necessarily but maybe some full body massages in thongs, titty fondling, bit more openness to nudity and stuff like that.
Part 8/8 I guess.
We started touching each other more and more
I grabbed her boobs, she grabbed my ass
I started rubbing her through her pants and she did the same to me
It felt so good feeling her get warmer between her legs as I rubbed
She was moaning, I was moaning as she rubbed me
I undid the button on her jeans and slid my hand down and she let out the hottest loud moan as I rubbed. She was soaked
I pulled down my pants and I wanted to blow the moment she grabbed me and started jerking
I started to pull her pants down but she stopped me
"No not yet anon. I'm not ready, we can't do that yet. Just like this, please."
We kept making out and I started fingering her and rubbing her clit
I had forgotten how hot it was seeing her squirm about
Eventually she put her head on my shoulder and clamped her legs shut shivering and trying to be quiet.
We kissed more and she pushed me on my back and carried on jerking me slow
Eventually I couldn't take it anymore and came
We lay there for a bit quiet before cleaning up.
After that it was a bit awkward but we spoke about how we're glad we could speak about all that and we both know where we stand. I told her I don't want her to feel guilty about any of this because I want it too and I've chosen this. She didn't seem guilty and was smiling a bit actually. I don't know how long we spoke but eventually I had to go. We both agreed she will come over to mine so we can talk some more on Sunday. I told her I loved her, gave her a kiss on the cheek she joked and said "Are you really just going to kiss me on the cheek after that?" so we kissed on the lips, I said good bye and here I am.
I'm not sure what to think guys. I feel like it went amazingly well and like we have healed, albeit in a fucked up way. She seemed pretty happy about everything. What do you guys think?
What do you guys think?
Well... it was some of the best things ever posted here, that's for sure. A real rollercoaster right there. Kinda disspointed you only got a handjob, but I'm sure more will follow. A lot more.
We both agreed she will come over to mine so we can talk some more on Sunday
Yeah... there won't be much talking on Sunday
She didn't seem guilty and was smiling a bit actually
you passed her test. you're ready for more.
Different things that I observed over the years made me draw that conclusion. I could be wrong but I doubt it. If I ask she'd probably answer, maybe I will if we start talking about sex.
What do you guys think?
Couldn't have gone better.
op, you can't have her go w/o sex for so long. bolder measures need to be taken next time you meet.
What do you guys think?
I tend to think she put up a little show for you, to clear up some things and see where you really stand, before making sure you can restart the affair.
bolder measures need to be taken next time you meet.
I know, it's on my mind every day.
What do you guys think?
I'm losing all interest in tiktok thots. I want a 40s goth mommy now!
feel like it went amazingly well and like we have healed, albeit in a fucked up way
Agree 100%. You need to go thru that to move forward in a healthier way. Now she can be your mommywife, as planned.
Not really. Ghost in the Shell was more my thing.
Nympho is a very good way to put it. I have strong urges.
I don't really, but we weren't together at the time, I was going through a rough patch, and he was really sweet. So I made him a man.
I'm obviously hoping there will be more on Sunday. I'm just glad that we could finally make some strides. Maybe this is a good thing. We've been denying it for so long.
I guess we will see what happens in the next mcg. I'm exhausted now and kind of in a daze. It's been a really surreal day and al the crying has taken it out of me. I don't even have the energy to jerk off to what happened.
Anyway, I'm going to sleep. I'm exhausted and today was a lot to take in. We will see what happens on Sunday.
Maybe this is a good thing.
There's no maybe about this, it's definitely good.
Ghost in the Shell
patrician
was going through a rough patch, and he was really sweet
taking notes....
There's been a severe lack of pics, so here you go
I'm curious, where was our sis during the first phase? was she living with you?
What are your measurements, nymphsis?
Don't know the exact numbers, been a long time since I got measured. My doctor keeps whining at me to gain weight which should give you an idea.
My doctor keeps whining at me to gain weight
You should listen if you're serious about getting pregnant.
I probably should, yeah. I've put on weight the last couple years, but not a whole lot. It's mostly my diet. Lots of lean meats and veggies with basically one cheat day (pizza) a month.
momcestfag congregation
OF MY GOTT THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF THEM
Man I don't know if I should be happy or sad. What a fucking ride. I'm glad you worked that shit out gothmombro
erm... interesting
I love mature bodies
A little mombump
one cheat day (pizza) a month
Please, brosis! Pizza weekly. And lasagna. And pastas. And tacos and double cheeseburgers. Get that mombod!
Get that mombod!
T. Insulin manufacturer
I love to watch mommy dancing
anybody into mommy bully stuff?
If I ask she'd probably answer, maybe I will if we start talking about sex
Definitely ask about her unfulfilled urges and act concerned about how unhealthy it is. Then offer to help ofc.
Yep so far, those are the best times for longer meet ups
Is he a fast learner? Giving those juicy, mommy curves the proper treatment?
Please give us more greentexts when got time, auntfem-anon! &lt;3
Shortcut to momcest:
"thought you were handsome"
"you have a good size"
"I was drunk"
Gothmom-anon again
I think that absolutely played in my favor. I'd say I'm in pretty good shape.
I don't really know what to post. I barely slept last night just trying to process everything that happened. We're getting closer to bump limit so I guess the next update will be Monday.
I barely slept last night just trying to process everything that happened.
Do you think it was the same for your mom?
I guess the next update will be Monday
Let her know you want her as your goth mommywife. Tell her she's yours now.
For me, it's mom and friend.
Now it's safe to start buying her goth lengerie
How did her body change over the years, btw? Did she get a bit thicc'er and softer?
@errands-anon, daily update? things seem to be moving fast...
100% she is a thinker and a worrier. I just hope it was in a good way. She can either get very giddy and excited or worry and get guilty. I'm hoping she is excited for things but we will see.
That's the hope. We live relatively close so it would be easy to do.
Not just yet. I need to see how things go on Sunday. I don't want to push because she is definitely coming to grips with things.
In terms of face she has a couple of wrinkle lines but surprisingly, not a lot. I've said it before but she is an extremely clean woman who really takes care of herself. So always working out, skin care routine, all that stuff. I didn't really get to see her body because she stopped me but from what I saw of her stomach it is still slim, maybe a little bit more squishy but not by a lot. Her pussy is as tight and wet as I remember but now she has a full bush from the feel of things.
because she stopped
Why do you think she stopped from going all the way last night?
She can either get very giddy and excited or worry and get guilty
Better keep her giddy till Sunday. Tell her how glad you are you straightened things out and can't wait to see her...
Knowing my mom she is probably worrying, extremely nervous and stuck in her own head. She tends to get an idea in her head, not voice it and give herself her own narrative until it becomes self fulfilling. I'm guessing she is still fighting that guilt that all came out last night. We are going to talk some more on Sunday though.
It's like what happened when she called it off. We were making love all the time, happy, really getting along. An amazing mother son relationship but with some fucked up stuff bolted on. She got the idea in her head we could go back to "normal" after everything and tried to force us to be normal.
Well that's what I plan to do. I had favourite Starbucks coffee and sandwich delivered to her at work this morning with a little "Thank you, Love you mom, see you soon" card. She called me and said she wasn't expecting that, that it was really sweet and she's looking forward to seeing me and chatting on Sunday. So I think it is going smoothly but my mom can hide what she's really feeling some times.
and tried to force us to be normal
Well, it's not like she committed to becoming your lifelong partner when she started banging you, right?
At some point she stopped and thought about where it was all going. And that you need to get your life on track. There's absolutely nothing wrong in her wanting that for you. It was the right thing for her to push you away then.
Now that she knows you've tried normality but would rather go back, you can really take it to the next level and be comfortable with it.
Oh don't get me wrong I know she never committed to anything and I knew deep down it could never go on forever I just meant forced as in the ham fisted way she did it. There wasn't really a conversation or explanation just an abrupt cut off and a "we can't do that any more, we have to be normal". Any time I brought it up or asked questions she'd shut it down and get angry. That's why it was very emotional for us yesterday after the truth came out that we'd both misunderstood. I thought she'd had her fill and ended it when the reality is she got scared she was going in too deep and was starting to love me in a romantic way. I don't blame her for anything and it showed me how good of a mother she is because she wanted what was best.
I agree. We can finally see where things go, if they go anywhere.
it showed me how good of a mother she is because she wanted what was best
You absolutely need to tell her about this on Sunday. That you understand her intentions and actually appreciate her doing it. Maybe you don't feel that way still, but *she needs to hear it*. It will greatly alleviate her worries and any residual reluctance.
I'll keep that in mind for Sunday because I want to remove that guilt from her and move forward. I'm happy things seem to be going well though. I'm going to work so I won't reply for a while.
I do remember I owe that one anon the story of me fingering her in the back seat of the car. I got caught up with the updates and forgot.
I'll post later if the thread is still alive.
Well, it's not like she committed to becoming your lifelong partner when she started banging you, right?
That's a very casual way of looking at it, almost incomprehensible to me.
It was the right thing for her to push you away then.
I completely disagree with this. Even though she had good intentions the way she did it was clearly a mistake.
Your opinions probably come from you never having experienced any feelings of being rejected or abandoned by your mom, I think if you did you'd see things differently.
almost incomprehensible to me
You live in fantasy land. And risk sabotaging a real momcest affair with such naive idealistic perceptions.
imagine thinking you can groom adult men 
just admit you're here to be a moralfagging retard
you never having experienced any feelings of being rejected or abandoned by your mom
That trauma is *twisting* your opinions, not validating them in any way.
We're getting close to finishing line, boyos. Another weekend without the mcg...
The activity is insane last month. If the first thread stayed alive it woulda reached bump limit by early wednesday. Not too long ago people contemplated changing the schedule to every 2nd monday. Winter is just generally slow season. Hopefully warmer days come faster here so i can finally catch mine wearing dresses and pounce on the weak spot.
