"kill yourself"
"okay"
"NOOO NOT LIKE THAT!!!"
breakdances on the floor
I dont think the guy killing himself is fun but the dad acting like its a fucking movie cliche republican assholery and finding out, its killing me XD
Reminder that suicide only spite niggas that actually care about you and its pleasure for those who don't.
Why did they fall down?
"kill yourself"
"okay"
"NOOO NOT LIKE THAT!!!"
breakdances on the floor
lol wut
real shit
original
They got a mental breakdown from their punching bag being gone.
They thought they were going to mentally torment him about this afterwards but he just said "BET" and took the dads gun and pulled the trigger.
And now hes free. :)
lmao he really didn't think that one through
they are breakdancing of course, didn't you read the OP
That's not breakdancing because they're not very good at it
He could have just walked out. I guess the stupid deserve it, though.
How can he slap? How can he slap?
Temper tantrum.
You usually see this when a kid gets their toy taken away etc. but adults can do it too.
They're mad they lost their little toy they can torture mentally and then gaslight and repeat.
Dad gave his son the option to kill himself because he thought he was too pussy to actually do it and then he could mock him about it but the son just decided to pull the trigger and end his life.
Mom and dad got mad their toy got broken so they started rolling araund on the floor from anger like a little kid.
suicide only spite niggas that actually care about you
oh, so no one then.
this webm is my only fear about killing myself
I don't want anyone to go through that amount of agony and guilt
He could have just walked out
He should've killed both of them
Also theres a 3rd option
Suicide angers people who get off on controlling you like those parents in the video :)
They got their ego boost from mentally abusing and gaslighting their son into insanity and now their toy is broken :(
Time to roll araund on the ground from rage and punch his corpse for running away from his duty of being their personal mental punching bag for the rest of his life.
God boomers and their mentality are so fucking gay.
Agony and guilt?
More like anger their toy got broken.
Nobody is going to give you a loaded gun and tell you to "kill yourself if you're so suicidal then you wont, pussy" because they love you.
HOLY BASED
No hesitation whatsoever.
ricecels
They do be like that.
boomers all think they're some kind of badass clint eastwood character that is the star of the movie that is their life.
they are detached from reality.
He didn't even hesitate for a second. Jesus...
This is the most hilarious death related webm i've ever seen, not being edgy, is just that it really made me laugh hard, i don't know, maybe was the OP shitpost and also those overreactions are so weird, peak clownpill for me lmao.
LOL your parents are like "bound" and "care" about you because you're their genetic lineage. If you do anything to the closest to being an evolutionary loser by just dying, they will subconsciously feel ashamed for it. They will feel worse if you're their only child (or brothers because your brother may be also a faggot loser) but if they have a daughter, it's pretty irrelevant if something happens to you since they can cope with her getting impregnated by a random chad. (literally priding off their daughter only having sex)
I mean, this is all genetic predetermined behavior in the first place, there were no morals established around your life to begin with. Never mind how your genes evolved whether from self-respectable chad family or subhuman goblins. 
If spiteful subhumans, they will just torture you to make themselves feel heightened for the moment for the sake of their psychological copes. It's never meant to be this way but that's how the world works.
What is the context of this? tried to google it but didn't find anything.
i remember i saw it too here years ago but now that you put it that way its more freaking hilarious 
rest in peace brother
Shit is out of a Family Guy skit kek
Real life tragedies look like something straight out of an ancient silent movie comedy
Damn, humanity is some really weird shit.
One of the worst things that could possibly happen to a parent just happened in front of them and they are directly responsible for it happening. They are experiencing some of the most extreme emotion someone can experience, and it is completely irreversible. They have no outlet for their emotions and those emotions are so extreme that they cannot hold them back. They're writhing around on the ground because that's literally the only thing they can do at the moment.
They got their ego boost from mentally abusing and gaslighting their son into insanity and now their toy is broken
They sound like my mom and dad!
u guys assume so much from like a minute of video. He shot himself because his parents taunted him with the gun. Not that hard. We shouldn't have to deal with your guys' pain from having shit parents and imaginary lives
Is there a story behind this? I assume they are his parents
reverse image search brings up seegore article 
https://seegore.com/son-shoots-himself-after-being-offered-by-the-father/
yes, they're his parents
Parents argued with him over chores and him playing Internet games
I can see why he shot himself I can only imagine the type of parents he had now that he's gone suddenly there's no one for them to come down on and suddenly they are left with the gravity of their lives 
It's like when a guy murders a bunch of people then kills himself society is distraught because they have no one to make an example of and their mentality of blood for the blood god can't be sated so they are left feeling hollow
The bullet was loaded with nerve gas for maximum damage
Seizure you retard
More asians need to die from gun violence.
more asians need to die from gun violence senpai.
gif related, curry cartel man on his way to jail when he got capped. fr fr no cap.
He broke his toy.
Suicide is the only thing you can't regret
Pretty much. This advice has existed in one form or another forever.
The best revenge is a life well lived etc.
My grandma used to give me the reverse perspective. Your loved ones are happy you're here. Your enemies are seething about it.
If your life is so bad then kill yourself!
Ok *boom*
NOOOOOO
Normalslime btfo forever
The way I heard it was 
 dad's like "i tell yuh whut boy. You hate me so fuckin bad you take thissear gun and you shoot me with it boy"
 begins to walk away
 absolute madlad an hero's
 the dad thinks his dipshit son actually tried to shoot him but misses. Comes over and slaps him
 Realization dawns. Fall on floor. Snowangels
It's fun to watch asians die.
In this one a bully doesn't follow through and gets what he deserves.
Best one I seen was a guy at the gun range who took a few shots and then an hero'd right away. Such an aesthetic death, imagine rotting away as a wageslave.
Normalscum seething when they have to replace a cog in their degenerate jew machine. Reminder, YOU own your life, not your family or your employer
Honestly wish someone would kill me.
Imagine robbing a place and then turning your back to someone who could potentially be carrying, absolutely retarded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcQexz1iU5M [Embed]
