Why do women always have long hair and men have it short?
Because God hates abominations amen.
my hair is about that long though
If there's hair in my pizza, I want a refund!
anon i keep my hair tied up and i have to wear a hat. I have never had a problem getting hair in people's food.
Based long-haired pizza delivery anon.
I would be honoured to have you bring me a nice tasty pizza. Used to order a lot of them but less lately, still am fat though.
My hair isn't at all short. Currently my hair is longer than it's ever been going pasty shoulders and starting downy back. Craziest part is it's only been like a year since I started growing it
Men used to have longer hair too, for centuries 
Short hair was for slaves and peasants
It changed in the west when they tried to make being a soldier cool and manly to encourage people to join up to the world wars
Cut your hair short goy, so masculine women love it, btw enjoy drowning in a muddy trench
I'm against war as a principle and am unfit for service anyway. Should I grow my hair long?
sorry but no men look attractive with hair longer than their jaw, past that point it's awful. some women pull of super short hair really well but most can't
Humiliation ritual. Weak men, slaves, and military class have short hair. They normalize it as a psychological attack on masculinity.
Having short hair makes going bald easier.
as in, you lose your hair quicker?
Should I grow my hair long?
Yes. It unironically makes people look a lot better. Please don't do that thing where you just grow it out as an unkempt greasy mess as I see a lot of incels irl do. 
le how do I care for hair? le growing out?
What am I, chatgpt xD? Seriously tho, just trim it and style it every once in a while and wash it regularly, that should be good
t. senpai with medium long curly hair (zoomer tier, no perm tho)
Every day I wish for more anons to be in my delivery area.
these are all true. Long hair is a mark of freedom from submission. Long hair main owns his circumstances, short hair man is owned by his circumstances. Simple as.
No, hair length has no effect on hair loss unless you treat it harshly like having it in a (tight) pony tail or manbun. What anon meant was that it's easier psychogically because you're basically bald already with short hair, the difference isn't that great.
ohh I see thanks for clarifying
I struggle to understand what people mean sometimes because of my learning diffuclty
Idk but it was pretty common for men to wear long hair in history
Because long hair gets in the way of hard work, and historically 99% of hard work was done by men. As other anons have pointed out, long hair (like pale skin) used to be a status symbol because it meant you were wealthy enough to sit on your ass indoors and not be toiling in the fields. As for why modern men keep their hair short, it's probably because they're trend-following sheep.
women always have long hair and men have it short
Not the leftists.
that's...oddly kinda hot ngl
Men traditionally did manual labor, women traditionally did housework, which didn't involve as much "getting your hands dirty." Also, womens' lives revolved to a very large degree around seducing men so they kept their hair long and styled it as well-styled, long hair is considered the most 'beautiful' look. Old women usually keep their hair short because at their stage of life seducing men is no longer relevant.
Men also had bowl cuts in the Medieval period
My hair used to be down to my ass and I got the most male attention and then after I cut it to my chin literally no man wanted me. Women keep their hair long to attract male partners
You should grow it long again m'lady, it will make you feel youthful and revitalized!
im a man and my hair is long
1 Corinthians 14-15
Im growing it out again its about to the middle of my back now. I love long hair but its hard to manage sometimes.
shit I meant 1 corinthians 11:14-15 
but yeah it liter
Nice, I bet it looks good. What's your favourite length/style on guys?
I also had it to my chin for my whole teenage life (ages 15-19) and didn't get any male attention at all. Now that I have longer hair, the difference is like night and day. I feel bad for my former self for developing insecurity issues as a result. The "anime haircut" really didn't suit me, especially since I cut it myself.
Thanks! It does look good, esp after I dyed my hair ashy brown. I used to be porn star platinum blonde lol. 
What's your favourite length/style on guys?
I like guys with shorter hair, not too worried about style as long as its not that stupid fucking curly tiktok hair style guys do. Oddly enough mullets kind of turn me on??
Brunettes are my favourite ngl
I used to be porn star platinum blonde
did you have the entire look or just hair like that? 
and yeah, with you on hating the tiktok brocoli cut lol
Im a natural brunette but box dyed it blonde when I was like 12 and never got it professionally done until just last month. I just had the pornstar hair. I hate the bimbo look the older I get. That broccoli cut is SO bad. Mullets are 100 percent better
Damn you do sound cute. Hang on imma go get me a nice mullet from the barber...
Also, what do you think of this haircut?
Lol Im not all that cute. I prefer an unkept mullet, like this 
Also, what do you think of this haircut?
Im not opposed to it but also not my favorite. Im not a fan of the super clean line
Damn that does kinda look a bit like me but slimmer and with longer hair at the back. I am enjoying growing the tache out though, it's a fun style to play around with. And yeah idk if I could pull off a cut like that but was tempted to try it.
I'm a bit of a hippie I've been trying to grow it out but it honestly just doesn't really suit me aesthetically. There's more to being a hippie than dude long hair lmao
