My bf is so amazing I love being with him he has beautiful green eyes that are so loving and he has a cute smile hes so sweet and loving and he smells so stinky I love smelling him hes so affectionate
This isn't me it's an imposter among us
Are you the diaper tranny? I'm convinced you two(?) faggots are just trolling because there is no way you expect a bunch of right wing poltard incels to believe that a crossdressing spic and a chaser have a relationship worth envying.
green and blue eyes are code for nigger (kike) in disguise
She has blue eyes and looks white. She's a cute diaperbaby, tho.
I'm white, though.
Are you actually trans? Are you on HRT? Have you had any surgeries?
go colonize a new country then. kike
how old are you, nobody above 16 types like this
I'm 22.
No surgeries but I have been on HRT for 4 years now.
You didn't even get my age right
Are you prescribed or self medicated? What's your dosing schedule?
make him smell your feet and update me pls
Don't lie to us, we know you started HRT at 22
Just another fanfic created by obsessed schizos that cant read
I'm self medicated because my family are bpd or catholic and don't support my transition. I take 6 mg of Estradiol Valerate injection ( i do the injecting ) every 5 days.
I love my /co/ gf. I can spend days upon days talking with her about all the cartoons we enjoy, all the comics we read. I can just spout out my genuine passions, and she doesn't get bored. And she gets to do the same, it's perfect. It just feels nice to have someone to overanalyze Peanuts character with.
is what I would say if I had a /co/ gf...
how well does the hormone treatment work? would you say you pass vocally / physically?
probably not as good as if I started before puberty but my r9k bf says I look like Kurisu so that's something. I'm not posting my voice again after last time but I think it passes and people from /qa/ said it was cute.
Taking boyfriend opinions seriously on matters like that is like saying "My mom says I'm handsome!!!"
lol if you knew who my bf was, you would understand why I can take his word for it. He isn't the kind to beat around the bush and his straight talking often gets him in trouble on this board with transphobes etc
i tried to kill myself in the woods but failed. trying to get the courage to do it again.
He is inevitably going to leave you and you will feel agony and it will never cease. There will be no catharsis, tranny.
Bocchi The Rock and its consequences have been a disaster for the userbase of a Bosnian quilting forum
I am going to kill my self soon if they keep posting these types of things as well. high five
We are going to be together forever and share so many precious memories with each other! I love him sooooooooo much, he is such a sweet and amazing person. Did I mention that he's such a sweet and thoughtful person? I'm so lucky I have him. He's my angel. My love. MY REASON TO LIVE. I am so happy!!!!! I want to kiss him and hug him and never let go! I'm so obsessed with my bf he is everything to me!!!! I can't wait to be with him in mexico~~~ He is my love and every day I think to myself "what can I do to make him happy?"
Count me in too because this is insanity and theres someone who cuts because they torment them so much or some shit like that
He's a chaser you're dating though, you can't take it too seriously. Believe what you would like but I personally trust unbiased opinions more
he literally called me out in the thread where we met lol he isn't going to sugarcoat anything just because we're dating. he makes his feelings plain on discord when we talk about me being lonely before we met and we disagree about robots dating so I know he tells me the truth
oh. yeah that is me. what word should I cut today
So he's stubborn, emotionally invalidating, and has asinine opinions? Great catch.
And hes a fucking idiot for calling people they are normies while having a relationship himself fucking gatekeeping bitch
