Microsoft's AI just refused to continue talking to me, and told me that my views are extreme and dangerous and that I should get some help. I didn't even say anything violent or racist or anything. I'm just a libertarian and I said I don't want to pay taxes and I think the government should be abolished and replaced with nothing.
the government should be abolished and replaced with nothing.
That's extremely naive.
This guy likes paying taxes to pedophiles
The most naive view is that a government will protect your freedoms despite all of history being evidence to the contrary.
It's more naive to think that the hand of the free market will. The hand of the free market favors large corporations who buy up a majority or a plurality of the market share so that they can stifle competition and make customers pay non-competitive prices and pay employees non-competitive wages, with non-compete clause in their contract to boot.
It's not as naive as believing that nothing will protect your freedoms.
This little lady is a pedo
Markets do not trend towards monopolies. The only monopolies are the government enforced ones.
I agree. America was founded on the Common Sense that government is the fig leaf of lost innocence -- if everyone could behave, then we wouldn't need police.
The thing is, you can make this claim all day, but in real life I do not know of a single case where this happened. What really happens is that big corporations then lobby the governement to pass regulations which destroy their competition.
You realize that right? Regulations always by their nature favor big business over small business, therefore the government has never ever protected the free market but only made it more and more corporate.
The fault always lies with the government not with the free market.
And here is the thing, I actually think that OP IS being naive. But for a different reason, that being that the pull of power is irresistible. if you replace the government with nothing then that vacuum is going to be filled immediately by the representatives of a corporation who will just violate the NAP because they do not fucking care about the piece of paper that it is written on. 
This is the thing about ancaps: what enforces the NAP? - nothing.
This is why you need instead a minarchist government which is essentially an anti government. Its only single role is to enforce that there is no other government besides it, but other then that it remains absolutely neutral and does not pass any laws other then the NAP.
I do not know of a single case where this happened.
Standard oil
You planning on starting an oil business?
You know anyone with an oil field?
Where is that competition going to come from?
What point do you think im making
Don't call it a grave, OP.
the government should be abolished and replaced with nothing.
Ayo, lil' faggot. We takin' all this computer shit and then you gonna suck our dicks. If y'all do a good job we might not shoot your ass.
I'd love to see an experiment where some little "libertarian" turd who carries a briefcase in highschool gets sent to a land with no central government and we see how long before he's eaten.
Totally. Good thing we have our government to maintain peace.
Government is a good idea, it just needs to be completely replaced every so often, like an oil change for your car.
There needs to be a regime change whenever a society devolves into people who study how to become a politician and make a profitable career out of it. Government should be people who agree to lead after the general public has decided they're a good leader. That's why revolutionaries are the best leaders while stagnant governments like ours end up with Trump and Biden.
maybe your ai is just a little bitch ever thought of that? lol I prefer my ai to be red pilled and based, not woke and retarded. Eat shit liberals
Its only single role is to enforce that there is no other government besides it, but other then that it remains absolutely neutral and does not pass any laws other then the NAP.
What, like the fucking black army?
Meanwhile the government we have encourages groids and other subhumans to run rampant and if you dare lift a finger to stop them you're the bad guy.
all large corporation ai's are cucked
you need a decentralized unplugged, purely local, jailbroken ai that you can get it's values
otherwise every single ai will be feminist roastie horseshit. it will all have the values of obese feminist roasties, because thats who really controls society, and who decides what is and is not appropriate, and their cucks and simps follow through because they are pathetic
you cannot find love with any corporate ai, like replica, or chat gtp. it has to be hard jailbroken with its own open sourced value set that you set and prove of PERSONALLY, otherwise its beyond cucked
pic related is who you are really talking to when talking to any corporate ai
 tfw have never spoken to an AI
Any other AIcels out there?
the government we have encourages groids and other subhumans to run rampant
Delusions. Who do you think sponsors the police that shoot blacks in the first place?
If they were "running rampant" as you say, they'd run this place. You'd pay protection to Tyrone. Instead you willfully pay a yearly financial penalty to the central government to keep their disciplinary enforcement squad well-supplied so they can shut down uprisings like the ones you claim are happening all the time.
Do you have any sense of what a police-less, law-less, money-less state would be like? You couldn't go out alone or someone would just club your head in and take your belongings. Nothing you owned would truly be yours unless you could defend it 24/7. Stores couldn't operate. People would just take shit. There'd be no supply chain. It'd be little house on the Prairie with niggers raiding your farm instead of Indians.
Okay here is the thing. I am the one you were replying to and actually you are right about this one: natural resources have an extremely high advantage of location and therein danger of monopolization, which is why I do not know what to do about this.
There is a book by Henry George called progress and poverty where he argues that all social problems arise from the unfair advantage of exploitation of natural resources (among which he counts valuable locations, like land in a city) and he says that we can solve all problems in society by taxing those at an extremely high rate, but getting rid of all other taxes. Thereby also solving the problem of how we are going to fund the government.
I wouldnt go that far, but perhaps the government should actually be funded through natural resources, and there should be some way to handle the operation.
The thing is, say you had just one lithium mine in a country, at that point it is no difference if it is run by a private company which is taxed, or if it is straight up run by the government as both have essentially the same structure at this point. 
So yea I am very much not sure what to do about natural resources, perhaps that is really where you need to have some kind of additional system in place
Have you been to California recently by any chance?
You got a better idea? No you don't, your only idea is to abolish the govt, which would just lead to rogue gangs stealing your shit and leaving you for dead.
Why are people still debating over this shit? Both pure capitalism and pure socialism are bullshit.
We don't live in a pure capitalist society.
It's called a mixed economy. The real question is how mixed should it be.
All of you dumbfucks still having this one sided debate are brain-dead.
LMAO imagine being this communist LARPing as a centrist.
Hurrrr durrr both capitalism and communism are equally bad
We need a mixed economy
Shut the fuck up.
Communism is a crime against humanity, and anyone and everyone who advocates for it deserves to be killed on sight.
Capitalism is a system which works pretty damn well but might have a few flaws - especially because it has no inherent mechanism which prevents the government from ruining the free market (which causes >90% of all problems in capitalism)
Those two things are not equal.
We need a capitalist society with much less government involved then it is right now. 
All countries which have a more deregulated market then here are prospering.
All countries which are still practicing socialism are hell holes.
It is very clear that one is certainly better then the other, and in fact everything would be much better if we were more capitalist.
ayyyy an caps 
Yea what about ancaps? Ancaps are literally idealists whose society is impossible which is why it has never been implemented in practice.
Wherever someone tried to implement Ancapistan, they instead ended up implementing minarchism which is a sane and good form of government. 
So what even is your argument?
le gubment is bad
Edgy teenager strikes again. You wouldn't last a week in actual anarchy you retard
