We need a dedicated /kr/ board or a recurring general like /drugfeel/ or /mbti/
based
he is only interested in Korean Women.
aesthetic
I wonder how many YT women he has sex with.
Do you stormy?
Yeah idk about that
ew chinks.
This guy is hot
Is he really JBK oppa?
zero. he is dating Korean Women only.
jej
why tf do they want taller women? should i go for an asian guy? i've forever felt "too tall" for being 5'5".
They want white women but all they get is a sad jerk on the sub. 
Sad ricecel reality.
Where are you even from? That's average height for a woman in many European countries lol
Tall women with long legs are prized in East Asia
They dont like womanlets
Mathafucckka
I fuck any White woman that I can. Do you realize how DTF and hook-up friendly they are? They based as fuck with sex.
But unfortunately, I would only settle with a Korean because cultural bullshit is too much to deal with.
Suck it, ytboi.
YWNBK
Koreans are pretty tall. They have the same average height as an American. alot of 6+ guys walking around
why do YTs believe that everybody wants them? like the notion of people not desiring YTs is simply unthinkable for YTs.
Well, I know I do. A femanon asked me this once, and I was gonna answer until I realized that the thread was already old.
But 5'5 is actually too short for me, lmao. I like 5'7 at least.
It is just a bit above the average height for women here, but Imo it'd be better to be shorter. guys always have fetishes for short women, but never for average height women lol.
No I hate Korea
ICK. YT WOMYN GIVE ME THE ICK.
Korea is for Koreans.
we need a nyeongie lightskin stare general
I still remember your voice from the vocaroos, fembot :3
Kek everything East Asian men like are the opposite of the average East Asian female. No wonder they cope by throwing themselves at white and other non-Asian guys.
East Azn Women are the best. keep coping YT becky
lol. i never heard that.
Too all the Koreabros living in the west.
You guys should try visiting the motherland.
Its the best. You get to cuck white guys 24/7 and white women are literally throwing themselves at you.
I want both of you to have your own board or containment thread, too. Also, consider this your med prompt, guys.
I'm doing these guys a favor. Hope you can stop shitting up the board.
they*
You really don't. These JBK stuff is just typical shitpost trash by stormy probably. You still need to be handsome and stuff.
Literally anything on this site is bullshit.
Will both of these K-Chads be regulars in the /kr/ board or thread??
https://vocaroo.com/1dXv819JJwDL
https://vocaroo.com/13lCeYLrnooO
There's no white country where the female average height is below 5'5". You're from a third world country aren't you
ooooohhh, yuropoor?
And then you woke up with white CHAD banging korean chicks next door kek
in my european country it's 5'4" (well now that i checked it's 5'4.7" exactly so i'm pretty close to that i guess)
What the fuck, lol. I always preferred taller women in my whole life.
why doesnt that "chad" bang YT chicks? could it be that YTs womyn are inferior...
Gaslighting asian female lurkers into thinking korean guys will ever like them won't get you laid, Stormy.
Uh, you can say that about any race. Why give a pass to Whites when they say that, but you try to utterly shut it down when Koreans do? Go coon it up somewhere else faggot.
ACK!
its over brad
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72768208/#72768208
White chads bang everything it's just asian women are SO easy because they LUST after BWC.
I don't think 5'5" counts then, you mean like 5'6 or 5'7. 5'5" isn't tall or short, it's average.
LMAO why are they so delusional
Cope gook cuck, its truly over.
cope, becky. you will never compete with East Azn Women.
cumstain got rekt and ignored the thread KEK
mind absolutely broken
YWNBAW cope gook tranny
if they bang everything then why wont they bang YT womyn? could it be that YT womyn are inferior
Seethe ricecel midget
I don't really care about 'giving passes' or anything. Every racebaiter is a bitch in my eyes, every single one. I'm not race-obsessed, basically.
Yeah, 5'5 is good and isn't short, but taller is always a bonus.
Mayocels absolutely getting BTFO
YWNBK
Kek cope more.
stormy, I thought you were better than this.
Lol
Lmao
kek, YTs are speechless
Cope coon boy. Cope.
Kek gooks are coping
You act familiar. Where are you from? I'm guessing somewhere near Oceania? Could be just my imagination, though.
how so, by posting cartoons?
zam, get rekt YT
Never forget Whiteoid disappeared after this thread never to be seen again after Fembots all preferred Koreans over his E-boy with Voice confirmation 
LMAOOOOOO
Centeal European white CHAD
Lol cope gookcel
KEK. YOU POSTED THE WRONG PIC
EXPOSED
YWNBAWoman YWNBAWhite
these ratios are fucking ridiculous
oh wait. i just opened the gif HAHAHA.
its mostly me. im the rabble rouser
Kek go watch the gif
Cope and seethe cuckcel gook
nobody cares retard every thread is like that.
Go look at all the top general threaads with 400-600 replies they all have 40-50 ips
u goofy mayocel
It's just Stormy and some other anti-Asian chimper. They make up 80% of the replies.
kek, keep seething yt, i havent posted a single pic except QT Koreans
Here's another qt korean
Tenda aint Korean
That's Stormy's brother. They're both 'SEA hapamen'.
haha
Nahh, but Stormy is actually pure American White, it seems.
Korean women literally cut up their faces to have ordinary european features because korean guys like YOU prefer blond hair, big blue eyes, pale skin, high nose bridges, small faces, v-shaped jaws and slim bodies with tits and ass. 
"Kacies" will never be able to compete. You know you can't deny this.
He's not Korean...
Try not to give his little brain doses of false affirmation.
I even found my bridge too high before.
looks basic asf. why are YTs so delusional over their looks?
Both Japs and Koreans are white dick semen slurpers, it's not even funny.
What coon boy? It just showed 'dark circles on eyes' when I looked it up. It that against Asians or another race? I'm not too stupid to be too into racebaiting, sorry.
She's a model in south korea and very popular for her looks that fit korean beauty ideals to a T.
But ofc you wouldn't know being the whitewashed asian-american that you are.
Stormy can't see that because he isn't Korean. I'd so marry that girl, lmao.
She has everything. White girl with Korean beauty who is accustomed to Korean culture.
me and nyeongie are the only sane people itt
Stormy, do you speak hangugeo?
Have you ever been to SK?
I'm guessing no to both lmao
Final question,
Are you going to post your sister again?
Girl is already getting piped by a Kim that's much Chadder than me, so that fucking blows.
I've always wanted to be with one of these White babes that just mix in perfectly with Korean beauty and culture.
my oppas are so handsome
i need to kaceymaxx for them
Did he actually post his sister? Tf
Blending in with South Korea is much more important than beauty, desu. You can focus on beauty after you've gotten accustomed to the culture. Otherwise you can only go as far as hook-ups.
That's why she disowned him.
once a korean man at a korean restaurant told me i was pretty 
i wish my nyeongie thought so too
Go back to gobbling KBBQ while watching your favourite Korean NSFW streamers, Stormy, Burger Knight.
You most probably are, since you aren't deformed nor fat (important), hahaha. Also, since you've been complimented by Korean men before.
I don't think they'd just do that randomly for no reason.
This cancer mole "blue" has killed the Korean thread.
Go back to tap dancing Uncle Roger Fried Rice
my nyeongie is an isfj introvert 
so am i 
we just wanna stay inside having sex and eating patbingsoo 
korean girls are really pretty tho 
i will be happy if he marries one 
as long as she treats him like the prince he is 
and he will be a great daddy &lt;3
Is this girl really a South Korean model? Is she dating someone?
Hi Stormy.
I forgot to attach pic.
Her name is angelina danilova and yeah she's a model in SK.
Riiight. I don't recognize her somehow.
95 / 27 / 13 / 1
Reminder that it is time to take your [delete as necessary] 
Olanzapine . Aripiprazole . Paliperidone . Blonanserin . Risperidone . Quetiapine . Haloperidol . Flupenthixol . Zuclopenthixol . Clozapine
Yeah. Her, Dasha and Elina are three big soviet models in Korea right now. 
They date Korean men.
Mmm
She's a lower profile K-celeb, 5'9, 26 years old, and most importantly, single. Hahaha
(Picrel) will always be my all-time fave White-Kacy girl though.
Dasha
Yes, Dasha. I love her.
Should've been me. Fuck those KimChads, lol.
she's single cus Korean men dont want to date her.
This is for Stormy and the other guy spamming Asian hate shit. They made around 70 of those replies.
She's saving herself for me, you cuck. I'll cum in her next week and send you a timestamped pic, so just sit tight.
No one wants to date or talk to you irl either, that's why you waste away your whole fuckin life by spamming r9k 24/7.
Elina is dating some guy called Changhwa or something. She seems to have stalked him into dating her.
Is he Korean? That sounds like it could be Chinese guy.
This is your med prompt, buddy.
Post proof now
oriigigig
It's the same thing, buddy. I didn't spam shit.
Everyone knows its you and Stormy samefagging and bumping this tgread. You're probably the same person anyway. Absolute braindead gook retards.
We have different voices.
Many different voices in your heads. Because you are both mentally unwell. And both need to take your meds. This is your med prompt.
YWNBK, Stormy
:3
Kek
This board would turn into a massive hookup community between ricecels and white femcels so fast
But YWNBK though, Stormy. Did I tell you that I see Korean girls everyday? Just saying.
Just stop spamming, Stormy. You're embarassing Koreans when you're not even Asian at all. Even Tenda Asian-mogs you.
Lol
Lmao
Nah it wouldn't.
Unironically these Korean threads showed how much White guys make up the huge majority of r9k.
They even say its alot of samefagging by a few ricecels and its majority White guys chimping out.
Fakecel if you wouldn't fuck a 4chan tranny
yall know i dont post without my handle.
im busy doing taxes
Mogged
you're a YT though, i heard your vocaroo, you arent Korean.
Damage control. Don't spam shit man.
I'm not White, you are. You aren't Korean, I am.
Can't help it. People post at the exact time as I do. I can't mass tag.
nta, are you the only korean guy on /r9k/ then?
Uh pic rel she used to ask him to feature in her tiktoks a lot and according to Korean media they are now officially dating.
It looks like it. I don't know. I don't spend 24/7 here like Stormy.
Haha, he looks so gay. She should go out with me instead. Tarann is still prettier though.
YWNBAW faggot tranny shill go dilate and kys
He is handsome, she did well for herself.
go away YTs. you are actually poison
Looks like a lesbian by western standards. Why are all ricecels so incredibly low test?
Thats what prime girls want. Not some hairy arsed wrinkly ballbag.
What's the mental illness tier list for the r9koreans?
Stormy has to be pretty high because of the glowie paranoia. Blue obviously for the manic samefagging. JBK for the JFL cope projection. Is Six the only normal one? I know there was some pedo accusations but nothing proven, right?
There was also this Six guy, actually. But he was inactive when I started being active myself.
That specific one actually is, I agree. He even looks a bit Chinese.
cuz it's hot duh, return to XX chromosome
You kpop/korean fans are fucked up. I feel so sorry for those guys like you stalk them and pretend as if they would ever give a shit about you. You people are the worst for that and actively make there lives worse
Women don't want effeminate asian "males", not even asian women.
this is what i mean - YTs are always a waste of time. zero fun, all autism. who wants to be around that? who wants to "date" that?
Stay out of Korea.
what's the glowie paranoia? I know about him posting his sister's pics for clout which is pretty fucked up
What do you have to say about this >>73006434?
now i am insane
Your name is Michael.
He looks like an anime guy, honestly. You know, those ones that fuck 2d girls and 2d dragons that are old, but look like kids.
The ones that Western anime fans jerk off to every night.
no buddy, just you
meds
Huge cope, this is why they are drowning in prime teen pussy and you are a cave roach mayocel who has never touched a vagina since his mothers at birth.
Your women love it.
She should've assaulted the one on the right.
No woman want an asian "male".
How do white boys cope?
No Azn man wants a non-Azn.
That video is about Indians and other Asians. Absolutely not about Koreans.
But you've been told that for the #5937 time, I know.
I've literally had flings with White girls.
Kek
Cope. 
Even SEA dudes get more pussy than you. You will never have an attractive gf.
I could find the same stuff for White guys if I spend enough time to search.
That means nothing, lol.
Oh no, white boys are taking the 3/10 BPD Asian girls, how will they cope?
That SEA guy should be careful around me.
I am Korean.
so have i. but you're not Korean, you're YT. i heard your vocaroo
Many such cases.
Being rejected by Korean Chad breaks roasties brains.
No go have a chan 4 Korea instead like Russia has an alternate this is only for the USA,
no you arent. you're a YT Canadian
i feel bad for her, she definitely regrets being photographed like that.
Cope more. Just like the other seething gookcel who is too scared to reply. 
You will always be an effeminate ricecel cuck.
How do we stop female sexpats from sexually harassing Korean men in public?
No such thing.
There's already ilbe. They were suggesting a /kr/ general, but for non-Koreans. Mainly for White girls.
Reminder if they didnt see us as a threat they wouldnt bother responding since it wouldnt matter to them. 
They spend hours in these threads bros, losing hair over us. Love to see it.
that's my alt account, nico
Kek
You need to grow up. That's the 50th ITT already.
Its mostly impoverished old people. Meanwhile young white males have the highest suicide rate.
anyway, i wanna bear jinyoungs children
Your fate. Nobody wants gookcels.
send her home. Korean guys dont want her.
based and honorable passing.
you're a YT grill.
Who's reading all this stuff though? Who's screencapping all of them? Who is going around the internet watching hours of PUA that are racist towards Asians (and saving them)?
I think it's just you, buddy.
Based. Korean women hate wrinkly guys. They needed to prettyboy max.
look at this mentally ill YT. NO KOREAN wants this.
Who is a seething gookcel that can't cope with being universally undesirable kek
Ayy, Stormy. Why are you also hating on Korean guys? Ooh, because you're not, haha.
Just love both Korean and White women, cuckboi.
1000 korean cock stare
you're not Korean, YT boi. no i dont love YTs, buzz off.
Stormy is a mentally ill white guy from Texas. You are new here, but oldfags like me will remember he used to post WMAF porn all the time. Hes definitely not Korean.
well, i did, and all it did was create more mental illness so i stopped.
That's an expected past of a guy like him. Next 5 years, he'll be larping as a poo, in the all-new JBI(Just be Indian).
You wish you were Korean.
YTs are overrated. stay OUT of Korea
actions > words
its hilarious i sometimes larp as a black man or a indian...
They seethe at blacks but not nearly as much and almost completely ignore indian threads
kpop has utterly mindbroken these poor poor cucks
Lmao only thing you get is chinese import sex dolls while white CHADS plow your sister and mother simultaneously
Yeah, you will never be Korean.
ACK!
sure u do chud.... sure u do... maybe fix up ur population okay?
Whites boys are too busy slitting their wrists and looking for black men to top them on grindr to fuck anything but their hand.
I feel bad for mayocels man.
Like it literally never begun for them and they gotta cope all day and night in threads like this.
We completely utterly broken them.
Maybe we should give these cumstains a break what do you guys say?
I've seen it. Blackanons fuck White pussy and rape ytbussy.
i posted WMAF porn, yea. my Korean is shit, yea. i dont add anyone, yea.
i dont care if you think im not Korean.
Lol
Lmao
Why not. Gotta get ready for the day. I couldn't sleep so well, so I just shipost here anyways.
Why are white boys so faggy? Theyre overrepresented as homosexuals.
i hate you YT fucks. full of liars and little weasel shits.
spam AMWF to balance the scales Stormy
You are white until proven otherwise. You have the rotten decayed soul of a white male.
let the asians fuck your white women and maybe theyll make more kdrama for you
He's definitely ethnically korean (or at least chink) based on the pics of his sister he posted. Probably like second or third gen, though, and has never actually been to korea. Which is why everyone is laughing at him telling people to keep out of korea - like he has.
hes pure white
you know. i did post AMWF a couple times, LOOOOOOOOOONG ago.
yea, i get that. i dont think i can disagree, except i'm Korean.
what pics, you all believe anything.
na
Why do white boys love killings themselves so much?
Why cant white boys breed? Why dont their women want them?
YT guys AND girls are fucked up in the head and need to stay out of Korea
You're so wrong, it hurts kek
Asian women pay millions of yuan, won and baht to follow effeminate Kpop idols around the world and buy hundreds of albums for a chance to meet them in a one-minute conversation. These women stay single for the majority of their youth because they are obsessed with skinny, makeup wearing, hairless Korean Chads and don't want anyone else but them. Now the rest of the world is just following along, that's why so many white and other non-Asian women are travelling to Korea now and are looking for a Korean boyfriend.
Many such cases, sad!
Why do white boys commit 75% of suicides despite being less than half of the population?
Kek
Chads dont fuck Asian girls. Only betas simp for them. 
t. gymbro
meds
what did they mean by this
yea, you need your meds
How will we recover Asian bros?
Meanwhile white women are saying they want Asian guys to impregnate them in front of their white cuck bfs. Top kek.
Why do gookcels have the highest suicide rate of any developed country?
Guess that's what low t and no pussy do to the gookcel kek
Lmao cope more undesirable gookcel
look at this thread - pure mental illness.
no wonder i hate you YT fucks, both genders, KEK
Nah its literally just old people. Meanwhile 18-25 and middle aged white guys have the highest suicide rate.
Denial. Cope and kys, gookcel. Chances are you will kek
So where are all these rich Asian single moms with half Asian babies? Oh yeah, they dont exist kek. Imagine believing western (((media)))
Because none of what you said is reality kek. If you think white guys have good lives and can get gfs easily, why do you think there are so many of them on here spamming porn for hours? The white tranny ITT will definitely kill himself.
Accept reality. Nobody wants you. Women explicitly pay money to avoid you.
based.
na hes only here because he got baited by YT womyn
Nah, way too much fun riding your white horses.
Why dont you open your bussy for Korean Chads hmm?
its true, nobody wants a YT. yall are always fucked in the head
t. mentally ill YT grill
Show me one rich Asian woman with a hapa kid from a sperm donor. You are delusional kek. 
Its just Chinese labs buying up white sperm to make white babies to experiment on, since whites are subhuman and its okay to commit war crimes against them.
Well incel is more of a mentality so no shit, but what I said about white dudes being born with a silver spoon in their mouth compared to the average human being only to then kill themselves is true, pound for pound non-whites have it harder and I know other whites know this because
damn it feels good to be white and superior *kills himself AND films it because tv-addled American culture
No such thing. A white CHAD is smashing korean pussy while you seethe. 
gook
No such thing. A white CHAD is smashing korean pussy while you seethe. 
chad
No such thing. A white CHAD is smashing korean pussy while you seethe. 
no u
Total gook surrender.
Cope gookcel. There's money being made from women who to anything to not have sex with you.
And what are you doing? Jerking your pink tip doing nothing JFL.
LITERALLY OVER
Lol nah, nobody wants leftover Chinese women except desperate whites with downie sperm.
While his population keeps dwindling futher and further.
I feel sad for coping Mayos man.. i really do.
ya ok, its such a joy to talk to YTs, no wonder everyone is trying to racmix YT
no u again 
Absolute gook surrender.
There's an asian woman right now paying for my sperm instead having sex with you lmao
Kek
Reminder every time you interact with a white boy online, this is him irl.
White guys just love to cherry pick instances that make them look good and generalize them to ALL women of a country.
Post pics of Chinese women with half-white babies then and not these fake western articles. You can't because they don't exist unlike those millions of Asian AND non-Asian women around the world who pay tons of money to see Korean Chads and date Korean normies.
Nobody is paying for your sperm you sad little cuck lol. 
Asian women cuck white boys with black bulls. 
Dont you have a creampie to clean up?
t. mentally ill YT
I should volunteer to cuck this mayocel. 
t. Kimchad
Cope and kys gookcel lmao
who wants any of this shit? look at this mental illness, better not to deal with it at all and date your own race.
Highest suicide rate in the world belongs to a South African country aka Whites.
Funny enough the highest suicide rates worldwide is by Whites also.
Highest suicide rates in America is u guessed it Whites LMAO.
JFL
Why are Korean girls so based?
Korean Women are the best. But she should dump that YT cuck
Do white boys with Asian wives really?
Teenage girls of all races are literally wasting their parents' money just to be able to high-five Korean twinks with dyed hair for a second.
I'm still waiting for those pics of rich Chinese women who allegedly pay to have half-white babies according to American news websites. When are you going to post them?
Lol go kys, probably will cuck
t. mentally ill YToid
Whiteboys this could be you. Dont you want an Asian gf who sissifies you and puts you on hormones?
its over mayocel
Built for Big Korean BVLL Cock.
Meanwhile another asian woman bought my sperm while all you can do is jerk off to hentai and kill yourself kek
You will never breed, cuck. Enjoy raising your black BVLLs kid.
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59 years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39 years and aged 40-59 years, respectively)
Your women won't even look at you, gookcel.
Why cant white boys stop killing themselves? Whats their problem? 
Despite being less than 50% of the population, they commit almost 82% of suicides.
Asian stacies just wanna fuck. They dont wanna ruin their tight bodies with kids. They need to look fuckable for Chad Kim as long as they can.
kek its hilarious when mayocels try to talk about suicide.
throwing stones from a glass house jfl
Gookcel sisters... I don't feel so go-ACK
Why dont Korean women wanna get pregnant? Are they really that repulsed by foreign men?
In fact, you never see white guys with hot girls in Korea. Always either alone or with some fat American or Flip woman.
Have you exhausted your wmaf picture collection already?
i honestly feel bad for cumstains
did you guys know 80% of them go bald before the age of 36?
It literal never begun.
The real reason for low birth rates is because Korean Chads are fuckboys who dont wanna settle down. 
Korean Chads are notorious for pump and dumping girls. You see Korean girls on YouTube and foreign sexpat girls complaining about this incessantly. 
The Korean Chad smashes then ghosts. Thats also the rise of feminism. Girls who are angry they got used up in their prime by Korean Chad. And most Korean guys wont commit to a non virgin, so that leaves out marriage. 
More and more Korean guys dont wanna get married. They wanna screw around and have fun. And it pisses Korean and foreign roasties off immensely. Go on YouTube and you can find all kinds of Korean American and white girls crying about the time Chad Kim forgot his wallet on their date and they ended up paying for him, then he fucked them when they went back to her place and he ghosted her the next day.
Korean guys are fuckboys, especially the good looking ones.
Even Korean girls warn foreigners not to hook up with Koreans unless they wanna get ghosted.
Yet another Korean-American girl who got pump and dumped by Korean Chads. 
RIP. 
Foreign women really dont know what the dating scene in Korea is like. Korean Chad WILL pump and dump you, and real life isnt like the romantic kdramas.
You still looking for those obscure pics of single Chinese women with their half-white kids? I wonder why you can't find any, hmm.
How can I sell my white seed anon?
Are there website?
yeah heres the email
experimentsonbabies@ccp.cn
Hey man I'm just asking a fellow robot for tips.
I genuinely have never seen hapas in China born from single mothers and sperm donors. Regular hapas are rare enough there. He must be delusional. Single motherhood is extremely stigmatized in China and having a half white bastard child adds to it even further.
i look similar to her :o
do i have a chance with nyeongie? he can even pump and dump me if he wants
nyeongie would never. he would put 12 babies in me and lovingly raise them with me.
boys goto this thread right now
JFL mayocels are seething so hard OMG KEK
