Guy 1
3/10 face
net worth of $10 million
Guy 2
7/10 face
normal job that pays $40k a year
7/10 easily, 70k is decent anyway.
Knajjd is 5'2" and he's not a 7/10
I'd much rather be single than either
Who would women rather marry?
always the better looking guy 
eventually, marry the rich ugly guy and make him a cuck and still fuck the good looking guy anyways
remember, boys - money is cope if you arent at least 6/10
Oh he has to be a 10/10 in the face?
Cucking is a meme. Actual cheating is different and in the instances of rich guys, they usually have sugar babies, side chicks and affairs too
Cucking is a meme
sorry i meant cheating but i mixed it up
bad word usage
they usually have sugar babies, side chicks and affairs too
yes but there is a huge difference between sex for lust and sex for money
a rich ugly guy would never be loved by a woman if it wasnt for his money
If women are all so shallow then why do you want their "love"? Men are wired to desire sex, "love" is fiction found in media.
If women are all so shallow then why do you want their "love"?
i never once said women were shallow
in fact, i think women are evolutionarily smart to choose the best genetics and dont get fooled by money
"love" is fiction found in media.
no, women will indeed love you if you are attractive
He is at least a 9/10, you are right.
Delusional as fuck. He's gay and gets fucked up the ass because he couldn't find a gf
If you have 10 mio why you ruin your life with marriage?
Men with that much usually want heirs
I've been his gf and we had sex (well, I still kind of am). He is not gay and he was never involved with a guy.
He's on HRT loool
Is the guy with ten million at least in decent shape? I could live with that
well im his fuckbuddy and he definitely takes it up his ass. and then he blows me. if you kissed him you propably ate his shit lmao at shit eating retard
Sure, you suddenly want a potential futre disappoint shat out by what can easily turn into a ruinous gold digger.
Men with that much
While far off from most NEET and avg. wagie, 10 mio isn't even pushing you into any major leagues today
He's literally not lol, that's just how he looks. Irl he has a normal deeper voice, he intentionally makes it very high when he is drunk and speaks in English. He has wide shoulders, especially for his height, big shoe size, etc. He is cutting his hair soon too.
Fuck off degenerate. That's disgusting. He hates anal stuff.
He's on fucking hrt, as confirmed by 100 other incels. He became a tranny last year, everyone knows this
He's not, if you are referring to him joining tranny discords, trolling them and then leaving, then yea, he does that when he is drunk. But he doesn't take HRT or anything of the sort, he has only been on his schizophrenia meds. He is not a tranny, or incel for that matter, and hasn't been for years.
Stop lying. I've seen his post hrt pics, he told us he takes dick on grindr then gets drunk all night on vc. If you're a real girl, post vocaroo for proof
You mean his pics with shoulder length hair? He's had hair that long for like 4 years, he only cut it short for a little bit when he went to uni. He never had sex or been in any relationship with a guy, but he does like to troll when he gets drunk. I don't wanna post a vocaroo and doxx myself but just took pic rel.
Nice, tranny. Post tits or obvious larp
Are you trying to set me up anon? No way I'll post tits, especially in this economy.
marry
Guy 1
fuck and get impregnated by
Guy 2
Alpha fux, beta bux. That happens every day, in every part of the world, every minute. Next question, retard.
Guy 1, bigger divorce settlement
Having that much money means you don't need a ring to get sex with women
Post cleavage then
I won't be posting any lewds or anything, idc if you believe me or not anyway. The reason he stepped down as mod and stopped being active was because we were (still kinda are) together. You can make up gossip that he gets fucked by a gay man though, whatever makes you sleep at night.
He stepped down because serge and master got doxxed as did all the mods at that time
He wasn't active for over a year leading to that, that's what I'm referring to. Before that he was posting on forums all the time, was drunk every day, etc.
I'd rather marry guy 1 for sure. Guy 2 would ruin your life
If I had the 3/10 guy I would gaslight him into being a cuck and then get pregnant with someone more handsome's child who we would raise as our own 
I wouldn't cheat on him in a malicious way only for procreation and giving our child good genes
Nice fantasy, cuck bro. Irl rich men have multiple options
How would he ruin your life?
You and your kids will be in poverty
Are you pretty? Just curious
No gucci bag, caribbean vacations and iphones? Life ruined!
While you are a guy, sadly that women like that are so commonplace.
Guy 2 if I'm ovulating, Guy 1 if I'm not. In the end it depends on who approaches me first.
There are some other factors at play though other than wealth, looks, and timing. If their personalities are not the same whoever is less annoying and mean will play a factor. I also got a checklist of other things that need to be right before I'd be willing to take either of them. It all depends on how I feel, and I'll make judgements from there.
So you're gonna doom guy one to a sexless marriage?
