Atheism is just a smokescreen for hedonism, like a trojan horse that uses 'secular inquiry' as a trap to let in degeneracy. 
Its why 95% of atheist objections for christianity (which its always been honestly) could easily be answered if any of them would crack open a single book on metaphysics or theology, let alone when you give them an answer to their questions its ignored and they keep asking it. Its also why they don't understand asking for empirical evidence for a transcedental being is retarded, like finding a wild 3 to prove math. 
What atheism is really about is "living life however you wish" which doesn't make sense until you add in hedonism. What can an atheist do that a christian can't do? What can they eat, drink, wear or say that they couldn't as a christian? Its like having two farmers, one secular and one christian, with a farm, family and a fishing hobby. Outside of a sunday morning nothing changes at all between them unless we add in hedonism. When we do that, it completely changes. 
Hell, I have objective empirical evidence to back up my claim too. We can measyre the rise in hedonism in the population with the rise of atheism step by step. All the secular humanists of antiquity were renown sexpots, the frankfort school were renown degenerates and what youtube atheist doesn't let out their dirty fetish laundry? 
Honestly, the evidence is too staggering to prove otherwise and I'd just appreciate it if atheists would stop it with the show and just admit "I dont want people telling me what to and not to do with my peepee".
i don't believe in a god and i strive to live a disciplined life because it's more fulfilling.
didn't read anything after the first sentence of your post by the way
truth right here
/thread
"im not a degenerate."
"source: trust me bro"
Sure thing buddy.
Mighty gay pic of banana man himself to have saved on your pc for a christian OP.
">Y-you are a degenerate!!1!"
"source: trust me bro"
Your post goes both ways you colossal faggot.
could easily be answered
Why should I believe in God when there's literally 0 evidence for his existence?
My problem with religion isn't necessarily that there couldn't be or isn't a divine being that sprung our planet or even universe into existence, it's that the holy texts with all of their seemingly bizarre rules are written by people, with their own agendas and designs. Hell, calling these the divine works of god seems to be blasphemous to me.
Friendly reminder that atheists are underrepresented in prison, where reckless hedonists are more likely to end up, and overrepresented in academia and science, where it takes tons of hard work and discipline to undergo all the study necessary.
i assume this is because no one actually analyzes theology outside of "the word of god" meaning most people who believe in that stuff are idiots.
I have a standard to follow. You, by default, do not. 
It doesn't matter if I'm a degenerate or not, you are by default more inclined to degeneracy. I've met way too many atheists who are hedonistic to believe that thats not the main reason for your beliefs. 
I'll go ahead and find the dna evidence of god once you go outside and take a picture of a wild 3 for me. Got it? 
Empirical evidence isn't the only form of evidence yet its the only form of evidence you will allow in this specific scenario.
I'll go ahead and find the dna evidence of god once you go outside and take a picture of a wild 3 for me. Got it?
So you have none? Okay, got it.
Even if God isn't real I have seen what kind of lifestyle atheists live. They are incredibly wicked and vile and indulge in their sinful desires. Atheists are fucking scum.
Thanks anon but you are 20 years too late with this insight, actually 70 years but until 20 years ago there was still something to be saved
Christians spend an awful lot of time worrying about what I do with my peepee
take a picture of a wild 3 for me
3 literally doesn't exist, anon. It's a human concept. Numbers are just something we came up with because it benefits us. You comparing god to the number 3, isn't helping your case here at all.
I told you I'll show you the evidence just as soon as you take a picture of an actual 3 running about in your backyard. 
Take your dick off your pecker and go take the pic.
I've met way too many atheists who are hedonistic to believe that thats not the main reason for your beliefs.
i don't believe in a god because i haven't found any satisfying evidence for the existence of one. every argument either presupposes that some facet of God already exists thus not explaining how he could exist in the whole or what evidence there is, other arguments point out phenomena that are much better explained by our current "rational" (for lack of a better word) view of the universe rather than the existence of an omnipotent, omnipresent, omniscient and also all loving being final argument is pretty much just 
if god doesn't exist than that must mean that slavery can be good because there is no such thing as objective morality
i don't have to comment on that one.
i've actually started getting into philosophy so maybe i'll come across something that changes my mind.
i don't know if i can ever believe any holy book though. they are clearly man made manifestos in my eyes.
please excuse bed englih
Atheists are either deceived by modern scientific beliefs or are as you said just looking for excuses for their lifestyle.
muh hollier than thou on a degen website
Why do you keep coming here?
don't believe in a god because i haven't found any satisfying evidence for the existence of one.
By evidence you are speaking specifically of empirical evidence. Scientism once again. By this very standard history is bullshit because it cannot be observed through the scientific method. 
You have a methodology specifically made to reaffirm your base beliefs.
Atheism is just a smokescreen for hedonism
Alternatively, I dislike the idea of worshiping a supernatural abuser.
I created you, so I can treat you however I like!
Nah, fuck off.
Good post, I agree OP. People in today's society are godless and it shows
As long as the legal system implicitly tilts religious, I refuse to have any serious discussion about religion with anyone. It's always some degeneracy witch hunt, which then devolves into semantics and gotcha games where one party really just wants to achieve moral dominance to affirm their own selfish insecure worldview, since it's based on fucking nothing and the importance has to be constantly renewed by an active, willful effort (proselytism).
You are in a fallen state bro. You need Jesus to save you from eternal damnation.
Everything is a power struggle because evolution is evil. If god exists he should burn in his own hell for making things this way.
Make friends with Jesus so his dad doesn't torture you.
Lovely ideology. I'll pass, thanks.
I told you I'll show you the evidence just as soon as you take a picture of an actual 3 running about in your backyard.
The number 3 is non-existent, anon. It's the same as God, made up. It's why you can't have a picture of either. If you want to believe in God, fine. But just say you only believe in him based on feeling. I don't know why Christfags have to act like their belief in God needs to be an educated position.
Atheism is just a smokescreen for hedonism.
It can be. It's not required to be. Establish why you believe hedonism is required first.
Its why 95% of atheist objections for christianity...
Please bring up specific arguments or shut up.
Its also why they don't understand asking for empirical evidence for a transcedental being is retarded.
I'll agree on this. In Christian thought faith makes the philosophy self-consistent (and its the only way it's self-consistent). This however doesn't make them retarded. They simply don't buy into "faith". Its a matter of preference and unprovable. Unless you actually have an argument as to why faith is a fact?
What atheism is really about is "living life however you wish".
This is philosophical egoism. Not all atheists are egoists. Some are just as blindly religious as you.
What can an atheist do that a christian can't do?
Ah... you are getting to the bottom of it. Both are egoists, but the Christian must either tell himself that such hedonic pleasures are not a concern of their faith. They allow themselves to be commanded by something above them. Of course, that something they foolishly believe to be actually above them; however, to accept that fact, the individual must willing accept the fact. Thus, he was always in control, not God. How does this realization affect your worldview? No matter what you do, say, think, you are the only actual God.
All the secular humanists of antiquity were renown sexpots.
Humanism is an outgrowth of Christianity. Weird criticism.
the frankfort school
Fucking /pol/. Goddamn educate yourself instead of complaining about boogeymen. READ Gramsci; you'll be surprised.
God wants you to join him in fellowship in heaven. Satan wants you to fail and will take you and this world into eternal darkness if you don't come to Jesus.
Satan wants you to fail and will take you and this world into eternal darkness if you don't come to Jesus.
Can't God stop him, though?
is literally the only proof for Christianity faith? I have faith in most commonly accepted history because it makes sense, there is physical evidence of it that exists today and there's no alternative that makes even more sense. maybe thats how you see religion and scientism if so then so be it, who cares as long as youre not a piece of shit
But history is bullshit. Who the fuck knows what the hell ever happened?
God did but because Adam ate from the forbidden tree we are in a fallen reality distorted by the devil. God told Adam and Eve that they would die if they ate the forbidden fruit. Because of God's grace we have inherited this world instead, but if you don't come to God you will die in this life. There is no reincarnation or 2nd chances because God is eternal life and Satan will remove you from it.
 By this very standard history is bullshit because it cannot be observed through the scientific method. 
I'd go even further and say that history isn't even real. The past doesn't exist, it's just records and memories (which can be edited). Not much point in studying it other than entertainment.
By this very standard history is bullshit because it cannot be observed through the scientific method.
Yes it can. You're just too uneducated to know.
If the number 3 is nonexistent, made up, then all of mathematics, the most constant and consistant of all sciences, is bullshit and we'd go back to the stone age. All science, technology, architecture and works utilize 3 and, as scientists themselves have stated, if we ever met an alien race we'd speak to each other in mathematics. 
The symbol for a 3 is made up. An actual 3 is real. Do you want to dig this hole you can't escape even deeper or are you willing to admit asking for empircal evidence, which is made to study NATURE, is a ridiculous claim and only to help prove your own preconceived notion?
But why can't god fix it? Is he weak? Why did he make the apple in the first place?
the most constant and consistant of all sciences, is bullshit and we'd go back to the stone age
Why do you think that? We can have faith the system works. And if it doesn't, it's within our grasp to change it so it does. Religion is the same way. The issue being that religious folks put God above them and let God and all his devils control him, while Math is a tool we use as we see fit.
Because God had to enforce punishment and boundaries for humanity. The apple exists to deny his own creation through death.
An actual 3 is real
Show me "3". I don't want to see 3 apples. The wrriten number 3 in any script. I want to see the pure embodiment of "3". I'll wait...
Fucking Platonists...
Why don't humans act perfectly? Did he fuck up? Why does he need to torture his own creations? Does he enjoy it? In any of these cases he's either a retard or a sadist and I refuse to worship him.
Why don't humans act perfectly?
Freewill. You can't understand God or Satan because we have limited knowledge and Adam risked death to find out.
It can be. It's not required to be. Establish why you believe hedonism is required first. 
We can genuinely measure the rise in materialistic degenerate behavior by the rise of hedonism. I've already elaborated on the thought experiment in my initial post. 
Please bring up specific arguments or shut up. 
Misunderstanding the kalaam cosmologival argument. Misrepresenting aquinas even though aquinas has been around for nearly a thousand years and it shouldn't be asking too much for someone to read a book which will clarify their opinions. 
A simple one is this: in the 1800s, the common claim secular humanists and atheists made to prove gods existence was to prove the universe began. When the big bang was discovered, there was an outcry by the seculsr society that would make the intelligent design arguments look civil. When the evidence was was too profound to be dismissed, the secular humanists moved the goal post and said that the catholic church tried to hide the discovery of the big bang. A discovery made by a BISHOP no less. 
This however doesn't make them retarded. They simply don't buy into "faith". 
You fundementally don't understand the argument and using a faulty definition of 'faith'. Not shocking. Do you honestly think the tools for carpentry would work at a steelmill? 
This is philosophical egoism. Not all atheists are egoists. 
I've yet to see one who is not. There possibly are black swans but from experience the profound number of swans tend to be white.
So god gives humans free will which results in a certain percentage of them thinking he doesn't exist and getting tortured forever, and he's cool with that? Sounds like an asshole. Once again, not worshiping that guy.
"im not a degenerate."
"source: trust me bro"
Sure thing buddy.
actually believing "degeneracy" is a thing that exists
"Degeneracy" just means "anything I don't like"
While I initially agreed with your original post for the most part, you lost me here
I have a standard to follow. You, by default, do not. 
This is retarded because a well disciplined man can set a standard for himself. In the same way that many Atheists use their Atheism as a shroud for Hedonism, you are seemingly using your faith as a shroud for your alleged moral superiority.
Afaik atheists are less likely to cheat, less likely to drink and less likely to commit crime, according to statistics
statistics aren't real unless they validate my existing worldview
2/2
Ah... you are getting to the bottom of it. 
I feel a gotcha comin.
Both are egoists, but the Christian must either tell himself that such hedonic pleasures are not a concern of their faith.
Wrong. A christian is told to fight against those hedonistic urges. It is not because he is superior. But because he knows he can be engulfed by them.
They allow themselves to be commanded by something above them. 
And you are the best judge of your actions? Was ted bundy the best judge of his actions? 
Of course, that something they foolishly believe to be actually above them; however, to accept that fact, the individual must willing accept the fact.
The universe is a limited space, curved, finite, within something. which means there is a supernatural out there beyond this realm. You'd agree to this until it allows god, a judging element, into the mix. You then refuse.
M theory is more absurd than the most strawman representation of god yet you'd eat it like a hog at a trough.
Thus, he was always in control, not God. How does this realization affect your worldview? No matter what you do, say, think, you are the only actual God. 
Sophistic drivel thinking these platitudes. If there is no divinity, only nature, you are a chimp that discovered fire. Nothing more. You need to really think about what that means to you. 
Humanism is an outgrowth of Christianity. Weird criticism. 
In the renaissance. Burger steak is a german food but when you think hamburger you don't think about Deutschland.
Fucking /pol/. Goddamn educate yourself instead of complaining about boogeymen. READ Gramsci; you'll be surprised.
Please. Tell me how they didn't honestly push sexualizing children. Many of them were caught saying this on tv my man. 
I wanna see the mental gymnastics.
Afaik atheists are less likely to cheat, less likely to drink and less likely to commit crime, according to statistics
True - and even if none of that were the case, one should still be an atheist. Religion is completely separate from morality. There's not even the slightest correlation. Not believing in any religions is just basic common sense. Becoming a moral individual is a personal journey that requires all sorts of things, and religion is not one of them.
Wrong. A christian is told to fight against those hedonistic urges. It is not because he is superior. But because he knows he can be engulfed by them.
These have nothing to do with religion. Plenty of atheists are also anti-hedonism and all that. There's really just zero relation between these things. Atheists just accept that the only thing that exists is the physical. There's no reason why you need anything beyond the physical in order to be a moral, virtuous person.
Can you answer the problem of evil? 
Hard mode: no "evil does not exist" or dismissing the validity of the question
An individual 'could' have a high standard and moral fiber but it will always be a flimsy version of Christian or Buddhist ethics. 
The point of having a moral code isn't to always being able to follow it, but to try your best. Its a compass, a roadmap, but if uou make your own roadmap wouldn't it find somr interesting caveats that apply to you and no one else? 
Its basically another form of moral relativism: its just rules for thee and not for me.
We can genuinely measure the rise in materialistic degenerate behavior by the rise of hedonism.
Are dowries not materialistic? Are they not degenerate simply because they are traditional? Marriage as a whole used to be entirely based on material gain: children to work the land for the poor and blood ties as a form of treaty in nobility. The middle class (AKA bourgeoisie in your opponents language), having neither problem invented marriage for non-material reason some time in the 18 century. Middle-class tendencies to marry for love are up in the long run. What is also up since its first establishment in the early 19th century is atheism. Another lens on the issue tells a tell of increasing atheism negatively correlated to materialism.
Misunderstanding the kalaam cosmologival argument.
Misrepresenting aquinas even though aquinas has been around for nearly a thousand years and it shouldn't be asking too much for someone to read a book which will clarify their opinions.
I'm not familiar with how these things are misrepresented, so I can't speak to this. I'll familiarize myself, but I doubt we can continue with these topics ITT. Give me time.
You fundementally don't understand the argument and using a faulty definition of 'faith'.
Please explain then.
I've yet to see one who is not.
I will spit your argument back at you then. You haven't the slightest clue what hedonism or egoism are (as philosophical concepts). Not schocking... they're "boogeymen" which you willingly disengage with. To confront them as they are would challenge your faith. Just as the people I'm talking about here. Leftist humanist liberals. They are the children of religion and have all the same characteristics. Zealotry, faith, original sin, disengagement from topics considered heretical. They may be atheist, but they are just as religious as you. They are no better. In many ways, they are worse.
Say that to Marcus Aurelius. 
Wait let me hear why you think that is autistic and not Christian enough.
Tl;dr, also get your superstitious nonsense out of here, thank fuck you're a dying breed.
A christian is told to fight against those hedonistic urges. It is not because he is superior. But because he knows he can be engulfed by them.
Ah. "Do not let yourself have any other god, not drink nor women nor money". An egoist would say the same, but they would also throw in God. A hedonist is like a religious person, but allows some material vice to possess him. It's just as pathetic.
The universe is a limited space, curved, finite, within something. which means there is a supernatural out there beyond this realm.
Arguing like a pre-Socratic, nice... How about: "What's beyond this realm is not yet understood" and leaving it at that rather than making the "leap" (a very small word in comparison to what you're doing) to saying that something being outside our current knowledge is proof of my particular beliefs?
you are a chimp that discovered fire.
As are you. You are a fool to dream up universes and convince yourself they really exist.
Tell me how they didn't honestly push sexualizing children.
Some did. However none of those that did (Foucalt I remember did) are associated with the FrankfUrt School. Gramsci is and did no such thing. In many ways I've heard modern right wing thinkers, even on /pol/, reiterate EXACTLY his idea of cultural hegemony just with the roles reversed. Of course this makes sense since he was an intellectual living in the 30's which was culturally MUCH more right wing than now. Now with leftism being dominant, the same is true, but the roles reserved.
You can learn a lot, and gain a lot of intellectual ammo, from post-Marxist thought, when you reapply it in a modern context.
i don't believe in a god and i strive to live a disciplined life because it's more fulfilling.
Same
didn't read anything after the first sentence of your post by the way
Smart. OP's clinically retarded ramblings were full of grammatical and spelling errors.
Hurr I strive for discipline while shitposting to fellow incels!
Make friends with Jesus so his dad doesn't torture you.
Lovely ideology. I'll pass, thanks.
Giga-Based and Giga-Truth-Pilled.
what an atheist can do that the religious can't do is be genuinely moral. a religious person doesn't murder because god told them not to. without god they would murder. an atheist doesn't murder because they know it's wrong.
You post on this board; you are a degenerate by that ruling alone, you moronic faggot. Christcucks have effectively ruined /pol/ with their retard schizo spam; keep your dumb shit there.
"3" is a lingual representation of a specific amount of a certain measurement. Now show evidence for God and quit deflecting like every other brainlet Christfaggot on this site does.
