Why is every woman on this app some alcoholic ravemaxxing gigaslut, it's either that or fat fucks, I can swipe for hours and not see a single cute girl.
Are there any better apps for people who actually grew up and have interests beyond "traveling, spending (your) money, raves, festivals, pubs and dogs"?
Selection bias. It's the app most commonly used for hook ups, so...
Are there any better apps for people who actually grew up and have interests beyond "traveling, spending (your) money, raves, festivals, pubs and dogs"?
Yeah, you can use Hinge or Bumble.
Because online dating is for literal losers. Nobody uses that trash.
I'll try those but I think it's also due to the area I live in, women here are fucking awful in general
tinder is only 20% female, only certain kinds of women use it. I'm a shutin foid who likes things like vidya and collecting music, never used tinder in my life.
inb4 not like the other girls
i am like the other girls, there are many women like me. they just don't use le apps and aren't as visible as other kinds of women.
I have met off Tinder two sluts who fuck everyone/post on OF. 
HOWEVER I HAVE MET 
3 cute autist girls 
fooled around with all of them 
two at the same time once
fucked two of them 
married one
Tinder has been a godsend for me
How? I'm supposed to be wealthier, more academically successful, at least a 5/10 and almost 10 cm above the average height of the males in my catholic shithole of a country. Yet, everyone on tinder is a super model, either a law or medical students who have traveled all over the world. Where are all the ugly girls I see on the street?
So how do I meet girls like you?
That's what I don't get. I naturally like staying at home, playing vidya and listening to music, but I force myself to go to bars and do online dating bullshit because it's the only reliable way Iknow of to meet women, but it's always women I have absolutely nothing in common with.
I hate that there's an entire population of women that are way more similar to me that I'll never meet because they're too busy doing the kind of things I'd rather be doing.
I'm a shut-in too and I just want a girl that will come over and hang out and do what I'm already doing just together, I have no idea how to find that, the women on these apps disgust me
A good trick is go to another town. Chads also get laid a lot because they cover geography. Think about it. As a young person in a small town.. where are you going to sign up? Tinder. If you swipe on Tuesday in one town, they may not log in and swipe on you until the following week/month. The more you swipe on the go the more diversity of people you can potentially find.
Work the algorithm.
First girl is a bait image swipe left
Secret admirer always bottom right corner
Be picky (aka realistic) so they don't assume you're a bot/desparate swiping right on everyone
Have a remote shutter or friend/sibling take some of your pics so they don't flag you as an isolated incel
i assume i dont get matches on tinder because swarthies are paying for tinder platinum that women will never see my profile
i get matches on bumble and hinge but takes leg work
these apps are made to incentivize spending money to average looking guys
It's because thin women who aren't deranged get snapped up and locked down very quickly (early 20s).
So how do I meet girls like you?
You don't.
Those 'not like other girls' foids are still on social media and they still get the occasional Chad approaching them the few times they are out in public.
The difference between an incel and a normal average women can be as small as a single chromosome.
t. has a disgusting sister who had multiple boyfriends before she even left highschool, meanwhile I'm a 29 year old dateless kissless virgin.
i don't know, sorry. you'd kind of just have to approach women who look weird/lonely and hope that it's someone with a shutin personality. right now i'm hoping that the guy who always says hi to me when i see him in my apartment's elevator will eventually ask me out after i smile at him often enough lmao.
sounds like you're talking about a different kind of woman if it's a woman who's had multiple boyfriends.
Yeah, you can use Hinge or Bumble.
Got bad news for you, triple nips
They're just as bad on Hinge and Bumble.
And bumble is just retarded to use if you're not chad.
Hinge I agree with, it's really not hard to pull some BPD Bumble chick if you don't care about quality though.
Yeah, you can use Hinge or Bumble.
LOL
Same user base as Tinder. I'm always baffled when people recommend "tinder with a slightly different UI" as a Tinder alternative.
Bumble, you have to wait for the woman to contact. As a guy who gets about a match or two on tinder a year (usually a bot or scammer though), and a match or two on bumble a year, never have I ever had even a single exchange of words on bumble.
You need to be higher tier normie to be able to pull off bumble.
not sure how it is now, but few years ago, the place where you could meet channer type girls was okcupid
Match bought it, because a working dating site threatened their business model. It is now a tinder clone but with landwhales.
The alcoholic ravemaxxing gigasluts use it to hop from chad to chad and get free expensive restaurant meals every night. The fat fucks use it because they get better options there than irl. Dating apps are worse than they've ever been, and they've never been good. Your best chance is to find someone irl, but even then your chances are slim, as most women don't go outside much anymore unless it's for dates with chad.
nowadays I date exclusively of apex and valorant :)
tfw girl I'm into plays Valorant
Never have I cursed my disdain for FPS' more than now
Selection bias. It's the app most commonly used for hook ups, so...
Lmao not really. The gigasluts are "done playing games and looking for a real man only"
hinge seems to be the least shit these days...
I hate using these apps. In 5yrs I only ever got like 5 or 6 matches and only met 1 person and she ghosted me immediately after. I refused to use them for a long time but 0 luck irl so like once a year i try them just so I can say I at least tried
