What age did you change the most, and how did friends and family react?
Changed my name from Dylan to Jack in 2009 and it really changed how people perceived me upon initial meeting. Like, people don't respect the name Dylan. But Jack is such a tough-guy name. People gave me much more respect when meeting them for the first time just telling them my name was Jack. The name Dylan belongs to eternal 9-year olds
Yeah, it is a 9-year old name. Just play the funny, hot guy. You must have spec'd your skills wrong.
No you're still a faggot and everyone hates you
holy fucking shit is this true? is this the reason i have nobody dare voluntarily assoicate with me?
t. fellow dylan
After my LTRs ended, I changed a lot (male, btw lol...).
One was at 16, after a breakup of a 4-year relationship. It was brutal. I was full on sucidially depressed. I became more withdrawn in social situations. Everyone let me down and either continued on as normal or just let me go. No one tried to help. It was miserable. I endeavored to know as few people as possible.
At 21, my gf had to return home from school, and I had to go back to living by myself. I became a miserable drunk. Wasting away the wee hours of the morning, singing Neutral Milk Hotel drunkenly at the top of my lungs. I gained like 40 lbs. But I started to open up to my fellow classmates. Too little too late and not good enough. They used to see me as a quiet, socially-avoidant, but incredibly intelligent person. Then they saw me as the depressed drunk I was and avoided me.
Next was when I moved away from home at 24. I stopped playing vidya. I got new hobbies like shooting and backpacking. Got involved in FOSS work on a daily basis. My last remaining friends disappeared, as vidya was all that held us together, and my new hobbies and responsibilities strained my relationship since we were very codependent until that point and she hadn't grown as a person at all...
Next was this past year, at 28, with my gf leaving me after a 10-year relationship. I got a bunch of new hobbies like cooking, reading philosophy, running, and gardening. I made new friends just going out drinking and started stacking bodies. My coworkers and ex were kind of shocked.
We'll, see what comes next. I'm hoping in 3-4 years I'll finally find someone worth a damn and we will get married and have kids. It's the thing I want most in the world.
