hey, moids, foids, troids, i don't care; what is a good peen size? 4in? 5in? 9in? be realistic, I want to know if my dick can please someone
12 inches or kys
pretty sure im only around 6-7.5 (not sure what the correct measuring method is, top or side) and every girl i have been with has told me, unprompted, that i am huge, really thick, perfect dick, etc. 
I can get away with saying 7.5 tho
kms is 6.5 enough
mine is 8 inches and I still had some queen on grindr say it was small
5.5 inches is average from men of all races. If you have a 6.5 inch or bigger you have a big cock
If you have less than 5.5 inches you have a small cock
5.5-6.5 inches is enough for women that have 4-6 inch deep vaginas after they are aroused
I would reckon it certainly is anon, unless you have a pencil dick. Girth matters significantly more.
Straight male here, I love cocks of all types and sizes equally.
if i had a 4 incher i would castrate my self or die
6-7 inches is what hits the gspot perfectly
you have a fist anon
im a girl but my vagina is small and tight so i prefer 3-5 inches at most 
i think small dicks are cuter and more suckable
You can please someone with your pinky finger.
Just learn to do the best with what you got and don't let what you don't destress you.
I mean lesbians don't even have dicks and they do just fine.
5-6 inches is ideal. 
anything more is too big but girth is the biggest factor along with how you use it. if you're worried about it, try propping your girl up on a few pillows and thrust upwards. it'll take a bit to grasp but she'll love it
Probably is just stop being a faggot
I have been in HRT since 2022, I dont have to compete with you guy anymore
dirty hairy monkey gorilla!!
checked lol
If I had a choice I'd make mine the biggest in the world, something crazy like 11", just so it'd be hilariously easy to suck myself off. I wouldn't be able to use it on anybody, but it'd be the best way to masturbate, clean and easy.
Believe it or not but the vast majority of lesbians don't use strap-ons and quite a few don't want anything dick shaped near them.
It's mostly a porn thing. Like the frequency of scissoring, which my friend tells me might be ok foreplay sometimes while making out but is kinda shit as the main event. Again, it's played up more in porn because it works better for the camera.
That said, if you really want to there are sleeves and strap on kits for dudes too. Though it's still pointless if you don't know how to use it.
