be American
typical incel
try online dating
okcupid in particular
bunch of SEA women on there
match with a Filipina
get along great with her, she's funny and interesting to talk to
talking for months, eventually decide to make her my gf
making plans to go to phillipines to see her
decide to tell my family since there was no way of keeping it a secret
dad swears at me
mom asks me why I can't just date a local girl
sisters call me constantly trying to get me to dump her
I refuse so they start trying to sabotage the relationship 
sisters try to gaslight me into thinking she's a slut (she was a virgin)
mom makes a fake ig account to chadfish her
dad is the only one who came around
This is the only woman I've ever been able to tolerate. I knew it wasn't going to go over great but they were acting like I was throwing my whole life away. Why couldn't they just accept what I wanted?
they dont want a mixed kid dude. thats why.
Grow a pair anon. If you like her commit. Don't be a half-assed piece of shit and give her false hopes. Who cares what your family says, you're a grown up adult
mayocel and his SEAmonkey princess name a more iconic low tier incel duo
mayocel settles cause he cant get anything better
seamonkey settles cause greencard maxx
i think they're just worried about you, anon.
there's lost of stories of girls from the Philippines just using men to come over.
if she didn't take moms fake bait it'd like to believe this is legit and wish you lots of luck together.
seamonkey settles cause greencard
Literally this. OP is retarded. She just wants that American citizenship. I had a flip man offer his daughter to me, saw right through that shit.
I did commit and I went anyway. This whole situation was a while ago and has blown over by now but there's still bad blood between me and my family over it. I just can't believe how harshly they reacted to it.
She's never asked me for money and we've been together over a year now. If she's trying to scam me then she's got a lot of patience.
Have you actually met her face to face?
Yes earlier this year
maybe as your relationship continues your family will warm up, but i don't even know how much you'd want that considering how they acted.
i hope your gf doesn't take it too hard.
Yeah currently I'm thinking they can go fuck themselves I'm looking to bring her over in November and they're never going to meet her
