What's the absolute craziest anon you've ever encountered?
Why do I bother trying to make friends
The Eternal Nofap faggot who posts here everyday about the Dutch tranny he's obsessed with.
Don't forget the gay Tomoko blogposter and the "dear women" schizo
What does this word mean?
I'll tell you when you're older
Most people in the momcest thread.
It's hard to believe those people even exist.
i hate niggers nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga
he killed animals in his spare time to "help the ecosystem"
Some retard in jail who got busted in a fed honey pot for downloading child porn then cried because his mom isn't proud of him
also the schizo that namefags as Christ
The faggot shizo that takes lsd and writes about how israel is bad and about how china is good and that hitler is a girl and stupid shit like that.
seems admirable to me.
you know that high school football/cheerleader blackpill image thread that gets posted here sometimes? it used be to be posted like almost every day a few years ago. i used to argue with this insane obnoxious maniac in that thread sometimes. this guy was like toxic positivity on meth. he would write novel length insane ramblings all day long in that thread. then one day he disappeared, this was also around the time that crazy incel in the uk went on a rampage. i wouldnt be surprised if that was him, this guy was terrifyingly psychotic
This woman that was entirely obsessed and devoted to me. She would cut herself in front of me because she thought it was funny and she would kill animals for no greater cause. She still harasses me whenever she gets the chance. I have received over 70 illegible letters from her that I do not care to read. She larps and impersonates me often and it is detestable. I loathe her and wish I had never met her.
There's a guy on the warframe general on /vg/ who's been making the same spam posts with the same pictures and the same text for years, every single day multiple times a day.
some anon has been posting for at least a year on /x/ about being raped by god 24/7 or something like that. some days ago he posted the same thing here on r9k.
God is kind of a practical jokester
just about average 'cafe posters
I am King Eric Bartoli, a homeless man
I wonder if he posts but I'd have no idea how to spot him
b*rn*y wins hands down
The lemur smell fetishist on /an/ who writes hundreds of poems about them
Even mentioning him is risky
He doesn't post on /r9k/ as often, but used to be more active in drug generals and would sometimes post long rants about Jews on here.
but ... why?
By far the most insane Anon's are the one's that come into these threads and make up posters that don't actually exist in order to farm for (You)s.
Cuz I love him, he is very cute.
Myself 
Originalolyolil
Honestly I felt bad because he seemed really genuine, but I'm not following you to your car fag. I may have missed out on seeing a sick Ahrim's cosplay or whatever but it's not worth getting raeped. If he wanted to show me he should've just shown me pics.
There were hundreds of them
