Korean men are the only men that have done what no one else has managed to do for a mellinia, and that is conquer the entire new generation of white women.
That's right Koreans have done what black men have tried to do for a very long time. Zoomed women belong to Asian men and it's all thanks to Koreans and kpop. As a mixed race black man I commend you.
What hurts the most though is that I am part asian and I can never enjoy any benefits of this because no one can tell. So I sit in silence just looking as asian men in my community live my dream with access to the most young and beautiful white women.
All asian men around the world have Korean men to thank for this victory. For centuries your women have been flocking to white men but now it seems thanks to Koreans and the kpop explosion you all get to enjoy the prize of the world, young beautiful white women. I commend you.
highly niche group of foreign women interested in k culture
conquer
All while never leaving their own country.
White women come to us not the other way around.
Seething in 3....
2...
1..
0.6 birthrate, THOUGH.
Don't even need to try.
Don't even need to do anything.
It just happens.
JBK.
Same bullshit and debunked points over and over again.....
Non-Ks just don't have the mind.
All this while Korean women don't give a single shit about White boys. Fucking overwhelming.
lmao have the piggies given up?
I commend the Korean man and congratulate all of asian men on their victory.
Think its time to leave this board for a bit I dont know I hope I dont come back. 
Theres gotta be like, 12 people who post at a time at most. And you guys are like clockwork so is it like break time at work or what? I'm not sure. 
Anyways you are fucking psychotic man and you'll never get help.
do not even post shit like this. Do not interact with the race poster. Do not give the race poster attention. Giving the race baiter attention is akin to feeding a pest, if you instead cut off the attention they will go to /b/ or use another type of bait instead
Thank you, thank you....
Sounds like you're mind-broken to me. I have no idea what you're trying to say. Could you please cope a little more intelligently?
You also must be stupid. Trying to talk to a ravaged individual who is spouting a bunch of delusional nonsense.
The bbc has been trying to cuck the white man for centuries had a few major victories here and there but the Asian man has come and taken an entire generation of young white women in one fowl swoop. Asian men are not to be understemated.
How do I tell you anon...
Nearly forgot to post the continuation of your kind sabotaging the thread just to get ricefags any kind of attention
counted tranny/larp thread
definitely counted multi-ip larpers
biased counting (>sex: asian, marry:white_sex>>>, and yet didnt count)
on a majority white board
you dumb
Check again how you counted, mayopig. The East Asians mogged that one.
he thinks anyone will read his blogpost
lmao
seething much?
nahh. too lazy to write up a retort
bumping so the other baiters will reply to you
btw you sure took your time to count those trannies and gay men
also to post them here and stuff
you know you could just hide these
my friend edited that one actually
hide these
where's the fun?
i just find it curious that youd think im seething when im not and its you doing these
btw you sure took your time to count those trannies and gay men
also to post them here and stuff
you dont look like youre having fun
Of course you can't see me with your coinslots, lol
4chan majority white male dominated site
asks 'fembots' questions
known its almost always larpers
lol are mayocels down this bad?
this is actually hilarious
tldr my rigga, is it another two paragraphs of you coping?
notice how noone is even replying anymore. youre chimpings look stale to everyone now. youre so boring it isnt even fun to make you seethe
I'm seriously not going to feel bad about this, I love white women and I think who they chose to date should be discussed.
If only there was a rule against you... Oh wait, lel
White women generally choose white men, no?
Not anymore it seems, especially the younger generation. But I see white women all over the place mixing when I leave the house, I get a little jealous wehn I see the amount of asian men I see with YOUNG white women I'm talking WOW.
That sounds a lot like america, are you american?
American women aren't white
American women aren't white
Wtf is wrong with the people on this website lol
America is full of congoloids anon
It is a fascinating phenomenon. Make k-pop, then suddenly (some) girls like koreans.
I don't give a shit about k-pop or its fans though.
It gives some insight into how their brains work.
highly niche
BTS gets 1.5 billion views per video, mostly teen girls
Its really not a fascinating phenomenon. Media controls the perception of society.
Hollywood has had about a 100 year head start. Thus alot of people highly prefer them. Korean media has just gotten started and now are attracting women of all races to their countries.
Soft power here is key.
blk but azn
I REJECT YOU, RACE MIXER.
WE DONT WANT YOUR TROJAN HORSE.
KOREA IS FULL.
Its really not a fascinating phenomenon.
fuck you
Media controls the perception of society.
maybe for the dumb hoes who like k-pop but not otherwise. prove me wrong.
prove me wrong
A simple example of this would be language aesthetics. The human mind can't differentiate from the thousands of languages of what is considered attractive. Yet we associate European languages as Romanatic/Sensual/Sexy. While we have negative connotations amongst Pajeet languages as being Awkward and funny.
It's the perception of the speakers culture and bias on a subconscious level on why we judge the things we do.
The human mind can't differentiate from the myraid of languages of whats considered attractive. 
Soft power is key into molding the mind of people. It's not cause its just the way it is and if you don't realize this you are low IQ and judging by your response you might be a low IQ sheep who follows the herd.
Yet we associate
speak for yourself. I know french sometimes has that connotation. Indian is just objectively bad though.
It's the perception of the speakers culture and...
now you're just supporting the idea of the value of stereotyping/statistics.
Soft power blah blah
you sound remarkably like someone parroting something they've heard.
so my conclusion is that what you speak of applies to yourself and you're simply projecting.
I know I'm not asian bro, I'm a mixed race ugly mf yellow ape.
But I respect you. You guys are doing what african americans have tried to do for centuries. You bagged an entire generation of white women, the zoomer generation.
I commend you bro. Koreans are bringing the heat and putting asians everywhere on the map. Respect.
lol low iq brainlet i see as i figured
good bye
black men are doing good too tho?
u guys got that hiphop/swag shit going on
We trying, white women use us for sex but don't claim us the way they claim asian dudes. When's the last time you seen a white woman on tiktok showing off her black boyfriend boasting about he's so fine and she's lucky to have him? At most they will fuck us behind their boyfriends and dads back but never be seen with us again, unless she's not scared of the possibility of white men losing interest in her, or being disowned by her dad's. But asian men have entire empires behind them and are known to be resourceful so even if the white man tries to use his insecure tactics to scare the white girl she's still in good hands with an asian man. That's just my theory on it, or it could just be white women see us as walking dildos and will never value black men. Idk.
the irony that you couldn't write any response and sound like a retard yourself. i'm not going to even justify myself or state my iq but i'm 100% sure it absolutely dwarfs yours.
Well we attract a different demographic of White women though. 
I specifically think White women who are into Black men just are not online as much. They are more extroverted just like Black men. Thus they seem more visible out and about IRL but not online. While Asian men tend to be more introverted and attract more introverted type of White women. Thus being more highly visible online, but rarely IRL. Thus you see alot of these AMWF pairings on twitch from streamers for example.
I dont think any of that matters in the grand scheme of things. You should of saw this LA thread that didn't get too much attention the other day.
Black and East Asian men were doing the most interracial dating after you take into consideration of population differences. We were cucking White boys.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72978416/#72978416
no we didn't. we reject YTs too.
no we're not. Azn men only date Azn Women.
YWNBK STORMY
Get it through ur head mayo
i AM Korean tho. you are the "mayo", YT.
KOREANS REJECT THE TROJAN HORSE THAT IS YT WOMYN.
get REKT
you cant even speak Korean. ive heard you.
thats true my Korean is sum aysss
the stormy guy isnt even asian
and yet hes shaming them by larping as an annoying and retarded asian
lol, cope more YT. Korean guys are not interested in YTs.
KOREA IS FULL.
being valued as black sex bull is leagues more impressive than some betabuxx boyfriend that doesnt fuck
KEK. GTFO of Korea, YT womyn. You are a Trojan horse.
False, I know him in real life, he's more korean than you will ever be white, mutt
Sup Dae
who is Dae
be me
BLEACHED Korean boi
my Korean is terribad
know only western stuff
know about the fall of Troy
know about the multi kulti
know gifts are never free
tfw use my knowledge to
DENY YOU, YT.
daez nuts lamao gottem
Either way, I was trying to shit on the faggots by pretending to know (you) in real life, however that kind of failed. Anyway, big fan, how are you?
hey, im well. just denying this Trojan horse gift basket for the sake of all Koreans.
Very nice, as a nationalist I respect other nationalists to some extent
LMAOOOOOOOOOO
GOT EM NIGGGA
go back to plebbit, your kind is not allowed
stormy is going fucking mad
hes being serious with these trojan shit
he got mindbroken so hard
poor burger
the korean women in the kdrama you watch will never date you, stormy
YWNBK
i was talking to the blackanon about white women and their sexual need for black men you fucking mayoburger
korea wasnt even the subject there
YWNBK
KEK. TROJAN HORSERS BTFO!!!!!!
thats right - i am BLEACHED but i am Korean.
I USE WESTERN KNOWLEDGE AGAINST THEE, MULTI-KULTI!!!!
KOREANS REJECT YT WOMYN. KOREANS REJECT THE TROJAN HORSE.
GET
B T F O
typical ytboi chimping
koreans dont grow beards (only rarely)
you sound like a country boi
you never posted yellow skin
you cant speak korean (maybe a bit, but only lower than koreaboo levels)
yes.. ive been so bleached... that you think im a yt.
so be it.
I will always be Korean, no matter what you say!
I REJECT YT WOMYN. KOREA IS FOR KOREANS!
I REJECT YT WOMYN.
https://voca.ro/1nk7kWnVZmkt
Stormy is my favorite comedian
cause u are a country southern boy u mentally ill faggot
They told you be strong and attack the ytmayopigs, not the White women. Why are you attacking our women, nigga?
I'm unironically Korean, just very bleached out.
NO YT womyn.
You aren't though. And no White nor Korean or any human female would actually want you, hahaha.
i am though. and im saving Korea from multi-kulti just like any Korean man would.
YT womyn are the Trojan horse of "gifts"
