how can you tell someone is genuinely interested in you and when is it love bombing?
genuinely don't know the difference
Love bombing is intentionally buttering someone up for your own purposes, with little regard for the person in question's well-being
but someome could fake all of it
it doesn't have to be different
Context is usually a big clue.
Are they apart of a organization that is actively recruiting or selling something that you qualify as a potential member/customer?
Are they using making you feel good emotionally to isolate you?
Do they bring up a Us vs. Them narrative while trying to push you into the "one of us" category?
Most of those are strong indicators of love bombing and the beginnings of cult indoctrination. Probably a good sign to get the fuck out of there.
lol I appreciate your very specific warning but this is less agenda for cult indoctrination 
im just unsure if they looking for a hobby or they care it feels the same as the real deal
im too innocent to ever lovebomb manipulatively, it would be sincere feelings if i did it
but im too shy to do that anyway
I only really know about love bombing in the context of cults and highly manipulative individuals who essentially build a cult of one.
I am unfamiliar with the context that you are using it.
Just get the person to talk you about controversial topics where he has to have an opinion that's not just agreeing with whatever you want him to say
We don't fight argue discuss anything that's why I am corncernered
you should discuss that with them then
It doesn't work they change topics
did you speak to them privately? or maybe just bring up the topic in very small amounts which feels comfortable
the only fool proof way to know is if they are a virgin. non virgins are all manipulative and have goals beyond affection
this goes for both men and women
i am 100% certain non virgins are completely incapable of love
look at their eyes when they're talking. if their eyes crease up, they're being genuine. if the eyes barely move, they're manipulating you to some end, and they're not being genuine. context helps. are they a coworker? lower level employee? love bombing can be a way to get in someone's good graces and considered for a promotion.
