If this is your "Christianity". I'd rather you just be an atheist.
We're all sinners. 
right
All sins are equal (except racism and homophobia). 
wrong
The Bible says you're never ever allowed to judge. 
wrong
The Bible supports separation of church and state.
debatable
The Bible says all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
wrong
wrong
ONLY if you are not an ancestor of Jesus. RIP Onan
How do I practice Christianity the way my ancestors did in 1300s? I want to worship the same way as them. Despite there being thousands of churches on Google maps none of them seem to provide this service. Not a single one.
Religions are outdated anyway and the future of spirituality lies in NDEs as they are real and prove that there is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So there is no such thing as hell or sin.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
orthodox Christianity, unironically
this "christianity" is due to over 200 years of you secularist constantly attacking in an endless barrage of pilpul, sabotage, and weaponizing christian morality against themselves. 
also, 
chrisianity is barbaric, cruel and tyranical
and
this is a leftist tactic, to make the subject both Demonstrously evil while also being idiotic and incompetent. its a shaming tactic. 
why are you using a shaming tactic
im basically a deist. i believe in god, but i dont believe in revelatory religions, like christianity or islam. i believe in natural theology, that you can know of god's existence through reason, philosophical arguments and evidence from the outside world
fuck christianity. its not reasonable to believe shit like the resurrection or walking on water or whatever other shit jesus did, even if it did happen. i think people are apes for believing that shit, and i think revelatory religions have caused a great amount of harm throughout history, and have been used as a justification for killing, be it humans or animals
Is the Protestant Reformation responsible for all the evil in the world? If your "Christianity" doesn't actually require you to make any changes in your life or give anything up. What's even the point of it? Protestants aren't our "allies". They're worse than useless. Vatican II Catholics are useless also.
trad cath stop coping, your religion says to obey the pope no matter what, even if he's literally a follower of satan
