<comment>
be me
move my body
what the fuck? how did i do that?
<comment>
Puppet strings aka muscle fibres elevated by chemical reaction chains via nerves.
<comment>
*clears throat*
What has been moved is not moving.
What has not been moved is not moving.
Apart from what has been moved and what has not been moved, Movement cannot be conceived.
2. Where there is change, there is motion. Since there is change in the moving,
And not in the moved or not-moved, Motion is in that which is moving.
3. How would it be acceptable
For motion to be in the mover?
When it is not moving, it is not acceptable To call it a mover.
4. For whomever there is motion in the mover, There could be non-motion
Evident in the mover.
But having motion follows from being a mover.
5. If motion is in the mover.
There would have to be a twofold motion: One in virtue of which it is a mover,
And one in virtue of which it moves.
6. If there were a twofold motion.
The subject of that motion would be twofold. For without a subject of motion,
There cannot be motion.
7. If without a mover
It would not be correct to say that there is motion, Then if there were no motion,
How could there be a mover?
8. Inasmuch as a real mover does not move, And a non-mover does not move,
Apart from a mover and a non-mover, What third thing could move?
9. When without motion,
It is unacceptable to call something a mover, How will it be acceptable
To say that a mover moves?
10. For him from whose perspective a mover moves, There would be the consequence that
Without motion there could be a mover.
Because a mover moves.
11. If a mover were to move,
There would be a twofold motion:
One in virtue of which he is a mover,
And one in virtue of which the mover moves.
12. Motion does not begin in what has moved, Nor does it begin in what has not moved.
Nor does it begin in what is moving.
In what, then, does motion begin?
13. Prior to the beginning of motion,
There is no beginning of motion in
The going or in the gone.
How could there be motion in the not-gone?
<comment>
14. Since the beginning of motion
Cannot be conceived in any way.
What gone thing, what going thing,
And what non-going thing can be posited?
15. Just as a moving thing is not stationary, A non-moving thing is not stationary.
Apart from the moving and the non-moving, What third thing is stationary?
16. If without motion
It is not appropriate to posit a mover, How could it be appropriate to say That a moving thing is stationary?
17. One does not halt from moving,
Nor from having moved or not having moved. Motion and coming to rest
And starting to move are similar.
18. That motion just is the mover itself Is not correct.
Nor is it correct that
They are completely different.
19. It would follow from
The identity of mover and motion That agent and action
Are identical.
20. It would follow from
A real distinction between motion and mover That there could be a mover without motion And motion without a mover.
21. When neither in identity
Nor in difference
Can they be established,
How can these two be established at all?
22. The motion by means of which a mover is manifest Cannot be the motion by means of which he moves.
He does not exist before that motion,
So what and where is the thing that moves?
23. A mover does not carry out a different motion From that by means of which he is manifest as a mover. Moreover, in one mover
A twofold motion is unacceptable.
24. A really existent mover
Doesn't move in any of the three ways. A non-existent mover
Doesn't move in any of the three ways.
25. Neither an entity nor a non-entity Moves in any of the three ways.
So motion, mover and
And route are non-existent.
<comment>
You didn't, you aren't actually you.
<comment>
But are you the same you that just moved or a new entity suddenly imbued with all those memories and capabilities? Is the time that you exist in a component of your identity?
<comment>
Literally magic
