Fembots why not date a muscular insecure Brad?
Ew. Date them yourself retard
muscular brad
just today i walked by a group of some rugby guys and felt a lot of tension.
but, i think we would be too different. he would want to go out and cheat on me while i would prefer to stay home and play autistic video games. no thanks.
rugby
L O N D O N
O
N
D
O
N
This
Brads and chads are good for a nice fuck, but after a while i would want a sweet gentle man &lt;3
that's asking to get cheated on
i've never had hookups tho. but i like experiencing sexual tension, no sex needed for that.
I'M NOT FROM LONDON
You're a woman and I hate you
You're a man and I still hate you
insecure
probably not a fun hang
I'M NOT FROM LONDON
M I D L A N D S
I
D
L
A
N
D
S
this does not please the maiden
No
continental europe gang
Personally, being an asian guy with an autistic computer job doesn't counter the muscles as far as people assuming you're dumb.
It's not like I'm insecure manlet either. Still doesn't help.
asians guys are hotter when they're thin. health is important but when you see a jacked asian guy, usually you assume he's a fuckboy.
It's not about you. I train for men, no homo. It's about being physically superior for fighting purposes.
A jacked any kind of guy with the hair gel usually fits the stereotype though, that is true. If a guy is jacked enough to look jacked in a tshirt, he's most likely taking a bunch of roids. Resorting to drugs is definitely from insecurity. I don't look big in a tshirt, the tshirt has to come off.
I don't look big in a tshirt, the tshirt has to come off.
good. I hate it when guys (on 4chan) shit on each other based on whether they look "buff" in a tshirt or not.
that's actually great, i hope you find a qt health conscious gf.
I haven't noticed that at all. Then again, I avoid the /fit/ board like the plague. No one on /fit/ is actually fit yet they invade other boards with their cult nonsense.
I don't want a fitness GF. The fitness thing isn't a lifestyle or personality trait, I just want to be strong to be able to suplex dudes.
I want a soft feminine GF who likes cakes and stuff.
i hate that one of them looks like my brother. i dont want to date my brother
health conscious doesn't mean gymrat. i more so meant a woman who'd cook you nice healthy meals.
I'm a good cook myself but a woman to cook for me would be very nice. Saves time and shows affection.
Where do I find one of those? Are you offering?
i did go on there at some point because i wanted some advice when i was a complete beginner. well i'm still a beginner but now i know some basic things at least.
honestly, anon i have no clue. i'm a chronically online NEET who's into scrawny autistic nerds.
cooking is fun but i'm certainly not the kind of girl you're after.
i'd only be able to offer shallow advice like maybe you could join some sort of cooking group to flex your skills and personality. you might bump into a girlie.
The key to keep in mind is my first post. I'm a chronically online autist myself, I just happen to be in good shape.
As far as girls go, I'm sure I'll do well if I put myself out there but the stereotype of dying from stress and overwork is also true about me. I have too much to deal with to put myself out there chase girls IRL.
What makes you say you're not the kind of girl I'm after though? I've only covered some basic stuff about myself and didn't go into any detail.
you'd get off by calling him your brother, don't lie
I have too much to deal with to put myself out there chase girls IRL.
ah, yeah. that makes sense, but online dating feelings like trudging through weeds?
you seem like a well put together person with a good heart, you deserve someone in a similar position as you. you certainly could get someone better than an autistic jobless shutin and i'm sure you could get it too!
I feel like you're selling yourself short. I'd be happy to talk to you more and get to know you more.
I need to go to the grocery store before it closes but I'll drop my discord before I go in case you want to chat more later.
na4gj#2010
continental europe gang
B E R L I N
E
R
L
I
N
no. a bf from Thuringia would be nice though.
you know what, sure!
but don't expect too much, i'm not kidding when i say i'm a total autist lmao. my user ends in 4844
another robot/fembot relationship started by an ironic shitpost
Too far east
Make it NRW next time and we can talk
