are you ready to be a childless old man?
It's child-free, not childless
Thus always to Reimufags
thats a good cope
But anon I already am a childless old man
Oh nooo, not a childless man. Remind me, how does the life of a father look like, especially when he's already elderly? He sits around with his kids and shit? Is that it?
Hell, if you're unlucky kids will just be taken from you
cope. you see eternity in your children and grandchildren, ultimate meaning in having had a wife when you both were young and growing in love and starting a family. The ultimate meanings of life are felt through these experiences. Simple as.
only if my gf and love of my life decides not to marry me in that case I am completely ready
that photo was from a vietnamese military dorm room, not a taiwanese prison. the guy was lonely probably but he wasn't trapped in the dorm room.
putting all of your eggs in one place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1UtRnGn5hc [Embed]
The silver lining is, you have more of a chance at not dying alone that I do.
No I am not.
I am too obese to ever live to be an old man,
unfortunately, I'm not sure if my gf knows that she is my gf. but in any case I allow my genetic fate to be determined solely by her and her alone because no other woman is fit to judge me.
Yes, not only ready i even proud of that.
What do I care about having child or not? 
The pussy that might get bio-locked on having one is the part that has my interest.
My dad isn't seeing any grandchildren lol.
Also he was miserable because he had to deal with my mom plus two kids and even in retirement his life is bad because he still has to live with my mom.
Stop believing pathetic fairy tales anon, seriously, not even normies overrated reproduction and marriage like you and some robots here in this board, that's why y'all suffer so much for those things
spoken like true armchair drydick
n-no the transcendent isn't real! Israel did 9/11 and enbies are heckin' valid!
Not even him but the copium is so thinly veiled holy shit.
Trascendent
What trascendent?
You are mixing some weird metapyshic fantasies with reproduction and marriage and i am the anon coping here, sure.
GO ask your dad if he sees infinity peeking from your nostrils, retard.
You're a pair of bona fide idiots sperging about shit you have no idea about. You're having a hallucinatory episode combined with a tantrum just to add drama to your faggoty, complacent living condition. Kids matter jackshit. You probably live in a gay ass, modernist shithole with zero traditions or communal values and this familial cargo cult is what you imagine the human experience was. Well it wasn't and just breeding and leaving some boneless dollop behind you means nothing.
if it was just that you didn't want kids you wouldn't go around trying to convince people how awful they are.
