Did you ever get in a fight? 
Who won?
i haven't been in a fight for nearly a 6-8 years.
been in 4 fights as a korean guy. All happened in my hs years.
1 with a black guy. Punched me in class and wailed on me.
1 with a white guy. On a school bus i beat his ass well more like punched him and he fell and stopped. People were all laughing at him.
1 with a mexican guy. He was bullying me. I snapped thru a water bottle at his head and started wailing on him. He stopped picking on me afterwards.
1 with another mexican guy. He beat my ass but he jumped me with his friend.
I hate any guys named Max and get really turned on when I think about a guy bullying me. Fuck
Havent gotten into many fights in my life. But the few I have been in I won. Granted they were all when I was a kid so I wouldnt put much stock in my fighting ability at all.
originally ywnbaw tranny
Fighting outside of protecting your child, family or girlfriend or for sport is for chimp baboon level human beings, literally risking death and brain damage because egos got hurt.
you will never be a real woman lol why can't you accept that
A few when I was in grade school. Most of the time I was getting my shit kicked but I won at least one I can recall
Well I certainly am a girl
hey bitch
*bullies you*
sucker punched a guy in school
Have been in multiple fights. Most were won but the ones you lose really put a mental toll on you or maybe it's just me with my ego. I can't forget the humiliating losses and want to track down the people and unironically kill them even though the fights were many years ago.
Shut up Max I have a vagina 
Pls stop I might cry and cum at the same time
It's okay babe I wopuld protect yuo
No you wouldnt!! No one ever does!
Me and my brother used to beat on each other for fun until he got too strong and it wasn't fun anymore (I'm a woman and 2 years older than him) we stopped fist fighting at around 12-13
Also we used to play a game called who can punch the softest. We'd start out punching each other really soft on the arm then abruptly get harder and go OOPS I LOSE 
Good times I'm laughing just remembering
One time when I was in high school, some idiot tried to fight me on my way out of the locker room. I used my binder as a shield and kicked him in the stomach.
That's cute, hope your relationship with your bro is still good, sounds like a nice family
Should have grab his ball and squeeze them.
I wouldve if he wasnt pushing my face into a snow bank
Did everyone clap too?
I had something similar happen as a kid but I just hate bullies now. I'd build little snow castles and the bully boys would come knock them over rinseand repeat
Thats so mean im sorry! My bullies also went into my yard and stole my bike and threw it in the town river multiple times. I dont know why max hated me SO much like wtf
