I can't believe I ever fell for the small asian cock meme
When I was a kid maybe 12 I used to believe that shit.
Now I realize small asian cock is just a meme created by white men to stunt the natural fascination white women have to asian men and their superior intellects.
Just think about it, all women are attracted to men based of their talent creativity and ability to gather and share resources. That's a man's primary function within a family unit. And although asians haven't been the most dominate in international politics they have show unlimited potential in their ability to innovate in their own lands and thrive in other nations.
I should have known better since I am part asian part black and have a bigger dick than most black guys I am friends with.
The emergence of kpop has made it all too clear. Asian men are superior to white men and sadly black men as well and small Asian cock is nothing more than a meme created by white men to stop Asian men from stealing them. People are finally waking up to the truth.
those dicks are the same size
Shut the fuck up moshe
The only guy I've seen with a bigger dick than me irl (white) was this East Indian guy I was meeting off Grindr. Every Asian was small.
white guy 4.5"
asian guy 9"
Bruh this aznmasculinity shit is cringe I say that as an asian born in asia. This is western born asian mental illness.
white guy 6ft5
asian guy 5ft3
the asian man's rizz is so powerful he can MOG a man a foot taller than him
This cope has to stop. You are brining up an Asian man's short stature while he's taking all your zoomed women who are going to grow up to teach their daughters that asians are the best. How does that make you look in comparison if someone's height is such an issue.
BBC spam is annoying but this asian/korean spam is just so fucking sad. changbros I hate to say it because asians are usally cool, but stacy is not going to fuck you and shitting all over r9k is not going to change that. the basis of a good meme is a kernel of truth. there is no truth to the idea that stacies are somehow lusting after chinks. 
yeah using the word 'rizz' you are definetely underage. you are ethnic dude. get a nice girl from your community and stop poisoning your mind with these pathetic white fetishing threads.
It is imperative that you take your meds
The BBC meme hits so deeply at white guys because there is a small kernel of truth to it: white girls and black guys are shacking up together at increased rates. The black guy probably doesn't have a giga-dick, but the meme is still powerful simply because those couples are common. That's why it has cultural power.
Asians cocks are genuinely smaller and there is no crazy increase in asian guys shacking up with white girls so you gooks who do this shit just look absolutely pathetic. Your women *are* getting with white guys at a high rate and white guys generally are bigger and brawnier than asian guys. You people will never be able to socially engineer any other image for yourselves beyond effeminate and twink-like. Even the whole kpop thing is still just a bunch of faggoty men adhering to the beauty standards that your own people celebrate. You'll never convince a generation that asian guys are masculine and "muh hollywood" just psyopped everyone into thinking otherwise. Grow up. Get off this website.
Low IQ coping 4"'er posts a drawing as his rebuttal 
LOL you're such a fucking loser
Hey white girls rate my big Japanese cock
why is the gook's face photoshopped on?
have a bigger dick than most black guys I am friends with.
What do you know the size of your friends dicks?
why are east asians so full of hatred against whites? Im european so i dont have much contact but for me asians have always been bros.
None of these freaks are Asian, they absolutely refuse to post a pic with timestamp because if they do their larp will fall apart.
Lol fuck you you insecure white loser I only fuck white girls because they are the absolute best which I'd much more than I can say for you incels who want to hold on to them but are losing them to asian men in doves
I live in VA beach and every day I see another white female Asian male couple a different one everyday and it's all Tha KS to the kpop culture exposing white women to what real intellect and culture actually is and then once it makes it to the bedroom they see that all that little asian cock nonsense was just a bunch of white incel cope faggot
I got to admit I'm kind of jealous sense eus niggers have been trying to conquer white women and not just be seen as one night stands and walking dildos who she hides from her racist insecure daddy HOWEVER I'm happy at the same time to see these white women getting busted down by asian men because she gets to see what true superiority looks like and not propaganda field by insecurity of men who can't handle her.
White women will never claim black men proudly and you know what in fine with that but you see all these young white girls posting their asian boyfriends on their tiktoks boasting about how they don't deserve their men, they do this because asian men have money and resources, their families can take care of them so they have nothing to lose. Go fuck yourself telling me not to fuck white women, I'm gonna keep fucking white women. Faggot.
The meds are extremely necessary
It's the other way around. Whites are full of hatred for Asians. Turn on any western news media program and it's nonstop fear mongering about china. Every Asian in Hollywood movies is ridiculed for being effeminate. And then there's the dick myth that has no basis in reality 
See >>73001998 And >>73001444 (OP) for actual proof while this faggot posted a drawing >>73001981
I say this as a Turkish guy who has no investment in either side. I hate both westerners and Easterners. But most of the racism comes from crackers/cumskins
You're a virgin and you're not whatever race you're saying you are, post a pic with timestamp.
This guy is still going
For someone with no investment you sure butt into every thread, it couldn't possibly be that you're actually just a larper who's part of the raid while pretending to be a neutral third party.
poojeet JFL
coping incel ur life is such shambles u follow around lolcows autist to project ur insecurities onto
AMWF is higher in Korea sorry Brad. If you can bring some citations proving otherwise for Koreans. ill take a listen. Til then you are coping.
90% of all AMWF are done by Korean guys. Statistically if you are a Korean guy. You have the best chance to interracial with a White girl. Unless u have stats backing up ur claim other then Muh SEA, Pajeet, China group into Asian statistics. Its over for you.
you are definitely correct about the hatred against chinese, and you have a point that ive seen lots of negativity against chinese folks from people i know, i suppose it must be even worse in the US. My personal opinion is that we need an eurasian union, whites and asians were made to rule the world together.
Doesnt defend white
You are apart of the schizoid raid i made up in muh head
btw NTA dicklet.
The dozen racebait threads a day is totally organic bro I swear there's no raid bro I swear I don't have discord open on another tab I swear also I'm a different person I swear
How much of your life are you going to dedicate to this?
part azn part blk
there it is. the race mixer had revealed their (dark) hand
NO RACEMIXING. reminder that op is a black dude pushing YT womyn onto azn guys so he can go after azns.
Man i gotta give you mayocels alot of credit. You guys are completely delusional most of the time. Literal schizoids who think this is some elaborate plan made within a discord group or 1 person samefagging nonstop 24 hours a day. 
Takes 2 seconds to post and move on with ur day.
Then let ur incel ass seethe JFL.
Why would we team up with you, cucks you discriminated against us for so long and now that we are passing you up in every way and are about use russia and sadi in ww2 to take down the only white "superpower" left in america you want to "team up"
You guys were never meant to Ryle the world, and when I say WE were meant to rule the world I'm saying asians, have fun with those gas sanctions as your economy collapses and Asian men start flying over to the United States for sex tourism. Caveman.
You namefag 24/7 on this board. Guess who is not getting pussy.
azns will come to USA for sex tourism
LOL. USA doesnt have much for that
All real men are put to mix with white women. Asians just happen to be the ones succeeding. You can't stop it, you can only sit on the internet and cry about it like a bitch.
this is whats gonna happen.
Azns are gonna leave YTs alone. the end.
and Korea is full.
Well we will take what they do have.
Koreans dont need to goto the USA for sex tourism.
They come to Korea.
tf u talking about nigga?
White women won't leave asian men alone though.
mix with YT womyn
kek, you are delusional.
race bait post made
25 minutes without a reply
oh wow the schizo will have to move o- 
some fucking troglodyte retard replies to the obvious bait post and the rest come swarming in
All you had to do was let it die you fucking faggots
Asians generally have tiny dicks and in no way shape or form are they getting anything over white men in today's world. Having travelled off and on to Seoul and spent a lot of time in Itaewon, I can confirm that most Korean guys are manlets and their women are retardedly Americanized and super open to fucking foreign men. Koreans, and Asian men in general just aren't the dominant, masculine type. They never will be. It's a genetic thing.. they all look so damn girly.
This is especially funny considering that the same couple namefags and near identical posts being made 24/7 for days in a row, completely disproving the utter denial you're in. We both know you sit at your desk or in your bed on your phone all day doing this and you're mad because you easy to read. Go for a jog or something anon, it'll be good for you.
white women ages 16-26 going to Korea to be with Korean men
Bruh
bruh thats a latina. why are YTs so cringe
You're not even Korean.
YWNBK
Bruh what?
Explain this.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72768208/#72768208
You have never left your bedroom you fat cunt lol
Looks like an asian cock to me
What's wrong couldn't find a bwc
some fucking troglodyte retard replies
They bump their own threads you fucking retard, these threads will be on page ten and then suddenly get an "angry" low effort reply that kicks it back up to the front page.
bruh, the Korean lads will ignore these YTs.
bwc
jfl that doesnt exist. its just mayocel cope.
ive never had a single person say this anywhere online except mayocels on 4chan
I am Korean, technically ._.
To be a race baiting ricecel, you have to genuinely turn off your brain, ignore harsh realities and practice extreme cognitive dissonance to ever think that a modern Asian male is cucking a white man at all.
I'm just saying what race of men on earth has 16 year old european girls flying to their countries to have sex either them, Koreans are kings.
Ik that's a latina, why would I post porn with an asian girl? They're ugly af. Here's a wholesome pic though
i dont really like white girls, but they love us
yea i feel utterly bad for mayos, but why did you type ricecel? you mean mayocel?
cucking a YT
why, azns dont want YTs
Come to think of it you are right I've never even heard the phrase big white cock outside of 4chan lol
korean thread
mayo posts a seamonkey to own koreans
everytime kek
Lmao yet again, I've watched the reply counter increase dramatically while the poster count remains at 16/17. The same ricecels samefagging one another ahahahahahaha
theyre ugly af
uh ok, then why are you here seething lol. nobody wants your YT womyn
the life of an average korean man is just repeatedly getting sexually assaulted by female sexpats
ya but u stressin and posting porn. in all these threads are gae and nobody wants YTs, yall need to get over yourselves
This thread has nothing to do with Koreans as per the OP, but even if you make that distinction yourself, no one actually cares. Some faggot keeps needing to remind people that he's specifying Koreans as if that makes a difference? You're all one blob to most people
again that girl isnt asian
sad that the examples of attractive wmaf is so few you have to use the same 5 pics you have been spamming for 10 years + a bunch of pics that arent even asian girls. bleak.
why are you posting this family here? cringe YToid, has no decency.
OP is literally a pic of dicks lmfao, fuck off Stormy, pussy boy
They can't get over themselves they can't even controll their own women, their sanity was lost long ago lol.
same 5 pics you have been spamming for 10 years
stop projecting dude lol
making more Asians to own the Asians
Do white boys really? Hahaha.
i see. so you are posting dicks in response to op (dicks).
Why are white guys so jealous of us man.
mind broken i guess cause their women are flying half way around the world to meet us.
kinda pathetic but whatever.
I command you to stay in this thread for hours and keep posting porn webms, 
instead of going out, living your life and getting laid. Do it whiteboy.
"ill post my entire BWC collection to own these ricecels, reeeeeee"
What's going on with Stormy's sister? Did she ever forgive him?
I think its cause they had no girls paying attention to them their whole lives. Black men cucking them, now Korean men are cucking them. Hopefully they get some help for their sanity. Maybe goto a head doctor or something.
Anyways heres a photo i taken in Hongdae outside of a nightclub. Theirs tons of white girls, but idk why these guys wanna keep denying the reality of the situation.
forgot too attach photo.
no we arent. go home, Korea is full.
It's because they can't stop their 16 year old daughters from flying to Korea to get grown Korean dick.
Like these incels
White men just don't have enough girth for white women that's why they suck asian cock.
instead of going out, living your life and getting laid
He says as he starts another bait thread for the fifth time today
they found out about the girth
Reminder
most WMAF couples in US are 40 years old, or older 
Asian women in their twenties and thirties are least likely to marry white males: Asian women in their 50s and 60s are the most likely to marry white males
Asian American women have 7x more children with Asian American men than with whites 
WMAF has a much lower fertility rate than AMAF: whether its because most WMAF are old, its fake gold digger relationships, or both people in WMAF are asexual autists, who knows 
total hapa births are so few, they constitute less than 1% of US births 
Let the white boys cope. If they could actually get asian women, they wouldnt spend hours in these threads replying to them. Nobody wants them irl.
I'm right here along with you dude lmfaoooooooooo. You're in the trenches to, stop posturing like you're superior, just do what it is you do. You guys are so weird. You sit on the internet, make these threads, then tell the people clapping back in your thread that they're the losers LOL dude come on man. Just play the game you're playing. Stop pretending to be anything other than what you are.
White guys tried to keep it a secret alone because they knew their civilization couldn't compete so you know errbodd gotta have somen cleetus
here's some more photos ive taken for all the asianbros in the west.
come to Korea if you want easy White girls. They fly out by the millions.
Don't be fooled by the mayocel narrative. Its really easy to get laid out here with a White girl.
another one for yall
It's hilarious how a "huge" Asian cock, that someone had to trawl the Internet to find, looks like a above average white cock. Meanwhile a huge white cock looks like this.
Kpop has made them Korean crazy. Heh, this is pretty typical on a Saturday night in Seoul.
the trenches
Why are yt boys so cringe I actually feel bad for you
pedophile creep posts his male ordered Filipino bride
Lol the absolute state of white men you guys are really slumin it huh, I would say she's slummin it but you know anything for that green card lol
why are YTs so obsessed with us azns???
the azn porn they post always has a small dicked male in it. I genuinely believe the shrimp dick stereotype
Korean Chad going back home to have a threesome with two white horses from the club 
Based
posts webm of a mixed race asian girl most likely with an asian girl and a white mom sucking a big asian cock
The absolute state of white cope artists lol
It's funny when Whites try to "own" the Koreans they post videos and pictures almost exclusively of SEA women JFL.
Happens in almost every thread. Nobody can tell me why would Koreans care about Sea people? I just dont get it.
I guess it a good coping mechanism though.
Doesnt change the fact White women are flying out to Korea in the millions.
she's literally the korean actress from squid game lmfaooooooooooooooooo
Japanese porn is hilarious, like these are PORNSTARS and they barely have 5" dicks, if that.
Because their underage daughters are litteraly flying to Korea so you can split them in half and there's nothing they can do about it.
as if. that Korean chad is gonna go home with that Korean beauty in the white shirt.
Unironically only trannies and gay guys care about dick size. Millions of teen girls around the world would rather take Jimins 3 incher. Let that sink in.
posts webm of a mixed race asian girl most likely with an asian girl and a white mom sucking a big asian cock
Posts an obviously Asian guy
Lol
asian bros plz dont let yourselves get demoralized by this drivel. the people who push bbc meme or bwc meme are both mentally retarded. Get off the site while you still can
I dont like white girls but they love us. 
I got stalked on campus last year by a couple of them.
But my Korean gf is a loyal sweet homebody who makes me food everyday, so I am never leaving her.
insecure white pedophile lying about teen girls preferences to defend his ego and fuel his cope
Lol
this is a still from some porn couple..
you wish, brah
asian Brosnan please don't wake up and realize that young white girls are flocking to you from all over the globe in 2023, if you realize that you will have too much ammunition and 4chan will no longer be a safe place for me to cope
They want this. 103 replies, 22 posters.. wow.
You guys leave your subreddit containment boards after your 10000th discussion on how to fight hollywood brainwashing and your best course of action is to attempt to demoralize r9k users lmfaooooooooooooooooooooo
The guy pushing the BWC meme is also a BBC poster kek. Probably some mentally ill tranny.
Its kinda fun watching a retard act dumb and drool all over itself.
asian guy
latina woman
Lmfaoooo
Bros I think we've officially broken Asian men. I feel kind of bad.
im not even watching these porn clips, whats the point.
Korean men love Korean Women.
YTs go home.
You aren't in korea you fucking reject lmao
Everytime a Korean thread comes up. Whitecels come in here chimping out samefagging nonstop cause they get utterly mind raped by whats occuring right before their eyes.
Its quite hilarious to watch.
broke what, this thread is a cluster of porn and seethe.
nobody wants YTs
kek. im still Korean and you aren't, YT. go home, YT
hilarious how? did you burn ants with a magnifying glass as a child?
Thread vaguely says "Asian" in the OP
"Koreans", which none of them actually are, come in an spam the thread despite not being mentioned until they showed up and did it themselves 
I've finally figured it out, Asians got so tired being blown the fuck out in every thread that they now decide to cling specifically to one nation, but despite that they still seethe whenever "Asians" as a collective are mentioned.
oh come on, we all know this is another edition of JBK.
its kinda similar to when the Tranny and BLM movement happened.
They start chimping out and wailing their little 12 inch arms around and coping
Its all so hilarious and tiring at the same time.
Why are snowroaches like this?
blown the fuck out in every thread
Let me refresh ur memory of those BTFO thread u mentioned.
go home, YT. Koreans don't want your Trojan horse.
I think Mayos got BTFO about 5-6 times in Korean threads by White girls.
The only White 'girl' that came to defend White 'men' was a Hambeast from the other day. Who kept claiming shes only overweight and not fat LOL
I have never seen any other kind of threads generate so many replies. What is it about Korean prettyboy slayers that trigger mayocels and make their women so wet?
they found about the girth
handpic of the fat femcel defending Whites.
Literally the only one who ever did so far JFL.
6 White girls defended Korean guys.
LITERALLY over for Mayocels
not interested. Korean Women are the best.
YT go home, you're taking up space for Koreans.
Right now millions of Asian and white girls are rubbing their clits to him and would murder a basket of puppies just to get one look from him. Millions of girls would kill themselves or commit murder for him. Reminder no girl will ever be this devoted to you.
White guy
Proof? That looks like text on a screen, and much like how you aren't actually Korean, that wasn't actually a white guy.
Pic with no timestamp as "proof"
Lmao
No proof that any of them were white
Imagine being so desperate this is what you do with yourself.
You can't lose as a Korean man. 
Norwegian girl goes to rural northern Norway, to mine for a rare mineral to make a necklace for her boyfriend in Korea, spends hours chipping it out of the rock, and flies over to bring it to him. This nigga is in heaven.
https://youtu.be/0zhIe5w00wE [Embed]
Reminder no girl will ever go to these lengths for you.
JUST. BE. KOREAN.
Your little sister is likely rubbing her clit to Korean men as we speak. Korean men are shaping her sexuality and rewiring her brain in its formative years.
No wonder young girls are becoming slaves to Korean dick.
holding your cock by the balls makes it look longer wow they learned that party trick after 5000 years
this faggot has literally had a hundred thousand dollars of facial reconstruction surgery and chemical treatments, plus huge amounts of makeup to look like this asexual ken doll, girls lose interest in this look by about 17-19
MUH PROOOF
mind broken white cuck JFL
ANYEONG HASEO WE ALL ROOK SAME
This is what young girls in their prime want.
They are forgoing fat mentally ill western boys for prettyboy Korean slayers. 
You will never be this attractive.
You will never be this desirable.
You will never be this loved.
You will never be this high status.
This is what teenage girls want. 
This guy drowns in PTP.
23 posters
129 replies
Wow. I'm not even white but of all the losers who inhabit r9k you guys are definitely the at the lowest tier. Your bait threads are so ineffective that they don't even generate enough seethe, so you literally samefag one another and bump your own threads that's insane lol
Less than 30 posters. Over 100 replies. Come on anons this is pure fail
y-yeah well g-girls lose interest when they hit the w-wall
Oh no, how will Koreanbros cope?
her Korean is better than mine ._.
where's Chad? CHAAAAAAD come tame your woman.
He only dates Korean Women. keep seething, Becky!
I don't need proof I have my imagination
You're jerking off to men larping as white girls, and the only one to provide proof, and therefore the only actual girl, was against you. Every single person on this board is an246 lbs 4'8" albino aboriginal man until they provide a pic with a timestamp to prove otherwise.
Brutally mogged by pic rel
Your Asian crush would run you over with her car to get access to him.
Your sisters spend hours writing detailed sexual scenarios with him and you hear her with her vibrator through the wall every night, pleasuring herself to Korean Chads and knowing damn well she wishes her womb was being flooded with potent Korean seed. 
This is the reality. This is Korean world domination.
fuk yeah, post more Korean couples.
Only single moms and gay guys are attracted to muscly guys with beards.
Reminder the average western male is obese, barely 5ft9, and bald.
If you search the archives for deleted posts over the last few days, you can see how much samefagging they do. When they get canned, it bins all of their posts under that id, so you can see which namefags were which anons.
false. while Women may like kpop stars ON SCREEN, bearded muscle men would MOG them if both physically present in the same room.
Well of course. Korean Chads slay endless prime Korean pussy effortlessly. 
Foreign girls are desperately trying to emulate K-Stacies so they stand a chance with their oppa.
Few will succeed.
i know these threads have mind broken you, but get help. its not healthy to cope this hard anon. you and i both know u look nothing like that.
slay
no. Koreans DATE. we dont use crude YT/blk terms like this.
stay out of Korea!
Young girls arent attracted to that aesthetic. Only trannies, single moms looking for someone to defend Jamals baby, and bpd chicks who got molested by their dads would look at him.
false. put a handsome, bearded muscle man with kpop twinks in the same room, and the beards will mog.
The reality is, Korean Stacy wants Korean slayer Chad.
Adorable. yes
All young girls want prettyboys. 
When they are ageing and ready to settle down, they will settle for a manly betabux.
These two white men mog every single asian male posted in this thread. It isn't even up for debate.
But her best years will always be given to Korean slayers.
This is what Korean girls want.
It's funny when you mayocels cope about samefagging.
Almost every thread on r9k is like that. Here let me show you.
>72984646 
446 replies, 54 ips
>72993196 
447 replies, 59 ips
>72989321 
316 replies, 54 ips
>72995642 
120 replies, 21 ips
>72981206 
198 replies, 43 ips
All active threads and the most popular ones here.
Some big time mayo cope goin around.
ur right their is no debate cause its such a JFL statement i dont even wanna argue why Koreans are superior in every way.
Korean couples are so perfect.
whats my post percentage in these threads, probably like 30% of all posts are me lol
t. Brainwashed by the west
Korean women are disgusted by beards, body hair and excess muscle, especially if its not on Korean men.
Which one of these voices is the most K-Chad?
https://vocaroo.com/1dXv819JJwDL
Or
https://vocaroo.com/13lCeYLrnooO
whiteboys still get cucked by bbc when they go to korea
you never see white boys with hot girls in korea
they are always either standing around alone, or with some obese foreign girl
yea u need to stfu stormy. you are a annoying little faggot ngl.
my Kacey gf likes muscles :3
i think she is fine with my beard...
this is true.. they still ignore this archive thread when i post it everytime.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72768208/#72768208
seethe, YToid. YWNBK
All of the generals are full of the same posters
This newfag just figured out what a "general" thread is for the first time
Every thread is like that you fucking moron LMAO
Korean threads usually get 40-60 IP range. You can go check them in the archive.
Every threads that get in the similar range is around the same amount too.
You are just a coping mayocel lmao.
Every thread is like that because I say so
I will state this without proof, go find your own non-existent proof
That's rough buddy, I know you just learned what a general is so you're riding high right now but relax with the reddit spacing.
White male Asian female is the future get used to it.
There's been research finding white men are most attracted to Asian women, Asian women are most attracted to white men. WMAF is the true love
posts proof
but muh general
wants u to post proof instead of just looking at threads at catalogs
lol mayocel
Clearly not. The number of Korean women marrying foreigners has been drastically and continually plummeting since 2005. 
Koreans view foreigners as trash.
they need to round up all asians as a whole to cope.
they know korean men are out here destroying all their women with our BKC.
all the stats back it up.
pay the mayocel no mind.
Koreans regularly hold mass protests saying FOREIGNERS OUT because they are sick of gross western drunken slobs trashing the city.
Whites are seen as niggers in Korea. 
Foreign guys are seen as cringe and desperate and Pajeet tier rapey. Most foreign girls too, unless they are hot.
I'm korean and I have a 4.5" (hard) dick.
He posts proof that generals exist so therefore that somehow proves he isn't samefagging 
Wants me to go on a snipe hunt for non-existent proof instead of providing this, apparently self evident, proof
Those amerimutt military cucks got kicked out of the main city couple years back because everyone was sick of their shit.
They all got moved out to the country side and can't go anywhere JFL.
This forum is so fucking retarded.
These are the threads that get replies.
I bet you don't even see how absolutely batshit retarded you've become yourselves.
I hope you all die. Clearly you will all die out but not fast enough. Sage and eat shit and die useless fucking subhuman scum.
t.coping mayolet
Being seen with a foreigner is a death sentence in Korea. The only white guys you see with Asian girls in Korea are American tourists with their fat Flip gfs, not even joking.
sharing your microbiome with americans and becoming obese because of it 
Sad.
sorry for being cringe, korean oppas ;_;
you are just too handsome it makes me act like a fool
Picrel is a typical white poster on r9k.
Why do we never see r9koreans?
You know why.
lmao the cope from mayocels are out of control
KEK
Koreans dont even want YT womyn though.
this mental illness is between YTs
he doesnt post his physique
No problem. Here's another white r9k poster. 2-0 so far. Will we ever see an r9korean? I doubt it. 
You know why.
absolute cringe tier post JFL
posts a frog but no physique
I save all of the hot bodies from r9k. They are all white. Not one single r9korean. I wonder why? 
You know why.
So how short and slant eyed does OP need to be to make these same threads daily?
cope more whitey
When will we see one of these supermog r9koreans? Why is it all whites?
You know why.
Oh, that's 4 without reply. Not that I'm keeping count or anything.
narrow shoulders
narrow rib cage
small frame
overtaken by "muscle" suggesting that puny size is a s big as he can get
Is this the state of white men lol
When coping goes wrong lol
 American tourists with their fat Flip gfs
Or korean girls who don't fit the local beauty standards. Really don't understand why white guys think dating asian women is a win when all they can get are either plain jane nerds or women who aren't attractive by any standard in the world.
Even if you don't care about kpop or south korea, you have to admit that korean guys usually get pretty hot white/latina/mena/black women, often even hotter than themselves, whereas white guys don't have the same success with east asian women.
I've never seen an attractive kpop-looking korean woman with a white boyfriend on social media, let alone in real life. They all seem to be dating korean men.
it's always funny when the person criticizing doesnt post their body. tells you all you need to know really
Generally most racemixer women are ones who get rejected by their own men. The exception is hot white girls who go to Korea.
cope
Race mixing women find other skin colored men attractive, but white girls mix with asians more than any other race because white women love Asian men
i'm nta, anon. i do find it impressive and i do find it telling that people who deny it is impressive """have nothing to prove""". what a co-inky-dink.
deny impressive
Lol you don't have to deny that, THAT is not impressive samefag lol you don't even look like you're out if high-school with your shitty soft physique, again if you're going to post up bragging at least look the part
slant eyed
Again; None of these people are Asian, they are absolutely terrified of posting even an image of their hands, let alone a pic of the physique. If they posted an image their entire larp would immediately fall apart.
Asian cock will always beat out white cock.
cope mayocel.
im korean as can be and i live in korea.
english is my 4th language.
he still doesn't post his physique after deleting his previous post
Keep replying, keep denying and keep ducking. I'm here to see impressive physiques and so far, every well muscled robot has been white.
You know why. It's the same reason you deleted your post.
Why are asians muh diccc posting lately? BBC spam got stale?
Lol, that ain't no pic of an asian guy. How sad lol.
Lol, asian boys fly to Western countries then whine about White men emasculating them because we have sex with the women who are also on the flight and very excited to go to a western country. 
Asian boys in the west have made whole subreddits because of their racial angst against White men and their success with Asian women. Including this thread lol.
Only asians on internet say that White people only date southeast asians, definitely wouldn't be saying that if they went outside.
Wth is with this asian racebaiting these last few months?
people finally stopping biting the bait of BBC threads so the troll found another one to use.
What a delusion lol. No evidence, unlike the evidence of Asian women flocking to the west for White men.
I am sure you know what young girls are into you weird loli asian male lol.
Funny, asian bois are in here saying 'young girls want us!', 'they want our 40 year old pubpescent boyish looks'.
Man, now we know why they invented loli. Those weirdos are obsessed with the underaged.
I'm sporting 7+ inches
maybe there's some sort of unclear variable that's forcing me to become a sexless outlier, but I don't get laid that often
men honestly care more about dicksize than women do, which is weird because it's not directly proportional to how much a woman enjoys sex
8 inches is like the max a lot of women would want to take or even can take (especially the virgins r9k dreams about)
Having a big dick doesn't give you an advantage because women won't know your dick size until they're already about to have sex with you
You cannot open with "hey, I have a huge dick" unless you're already attractive because most women would not want to hear that from a stranger--or even someone they've been a single date with (assuming they don't already want to hook up with)
It's a catch 22, where the only way you're going to have sex is if you were already going to have sex
Is this woman about to see that you have a big dick?
No -- > The only reason she's seeing your dick consensually is because she already wants to have sex with you
Yes -- > Good for her, but she was already going to have sex with you
The outlier is a micropenis, less than 3 inches and you actually royally fucked
Lol, in your dreams ching chong.
Has to more so do with the declining demographics of Western men entering age for marrying and Korean women . Basically less young people for both groups so less chance of marriage.
Asian women still display great attraction to Western men, when those age appropriate western men are around them.
no evidence
Now show the opposite of Korean women wanting Whites and flocking to meet White guys.
Inb4 seamonkey and china pics
aren't white likes uhhh stereotyped as the most likely group to be pedophiles by a LARGE margin jfl the projecting is cute
They try so hard, but end up coming short everytime.
It is interesting:
K boy in west
incel, mogged by bigger and more handsome whitie
BUT
some white women are kpop fetishists and will do anything to date korean dudes
These are contradicting yet both are true.
He says as the US runs the worlds largest pedophile network in the world to satiate the lust of saudi oil princes to back the dollar hegemony
coming up short
lol see picrel and...
the natural fascination white women have to asian men
lol lmao
Lol, a clickbait article with no substance, why are asians trying to force a narrative that doesn't exist so bad? 
Want to get back at White men for what you guys view as stealing your women? Actually try to develop some sex appeal. Get away from the half boyish half alien looks you guys got, the eye surgery is a start, but you guys need to go further than that. Turn yourselves into men, get away from the anime and loli and you will do alright.
You didn't show a chart showing the demographics of foreigners for a reason. Those are mostly women from other asian countries.
Lets say though that all those were western women of european descent, and they all wanted to came to have sex with the men there lol.
Still doesn't come close to the numbers of how many foreign women come to western countries. There are different levels to this, you know this inside.
You cling to korea to save all of you, but korea isn't putting up big numbers in comparison to western countries.
No one cares about dic size irl
Get gud at eating pussy and being a faithful lover
aren't white likes uhhh stereotyped as the most likely group to be pedophiles by a LARGE margin jfl the projecting is cute
No, everyone knows in western countries that on the downlow that black/brown immigrants run a underaged pimp culture full of pedophilia, but wokeness has prevented us from going after them in an efficient way. Then you got the asians and the loli.
Also, korean men are the ones who visit other asian countries the most for protitution, and we both know reading between the lines that prostitution in asian countries is also most likely to include child p.
Declining demographics of Western men
absolute cope jfl.
Korean men marry out more to White horses 
yet their age is also increasing.
Mayos have been mind broken so many times the mental gymnastics they go through is cute.
pic rel
also another coupler watching thread.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72768208/#72768208
U can deny the reality all u want.. All statistic points too it. U can only cope so long with SEAmonkeys anon.
Heres ur "foreigners demographics"
mayocels completely mind broken shattered lololol
so many evidence yet they keep holding onto SEA porno KEK
It's weird for them to cling to Korea to save their image as well because one of the primary things Asians hate about their image is being stereotyped as effeminate, docile, robotic, lacking in charisma etc. These K-pop boys are the perfect embodiment of the effeminate Asian image. And yeah, there are obviously some white women who fetishize the kpop image but they always ignore how the main kpop fetishists are 1) other asians themselves, 2) unattractive black women on the fringes of the dating market (this is a huge part of their market that they never talk about) and 3) indians and pakistanis lol
I like how you just lay out what these gook boys can do to change their image. It is so direct and honest but these fools would rather raid an incel board on 4chan of all places to "get back at whitey"
I don't know why you Mayocels keep clinging onto this idea we "Asians" care about each other and that we care about Asia image.
We're Koreans. We only care about Koreans you retarded mutt fuck lmao.
I dont give a fuck about Chinks or SEAmonkeys.
They are obviously both manlets. I would still venture to say the white guy will be more successful
I don't give a fuck about Chinks or SEAmonkeys
That's cool. It's wild bc no one here gives a fuck about your "Korean" distinction. You keep doubling down on it as though it matters.. as though you're viewed any different to other Asian manlets when foreign men come to your country. As though, even on this website, your Korean distinction means anything. It doesn't. We don't care. Gooks are gooks. 
Your mind has rotted so much from the pain of being celibate that you think we classify you guys differently when we fuck your bitches. We don't.
White men are more handsome, but there's a niche for Korean dudes. These aren't contradictory statement.
He ignores the pics right above
I wish a mayocel would come here to get mogged to oblivion
When his mind shattered JFL
Foreign men come to your country
bro, nobody cares if white guys come here.
This isn't America. Its not the same dynamics. AMWF literally outpaces WMAF by 2-3x amount. Everyone says it and go watch Korean walkthrough videos and start counting little guy.
You are the pajeet in Korea. You don't seem to understand this lamo.
No one cares about your screen caps, brother. Let's just keep it 100 here.. I'm not one of you. If there are fetishist white women who fly to Korea for some action then by all means more power to them. People are free to do as they please. If Korean men are gaining some cultural soft power through their entertainment industry, then I'm happy for them. None of this changes what you are. It doesn't make you more attractive, m8. It isn't going to suddenly make you lose your virginity. 
And more importantly than all that.. I don't NEED to post any screen caps back at you in order to support any point I make. You and I both know asian girls are easy pickings for even the most bottom tier white boys.
No cope, pic is the evidence.
Less young adults, less new marriages. Pretty simple.
Also, the data in your reddit pic doesn't follow what you are saying. The guy that is being quoted is implied that the data he has is wrong, the replyer makes corrections on chinese marriage data, doesn't follow up on any of the other demographic data and probably for good reason. I am going to guess that pic is from one of those 'asian masculinity' subreddits correct?
Those guys have been looking for a win for a long time, but there are no shortcuts in winning.
Also, one last thing, keep in mind that russia is a multiethnic multiracial empire, there are many east asians in eastern russia, if those types get married to koreans then it will show up as russian-korean marriage. If only russia shows up in a big way in the data, but no actual western country full of people of european descent does, then that is most likely why.
They are too frightened of us. This is what I say to any mayocel:
https://vocaroo.com/13lCeYLrnooO
muh russia is asian cope
muh young adult less data cope
why are whiteoids like this?
all u need to do is step into korea and mog everyone then Chad. 
Theirs a reason why they tell u too SEAmaxx and avoid Korea little guy.
You don't have to care. That's the thing man, the guys who are actually running through your girls don't care what you have to say. 
go watch Korean walkthrough videos
LMAO this is the point I'm trying to make.. your enemies are not on here or on youtube watching walkthrough videos like little faggots. They're dating the girls you want... they're fucking the girls you want.. they're entering your countries and they don't give a fuck what you think about it. Whether you're indifferent to it or not, there are a shit ton of expats in Asia, many of them young white men teaching English or some other shit. You just made yourself sound like a mega faggot when you said to go watch a Korea walkthrough video. This is what your life has been reduced to. Living vicariously through others.
These threads are very autistic, do asians really feel this way? I knew they were already anti-black. As a black person, i don't even interact or acknowledge asian people unless i'm ordering grubhub.
Why do mayocels keep coping?
I guess Koreans just call White girls White horses for no reason huh?
Mayolets really trying their hardest to cope about the realities.
There's a crazy increase in online content discussing asians in the dating market so it seems like a lot of these males are conscious of what's going on but the vitriol you're seeing over and over on r9k is probably a handful of the same lads who are dealing with it in an unhealthy way.
They don't say that at all except for budget reasons lol. Southeast asia is cheap for vacation, east asain countries are not. 
The replyer in your reddit screen cap didn't follow up on any russian data anyway so it doesn't matter or any other data for that matter. Why would that be? Also, why only chinese and russian data specifically?
Also, if the guy who first quoted data was wrong with some of his data, then there is a chance that he is wrong about most of what he says correct?
Unfortunately that screencap proves nothing.
I just finished saying your enemies are not watching youtube videos and living vicariously through others like little faggots and yet you post a screen cap doing just that lmfao. It's over for you guys man
Koreans call White girls, White horses because they're seen as very easy and they are.
Alot of one night stands occur in Korea.
Lmao, they are fuming about the realities, but its all good.
Muh aging consenting adult JFL
You saved this image to this computer, or worse yet, made it yourself. Then you posted it with a strange diatribe. You need to stop.
no we dont. and stop ruining Deftones with your fetish
i hope humans figure out how to bring robot gfs to the mainstream because this thread is the perfect example of what happens when you dont have intimacy or a deep connection with the opposite sex.
46 posters
241 replies
you guys are sick in the head. my asian friends are cool irl i had no idea some of you are this mind fucked
Asina guys have a hard time getting romance in the most sexually open places on earth(western countries) , and whine to White men about it, so I sincerely doubt that koreans are players getting much of anything lol even in their own countries lol.
I guess Koreans just call White girls White horses for no reason huh?
There is no data backing it, just a forced narrative by asains looking to 'get back' at White men for marrying asian women who travel to their own countries.
On the other hand, there is tons of statistically data on why WMAF in the west is high, why WMLF in america is high, and why asian males have a hard time romantically in the west.
azns didnt make this thread, its your YT womyn. azn guys dont date non-azns.
forced narrative
Anon i suggest you type AMWF in any social media platform and report back too me what 95%+ of what ethnicity the Asian man and what country hes located in.
Maybe you shouldn't i don't want to break ur soul
WMAF is high
Bro, you marrying SEA monkeys from third world countries is a laugh. They aren't Korean. We don't care LMAO. Copium overload keeps trying to push pajeets and SEAs as Koreans is cute.
Their subreddits are full of threads discussing how their subsect of incel asian males can work together to strike back at whitey for the "hollywood" psyop that makes people see them as less desirable and like clockwork, they all cling to kpop as a means of fighting back.
YTs are seriously so dumb, they fetish post all day but dont realize its their womyn doing the same, not us azns.
race mixing is undesireable.
subreddit
kek
You are some funny shit stormy.
Why is every single AMWF on social media a Korean guy?
Mayocels keep breathing in the copium.
why would azn guys care about non-azn Women? use your brain, YTs are delusional about their desireability.
Subhuman chink here
There is no improvement to be made, only option is kys.
bro there is tons of content going both ways when it comes to this interracial thing between whites and asians, your screen caps aren't proving anything. No one disputes that Koreans are highly desirable among the Asian countries. What you copers do is come here and posture like you're cleaning house when you and I both know the opposite is the reality.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkBeXvNCQ-o [Embed]
this entire youtube channel is korean bitches being asked questions about dating white guys and having white guys placed in front of them where they swoon again and again and again. this is the internet. you will find every single combination and permutation in the world on the internet. How does that affect your virgin status though? Have you fucked a bitch ever?
Whoever said Korean women dont date White men? Ofc they do. But im saying KMWF is 2-3x the rate in Korea of WMKF.
Its the reality.
Lol ok m8
not really, its pretty rare.
Stormy YWNBK
stop larping as one
Yet korean males are elliot tier incels in the west. I went to caltech and had endless incel gook friends. Good lads but massively aspie
sure you did brad sure you did
not larping. imagine coping this hard
racemixing is a YT fetish. YTs always talk about it. i dont care about YT womyn.
YTs of both genders are constantly obsessing over azns. its just bizarre
Dawg that's just not even true. I'm been to Seoul, been to Hongdae, partied in Itaewon numerous times and the rate that I see these people together are about the same. In fact, if anything I saw more groups of foreigners together without any Koreans, galivanting and partying through the city amongst each other. 
But let's say your version is the reality.. just for the hypothetical. So what? How does that affect your virgin status? Have you ever fucked a bitch? What are the implications of your version of reality? That Koreans are just as desirable if not more desirable than white men? That WMAF isn't happening all over the world? At the end of the day, what is your cope?
Been to Seoul
Keep coping incel you never left ur parents basement
wmaf is a meme
Checked. Also lol this guy been to Seoul and Stormy hasn't.
That's a hard cope and you know it. I've travelled all over Asia as my college mates took up jobs in Shanghai, Seoul, and Bangkok. 
Stop responding like an NPC pussy boy. Have you ever fucked a bitch?
you're just a yellow-fevered YT boi
I traveled all ova duh world and fucked many bisches!
me no incel u incel but i post r9k!
why are mayocels like this?
On the internet, WMBF gets more views on tiktok and youtube. Why?
Because of the black women who think that content is interesting, this further incentivizes those types of couples to post more content because of how many views it garners. AMWF is the same with asian males giving those vids huge viewcounts, further incentivizing the creation of those vids.
But just like WMBF is not as close as BMWF, AMWF is not even close to WMAF. 
Also, white White men enjoy the beauty and vibrant personalities of Southeast asain women, we also enjoy the beauty and personalities of East asian women.
The data here in this article for instance states that White men enjoy many varieites of asian women.
Fundamental takeaways from this data shows a similar high pattern of marriage to white-males across several different Asian ethnicities among Asian women (marked in orange). From the lowest ( 37% Chinese females to 57.7% in Korean females) the out marriage rate is in all cases , above that of the respective male counterparts.
YTs are fucking poison.
Lmfao walk through cali or vancouver you retard or any starbucks in the west
you disgusting racemixing filth
Here is the article for those interested.
https://medium.com/a-m-awaken-your-inner-asian/an-executive-summary-on-the-intermarriage-in-the-asian-community-5852043e684a
I said nothing about sex lmfao come on man stop squirming. I've had the same gf since high school and will be creating a family with her. I have indeed been all over Asia though so I know what I'm saying is legit about dating demographics in Seoul.
Engage with the actual topic. Have you ever fucked a bitch? (Asked this 4 times now with no response)
someone already did but you mayocels ignored the thread cause it would shatter ur reality.
Thanks for mentioning that whiteoid.
Like we been saying White guys date SEAmonkeys.
Everyone else are dating out to White girls at a higher rate after population control.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72978416/#72978416
been to Cali lots, didnt see a single meme couple. you're just sick in the head.
he links a medium article 
not even clicking JFL
nobody likes YTs, quit smelling your own shit.
The medium article is just well summarized information. Every single legitimate source is linked right at the bottom. I just read it from top to bottom and it btfo of every single claim that Asian "males" have made itt. Read it or fuck off bc if you don't read it then I know you're willingly ignoring your harsh realities to continue with this racial rage bullshit. Tired of you gook copers man
you're the coper, YT fag. these trolls arent even azn, they are your YT womyn.
Like we been saying White guys date SEAmonkeys.
I see that east asian men look down on southeast asian women quite a bit in real life and on the internet, but just because White men enjoy those women doesn't mean they also don't enjoy other varieties of women. White men date east asain women just as much as southeast asian women. 
Heck, taking a glance atamerican interracial data that White men marry east asain women(especially korean women) at higher rates than southeast asian women.
no they dont. you're just obsessed with racemixing because you're a YT
The SEAmonkey thing is a cope. Pic rel is a "SEAmonkey" and she's beautiful. My gf's parents are literally WMAF and her mother is Korean-American. These people are the most diligent copers when it comes to the dating market.
article claims korean women date out 57% of the time
looks at citation
asianamericanmarriage
i already know the site(because ive been too it)
link doesnt work in citation
find site that study was concluded nearly 45+ years ago
are u we serious anon?
lol why did i even open this medium study
Its not the reality bucko.
I dont know why you cope this hard, but linking a medium article with a citation that doesnt even work from 45+ years ago. Is quite hilarios of you.
True that man lol.
Seriously, some of them are very beautiful. Never understood the hate.
that guy is a porn producer. you are one fucked YT kid
There are apparently at least 4 Koreans ITT. The average erect penis for a Korean man is 4.5 inches long.
How many of the Koreans ITT can prove their penis is longer than 4.5 inches?
How many replies will we get from Koreans WITHOUT any proof their penis is longer than 4.5 inches?
These are the real questions.
The pew research links work and demonstrate exactly that, anon.
cus youre an idiot that cant detect your fellow YTs spewing lies
(((pew)))
cope, race mixer. YTs are 100% obsessed with race mixing
They're looked down on by mainland elitists because their countries are gutter trash and their people are typically super dark. I don't get the hate either, especially because a lot of mainland asians are ugly as sin
real question is half of europe is smaller then korean
type "average penis country" click any link 
idk why u guys cope this hard.
pew research doesnt mention korean literally groups up all asians
try again bucko
the asianstatistcmarriage is the citation for the korean marriage rates which was conducted 45+ years ago.
well 39 years ago kek
mang these mayocels will not stop coping.
Im very well informed by Korean statistics.
These mayocels trying to gaslight me and bring out retard information makes me lol.
Really trying to use an article with a citation that didn't even work and the only one that exist comes from a 39 year old study is hilarious.
Literal multiple generations ago and when South Korea was dogshit poor.
Just accept ur fate. JBK is law.
too shook to defend his country's honor
you have no budo, small pp-kun
1980 is not that far away, not much has changed since then honestly. I posted that one because that specific study had the specific ethnic groups within races. Other studys don't have that when it comes to marriage, though we do have some for attraction rates that are more modern but even then the korean women on their rate White men highly in those studies.
Judging by the female asian outmarriage rate in america in 2015, and that a good 50 percent of the asian population is america is east asians, many east asian women are catching the eyes of White men. If it were not for hispanic women also doing a good job of that, the out marriage rates for asian women would probably be even higher.
look at this YT kid acting proud of race mixing. YTs are a joke
Korea was not dog shit poor in the late 80s and by the 90s the cultural soft power gained from the "korean wave" of entertainment was very obvious and apparent. This brand of faggoty BTS-tier kpop groups is just the latest thing in a long line of established acts. In other words, Koreans have been "cool" for quite a while now and yet still, white men have around a 50% intermarriage rate with Korean women. L-O-fucking-L
1980 is not far away not much has changed
60 years ago Korea was poorer than all of sub sahara africa
lol low iq burgers. i feel bad for these guys grasping at straws
lol tired of these mayocels keep gaslighting me
bruv, from 1965 to 1990 korea experienced some of the most rapid economic growth in the country's history. you have no idea what you're talking about
These people are stupid and cape for nations they know nothing about. There is more poverty in s. Korea today than there was in the late 90s.
they keep jumping from one thing to another after u keep bringing up actual evidence to counter their points.
its quite hilarious to read.
1986 average salary $386
very rapid. i dont think u have any idea what u are talking about psycho.
60 years ago Korea was poorer than all of sub sahara africa
What does this have to do with interracial dating in the west?
is this kid retarded?
he thinks economic status doesnt come into play in dating jfl
theirs a reason why seamonkeys settle for whitecels anon.
and a reason why incels go "SEAMAXXing'
u kids are full of copium arent ya?
they keep jumping from one thing to another after u keep bringing up actual evidence to counter their points.
New data shows that the interracial marriage rate for asian women is largely the same as in the 80s. More than double that of asian guys. What is the confusion here?
look at muh korean statistics!
40 year old study
look at muh asian study !!! SEeEE!!!
lol gaslighting copers bruh.
never trust a whitey.
Samefagging trying to race bait by bragging about being able to pull women who literally fuck dogs
kek
we aren't pulling them anon.
they keep coming to our country wanting to fuck us.
who are we to deny them?
based
nobody wants YTs, its YTs spamming it.
low iq post as all hell.
do you think girls from SEA are dating you cause they think you are handsome anon?
he thinks economic status doesnt come into play in dating jfl
Over other things? Not in the west. People in the west certainly are more likely to interact with people among their own economic bracket, but having money doesn't mean you will attract women. Otherwise, asian men would be doing fine with women and there would be no accusations of emasculation by White men from Asian men.
Imagine, if money was the biggest reason why a man is able to attract a woman, none of these ridiculous threads from asian guys would be made, the asian manosphere developed because of wmaf wouldn't exist, and you all would be able to go on about your day and live happier lives.
Not in the west
Anon im sorry to tell you thats because you are a poor pajeet low tier incel.
Money def comes into play even in the West. Its just you need a greater abundance too it. Thats why Mayocels like yourself travel to East Europe, Latin America, or SouthEast Asia to use those shit resources u have in third world countries to gain u more oppurtunity with the opposite sex.
Stop coping my guy.
They don't love you cause they think you look like Brad Pitt, Chad.
These people are stupid and cape for nations they know nothing about. There is more poverty in s. Korea today than there was in the late 90s.
There will be an increasing amount of poverty in the future. The demographic data shows that south korea with the help of economic liberation from the west has peaked too early. Western buyers doing business with large korean conglomerates such as Samsung is going to be what they will mainly be relying on to keep their head above water, but how long can you rely on something like that?
AMWF marriage rate declined last year
&lt;WMAF marriage rate went up 
what happened? I thought asian men were taking over?
increasing in poverty
literally 0 homeless in Korea
while back in Amerimutt land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTZsJNj3sIE [Embed]
It went down and up bro
heres my sources : trust me bro
and again not Korean... dont care about group up Asians jfl
In the western world, yes. When the two people are in the same socio economic class, have the same opportunities, then yes it is because of looks and/or personality. I'm going to 3 weddings this year, in July it'll be polish male flip female, in august it'll be pajeet male, chinese female, and in october it'll be italian male korean female. All of them born and raised in Canada
Money def comes into play even in the West.
Never said it doesn't come into play, reread my response. Asian males are doing as well now in interracial dating in the west as they did back then. If it was such a big deal though, then asian males would be doing fine in the west would they not? Instead, they are always rated as one of last options for women of almost every race in america. Money doesn't change the nature of a man romantically.
uh huh sure u are incel sure u are.
ive stated this about 1k times. ill say it again for u brainlets.
95% of all amwf relationship is korean men.
we date all ur women. im sorry to tell u this bro.
its just the reality.
95% of all amwf relationship is korean men.
What country?
You are not the Latvian monkey ?
white women love korean men
all amwf is korean men only jfl
makes them seethe so hard its hilarious.
a group of men with a population of 30 million are doing all the interracial dating with white girls.
Literally this. I've heard so many copes from Asians of all ethnicities as to why wmaf happens so much but all I see at university is Asian people who are wayyyyyyyyyy richer than I might ever be. I read statistics that say all the doctors and engineers are Asians, all the highest earning households are Asian, etc etc etc. If economics played such a role, these faggoty little rice cels wouldn't be making these threads because their money would do all the talking for them.
There's a reason Asians feel emasculated in the west and it has nothing to do with the women leaning into better economic situations. They have more money than the whites. This is the core issue with all gooks, Koreans or otherwise. You guys are not as handsome as white men. Even bottom tier white men have a depth and structure to their face that your best looking males lack. At the core of it all, there is a sense of inferiority because Asian males feel as though they're not perceived as being as attractive as white men. Simple as.
mayocel yip yap coping about "Asians" when it fits his narrative and then likes to point out "Koreans" when it fits his narrative.
its over for u mayocels JFL
Korean men taking all ur women and u cant do nothing about it
korean
ok lets focus on korea. can you tell me why korean men like SEA women so much?
we dont we use them as blowup dolls and quietly move along.
u parade them as ur girlfriend in thailand to cope.
big diffference
It's not hard to put 2 and 2 together and see that things have largely stayed the same. It is the nature of the men of various races regardless of their economic status that determine how well they do with women. 
Most east asians in america are middle income, most White people in america are middle income. 
WMAF marriages are more than double AMWF, supposedly cohabitation of White men and Asian women is the same as AMAF couples. That means there are almost as many White men and Asian women living together(some married, some not) as Asian men and women are.
Money doesn't matter in the west as much as asians think it does.
why do you marry them so much?
I did you a favour by including your distinction. You're all Asians at the end of the day. My buds are marrying a flip, a chink, and a korean and they may view them differently but I see all 3 of them as the same blob of people.
You're up and down this thread accusing people of coping, accusing people of lying, etc, but then you revert to your default cope without addressing any of the subject matter. Have you ever fucked a bitch?
Money does matter anon, but so does social status and perception due to media influence. Again you are bringin up "Asians" too fit ur narrative. Im going to stop responding now cause u keep flip flopping from Koreans to Asians when it fits ur narrative.
The reality hurts you too much my guy.
all amwf is korean men only jfl
All amwf? Are you impling globally? Most likely not the case. Unless there is actual statistical evidence of such.
Already posted in this thread above.
Majority of Korean men who interracial marriage is either with Chinese or Russian women then 3rd is Americans.
Scroll up and find it mayocel. I have to run now cheerio incels.
my guy
stop talking like a nigger. be your own man, pussy boy.
media influence
Hollywood didn't convince the world that Asian males aren't sexy or whatever. You guys are genuinely less attractive than whites, blacks, indians, arabs, etc. You have some good looking people in your communities, as does everyone else, but in a competitive dating market, the only two groups I see going head to head for supremacy are whites and blacks
majority is china and vietnam>>73007518
yea sure thing buddy
good bye!
Get to the main point of your copes. Is it that Koreans are the most desirable men in the world? If Hollywood didn't exist, would Koreans be on the top of everyone's list?
white is like half an inch smaller but just about
whites and blacks go head to head
every statistic shows black being the least attractive and single
are u a nigger? also NTA
Actually statically white men are the ones who lead being partnerless the 80/20 rule mostly applies to them, if a black man is single he is at least sexually active which is much more than I can say for the typical white incel.
Whites are embarrassing you littleraly try to convince the world that 80 percent of men aren't having sex and other races of men just stare at you awkwardly like. "Bruuh."
Money does matter anon, but so does social status and perception due to media influence.
Based on all observable evidence, statistical and anecdotal - in the economically and sexually liberalized west, other things in a partner matter more. What you put in front of a women(yourself) matters much more than any amount of media prestige and truthfully for the past 20 years White men have been getting attacked by mainstream globalist media(because White men are a threat to globalists) and have been made out to always be the bad guy. Always at fault for someone elses short comings.
So much that we are now seeing some very weird things. Such as misled asian women blaming White men for black people attacking asian people in america in such high numbers and then upon closer inspection are revelead to be dating and having sex with White men. 
Or latinas who are dating White men saying they are 'colonizing' the evil White man
by making sure he gives interracial mixed brown babies, or asian women saying they are helping to make White men extinct by procreating with White men and making them have mixed hapa babies with them.
There is a study last year that showed that the self reported survey answers of sexual hookups by various races of colleged aged kids. One big glaring thing people took away from that survey was the huge correlation of college hookups between White guys and Asian/Latina women. The less White guys in a college, the less asian/latinas women reported hooking up, the more White guys, the more they reported hooking up.
What are the biggest and some of the biggest interacial marriages in america? WMLF and WMAF.
Media can't changed the instincts of a woman. When you put a guy in front of a woman and she is attracted to him and wants him to ask her out, if he is part of a group maligned by the media, all she does is rationalize her decision in various ways. The more extreme ways are the ones I mentioned earlier.
Money doesn't change romantic interest influenced by instincts, neither does media.
I already told you why that reddit post of yours isn't sufficient.
why did they photoshop the asian guys face lol ?
Most WMAF couples are 40+
Asian women under 35 have the lowest rate of marrying white guys. 45+ asian women have the highest rate of marrying white guys. 
White guy are unironically wifeing hags
you can't make this shit up.
mayocels writing full novels in this thread about how women prefer white men and a fembot just posted with a kpop wallpaper triggering mayocels to obliviion
KEK, how many times will the mayos get BTFO.... holy shit its so funny lololol
cause so many white girls have defended korean guys here via voice/hand pics and now this HAHAHAHAH
Marriage is much lower among the younger age groups for all races in america. 
Most people married in america are 40 plus.
349 replies
57 posters
hundreds of post from a r/asianmasculinity mod pulling statistics out of his ass
defending wifeing up 45+ hags
Gross but you do you buddy.
He's pretending to be a girl on 4chan
Jesus dude c'mon.
hand pics
None of them have posted a pic with timestamp, cool lie though.
now go look at all the 450+ replies general threads and report back on how many posters they have. we will be waiting.
here you go incel
All we have seen are asian males claiming things and only able to provide reddit posts as evidence, those reddit posts are not able to prove anything and even go against what the asian guy says. Then they act bratty and say that interracial dating doesn't matter anyway and that it is actually disgusting. 
White men haven't been convinced by anything asian men have been able to provide for their narrative they are trying to force, because of how little empirical value it actually has.
Tranny
No pic
No pic
Lmao
I will post nudes one day holding a sign saying Korean men only. I wanna see the chimpout lol.
literal vocaroos in the pic JFL
hes gonna say tranny to cope again.
its hilarious I LOVE IT.
I can't believe I have to explain this, but marriage is happening at a later age for people of earlier generations. There are more and more men waiting until they are in their late 30s to marry a women of similar age. That is why most couples in general are 40 plus at the moment.
No one could possibly fake a vocaroo
You know people who aren't white have voices to, right? Until you provide proof of your race and sex you are not what you say you are. Hand pic to prove race, physique pic to prove sex. All of the "white girls" you're talking about have done neither. Of all the deranged larps that have graced this boards this one is by far the most schizophrenic, especially considering that you've been doing this for three weeks straight day and night.
I will post nudes one day holding a sign saying Korean men only. I wanna see the chimpout lol.
Sounds like troll posters doing things for the 'lols'.
still defending marrying hags
Dude, old powdery pussies might be your fetish, but you arent normal.
its okay anon we know u have to keep up with the mental gymnastics so it doesn't utterly break u.
chin up buddy. this korean wave couldn't last any longer could it?
At least you admit why you do it in the first place lol.
im a white girl and i will only take korean dick. my holes are reserved for korean guys only.
White guys tend to like asian girls of all ages. Any asian guy that goes to a college in america has seen that ;).
The only thing that's broken is my faith in people as a whole, the idea that there are people willing to waste weeks of their lives larping without even having the decency to go all in is painful. The fact that you're unequivocally not Asian is the worst part.
ur right im not asian.
im korean and i live in korea.
this is my 4th language, problem?
Well earlier you admitted you are just saying it for the lols, but if there is even a shred of you that actually wants to be romanced by these guys who refer to you as 'white horses' then be my guest lol.
wrong tagerino
that wasnt me. i wouldnt mind getting ridden by a korean jockey.
Sure thing buddy, hahaha.
im a girl but whatever helps you sleep at night incel
post a vocaroo or fake
https://vocaroo.com/1j9quG7GwhND
whiteboys BTFO by femanons AGAIN
Holy shit whitebros when are you gonna realize your own women hate you kek
Bro, you have to talk louder than that, talk normal. Most people will think you are a transgender whispering into the mic trying to take the masculine edge out of your voice.
Its over whitebro. Your own women hate you and want you dead. Kek. Just give it up already and go collect your 3/10 fat SEA monkey.
everytime a fembot posts
its a tranny
everytime to cope
multiple hands and vocaroos by white femanons expressing their love for korean men
zero femanons come out in support of white guys except one fat whale
KEEEEEK. I love you fembots.
Lol, you wish, then maybe you wouldn't feel so 'emasculated' by White men.
Yeah well look at how disgustingly ugly inside and out the white guys who browse here are. Everyone can smell their insecurity and small dick energy a mile off. No wonder their women disown them.
'emasculated'
kek ur women hate u, ur women travel by the millions to korea every year.... they either date us or tyrone.
keep coping the only emasculated one is u in 2023.
What did he say then? Whispered so quietly so that no one would know it was a guy lol.
whiteboy kvetching 
Did you pick up your 3/10 Flip single mom yet bro? Your women love us btw. Lmao.
Another vocaroo from a "white girl" not accompanied by a physique pic with timestamp
I have never seen a poster more desperate for validation in my life, there still is and always will be zero proof that any of these posters are white girls.
korean guys are hot, have sex incel
Are you deaf? Turn your speaker up hon.
their white skin and european accents arent enough to prove they are white
Boy, the whiteboy derangement syndrome is just sad at this point kek. Your women love us. Accept it and move on bro, for your sanitys sake.
literal hand pic
its a tranny
literal voice
its a old recording
gives timestamps
not showing her face so i can dox her
kek, the mayocopes
kek ur women hate u, ur women travel by the millions to korea every year.... they either date us or tyrone.
You guys are pathetic lol. Your statistical evidence is pathetic for the lack of empirical evidence it has, nothing shows 'millions' of women of european descent traveling to korea, the opposite is shown though with east asian women traveling to western countries.
And because of your utter lack of evidence of what you are saying, you rely on what exactly? A 4 second unintelligible vocaroo that could be as likely be a women as a man? Look at what you resign yourself to.
You boys have utterly nothing empirical. Also, that person admitted to just saying shit to troll people. He/she doesn't mean anything he/she is saying lol.
