men on here 
so why exactly do u guys all whine about wanting a girlfriend? 99% of you would treat your gfs very poorly
men on here
hmmm i wonder how this group of people could ever want girlfriends or feel lonely. Retard
Hence why people here do not deserve sympathy
who in their right fucking mind would want a "practice gf", when I ask a girl out it's because I enjoy spending time with her and could imagine doing it until the day I die
Did that happen to you? Cry about it faggot. Still gonna fuck fat girls and gaslight them into thinking I like them then ghost them. Fuckyou.
This is bait but I'm going to respond as if it isn't;
I actually cannot believe we still have these threads, the only people getting "gfs" off this board are normalfags larping as robots, ACTUAL ROBOTS DON'T GET GFs, e-dating or otherwise. You are seething over the actions of normies and projecting it onto robots. If you're this fucking stupid you deserve to get treated like shit.
I don't believe in "practice" relationships. A person should be with a person they connect with physically, emotionally, and mentally. If you can "practice" relationship elements that are easily interchangeable then you're just leaning how to disassociate people from their individual qualities. A relationship shouldn't need general practice and experience to be successful, it in theory means they don't love one another enough.
I'm extremely emotional available. I find the idea of being supportive of a woman's problems and providing her with an outlet for stress relief so she can deal with those problems on her own (while still knowing she can ask me for help if she's not simply trying to find an easy way to do something) very romantic and appealing. 
I'm not desperate and my standards are that a woman should be equally intelligent, emotionally intelligent and empathetic, and physically durable as i am
Listen here, just because I have low standards and am desperate, doesn't mean I would treat my gf poorly. If anything, it's the opposite. I treated my short, fat, insane gf very well. I always told her how beautiful she was to me(I wasn't even lying because I loved her), took her on cute dates, always listened to her when she told me about her day, would always comfort her when she was upset. I did my very best to be a good bf.
if u had even decent reading comprehension, the only part of my post mentioning getting a girlfriend is: 
most of you would jump at any chance to use a girl for company and attention and then discard her as soon as someone more attractive comes along
I don't think you understand who you're talking to.
source: I MADE IT THE FUCK UP (projection from ur past chad dating experience where he pumped and dumped you and then went for your younger sister)
So you still said it then and my post is still applicable to the thread? What an utterly retarded thing to say. Again, you are using the experiences you have from talking with normalfags and projecting it onto robots because you need to convince yourself that robots are the source of all evil
well done, you're a small minority and doing the bare minimum expected from a romantic relationship
youre the same type of people who say
or maybe your worldview is just built on delusion and falsehoods. congratulations, youve been radicalized by this anime imageboard
What else should I have been doing? I'm always looking to improve
This >>73001949
You probably talked to /soc/ faggots LARPing as robots.
i was hurt by my first love, i don't trust girls anymore, i just fuck them. but i stopped lying about my intentions and it still works, actually finding an emotionally unavailable girl and having sex with her and talking about how fucked up you are emotionally is quite fun, experienced it quite a few times 
in the best case scenario i somehow get into a conversation with a girl who is perfect in every way and lives near me, but that's not happening as I am schizoid, antisocial and just date girls from dating apps who are all whores and stupid unironically, also I'm getting too old I'm 25
What does it mean for one to be flaky
you decided to add chad instead of someone like me
common mistake
Women on here (or everywhere, really):
Please stop being delusional and get in touch with reality
i wish i had an actual robot bf but no, they dont exist. you're all just men at the end of the day
F
What is an "actual robot", this retarded term changes definition from thread to thread.
quiet, isolated, not considered attractive, autistic, sperg interests, incel. i just want someone like me, not some annoying eboy
That's me but I'm not ugly, and I'm a virgin but not really "incel", just haven't met the right person, either I'm not interested in a girl who's interested or it's the other way around. What are your special interests?
The original definition was someone who lived a life contrarian to the norm and was happy in doing it and felt no shame. NEET/hiki, celibate, manchild, engrossed in his hobbies but still happy/wanted no part in the normalfag rat race. Incel was kind of a different subculture but the two overlapped eventually, being incel was more about being ugly/short and craving to be a normal person with a gf and job but being unable to do so because of losing the genetic lottery
That's what all they say lmao. If that's what you wanted, you would've been married by now. Unattractive spergs who'd worship the ground you walk on are dime a dozen and you know it too
I fit that exact description and I'm willing to date you but you'll ignore my offer because you're a hypocrite
ngmi
too many to list here and id accidentally go on a tangent
yeah sure. the amount of normie men ive come across is way higher than any men i actually do like. or i dont fit their standards. i dont have low standards, but they are genuinely unconventional
you know nothing about me, you only claim to be willing to date me because im female
The amount of mental effort you have to expend putting out the insecurity fits with /r9k/ girls is one of the biggest drawbacks.
I'm not even angry anymore, I'm just numb, the demoralization has worked.
Then intentionally go on a tangent. Should be more fun than whining on /arcanine/.
i think the men here would be clingy and co dependent tbqh desu
FEMBOT FUCKING AUTO CORRECT, nevermind, I'm angry again, FUCK TECHNOLOGY I'm going to live in the woods
Correct. Luckily, there's a way for people to start knowing each other and see if they're compatible for a relationship. It's called dating. You should try it sometime. With me
whining on here is my outlet
i dont want to go on a tangent here because that makes me feel embarrassed. 
edating is soulless, i dont want to date anyone online if they arent in my country or a neighbouring country.
That's fine, but don't go around on the internet talking about how nobody wants to date you because it's a lie. You can't have your cake and eat it too
how is that excuses?
you dont know a single thing about me, you could be like 4000 miles away, or you could hate me if you did talk to me. not excuses, i just try be realistic anon
I could learn BY TALKING TO YOU. THAT'S THE POINT. You could be bad but you could be good. I don't know. I'm still willing to try, cause literally nothing is certain. I could step outside of my house one day and get struck by lightning. Does that mean that i should never leave my house again? You're not being realistic. You're being a paranoid coward
post contact then big dummy
zazaman#8549 
Iris is a chronic ghoster and if it's litzi, she's even worse
Call me naive but I think there's more than two women in this board
before i add, how old are you?
im probably worse than iris
So you're just gonna add him, get his hopes high then ghost?
I'm 21
Niggers are a cultural group, not all black people are niggers
Paul Robeson wasn't a nigger, I didn't like Obama but he wasn't a nigger, and most blacks in Europe aren't niggers
That's the problem. I know I wouldn't make for a good bf, so I instead just cry about my loneliness on here. 
In a way, I guess I'm making the lives of women better by simply not interacting with them.
I wish I had an loyal, obsessive cute gf , but they don't exist past 18 when they're already married to the guy they obsess over.
sigh. guess it's the bottom of the barrel for me
There are only a couple of them that repeatedly make threads about the same shit with the same complaints. Either that, or femanons are literally NPCs that parrot each other's dumb lines.
i exist but nobody can reciprocate my obsessiveness
you don't exist cause truly obsessive girls would just be grateful to be in their presence and would be happy with anything they do.
i'd let you spend all your energy on me anytime, but i'm just not obsessive myself. i just like being together with someone all the time.
obsessiveness only works if it is reciprocated, otherwise you're exactly like the men i mentioned in op
no it's not. i had an obsessive girl and she was really friendly and sweet and all she wanted to do was call me and do things with me and told me how amazing i was and became super happy when i talked to her
if you can't do that, don't call yourself obsessive, you're just annoying and needy
