online get plenty of femanons and female attention
always complimented for my voice, personality, confidence, flirting and sometimes even looks
Did everything, from mutual masturbation on voice chat to sexting to camming
IRL I'm a KHHV who hasn't had a conversation with a woman in several years
Please tell me I'm not the only one
slow day today eh?
hasn't had a conversation with a woman in several years
But why?
You tried like going outside?
Just didn't have the chance to I guess? I keep to myself almost always and girls don't walk up to me to start convos so, y'know.
Pretty much the same, but without the compliments. I have masturbated/sexted with a lot of women online, but never show my face because it's ugly. A complete khhv in real life.
I talk to woman all the time at bars and my work, it doesn't lead anywhere because looks are all that matter in attraction
I believe in you champ, WAGMI
Just didn't have the chance
But, when the girls online like you ... can't you meet one of them irl? Or do you chat only with girls from far away?
I don't believe in myself but thank you fren
Ive very consistently had women grow to appreciate me first as friends and then more than that, but strictly online. Usually with the caveat that they admit to genuinely thinking im perfect in personality but just that im too dysfunctional or short to be proper dating material. My dysfunction is the main issue, Im truly a broken pathetic man, even beyond most womens desire to fix. Im okay with all this as I abandoned dating years ago anyway but its an interesting phenomenon. Because IRL women I think are disgusted by me, or on alert around me as im unreadable
What kind of dysfunction?
Or do you chat only with girls from far away?
I only chat with girls who live really far away from me, I don't live in europe, or north &amp; south america, so it would be extremely rare for me to meet a girl close to me off of 4chan, thats just how it is sadly, I would love to travel one day to meet a girl I meet online, but I ain't got the money for a plane ticket, I'm kinda living paycheck to paycheck
I am the EXACT opposite of this. women treat me like i'm disgusting online but they really like me in person.
I envy you, I really do
Hm, have you ever considered using some regional chat, so that you can meet a girl?
well we do have certain local forums and chat rooms, but the caveat to them is that they are mostly used by zoomers, underage ones at that, plus they tend to be fairly normie-tier which isn't really my thing, maybe its because everyone in my country is super extroverted and outgoing, but I find it really hard to get along with local people for some reason, kinda makes me wish I was born in a different country, but you gotta play the hand you're dealt y'know? I'm not an incel or anything, I don't hate women, nor do I generally feel any sort of strong emotions towards most things, I'm pretty apathetic and laid back, which I guess is a double edged sword.
