Anyone watching this? A slow start but could get interesting.
This is a virus
Do not click
Let me know if anything good happens ever.
Like its just a bunch of zany personalities under 1 roof right? I hope theres not obv manufactured drama
Yeah you can donate money to pull wacky hijinks. There's one for something like $500 to get someones bed taken away for the night. I'm not going to donate any money but someone else probably will. It'll be funny to see the torture neet crypto whales will put these people through.
Josie is an honorary incel
josie is my waifu
$500 to get someones bed taken away for the night
who the fuck is gonna do that
just watch jersey shore or something
I wish I knew that Sam Hyde was looking to cast autistic hispanic people.
Think I got chat banned for saying nibba, wtf.
nothing happens in the first 2 months
okay, i need one of you to say something really racist
stay inside no weed
the email verification is broken so i can't do it i guess so i don't care
Just watch the highlights. Unless you have a lot of money, it'll be boring as fuck
needs e-mail
I'm out and I don't feel like making a burner account.
Unless you have a lot of money, it'll be boring as fuck
ca you elaborate? are you allowed to buy shit that fucks with the people in the fish tank or what? it doesn't work for me so i don't know
you can only pay for like 5 "effects"
who thought this was a good idea? Seems like that will get boring fast. 
I TURNED UP THE HEAT AGAIN GUYS LOLOLO
website is kinda garbage
its not actually entertaining to watch 5 people who dont know each other shuffle around awkwardly for hours
even the highlights so far are completely uneventful. 
sam is constantly grifting you for money while your on the website and everything is behind a paywall
the idea is kinda cool. the execution and result seem pretty poor.
Yes. This is the menu. 100 tokens = $10
the menu is honestly wack as hell and p lame. also expensive as fuck. 
I am surprised about how lame it is desu
assumed they were going to be literally torturing these guys
Yeah it's possible there is something I don't know about yet, I just found out about this like an hour ago and started looking into it. I can't even find an FAQ or anything. It's super easy and convenient to enter your credit card info though :)))
It says the host will be arriving in 20 minutes to explain the show. I'm sure over time they will add different items to the token menu. Do you want to see the contestant bios?
I got an account, so I can see the bios myself actually. Thanks for the offer though. 
Didnt think about the potential of them adding new things to the menu. Maybe it will end up getting spicy then. 
I sure as hell would never pay $170 to turn off the heat to a couple strangers house though. Like holy shit. 
If thats the price for mundane innocent prank, something spicy is gonna be the down payment on a car.
The joke is that the viewers are the ones who are getting pranked. Sam and Jet will have a big reveal about how everything was scripted and MDE fans will call them genius.
Do you want to see the contestant bios?
Yes
Fuck off Jet
From initial looks, there are 3 females and 5 males. Only 4 bedrooms with 7 beds between the lot of them. So somebody is sleeping on the couch unless they're going to share.
Simmons is the oldest and the only one who appears to not be from North America. Violetta was from Canada, the rest are American
There is a sign on the wall that says STAY INSIDE NO WEED so it looks like they aren't allowed to leave and no drugs.
no drugs
i was hoping someone would have to be administered narcan but i guess i'll settle for watching them have withdrawal seizures
Josie is the youngest. In fact every woman is younger than every man.
Sylvia's looking a little deformed desu
I haven't seen anybody pull out a cellphone or a laptop so I am assuming they don't have any electronics. They have some board games and puzzles laid around. There appears to be a TV but it is turned off, not sure what kind of service it has.
I just noticed the kitchen has a gas stove. How many fires do you think are going to be started?
Vance seems to be the most normie.
The house is 2 stories. Appears to be 2 bathrooms (no cameras in bathrooms). 1 car garage with only some trash bags and a ladder. I think they are trash bags of torn up carpet, they must have just added the wood flooring. No backyard it seems. All windows have opaque shades on them, no way to see outside.
Last contestant Daniel.
It appears each contestant was allowed to bring a backpack and 1 large travel case. Apparently one of the guys forgot to bring deodorant.
im guessing the items on this list will change they probably have a list of ideas somewhere
They have decided on sleeping arrangements. Occasionally a pop up will appear where you vote for different options, you can also submit your own option to be voted on.
Voting costs 1 token. It says your token is refunded if your selection does not win.
if they allowed phones or laptops the show would be very boring because literally nothing would happen at all. i fucking hate technology.
I just found out Sam is cybersquatting the "SNL" instagram address. I wonder how many hundres of millions he demanded to sell it to them.
Yeah not very long
im going to cybersquat a wendy's toilet in about 15 minutes
I wonder if Sam has already fucked that one with the glasses.
email verification still doesn't work
pieces of shit are they trying to run their own mail server or what are they retarded fuck this thing
The website is a disaster. Can't register even if I wanted to, shits fucked. Dead in the water internet show only a few people will watch and fewer will remember.
Mfw I have known one of these people for years now on discord
they even browse this board
they should have added a captcha to signup, i bet its getting spammed... must be a database issue
it's going to end soon once people find the house and start swatting it and/or they tell the guests about Sam and Marky
Yeah that's a dude dude. Dude looks like a lady
fucking amateurs imo
still no verification email. goddamn amateurs. if sam is reading this i want to fuck his mouth
just watch it on vlc https://rentry.org/zte8w
no camera in the bathroom? they're just going to jerk off in there so you can't see.
why does everyone have so many pieces of paper
they got assigned homework - they have to write an essay
and why are they allowed to watch tv fuck that they should have sex and then fight to the death
Anyone remember the threads of people sharing random unsecured video cameras?
are they allowed to have sex?
if they can't have sex there's no point
i think those are still pretty common if you know how to search for them (ie: shodan)
sam is too much of an angry dingus to them in his intro. they're going to be too scared to destroy the house. 
personally i would have left a bag of adderal and some dildos and porn.
is there a perk you can buy to play some sound effect on a loop for 24 hours i would just submit the audio from some glurk glurk glurk shit
God they are all so autistic, I didnt know about this, this might be fun to watch. Sam knows how to make content. This is the kind of shit Ice should of done if he wasnt actually low IQ.
.gg/H2x4V25zTD
watchparty in vc
no thanks, im not a faggot. originally of course.
mother of godd
i would not have given them toilet paper i think that's a mistake
hope this is a financial failure for sam.
one of you retards banned me
Audio quality makes it unwatchable 
Just give everyone their own mic pack
