new, more accurate, more concise thread.
gonna call this the BDP - bianca devins project.
i'm putting together a video essay about bianca devins.
i plan on telling an accurate story, detailing her online presence from the very beginning of her 4chan days up until the day she died.
including showing what a remorseless piece of shit she was and showcasing all the manipulation she did.
this is a passion project of mine, and i'll need help.
i'm looking for:
UNSEEN PHOTOS/VIDEOS
SOCIAL MEDIA TEXT CAPS
DISCORD DMS
and things of that nature.
CONTACT:
throwaway11889977@gmail.com
emm#5694
How about you neck yourself too and stop caring aboit worthless ewhores
this shit has already been catalogued in the archive a million fucking times newfag
fucking kill yourself tranny
help me and i might even do it on camera!
im not just saying shit i'm actually gonna make the video
shut the fuck up and kill yourself retard
How is the project going so far?
decently. would be going better if some of u fags would send info
bumping oregaanoooooo
sends info
makes video
video blows up
reaps all the rewards
even more normies flood in here shitting up the board more than we thought possible
Go fuck yourself newfag
I wish I had any but I don't, I wish you luck in your quest.
stupid fag i've been here
You had me at remorseless piece of shit
If you've been here then you would have all her info already plus more. Anyone who isn't a newfag, knew her and was on discord back then has shared with each other screencaps and more personal info than the public has ever seen. Clearly that is not you, eat shit.
Where are you posting it? YouTube? What's your channel? I'll subscribe
including showing what a remorseless piece of shit she was
yeah she was fucked up but aren't you either? you're gonna make a video to spit on the grave of a deranged 17 yo girl involved in some dumb teenage drama. 
that said, i think your project is interesting and i'm looking forward to it because i dig everything related to that case (and also because i have developed affection towards that girl).
I wonder what it felt like to fuck her corpse.
This is the most creative way I've seen a newfag asking to be spoonfeed.
If you're not a zoomer, then you surely know how to use the archives.
I even find some of the pics kek, but videos are a bit harder to get. Glad I've seen them unlike (You)
If you're not larping, then this
Any video where she isn't portrayed as an innocent victim isn't getting views senpai. This is how social media works.
Good luck on the project Anon
Where did the meme that bianca used r9k came from? Link one single Bianca post, OP.
Not OP but this is probably her 
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/38633402/#q38633402
Based marc
Hopefully the "video essay" is a real project and not just some scheme to fill a weird folder
Not your personal army do your gay work yourself faggot. No one asked for this and no one wants it.
What else is there to say? She was a cocksucking hoo-ah who pissed off the wrong incel. Seems pretty simple to me.
if that midori person is proven to have been in contact with bianca then it's 100% her.
2017 
she would have been 15 then.
you got more posts by her?
here's a personal favorite, from her old tumblr
Nobody gives a shit about that chick anymore. Especially not enough to write a anthology about her e-whoring online.
And here's a pic I found on desuarchive
29 posts and nobody posted the rekted pic
come on robots, I don't have it with me but I would post it myself
devins was a grade A hoe that played with fire
she had an interesting physique.
a slim and articulate body; long neck, long arms and legs, huge hands with long fingers.. and a tiny head. 
made her look tall (even tho i don't believe she was particulary tall).
she looked like a marionette.
She was 5'10
