Firstly, you were never planning to have 10 kids anyway, so you don't need her young.
A lot of guys jerk off to milf porn, so this idea that slightly older women are not hot is bullshit.
You could have a real and loving relationship with her.
Both of you need to be honest about everything, and not shame each other.
At a certain point you are the best she can get, and she is the best you can get (for a long-term relationship).
Even if she doesn't really find you hot, this is not the end of the world. People love their friends, their parents, their dog, etc.
If you truly don't resent her for anything, and you personalitymaxx+relationshipmaxx, she will fuck you once or twice per week even though she doesn't exactly enjoy it. She will do it for you.
Maybe this doesn't sound so appealing to your ego, but if you are a perma-virgin, incel, or any kind of a loser, this is infinitely better than never getting laid or having to pay hookers.
If you're not attractive, you're not attractive. You can't hate another human for simply following her instincts.
However, once she is a bit older and has experienced all the amazing sex, her sex drive is lower, her curiosity is gone, and now a guy like you can offer her what she wants.
You can have like 2 kids with her.
Why is all of this considered so bad by incels and such?
When both the man and the woman remove their ego from the picture, this is a great option.
you were never planning to have 10 kids anyway
Yes I am
Look at all the other guys that chose this. They all just get cucked and used for money
Hags only want Chad
Because I want to be genuinely loved for who I am. There's nothing else in the world I want and won't settle for anything less.
You could have a real and loving relationship with her.
Stopped reading there. Roasties aren't capable of loving anything besides chad.
You can be loved for who you really are once the chadlust is gone.
If you are an inkwell, would you really want to do that though?
Fucking up so many children.
I refuse to be yet another one for my only one
Simple as.
she is the best you can get
Being foreveralone would be preferable.
this is infinitely better than never getting laid or having to pay hookers
No. It isn't.
True. I have personally cummed raw inside a couple different women who were married at the time.
They will laugh at you behind your back for being a cuck.
tl;dr I need a man that can be a father figure. Beta need not apply
Okay seems like you know exactly what you want then so why tf are you here? You need money or something? If thats so just be honest and ask. Beggars cant be choosers after all. I would know since Im not atrractive or dominting enough but what do I know?
This is my gf. Super slutty in her youth then she settled for me at 26 when she hit rock bottom and I "saved" her. She cheated on me and it started turning me on. We're in an open relationship now except it's just one sided. She gets to fuck guys from Tinder I get to jerk off to her being a slut. We still have sex but 90% of our sex is cuckplay, her telling me stories and jerking me off, cucking me, etc
You could have a real and loving relationship with her
no we couldnt
she would be resentful of me for not being the best chad she's been with, as thats what she truly wants
and i would be resentful of her, for being a used up nasty hag
it would be a pathetic relationship that would end up on r/deadbedrooms
and i would have a look of disgust and hate and repulsion on my face everytime is see her, because i would imagine her giving it up to all kinds of chad men in her youthful prine, when i was alone and lonely
 but if you are a perma-virgin, incel, or any kind of a loser, this is infinitely better than never getting laid 
?????????????
id rather die alone, honestly
dude thats so fucking pathetic. dear christ, honestly, if it wasnt for the singularity, i would have killed myself, as i would have nothing to live for
honestly i would
In theory you would think a walled out stalled out 30+ year old slutbag would be drawn to a 30+ year old virgin loser but I must be missing something because I never see it.
What? Being a cuck is hot to me, I get companionship and love too. It's perfect
I would be okay with this if she accepts a prenup stipulating separate finances and I do not pay for anything for her. Also I have a free pass to have as much sex with other women as she has had with men; however, she has to be faithful.
Same here.
Being alone is preferable to being in bad company.
And being with permaseething used up whore counts as " bad company"
if she accepts a prenup stipulating separate finances and I do not pay for anything for her
Could be done.
Also I have a free pass to have as much sex with other women as she has had with men; however, she has to be faithful.
This indicates butthurt on your side, which will create festering relationship toxicity, ultimately resulting in a divorce.
This indicates butthurt on your side, which will create festering relationship toxicity, ultimately resulting in a divorce.
The toxicity already will be there unless fairness and balance is reached.
That way he'll maybe reach quarter of her body count till his libido kicks the bucket.
No butthurt, just fairness. She would be expecting me to give her the years of my life where my 'sexual market value' is highest, whilst not offering the same in return. This is an equitable compromise.
Im not reading your blog post cucky
I do plan to have 10+ kids though, that's where you're wrong.
imagine seeing her happy and sexually exited face in pictures of her partying with chads
imagine contrasting this to her normal expression, which is just boredom, depression, and a pretending to be tired all the time
imagine seeing videos of her when she was young and pretty with chad
imagine seeing chad's pride in her sex videos when he experiences her at her prime
imagine knowing that other men got to experience your gf's real passionate love, and you get to be her emotional tampon and nagging receptacle
imagine her snickering and laughing when you tell her of your lonely past, even worse when she doestn even want to have sex with you, and at best seldomly does
honestly, what a fucking PATHETIC relationship. at best you are a literal cuckold like this faggot >>73016302
seriously. thats so fucking repulsive
I think it's based in insecurity.
Once you've fucked a woman you really don't care about any future partners' body count.
Firstly, you were never planning to have 10 kids anyway, so you don't need her young.
wrong.
A lot of guys jerk off to milf porn
I don't jerk off.
so this idea that slightly older women are not hot is bullshit.
Lust will kill the things you love.
You could have a real and loving relationship with her.
I will not date a whore.
Both of you need to be honest about everything, and not shame each other.
I agree. I will not date anyone who has done something I do not feel comfortable with being known by everyone.
At a certain point you are the best she can get
Wrong, she had her chance to marry young and make her father proud.
and she is the best you can get (for a long-term relationship).
Wrong. I will not settle for raped women.
Even if she doesn't really find you hot, this is not the end of the world. People love their friends, their parents, their dog, etc.
I am a dog now, lol? Why marry if you don't have sex? It is irresponsible to waste intimacy, children will remain unborn. 
If you truly don't resent her for anything, and you personalitymaxx+relationshipmaxx, she will fuck you once or twice per week even though she doesn't exactly enjoy it. She will do it for you.
Wrong. Sex out of obligation is cruel and demeaning.
Maybe this doesn't sound so appealing to your ego, but if you are a perma-virgin, incel, or any kind of a loser, this is infinitely better than never getting laid or having to pay hookers.
Wrong.
If you're not attractive, you're not attractive. You can't hate another human for simply following her instincts.
I agree
However, once she is a bit older and has experienced all the amazing sex, her sex drive is lower, her curiosity is gone, and now a guy like you can offer her what she wants
This is hell
You can have like 2 kids with her.
I will not curse my children to kiss the mouth of a whore and call her "mother."
Why is all of this considered so bad by incels and such?
You are a stranger to reality
blah blah ego
You have never read freud
I want an experienced girl so she doesn't fucking suck in bed.
girls who are terrible in bed is exactly my fetish though
you have no reason to believe in that, its just wishful thinking
the truth is used up whores are incapable of pairbonding and loving anyone but giga-chad, and they also look decrepit and fucking DISGUSTING and nasty
even chad, after he ran through all kinds of girls, gets with a young inexperienced girl to marry and have a long term relationship with, because its the most reasonable thing to do
Women can't be bad in bed. Their job is being a cute squishy hole. Anything they do that's enjoyable is involuntary and not a skill, like the way they breathe or their legs twitching.
"how does female psychology work" the post. Women are not men. A key that can open any lock is amazing; a lock that can be opened by any key is broken.
When both the man and the woman remove their ego from the picture
i love how roasties embrace and indulge in their endless power in society, and when its convenient for them, advocate you remove your ego entirely
imagine doing that in any other situation. imagine a girl gets raped and robbed at gunpoint and she is told "just remove your ego from the situation, you dont have any power, so just accept it and move it, its not even that big of a deal"
imagine getting exploited and told to remove your ego because you dont have the power to change anything. this is literally the kind of logic females advocate, when it benefits them
i love how roasties embrace and indulge in their endless power in society, and when its convenient for them, advocate you remove your ego entirely
Um hello this is based department
You gonna pick up?
Out of the whole laundry list of reasons I think the most convincing one to me is how she will always think she has settled for you and that means you will never be happy together. She will mask that but there will always be resentment. Women fucking chad and settling for betas in 30-ies is a symptom. The true problem is overinflated sense of value they have which will never go away.
2020's males have to resort to cucked relationships in order to keep their whore women
I'm old enough to remember this behavior would get you laughed out of town. Fuck these gay times.
Playing pretend with these whores due to HR at work is so fucking tiresome you have no idea.
I would do it if I wasnt a virgin with no social skills. I see how non-virgin, sexually rewarded, enslaved -to-capitalism normies interact with their partners. It is by and large DNA manipulation and a power struggle. A young 
(or ideally my age) virgin girl is the only hope i have in having a partner with a similar amount of life experience as me. There are places in the world where you can find girls like this, I am just trying to ammass enough resources (money and social skils) to get there so I can get married to one,
To be fair, low value men (incels) getting with low value women (desperate SINKs, in their 30s) is the only solution that makes sense.
Why would anyone think low value men would get some high value hot virgin who cooks and cleans and low value SINKs would get a rich Chad?
Women in their thirties usually have had numerous relationships beforehand, why would you want to fuck someone's used up goods?
Imagine thinking you can have a real relationship with someone that doesn't find you attractive and might love you. It's a better idea to invest in your hobbies and friends so you can have meaningful connections with them. It's far better to enjoy being single bit with good connections than just having a relationship so you're not alone.
Your friends will move away when they get married and have kids.
Good luck thinking playing Minecraft into your 80s will be a happy life tho
About half of them already are and have kids. We still have time to hang out irl and play games too. And thanks, I plan on enjoying my hobbies well into my 80s.
