You will be held to account for every single post here.
Im cancelled, friendless and a dropout now.
okay, this is epic. im gonna POOOOST
Read my messages in court
Read my peepee poo report
As the judge looks down on me
I'll point up and say, "Check these!"
May the screenshots make me famous
Roll for niggers tongue my anus
maybe i would get a gf into my embarrassing fetish
Good thing I have completely given up on all my dreams of being a success anywhere in life, not like that would ever happen since I am a lost cause and I have no talent.
They have been saying this for years. Its just two more weeks now until they finally manage to do it
i was just calling everyone an idiot and for good reason, they are fucking dumb
You want to go for two days?
I WANT TO GET DOXXED AHHAHAAHAHHAHA
jk no i don't
yesno
no i don't
but why? why is society constantly holding me at gun point
Trust the plan. Two more days
Very little changes. Everyone probably already thinks I'm weird and stupid, and everything I've posted here is weird and stupid.
except I'd be too terrified to show my face because they'd all know about my fetish
Good quality comments like yours that contribute to this website are why we need an upvote system
Fwd demorilization post. Ignore guys
My pleasure reddit faggot
Why wouldn't they already know about your fetish?
I fuckin hope they don't already know. Or maybe I do, actually. I'm irrationally terrified of people finding out, so maybe it'd be a good thing to know that nobody actually cares.
Good thing I was 20 moves ahead and never said anything terrible
its like that one poem by shel silverstein about hiding your blue but in your case your blue is a scat fetish
Likewise twitter faggot
literally the greatest poast to ever grace the robot
I've posted on 4chan for 2 decades but I've always been a liberal and have never written anything offensive here, so I wouldn't care
Okay, and?
I've never posted any threats, or done any illegal activity. Most of the time I'm giving advice, or just talking about life and I'm generally very nice to people. Every now and then I'll make a schizopost/schizothread (aliens, ghosts, madeup stories, etc.) because it's funny to me. That's about it.
Are threads still recorded after they drop off the archive?
Who cares, life is overrated anyways, and a lot of good stuff is written here that normies deny for the sake of convenience.
