I'm 20 and dropped out of high school few years ago. I work 2 jobs, delivering food and being a cashier. I also have 0 friends, no girlfriend and I started living alone since living with my parents is too shameful (and because they cry every time they see me). Oh, and I also have gambling addiction, drug addiction and porn addiction.
Let's work backwards from how high priority these are to address.
drug addiction
Get rid of this as quickly as possible, this will destroy your life sooner than you might think
Gambling addiction
Don't waste all your money
Try to accomplish the first two goals and then repair your relationship with them
Those 3 should be a decent starting point
Depends on what drug. Gambling addiction will fuck you up worse than shit like weed addiction. Atleast if you're addicted to weed you're only spending like 100-200 bucks a month, if you're addicted to gambling sometimes you just lose all your money a few days after you got your paycheck
Good news: 20 is super young, you have time to turn your life around
Bad news: gambling and drug addiction. They're hard to get out of and they gonna fuck everything else.
Get help for the addictions, getting rid of them will put you in a virtuous cycle and eventually you'll have a healthier life and be happier, which is attractive and will help you have friends and maybe at some point a partner.
Good luck anon
The longer you wait the worse it gets. If you aren't disabled in any way, then you have a choice to turn your life around. If you're too much of a pussy to put in the work then you deserve the suffering. Anyone who says "It's never too late to turn your life around" is full of shit that would rather indulge in comforting lies. Act now before it's too late, and in the end you will get what you deserve.
I don't mind the drugs honestly, they keep me sane. The gambling is the problem. I always tell myself ''just a little bit more'' and then I end up with enough money to eat only bread for the rest of the month..
It took me 10 years just to escape neetdom to get a decent job and my own place, it wasnt worth it but at least I can say I tried now.
Unironically enlist in the military to get your shit together (assuming that you are an american) i was in the same situation as you are and my life has been improving consistently. I'll be out in this october with a dd214 and learned a few skills that transfer to law enforment. Fuck the people here that keeps saying you'll die for israel, im literally an infantryman stationed at fort campbell all i do is pmcs the vehicles at the motorpool and somtimes 24 hrs CQ. If you plan on enlisting be sure to look up an MOS that you wanna do that also translates for a good civillian gig when you ETS out of the army.
I am a slav so I can't really do that
