You become this guy. What do you do next?
Immediately get a hair transplant
God damn fuck having that chrome dome for a head
kek. I'd be worried about having a giraffe neck though.
I'm sure some sort of neck shortening surgery exists kek
Dunno, is there surgery to actually have a chin?
Buy dakimakura of girls from current popular meme anime and always carry at least one with me in public. Post pictures posing with dakimakura on Twitter.
Apologize, first off all, to the women and families of the women he employed. Publicly declare that I was not above the matrix and in fact that was my own ego tricking me. Re-establish the "brand" let the girls run it and commit to charitable actions.
I would try how masturbating with a penis feels like. Then I would celebrate to have a healthy body. And then I would go on with youtube and 4chan and alcohol until I have a better idea.
get hair transplants
men that care about their looks to the point of wanting surgery are homosexuals
you get a healthy body then you turn that body into a body thats just as unhealthy as your former one?
Tell everyone I was joking and it was an act, and that my brother is my secret gay lover and also that I've slept with multiple members of the manosphere. Don't get into details, just be vague and leave. Everyone speculates. Chaos ensues.
why are you such a simp? the women have nothing to do with hustlers university which is what made him famous in the first place. the women made six figures working for Tate. Thats more money than these women wouldve ever made on their own because they are retarded. I know this because you have to be retarded to fall for Tates trafficking scheme.
Nah, my current one is genetically damaged from birth on.
well tates body wont be healthy if u had ur way with it. he exercises daily and only drinks during special occasions
Exploiting others for your own personal gain is wrong. Even if they made good money working under him it is still an immoral practice, and success under the rule of his description of "the matrix" would mean that he is just as much as a slave to the system as anyone else. If he wanted to truly escape the "matrix" he would become a monk. It's not about the women necessarily.
Bottom line is, he profited off of the very people he was preaching to - which would be people not in the best mental state who subscribed to his cam service. That's not escaping anything, that's perpetuating the illness and the suffering.
Why did he have to BRAG about whoring the women around? If he just kept his mouth shut and leaned into the Muslim content to appease tradcucks he'd still have a following today and be doing just fine.
Hm, yeah, that would change a bit over time.
Get a dictionary. That's not what homosexual means. Faggot.
Kill myself live on stream after proclaiming my allegiance to the Glorious Islamic Caliphate of Afghanistan
do you really not understand what i meant? what i mean is thats something homosexuals do.
Tate isnt a moral person he exploits other people for money. most rich people arent moral people. if you really wanted to be a moral person youd donate all his money then become a wagie
I know he's not... Read the prompt anon. It's theoretical
Have fun with those tar filled lungs
Hair transplants dont actually transplant new hair they just move hair from the back to the front.
I doubt he can get a transplant in his stage of balding.
Not really possible in his case. He has diffuse thinning all over the top of his head. There isn't enough hair in the donor areas on the back of his head to repair that. He can possibly fix the hairline at the front but the mid to the crown area of his scalp would be diffuse thinning.
Additionally transplanting would result in shock loss to the already thinning hair.
See pic related.
Also just to note it looks like his brother got a transplant. The front of his head has hair (which has been combed back), but the mid scalp has significant thinning.
He likely got on the DHT blocking drugs to maintain the hair he has mid scalp.
I'm sure it's possible with today's technology for a total full hair transplant
No it's not. The only thing a hair transplant does is take hair from the back of the head and put it at the front.
Pull a Roosh V.
It can also come from other parts of the body too anon.
It's amazing how the libtards promote this guy relentlessly. It's like they base their entire world around some bot network and this is some conversation topic they come up with because they'd suck this guy off in romania and have him slap them around to show their ass off on the internet.
Do this world a favor and neck myself
You can but it's impossible to match the density and quality of the hair on your scalp.
Have a look at your arms and try to determine the area of hair on your arm that's needed to equal the density of an inch^2 of scalp hair.
I'd carry on pretending im not a faggot with daddy issues
Practice my anal skills for when they send me back to prison.
If you mean devoutly convert to Orthodox Christianity, his conversion was after the passing of his sister. His sister died of cancer a few years ago.
He banned discussion of pre-marital sex on his forum.
https://www.rooshvforum.com/
https://www.rooshv.com/eulogy
libtards are modern day busybodies. They need drama, conflict, and enemies to rally against. 50 years ago they were conservative busybodies going to PTA meetings. 
I remember when RooshV was enemy #1 of the libtards. Apart from a few controversial statements he made, he was just a relatively harmless guy on the internet.
i like this anon 
-original-
seeing as I would become a muslim man, I would donate all the riches I have acquired through online casinos, camgirl businesses and scamming young gullible men (all haram) to charities and live a respectable, family-oriented life.
commit suicide
(have to write some extra here to be original message)
Are you fucking retarded so you can't use Google search? Here is him now in prison, he has hair you fucking brianless ape nigger
Forgot image of sandnigger Tate
I literally become this guy, like I'm just suddenly inhabiting his body in the same situation he's in?
First, I send all his money in Monero to my personal address for when I switch back to my original body. Then, I do my best to unfuck the minds of all the kids he grifted.
become the ultimate bottom for men
buy some warhammer models and never make another video again
Finally have sex.
Post my tiny chode on twitter and kms
become the ultimate bottom for well-hung Brazillian shemales
I kill myself
