Greetings robot anons. I see a lot of sadness and despair in this board. And, I wanted to come here to share the in and the out for everyone. 
God is real. He made everything. Including you. His name is Jesus. If you ask Jesus to come into your heart and accept him spiritually then you can have eternal life not in hell after you die here on earth. 
The benefits include being able to pray to the most high for help in sad situations. Reading the bible which is gods word. This is a wonderous novel written by god with information about people in it. 
You will learn and be taught by Jesus to love him, and in doing so loving your neighbors (others) as well. 
I am sorry you all have had a bad experience in life. But, there is hope. I love all of you guys and I encourage you to buy a bible. Pray to Jesus and ask him to show himself to you. He knows you are sad or messed up. 
You will become a new being if you do this. You will have morale. You will have challenges. And, you will also have victories as well. We are in a spiritual war. Come join the winning side.
Your Jew God only came for Jews and only after he was rejected did he come for you. He treats goy like table scraps and you took it and said "thank you master, give me more!" Fucking imbicile.
God made everyone. He chose abraham for the first covenant. He allowed in all non Jews for the second covenant. 
Jesus died for all humans. And, it's the non Jews at this point who follow him. I am sorry you are so messed up. I will pray for you and I hope you have a great day!
I don't exactly hold the same beliefs as you, but I respect you trying. God to me is different.
I wish we could help every single person on the board and help them spiritually. People are spiritually sick. And this has happened before in history. 
Jesus is the solution from my perspective. The one true god who wants a relationship with his children he founded on earth (:
Jesus did not come for the holy or the well. He came as a doctor.
god doesn't exist stop being a pussy ass beta and take control of your own life
God is real, and Christ is King.
You are not a monkey
You are fearfully and wonderfully made
Ancients were smarter than the people who think we are nothing that came from nothing. 
At least ancients weren't depressed porn watchers who worshipped Weiner size and had no authority except what they want to do that day. 
You will die one day. Maybe even today. And on that day you will want god. You will beg for him I bet.
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So today we have millions of new Jesuses. So why be obsessed with the Jesus of the Bible, since he was just a dude with an NDE too?
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
god isnt real you absolute retard
John 4:22
I don't ever want to hear you speak again. Sage and hidden
John 4:23
I worship the creator. Not the creation
God is real and believers know him
what's up I'm a fucking elohim
AMA
if Jesus is great, why does he need the benefit of the doubt, like why doesn't he show up every 50 years? he willed himself into existence, does he willfully let the world fall into shit? not exactly a role model, also women are naturally, horrifically selfish and your storybook didn't change that
The world hasn't gone to shit. Maybe your personal part of it, but isn't that your responsibility?
Jesus said blessed are those who havent seen but believe. 
If you understand god you know its all about faith and your heart. Jesus came here like you said and people still didnt believe him. He healed people, he did miracles and they called him satan and a demon. They killed him. 
Coming here wouldnt change anything. Although he is coming back. 
The world is a prison you stay in until you die. Then you are put into gods hands directly. To be chosen for life or death eternally. 
Women are selfish and nasty and the bible affirms it on the first page. Read about adam and eve in the bible. Eve ate the fruit of knowing good and evil and proceeded to do the most evil thing with that knowledge she could. She screwed over adam and got him to eat it too. She knew evil and he didnt yet. 
Thats why women are basically oppressed between men and women. They cant be pastors, they have to cover themselves, they are only as good as the men around them etc.
God is real. He made everything.
false. god is not real. he is a creature made up in books thousands of years ago in order to dictate control over regions. there is a reason this obvious fact is complete common sense to nearly anyone above a certain IQ level
also women are naturally, horrifically selfish and your storybook didn't change that
Women are selfish and nasty and the bible affirms it on the first page. Read about adam and eve in the bible. Eve ate the fruit of knowing good and evil and proceeded to do the most evil thing with that knowledge she could. She screwed over adam and got him to eat it too. She knew evil and he didnt yet. 
Thats why women are basically oppressed between men and women. They cant be pastors, they have to cover themselves, they are only as good as the men around them etc.
what better evidence that religion is pure, unadulterated poison. I'm unironically going to send this thread to Vice or some incel researchers or something so they can get a grasp on this perspective. or even just to some random women. incels and religion are the most vile combination ever
