Its time for a robot friendly environment. Its time american infrastructure became less car centric.
What about everyone on motorbikes like in Thailand
I hope this will happen. But it never will.
Also public transit is almost never full like in your webm
Buses suck, they smell you can be robbed and they're unreliable
robot friendly
That would mean an even bigger distance than cars, invasive collusion of personal space is totally offlimits.
How about private jets on NEETbux, maybe?
They only suck when you're riding a bus in a retard neighborhood. Ever ride a bus in a rich neighborhood? No crime. No smell. Great.
The car lane has been sorely misrepresented here. Whoever made this graphic is a grifter.
Why would a rich person want to ride a bus?
I live in Europe and most buses have under 4 passagers in them many are empty
 I live in Europe and most buses have under 4 passagers in them many are empt
And the car lane tends to look more like the inside of the transitway in the animation, kek.
As >>73010300 put it, it is green grifter shit.
Kys car centric apologists
No I wont sit next to you and listen to the noghowling from your airpods, leaf-breath.
Why would you be sitting next to me fag youll be driving in your burnt out pinto larping as a middle class capitalist
This is part of the "you will own nothing" thing isnt it? A car gives you independence you can even start a business from one, they dont want that they want you to rely on government
As long as I am away from your dreadlocked ass
that gif
all the car drivers wanted to go to the same place
No
 "you will own nothing"
Bro you post on 4chan youre not exactly le cream of the crop
Why are you even concerned do you even have anywhere to go in your trailer Lmao
No im one of the masses thats why they want to controll be by taking away my property because only the masses can resist them
 because only the masses can resist them
Yeah okay just dont forget to add in Minecraft after your death threats pussy
Unless it's Japan
you will own nothing
rely on government
yet relies on sandnigger oil and government subsidies to do anything
pathetic. If you want to be "self reliant" pedal a bike
Not making threats and Minecraft is for zoomers
Japan is very unique i think
Far to lazy for that plus electric cars exist now
