being 4'10 sucks because the only men I can pull are pedophiles
Meet them online where they don't know your height until you meetup.
I'm 6'2 and I would like to toss you around like a doll. Maybe choke you a bit.
Yeah poor you now fuck off
God thats so hot. No wonder why you were blessed with trips
based tiny retard
shutup retard turdwhore moron insect toilet water bimbo
Look on the bright side you could be Karen Kohiruimaki instead of LLENN
I'm 5'6 but I'm a straight man so I can't really pull anybody
Every woman I've ever slept with was a masochist and sadism makes me diamonds so I just assume all women like to be slapped around at this point in my life.
Face matters vastly more than height. The problem is that you're ugly and socially retarded, not your height.
unironically this, im barely 4'9 and most men who showed interest in me are pedophilic in some way. my interests and appearance do not help
Excuse me ma'am, but would you like to be my wife? You can come live in my apartment and I'll brush your hair every morning.
yeah maybe
doesn't make it any better
for what (original) purpose anon?
For love.
i think small girls are cute but i dont think i am a pedophile
tall girls are cute too
ok anony lets get married!
I wonder if robots will take this bait
Now this is the part where you tell me you live in France or something so we will never see one another.
you sound REAL cute!!
i do not live in france mon cherie
Learn how to socialize.
Why, you're not cool enough for France?
You probably wouldn't even date a guy that's like 5'2.
Just go for a guy your own height lol
Tall guys have no reasons to pick your dysgenic asses over taller women
10/10 have a good day chad-kun &lt;3
no i just hate france
Whats up with that? The three "small" 30 year old female streamers (and a vtuber) all live in that hellhole of a country are all of their chicks midgets or something
10/10 have a good day chad-kunn &lt;3
Sucks for me then, I can't imagine dating anyone who hates an entire country. Guess I lose this round.
Honestly tiny women are smoll and cute but the only instinct that kicks in is the protection instinct. I could never truly date or marry one, it just doesnt feel right. And also I should probably leave the smaller women for the smaller men
Stop being jelly incel-chan
Stop being jelly incel-chan
DWMRT
DWMRT
What does this one stand for? Ive never seen it :0
DWMRT
What does this one stand for? Ive never seen it :0
Verification not required.
I love you anon. I accept you the way you are
I love you anon. I accept you the way you are
Verification not required.
Maybe you shouldn't call everyone who likes you for your unique features things that could get them killed. People throw that word around a little too liberally these days.
Maybe that could be our new secret code? ILYIAYTWYA :)!
Maybe that could be our new secret code? ILYIAYTWYA :)!
RDMMR
I'm not a pedo.
I think all pedos deserve death.
Oooh i get it! Its a Captcha, right?? Did I get it? Gosh darn it you even gave me clues before! Haha
I think all pedos deserve death.
How would we make sure that the death penalty isn't used on anyone who was accused falsely?
You don't go to jail for being falsely accused. If you have cp or diddled someone you gone buddy.
i cant imagine dating anyone who DOESNT hate france
You don't go to jail for being falsely accused.
I really wish the world worked like that. I really do.
Who cares about work or relationships right? I mean, nothing happened you didnt go to jail.
You probably wouldn't even date a guy that's like 5'2.
OP wouldn't date a man who isn't at least 6 ft 3.
I'm 6'5 and fit, would love to grab ur little head and choke you, grab you and smother you and make you feel small and tiny, then caress your little cute face like a puppy :3
What is your personal hands-on experience with France? Or do you only know France through internet memes?
just grow fool it's not that hard
But what if she accidentally grows too much, and then she only gets asked out on dates by the other type of fetishy weirdos?
Maybe you're childish AND short.
We aren't all pedophiles. I just want to dress you up like Yoda and fuck all night on ketamine, you withered little human trolls.
enlightened france hater
i'm a 5'2 would you date me? i've only dated girls my height or around 5'3. would love to date a shorter woman
How did you get girls at that height?
"Fem"bot" postings
50 replies
Korean postings
300 replies
Even simps are better than non-Korean chimps.
honestly i'm not ugly. grandiose delusions have helped and i have always been involved in arts, i would say those things may have compensated sometimes
Use your face to date taller women. Have mercy on your son, if you have one.
Ok, supposing this isn't some elaborate larp,
All anons are missing the implied subtext of "the only men (of a suitable height) I can pull are pedophiles."
Before sequence of mental illness that brought me here
I dated some shorter girls and was 6'3 while doing it: and it's awkward.
"Your so tall and she's so short." "I guess opposites attract haha."
In a crowd, on a noisy street - literally cannot hear her because she's at least 2ft away while pressing against me
there are no spontaneous kisses really. I have to hunch over or pick her up
we cant comfortably walk "intimately" ( arm in arm side by side)
we make terrible dance partners
potentially short kids. I want my kids to look like me. to share my eye color. to have my hair color. to have my height
And yeah - having height in the gene pool means that the adult women in my family are 5'6 to 6ft. leaving out the part where she's unwilling to date a man in the 5'1-5'6 range i guess it follows that tall men might see the 4'10 range as "childlike" from their lived experience
boo hoo chads treat me like a fetish doll
i am a very convinced antinatalist and i need my partner to be an antinatalist too. ideally i want a sterile woman. i dont think a taller woman would want to date me anyway and i'm not sure i would like to date a much taller woman, it would be fun as some sort of subversive performance tho.
i once met a 6'4 woman and we decided to hold hands across one street downtown to see the reactions. it was fun.
chads treat me like a fetish doll
lmao. youre no fucking chad
girls have told me exactly this as a positive aspect of my height. ideally everybody should date heights almost identical to theirs. only normies are concerned by not making the perfect magazine couple where the woman is wearing heels and the husband is slightly taller, etc. i could never fulfil that and so normie stacies as repulsed by me. but i am somehow alt so i have been able to overcome all of that sometimes and most girls that have dated me are alt too, usually bisexual women somewhat outcasts, surprisingly they have usually not a very punk or extreme aesthetic, more like a basic feminine aesthetic but they are into performance art, politics, that kind of girls.
Yeah, everyone prefers a partner of a height more similar to theirs. Taller girls aren't so easy to find though. And if there are some, they're rarely much pretty.
Good. Short women are so unrealistically picky. Must be 6'6+ etc. Enjoy your predators hahhahaha
the only men i can pull are the ones who are attracted to me
Not seeing the issue.
My best friend's gf is around your height and he doesnt have pedophillic tendencies it just so happened to be they liked each other as for me I am 6' or so but I simply find to like things in someone if I like their personality so if we fit I would like your height and not avoid the subject
short girl
petit
short male
manlet
You're small, alright, but do you look like a woman or a child? If you look thicc, no pedo would take you, just look more mature
why is this disdain for dating paedos so common amongst women? i understand being morally opposed to paedophilia or even lolicon stuff (i'm not either of those things), but if i were to somehow get a gf, i wouldn't care if she thought shota stuff was hot. unless the fetish gets in the way of the relationship i.e cuckoldry, feeder stuff, etc. i don't really judge. you already have crazy high standards for looks, but why not settle for a good looking guy that isn't quite perfect?
all men are pedos or hebes, its just too stigmatized these days so they suppress it internally or otherwise.
If the pedo is Chad and never molested or got caught molesting a kid around 60-70% of women wouldn't care that he's a pedo. If he did molest kids then still ~30-50% of women wouldn't care
At least you can still pull someone. That's better than manlets being unable to pull anyone.
I would date any woman regardless of height as long as she wasn't fat.
Yeah I don't have any sympathy for you because in my experience, really short girls all only want lanklets. You probably have insane standards for height so you completely deserve the pedo rapists you choose.
yeah, but what i'm saying is that i've seen an uptick in women developing standards for personality now, you know? like you finally meet the looks threshold by being the genetic ELITE? now you've got to ALSO have the right bizarre personality traits as well. when those women complain about red flags, they're not complaining about my breathing patterns or whatever, they're complaining about chad's. it's like they were told that they only care about looks so much, that they started caring about personality AND looks. you're right though, most women would settle for a paedo if he's gl enough, not even just a paedo, but a convicted child rapist. jaw is still law, but man i hate this gay earth.
