People have no idea how severe the obesity problem in the world is and it wasn't halted with gym and diet culture that were so used to on the internet.
How would you solve it?
I wouldn't, it's not my problem.
sex penis cum penis sex. sex cum penis
besides the strain on health care, what does it matter? it's a self correcting issue
It decreases the birth rate and worsens the dating market
The solution is to eliminate the corporate food subsidies that make junk food cheap. The corporations would never allow that to happen though.
It's a horrible curse and will likely claim my life (one way or another) within the decade. I weigh something like 330lbs and am finding everything so difficult, but cannot stop eating, it has become a true addiction. I don't know how to solve it, diets just don't work.
You don't. You can't stop people from being fat anymore than you can stop them from using drugs like alcohol and nicotine. Its impossible. 
People use food to destress the same way they use alcohol and nicotine. I suppose you could take away everyone's stress theoretically, but that would costs trillions of dollars a year.
Enhances it, you mean. More fatties for this guy means more of them have conventionally attractive features.
If you wanted to nanny state, we could do mandatory weight loss pills. We'd be viewed as the third reich though. And reduce the number of people on antipsychotics and other drugs that make you gain weight, crime might go up but people would lose weight. But it's commonly believed that this type of effort is harmful to the population. If you wanted to get extreme, you could disallow access to malt liquor and other things that get you fat.
No. Leave food company alone!
But to be honest, this anon gets it. People are stressed. When you're stressed, you don't want to put work in to take care of yourself and go for easy options. Food is a comfort for a lot of people and they will revert to it when the going gets tough.
You wanna fix it? Implement a 4 day work week. Make flights and travel more affordable and encourage vacations. That culture thing you're holding onto and getting so mad about? Let it go and don't make it your whole world. More time away from the grind means you don't have to find time to take care of yourself.
Food is currently taxed (at least in my country) vaguely based on how unhealthy it is perceived to be. I would instead introduce a fat tax, where your BMI is measured at the checkout and a flat tax is applied based on the perceived healthiness of your basket and your BMI. It would also announce your BMI in flashing text, so everybody can see it. Bring back shame.
Athletes and gymbros may apply for special dispensation where their BMI is not a factor, but since the people to whom BMI is not particularly useful is such a vanishingly small percentage of the population, it's likely not an issue.
Food black markets would emerge, where regular people buy food and sell it to fatties. An undercover police force would be set up to create sting operations to catch these people. The sellers would receive a slap on the wrist, and the fatties would be publicly starved in the town centre, in stockades, until their weight became under control. There would be little to no oversight for this, as any fatty placed in the stockades would frankly deserve it and should be grateful for it, regardless of if they broke the law.
Eventually, after cranking up the fat tax, the only people capable of being fat would be the rich, returning once again to the status quo that the world had for generations, and peace would return to the realm.
they're making some injection for it
women fucking love taking medicine so they'll for sure be taking it, it's just a matter of time until everyone (at least women) is slim again
i can't solve it but the problem starts in childhood and the rhetoric around food. people think they 'just don't like vegetables', but vegetables are both delicious and an acquired taste. shit head parents feed their children fast food, like mine. i had to learn to like vegetables in my adulthood but people try to convince me i just like it inherently. these overgrown babies make it their personality to like cheetos and mcdonalds.
meanwhile our standards are getting lower and lower. we think fat people are healthy today. we only consider people overweight when they're fucking obese while we demonise skinny people as not being real women or as having EDs.
How about we all go vegan? Problem solved right
I do completely agree about a lot of veg being an acquired taste, but I wonder to what degree. For example, I was able to get myself to actually like peas, sweetcorn, green beans and others after quite a while. But carrots I still only tolerate, despite having had loads of them and still eating them multiple times a week. I keep waiting for it to kick in, but I don't think it's gonna happen at this point.
i imagine some things you won't end up liking no matter how hard you try, but people will expect to like something on the first taste like retards. i do still have to remind myself to experiment sometimes and not just eat the handful of vegetables i've already gotten used to.
i think sometimes learning to like one thing can make you more open to others as well. maybe you can try to eat things similar to carrots, if you really want to learn to like it, but i'm not sure what that might be. you probably already experiment with how you cook it. i only like carrots overcooked. 
no, i'm sure you could live on an vegan diet of microwaveable dinners and never touch anything healthy in your life. middle class families are more likely than the working class to prepare food at home in healthy ways, including healthy meats like fish and chicken. 
but i will say it's equally hilarious and disturbing to me seeing fat people eating animals. i find it hard to wrap my head around the sheer scale of death production and the rolls of fat posing as people it serves. there aren't any winners for sure.
its called ozempic. /fit/ is going apeshit over it
apparently the drug causes premature facial aging which should be amusing
any slightly aging person will be accused of ozenpic face
The corporate zombie lifestyle made people unable to afford getting fit because either they don't have the money or time to eat healthy/exercise and the ultra sigma chad gymbro trend blowing up won't help it either the people influenced by this trend will quit after 1 month after finding out it's not easy 
For now there's no solution, trying to solve it means nuking the west and returning to the Middle Ages so don't bother trying
Tax fat people. Americans hate paying taxes so much they will actually starve themselves into being skinny to avoid being taxed.
the problem will solve itself when the famines hit
The reality is there will never any replacement to exercise and I'm saying this as a clinical pharmacist it's one of the most fundamental things about our bodies and trying to find a loophole in it comes with unpredictable consequences
Exercise is a habit not something to burn fat since it doesn't only calories
That's a myth. Fat fucks pass their habits to their kids. Hell it also feels like they're living longer too. Boogie should have died decades ago.
Universal health care, but only if your bmi is 35 and below. Make insulin a schedule 2 drug, and providing it to someone with bmi over 35 punishable by execution. K-12 daily physical education, nutrition classes separate from the general health classes. Jail time for rendering medical care of any kind to fats over 35 bmi. Remove subsidies on corn, onions, and other welfare crops.
Let's drop that down to 25, just to be safe.
make it worth being beautiful again 
ive started working out and eating right and looking much better but i look around and now what
the women i want still have unrealistic expectations and want to act like children, the rest are fat. theres just no reason to try anymore when nobody is rewarding the effort
Nah, the point is to punish severely obese people, not middling cases that can be easily resolved with education.
Why do you have to make a system based on punishment instead of rewarding positivity?
The reward is that you get healthcare if you're not a disgusting fat fuck.
Just got dumped by the woman of my dreams. I feel your black pill pain.
So obese kids don't get Healthcare? Does that seem right to you?
I want to punish fat people for all the harm they've done. Just criminalize it and put them under house arrest. Once a month social worker visits and if they aren't losing 2.5lbs/wk they are beaten. Three failed weeks and they are shot before they even get off the scale. Society worships fatties and treats them with kid gloves. My solution is simple and solves the problem while giving them all an extremely generous chance. Exceptions can be made for powersharters/gymrats with a very low and easy to hit threshold. If they can squat their bodyweight they get a pass. Fat people should not be allowed to have a job and it will be illegal to use their image in film or photograph except for propaganda purposes showing them as tho lowest most despicable evil around. I'd even be generous and say bmi 22 or possibly 23 as the cutoff before someone is considered fat. That's plenty pudgy enough to account for all the people who defy the laws of physics. Anyone over has to squat their bodyweight or lose the weight. If they can't, death.
Yes. But if you really want to have mercy, then the parents have to suffer for making their kids that way.
The problem will sort itself out. Literally.
Should kids that murder people be given a pass just because they're kids? Fuck off with your bleeding heart bullshit. Even six year olds know what causes fatness. Eating too much. If parents care about their kids they won't let them kill people or get fat. A fat kid is absolutely worthless to society and it's better to cull them before they use up any more tax money. They aren't worth the effort to save.
Comparing being fat to murder is crazy seek help
people are getting fatter and fatter and fatter all over the world. meanwhile there aren't any more alcoholics than there were 100 years ago, and the number of smokers has nosedived. it's a policy issue and the government needs to step in and fix it, much like all the world's problems (except incelism, that's a matter of individual responsibility)
Not as crazy as thinking it is OK for people and even kids to be fat.
It's a moral issue. Legislation can't fix it without extreme and drastic measures. Since over 70% of people are clinically overweight or obese and over 90% of people are fat that's simply not going to happen under democracy.
The government did it for cigarettes so they could do it for unhealthy foods. A good start is to educate the public about how dangerous these foods are and prevent companies from marketing them to children. People should start seeing unhealthy foods like they see cigarettes and alcohol.
Fat fuck here.
State mandated mommy gfs that will gym with me. Also government needs to do its fucking job and crack down on corporations selling cheap shitty foods. God I love consooming microplastics and toxic cooking oils and PFAs hnnnnng~ Oh, and yeah, more emphasis in fitness in schools. While a chunk of it is environmental though, I think it ultimately comes down to insufficient parenting. My dad was seldom around and my mom raised me on fast food, never denying me when I was hungry. Every time I stepped outside the house to go play (when I was thin), I was bullied by a group of kids 6-10 years older and received death threats. After two years of being beaten, stoned, pushed around, taunted, etc., and police not giving a shit, I said fuck it and became hikki at the age of eight. Being stuck in the house all day, every day, made me bored as hell and I passed the time by pounding down food. If my father was around and taught me to fight back, and if my mom put her foot down and limited how often I ate and actually made healthy food instead of all the fried shit she makes, and if those assholes' parents beat the shit out of them and taught them to not be fucking dipshits to others, I don't think I would have ended up the way I am. I did get down to a healthy weight when I finally got a mommy gf, but after she called it quits I became NEET again and gained it all back, as if it never happened.
Less food, even less goyslop.
Should decrease obesity at least by half.
Tax fat people.
Tax cuts for people in perfect health.
Why should healthy people pay for healthcare of fatsos?
Tax and discourage unhealthy foods instead. Just like we do for alcohol and tobacco. Maybe add a surcharge for unhealthy food consumption to health insurance like we do for tobacco users.
Eugenics. Literally the only option. You like food more than your health or you don't. I'm only getting into shape now because I'll die if I don't, and I'm not even that overweight, I just have a heart problem I can't afford to agitate.
Stop letting fatties breed.
im not fat and thats all i care about
well then check the news because they did find the replacement 
everything in the world has consequences
In my experience, there are two types of obese people:
1. People who are obese because of bad habits. They buy the wrong stuff and eat too much of it too often. 
2. People who are obese because of bad lives. They eat to cope with abusive childhoods, shitty lives, not feeling loved/validated, etc.
The first type can lose weight and keep it off by changing their habits and getting smarter about food. The second type has a much more serious problem and is honestly unlikely to be able to change for too long.
I hope you don't consider this woman obese, otherwise i'll not take anything you say seriously, skeleton
Look at the stats for obesity in men vs women. The reality is that the obesity problem is really just a hormonal birth control problem. Those women then raise their children on their own awful diets and create those morbidly obese children we see.
exercise and diet
but a famine is on the way anyway
it's been effortless for me to stay thin with a diet of whole plant foods. idk what can be done for others. there is not a single restaurant in my state offering a meal i'd consider healthy
why should i want to? even with debilitating autism, i have social capital and makes friends easily when everyone else is at least slightly pudgy while i have cum gutters and confidently wear crop tops whenever weather permits
it's kinda fun being a superhero surrounded by sewer mutants
I used to weight around 330 as well, moving around got really difficult for me. I used to stress eat a lot until I started replacing the amount I ate with more healthy options. That and I started eating like 1 meal a day and snacked on nuts and fruit. I also cut out soda completely. I just drank water for like 3 months and made sure to move around a lot at my job. You'll be surprised how quickly the weight just drops off. Went from like 332 to 272 in months. You don't have to be like this forever anon.
Increase power production through the use of nuclear power. Create a power arms race of sorts. The economic output of a country that has the mythical electricity-too-cheap-to-bill-individuals of the 60s has the ability to produce such an insane amount of products and services that food production will inevitably scale with it. With food production scaling, the price of non-obesogenic food will sink. Automation should also give workers shorter work weeks for the same compensation. When corporations see the long-term wins (that's the hard part, yes) from their workers having more free time, they'll actually go along with it. More free time means more time to cook or otherwise eat real food as opposed to the slop you consume because it's what you have time and energy for. But this won't eliminate the issue. Some people are built obese, and some people are built stupid and become obese as a result. But this should dent the size of the population significantly.
There's a lot of hate for fat people here, and I'm guilty of it, too. But if you - yes, you, Anon - are fat, know that it isn't too late for you. Swap one of your sodas today for some water. Gain an acquired taste for some vegetables (have them every day/every other day for a month). When you grab that next chocolate bar or bag of crisps, wait 15 minutes, then decide if you really want it. Make a small change, make it stick, then build on that.
I believe in you.
Its easy for government to fix this. Outlaw goyslop. Fast food places must serve healthy food, no more than 500 calories per customer. Subsidize it so it costs like $2 or something.
Anyone who serves more than 1000 calories in a restaurant will be thrown in jail.
After 2 or 3 years, poof no more obesity.
/fit/ here, I lost 50 lbs after being a fat fuck all my life and it was easy as fuck, but even if I told you exactly how to do it, you wouldn't. I was the same way for years.
Tell me what's the secret
you're only supposed to go out to eat once in a while, as a treat with friends or family. in fact eating for pleasure should probably only be done as part of a social occasion. stuffing yourself on pizza and wings with your bros once a week is not going to impact an otherwise healthy lifestyle
Seeing obesity everywhere you go normalises it. If you remove all the fat people from society and put them back after a long time, normal people will be much less tolerant of them. 
- Remove fatties from all media. do not cast them as comic relief or objects of scorn and ridicule, that would be counterproductive
- Round up all fatties in fat camps
- Outdoor gym equipment in every large park, where it can be seen
- End all food subsidies, of course
- Build community gardens, one per 20 residences
