it's over
You paid for a whore and she turned out to actually be a whore? Woah
i loved her more than anything. i just wanted her to love me back
imagine the first bite of that delicious steak dinner you treated yourself to because her simp came through extra good today. mmm, so delicious.
she told me i was her bf, not a simp
bumping so everyone can learn from my mistakes. also, her dc name starts with an r, be careful of e girls and fembots
Its a gamble when you think like that.
Why wouldn't you leak it fully?
Also, did you have plans on meeting up? If you're actually both in love and there's some distance between you too, you'll know it since you'll both want to come up with plans to meet ASAP.
Spending money on a girl you met online before meeting her IRL just seems completely retarded in 99% of cases.
what else was i supposed to do? buying her stuff is what got me her attention to begin with
You know what you were supposed to do? Do some self-respect, grow a brain or somerhing. Find yourself a woman for free, anything but this.
Or he could just kill himself. It never fails to amaze me that there a people who openly admit their lives are worthless, that they have no chance at happiness, and yet they selfishly go on living anyway. I wish every incel who ever whined about being lonely online suddenly burst into flames all at once.
not an option for robots
you deserve it for being such a fucking loser and retard what person in their right mind spend that much on a girl over the internet KILL YOUSELF
How does someone as pathetic as you have $20k in disposable income?
i make 300k a year, money isn't much of an issue to me
Making $300k yearly income but still an incel is very embarrassing. What is your occupation, assuming you are not larping?
software engineer, i live in a major city so it's still middle class income
If turbosimp low t faggot can make that money then nothing is impossible. Btw most masculine software engineer.
i will be your fembot e-gf anon &lt;3
I make like 50k a year and I got my egf for free.
You got ripped off.
People like you deserve to be called moids by dumb mentally ill women online. Horrifically pathetic.
making money isn't hard given you're half decent at math and graduate in something stem in college and you're in the usa
you wouldn't love me though would you?
of course i would! i am not a whore, i dont mess with chads. i would be yours and youd be mine. id even let you keep track of who i talk to, if youd like. i know that you might have certain trust issues after this :(
It's more about the self-respect of not giving money to a girl you haven't even met.
you can't make this shit up
im not asking him to pay for anything, i dont want money
ok i might not ask for money directly, but i might ask for some help with paying for my monthly hrt
what about my post would even pique your interest in me? it's the epitome of pathetic
i can understand your pain, in a way. i have been through betrayals and know how much they hurt. 
and ill admit it, i am also quite pathetic! im here on r9k asking someone to give me a chance underneath his breakup thread!
okay, makes sense. hope you find someone special, i think i need a break from this for now. gd luck doe
What's your asl?
You're a dude larping right?
Unironically fucking kill yourself. 
Why do you enable this? Why are you this retarded? You should be shot on the spot for allowing e-whore behavior to prosper.
Oops, meant for this "girl" >>73020537
1im 18 and from the usa! im a girl as well, but i thought it was implied :p
