It's so over for oldfags
Old guys banging younger women
People who give a fuck about reddit
Show me where these groups intersect on the venn diagram
This zoomer chicks at my work flirt with me a lot
fake, you are delusional
Old guys banging younger women
I never went through with it because old men are actually super disgusting
Reading comprehension
not reading and not sorry about it. touch grass.
yea obviously old hags aren't actually hot they just have a hot vibe, it's the dynamic
my gf is 10 years younger than me
imagine believing what a woman says lmao they dont even know what they want fr fr
old people aren't as hot as young people
No way OP
her fantasy of a 'young guy' still excludes 80% of young men, tho. When women talk about hot young men they don't think about the pimple faced indian kid in pyhsics class, or the baby faced asian guy, think about the 6ft+ white-anglo saxon college quarterback who looks older than his age, yet retains that low hairline as he's going through his Prince Charming phase. Most men are short, ethnics, fat or are balding past 21. The idea of women liking young men for their youth makes absolutely zero sense when you have so many young men single and sexless. I had the same problem when I was young and was trying to attract older women, for cougars the mental image of a 'youg man' is a white boy with blonde hair and a golden tan, not some gook with a bowl cut. which what I was.
Accurate. Also, when girls say they love older men, they're picturing guys like Chris Hemsworth. Usually it's the same guys that were attractive at 21 but managed to retain their looks into their late 30s.
I would pay to get fucked by a guy like picrel. Idk why but older chubby guys are my guilty pleasure
Misunderstands the post he replies to
Reading comprehension
Sasuga r9k desu
She thinks you are disgusting.
She's only with you for the money.
Not old men that's for sure.
absolutely 100 % originally built for BBC
I'm 32 and get hit on by women in their young 20s all the time. It's called not being a fat ugly loser and not being poor. Women hate old guys who aren't successful. I'm married with a kid and retired 3 years ago to raise him. Women love men who aren't fuckups. Women hate men who are, unless they're hot.
retired 3 years ago 
Yeah they want you for the money. Success is money. They do not desire you. Plus you are 32, not 40+ so maybe you still look good
Lmao males can't detect jokes or irony.
You know women make jokes right?
brilliant OP. good that you logged in and purposely liked the posts you intended to use to trigger anons here to draw out that extra bit of seethe. Nice touch XD
Sure she does, roastie
Does anyone really care about what reddit trannies say? Women like chads. Women like old chads, women like young chads. If you arent chad, you arent liked regardless of age. If you are chad, you are liked regardless of age.
When women are honest.
being touched by an old man feels like sexual assault
Brutal
LOL, Plenty of men over 40 are still fucking women over 25+. Most women over 30+ know this because they did the same thing.
If you are chad, you are liked regardless of age.
This is 100% correct. This minority of men can and do get the women they want. The other men have to settle for the women they can get.
for the money
Nobody argued that men over 40 can't get money hungry whores. The point was that young women are inherently not attracted to older men. Fucking someone for money is not attraction.
