Why do we never see the opposite happening?
What if e-girls met up with simps and killed them?
Would you still give them money?
I want there to be an e-girl that's secretly known for seducing simps and draining them of their wallet, blood, and cum simultaneously.
Imagine the lack of news coverage because she's attractive and connected and all her victims were ugly men
Because women are actually more violent than men, they're just not strong enough to act successfully on it thankfully
You'd have to be significantly more retarded than the average woman to throw away your life to kill an incel that probably wants to die anyway. Female serial killers are rare because they have no real reason to exist when life is painless.
i'm so pornsick the idea is hot to me but i wouldn't give them money.
What if the guy who wants to be killed helps her get away with it? She wouldn't be throwing her life away.
I would if she actually went through with it
All of it
Hypothetically of course
I'd pay my princess extra if she agreed to take me out of this world.
It does happen often, but more like the e-girl is used by a gang to lure in simps for robbery or kidnapping.
I am pretty sure if I met up with my /r9k/ wife she would drug me and date rape me and kidnap me or soemthing
I have nothing in my heart to do something like that, I just want to show her beauty and love and joy in love, but I have no idea if she has the same intentions.
This is so gay 
I wish the girl would do it themselves
aaaah I wanna be murdered by gothic e-girl
they aren't strong enough
They could be if they find a willing victim
Okay then, go find an e-thot to murder you
Literally how?
Where do you even find girls like this who won't immediately block you for being ugly?
this somebody please
God I'd want to do that, but it's super hard to get away with murder nowaday. Unless you fly me to your country, go to a remote location and then I fly back to my country, that would probably make it easier right? Prolly not REEEE
Let's say hypothetically it can be facilitated for satirical purposes.
What are your stats?
You will NEVER be sexually tortured to death by a girl and it's not fair!!!
YES I WILL
YES
I
WILL
