Seriously ladies, how much could a man make you do?
pretty much anything, if it meant keeping his affection/interest, quite honestly -_-
you could name it and id probably do it
Have you learned Korean to try to win his heart?
i remain latently weirded out by why on earth you would want someone to hurt you during sex but yoloooo apparently everyone else likes this so ok
yea but i am just enjoying the fantasy and parasocial relationship because there is a 99.9999999% chance it will never happen anyway 
its not realistic but i daydream about it a lot 
if you put me in a surreal scenario where it was actually a possibility to perform tasks in order to win his heart, i would do pretty much all of them no matter how fucked up, just for a chance for him to fall in love with me
or even just to hop on his dick
If you ever look up "courtly love" it was the parasocial relationship of the medieval times. A knight would swear his love to some highborn lady that he may never meet and dedicate his deeds of bravery and derring-do to her.
That's cool that you're learning a language though.
It is a little odd, but I roll with it.
thats honestly very interesting 
so i guess it would be sexes reversed and i would be taking the role of showing devotion and simping basically, yeah 
cool 
i think thats what fans basically are
go to korea to stalk him and record him
I'm sure a nice Korean boy would appreciate you, or at least use you.
I think femsimps are neat.
it hurts my feelings a little bit (actually kind of a lot but whateeever i've internalized suppreessing how much i don't liiiike it)
if one day i have nothing left to lose, i might turn into a full blown stalker, just for the hell of it. i heard some fans crowdfunded and bought an apartment facing a korean singers condo, just so they could look at him through his windows and see him on his balcony lul
yea i am a femsimp, cant deny it ;_;
i wish i had a close friend i could stalk people with
many, MANY such cases
I had my oneitis' baby, to give to him and no involvement mysself to raise, because his gf-eventually-wife didn't want to have a kid herself
e-hug for you e-creep
Since I'm not Korean I can't expect to use you. But you sound like a fun, if legally dubious, friend.
It's like both women kind of cucked each other.
o thank you &lt;3 hug back 
does anyone really end up with their first choice tho? i think most people end up settling unfortunately &lt;/3
You sound ugly 2bhwyf
i would say im moderately attractive, based on what others have told me and what i see in the mirror 
but not good enough for prince nyeongie 
and im a major pickme
Anything not piss or shit related, to be honest.
