Yesterday I caught my 3 year old son coping a feel of his babysitters breasts at the dinner table. I was astonished at how brazen hes becoming. Only the other day I walked in on him with his hand on my wifes bottom, sucking on his thumb staring me down. I know its important for my son to grow into a gentlemen who respects women and girls. I cant help but feel like ive failed him and its already too late
talk to him about respect and let him get to preschool first. he will learn by trial and error anyway. i'd say don't scold him rudely for it. it's also totally normal for kids to express their sexual urges with no filter.
Probably has more to do with them feeling thirsty
I remember copping a huge feel on my babysitters tittys and my Dad yelled at me to never do that, later I drew Slave Leia at school with massive badankadoos and got my recess cut
He HONGRY
Thats actually normal. Young children explore the world like that with their hands and mouth etc. When it does happen you just gently guide their hands away without making a big fuss about it. As they go through life they will naturally through cultural osmosis and so on come to understand things about modesty and keeping your hands to yourself. You should probably be more concerned with how you are going to prevent him from finding and consuming pornography.
nigga he's a baby
I dont want him MeTood when he goes to preschool and ends up being sent to baby jail
do you seriously think a 3 years old kid even knows what it means to be horny
They call it the crib, where he can't escape the bars
Woah it's like mushoki tensei
Your son is a Chad and you are a incel cuck.
Your dad is a faggot
Go back to r*ddit, faggot
(super original post)
Probably circumcised the little shit too, the puritan
I think a baby likes large breasts for reasons that aren't sexual OP
Is your dinner table normally at some chain restaraunt like hooters
Trips of truth. They are repressed by being sexually regressed so hard that they are that or fucking actually lowkey jealous. Like getting mad at a monkey acting on instinct alone. Your son is gonna get hella pussy fag.
Why exactly is that so?
Well
Nigga, it's a 3 year old. I'd understand if it were a teen or older but it's a fucking todder you dumb ass retard
Hes trying to fuck the babysitter fuck you
