I genuinely can't understand women crying about trannies usurping them or whatever when trans movement is a direct result and a part of the feminist agenda. You are responsible for it yet you cry about it?
Dylan Mulvaney for president 2024.
most women are very pro-trans anon. the only ones who aren't are "TERFs"
though I don't agree it is a "direct result and a part of the feminist agenda", unless you're an incel who thinks feminism means being anti-men or something absurd. the pic you posted is just of some schizo loser
How is feminism not anti-men? Or unless you're gonna say it's about le equality
because women have different thoughts, priorities, and ideals
lots of them are just misandrists who will take any excuse to have someone with a y chromosome
Most women dont give a shit about politics but will act act pretty disgusted if they see one irl.
it's not really a zero sum game
come on, please take responsibility for yourself and don't act like everyone else feels the same. you have no idea.
making up people to argue against, making up people to justify your argument. is any of it real?
The proxies got out of control kek
And you represent all feminists?
lol, what? what's the relevance of that?
Because you wanna talk like you can teach people on what feminism is
I'm not sure where you got that idea. I just said it isn't zero sum. you don't have to hate men if you're a feminist, that's an independent designation
Ok I dont care about this enough to keep it going but how can you pretend feminism isn't "anti-men"? Have you ever seen one feminist who doesn't cry about patriarchy or toxic masculinity or whatever? If you even glance at feminist history or their agenda it's obviously anti-male
to bump ragebait tweet pic op or not to baitstack
emotional stability > logical consistency
externalize responsibility > internalize responsibility
short term goals > long term goals
signal > demonstrate
Sweet, if we can convince more women to abort male fetuses that just means less competition.
