I really hate standing in line, I just have to wait a little longer then i'm going home again. I am happy when i'm at home and online
Finally moving forward to the next space, why can't I be at the front right now, I hate my life
looks like I'm next, I wonder why I joined this queue , wait what is that over there?
Where is everyone from that queue gone and who left that box on the floor?
Maybe it was dropped by someone in the line or it belongs to a Femanon
it looks like a nice box, maybe it has food in there, I could return it if I know who it belongs too
I should take a closer look, someone could have abandoned a kitten or a puppy, Hello in there!!
Should I continue with this thread?
I am waiting with anticipation my good man.
Oh god I've fallen into the box, help! help! Why did I look in the box.
Ok, we continue
Stupid that box is tiny how did you fall.
Also strange how nobody is responding to an actually decent thread.
Well this is bad, now i'm stuck in the box, what am I going to do? I can't live here.
Maybe if I rock back and forth I can tip it over and get out
Yes it moved, Well that didn't help much, oh I can see something, it's bright
You're no EFG but this is by far the best thread on this godforsaken board
Yep I can get out through the bottom, looks like I am free again
Something feels funny I can't move very fast
There's no Pepe or Wojak in the comic, though. How can it compete with the other threads?
What is going on with this box and why do I have this robot helmet on?
I don't feel like me anymore I am not myself, I feel like a "Robot"
Hello there!!, Well this is an unusual predicament
What have I become, I was not ready for this
Is this my destiny and my life from now on
How do I get a girlfriend if I always wear this mask
I will never make friends or have a life again, I feel empty and alone
It's over for me, to be happy and in love, to hold someone close
Welcome to the board, you're here permanently
Sorry for the bad thread but thanks to everyone that looked, I wanted to make something random, 
LOVE YOU ALL!!
Bad thread? Hardly. Simple creation, deep message. Thanks for sharing
I fucking love you, OP. Oregano
Guess I'm gonna post this guy doing a little dance in this thread
I'm sorry your thread got little traction.
it's ok, I never expected it to be seen by many, at least you saw it before it disappears into the void. I might make others in the future, not many but a few more
I liked this thread a lot. Please keep these little adventures coming.
When I have more time from work I will come here and try and make some others, takes me a while to get stuff made, The real world is so demanding
This is the kinda thread moot was anticipating would be the norm when he made r9k.
I think it is time for bed,
Good night all
Good night! Jrjejrngnrjjrrhhrhr
