<comment>
whats the most clown world experience you ever had?
<comment>
Not finding any interesting conversation on r9k. 
I do get why generations have left this place and never looked back
<comment>
ya. i've been browsing this shit too long. i can tell that most posters are new.
<comment>
Honestly, I don't mind new users. It's just that maybe every 5 threads can be condensed into 1. An example. 
I have issues with women 
I have issues with trans
I have issues with men
I have issues with incels/chads (femcels/stacies) 
I have issues with robots/normies
It's been talked about again and again, there's nothing new, no universal justice or whatever. Move on
<comment>
yeah thats what i meant with new users. in my mind an old user would know these topics have been beat to death a long time ago.
<comment>
live in a shithole city in the north of England
most of the people are genuine scum, and total mongs
next door is a family of at least 12 pakis(?), in a small house
these houses are not designed for that many people
out the back literally stinks of sewage
have to keep any back facing windows closed because of it
most of the street is like this
kids running about constantly during school hours
they go to school like 50% of the time I guess?
no idea what they do there because none of them speak any English
meh, not like northerners do either so whatever
anyway
next door is loud as fuck, of course
complain multiple times, even knock on their door
genuinely pissed off from lack of sleep
father(?) answers the door
apologises up and down in broken English, actually seems a little scared of me
noise dies down for a while but always returns after a week or so
one day there's noise, but frankly it's no more than usual
next day it's deadly silent
knock knock
oh shit it's the rozzers
"Anon, did you hear anything yesterday?"
"No more than the usual racket."
"Well some people came and stole all the copper piping, stripped the house bare."
burst out laughing, people nicking pipes out of the wall were actually quieter than the previous residents
"Why didn't you call the police? It must have been noisy?"
"If I'd called the police every time there was that level of noise, you'd be arresting me."
"You'll be lucky if we're not coming back later to do exactly that."
wtf?
just stare at him, completely dumbfounded
I'd usually say something but how does anyone respond to something that profoundly thick?
he walks off after a while of silence, never hear from them again
house doesn't ever have anyone in it again
mfw
<comment>
turn on news
Turn on YouTube
See clownshit
We're in hell.
<comment>
ya cops aren't your friends. the badge and uniform attracts so many humorless and powerhungry dweebs its unreal.
<comment>
Doing porn with my mom to get by, while we were homeless
<comment>
i accidentally started a videochat with an online friend of three years and he saw my face for maybe 2 seconds. i think he tried to ignore it but a few days later he blocked me. he begged me to be his girlfriend, told me he loved me all the time, etc but i guess i am just that ugly.
