I fantasize about being killed by women daily.
You like that you'd be ended by an inferior being. It's just another form of submissiveness
I don't know man times are changing
No shit
Holy fuck this board is dumb
I get really horny thinking about a girl murdering me
I fantasize about being killed by women daily.
Discord tag?
She tenderize my meat
No thanks glowbot
AAAAAAAAAAAH NO DON'T SIT ON M-
glowbot
Not sure why you think the alphabet agencies would give a fuck about someone wanting to be killed instead of killing. I'm into the same thing and it's fucking hard to find anybody with similar interests.
It's over for us malecels bros
More fucking please post more don't stop
And how is giving contact info to a random r9kanon through an IP logging spyware service going to help me in any way?
Not interested in ERP
Pic sharing. I mostly just have hentai though. If you're not interested that's cool too though.
My mouth genuinely started watering watching that.
WE MALECELS SUBMIT TO OUR SUPERIOR FEMALE OVERLORDS
That's a webm I didn't know I needed to see
I fantasize about the threat of being killed and being powerless to stop it, but instead she keeps me captive and abuses me while holding that threat over me.
I would love that too
But no woman wants a pet like me so I rather just be ended by her
Speak for yourself, faggot
Orig
Hypothetically, for satirical purposes, in what country can I make this happen?
How much would it cost?
Can't even tell a therapist
There is literally no help
The only thing I can do is get a girl to kill me
Imagine how good it would feel to cum inside a girl and then just die
anon you need to seek help this is not normal
I fucking need this so bad bros holy shit
Same, but no picture I've seen can capture what exactly I'm looking for. I just imagine scenarios and occasionally write stuff.
ywn have a muscle gf.
The thumbnail made me think that it was some girls being forcefully milked. Fuck you for being a faggot
i fantasise about being killed but i can't take it seriously when they're wearing these ridiculous outfits or acting like typical whores like the foids itt.
he doesn't want to be forcefully milked and butchered by average milfs
I want a girl to wear something sexy when doing the deed
It is a sexual encounter after all
I wish Queen Maeve was real
I wanna get smothered by a cute, strong woman. I love serving women where I work, I am beneath them.
when you tell your therapist the truth: good end
Is there a name for those lines where her thighs meet her torso, sort of radiating from her pussy?
I'd like the last thing I ever see to be a woman smiling down at me victoriously.
Don't know but I want to put my face right there
I feel like this is a common incel fetish. after years of growing up and being ignored/mistreated by women, you start to become submissive to women
probably tired of fighting several losing battles simultaneously
rather just have sex and then die
the killing is what's sexy. if they're trying to look sexy i think it totally ruins the atmosphere. it should be about their enjoyment, not mine.
i think the difference is femdom. i don't like women and i don't want to worship them. my fantasy is being tortured or executed by a psychopath, not a roastie whore.
it should be about their enjoyment, not mine.
Why not both?
Being tortured by a girl who enjoys it is fun for both parties
I also want to have sex with her while she tortures me
would you a bonk gf?
Honestly same. I think it's suicidal ideation mixed with a need to feel desired. If a woman wants you dead, it means that she feels enough towards you to give you attention in that manner. I also think I like that fantasy because it gives me an excuse to kms without being wasteful, and I naturally like to please others.
You could be onto something
Explains why this fetish is so common in these parts
I second this, sometimes have the exact same thought process when especially suicidal. 
Also considered finding someone who would use me in a snuff film in a similar vein.
I wanna beat a guy to death or strangle him while riding
I would let you do this to me and put me out of my misery honestly.
No, because I have will.
I wish you were a real biological girl this is all I want in life I'll pay money even
I do to
And I WILL have a hot girl end my life for sexual pleasure purposes
