why try at life as an undesirable man? what point is there to work hard and excel if you're an ugly bald manlet like myself? I feel like dropping out of my master's program and getting a job at mcdonalds or something. no amount of money or success will get me a woman.
because sometimes when you try something, you learn something. and it makes a cool feeling in your brain. it's a distinctly different feeling than just knowing something by mental perception. the physical information that comes with it is what makes u feel alive
You're right. You should just kill normies then yourself
no real reason other than providing for yourself
Look I'll get to the point. You won't get a woman regardless of your job.
But minimum wage jobs are fucking miserable in the amount of mindless worm you have to do especially at McDicks you'll be standing for 8 hours per day. And you won't be able to afford prostitutes either.
Finish your master's so you can have more job options to choose from. Life is shit and you are on full damage control right now.
always a good answer
they're low responsibility and there are plenty out there without high requirements. I could slough off and if I'm fired I could just as easily get a new job. all I'd need is to make enough to get by.
nice try glowies
--- this comment is original ---
date in your looksrange
women in my looksrange wouldn't want me
You can find connection
To lay the ground level, it's not like approaching girls at the club, who expect a great deal of Game on the side of the guy. Everyone at an anime convention is playing with half a deck. These are not the jocks who got the prom queen in highschool, these people were the nerds getting bullied. I have an us-them mentality, but it's not black and white it's nerd and normie.
So there's a few ways to meet people. The first is cosplaying a showing that is popular that season, attending the cosplay photoshoot, panel, and hanging out with people who are cosplaying the same show as you.
Without wearing a costume, you can play games with other people, and there tends to be a video game section or board game/card game section at most conventions. This can sometimes be in the dealears hall where it will shut down when they do (7-8PM), in this case there will always be people playing cards against humanity and other games in the hallways or tables of the conventions.
woman at anime conventions are still women though. I don't think being an ugly bald manlet but into anime is going to change anything. I'd have better luck trying to get with a tranny there than a real woman.
If you're gonna get fired in 6 months you're gonna have to change how many jobs until retirement? Sounds like a pain in the as + with modern technology fuckery your manager can see everything you do or don't.
Plus if you have colleagues they're gonna treat you like shit if they have to work harder cause of you.
Women don't date in their looksrange only upwards if you're ugly you have nobody to date.
If you're gonna get fired in 6 months you're gonna have to change how many jobs until retirement? 
I'll probably be dead by the time retirement rolls around
with modern technology fuckery your manager can see everything you do or don't
eh. not my problem. worst that can happen is they fire me and I'll just get a new wagie job.
again not my problem honestly. I'm at a point where I just don't give a shit anymore, nor should I give a shit about a minimum wage job or the equally low status loser people I'd be working with.
You don't need a woman. Have you even thought why do you need one? Just because society expects you to have someone? Go wash your face, dress up right now and go do something productive! Never give up!
Kill yourself kike rat
there's no incentive for me to do this. I could care less about what products I could buy or what places I could visit. the only thing I've ever wanted or needed, the only thing that has motivated me to accomplish anything in life is the love of a woman. now I've realized that I'll never get this so I'm just about ready to give up. I can't even jack off anymore, haven't for 5 months.
don't want to be THAT NIGGA (crab in a bucket), but i wouldn't personally want a career unless i was going to get a gf. can afford any luxury short of sports cars and houses with minimum wage, only point in any more money is to support a woman/child. but you should work OUT. won't get you a gf, but it feels good being strong desu. black niggers have the right idea. work minimum wage job, play fighting games, go gym, sleep, repeat. comfy life desu.
As a fembot, i would find it super sexy and cute of you if you an heroed &lt;3&lt;3
I've tried but never stuck with it. it doesn't make me feel good. not to mention if I stuck with it I'd look even more ridiculous than I already am. 
I'm sure it will happen eventually
I don't try hard. I am lucky to have a comfy WFH job.
I've tried but never stuck with it.
i'm sure you have. i guarantee you that you haven't stuck with it for more than 6 months of going every day though. it becomes all you live for and you'll understand why people make it their entire personality
average my olympia is 5'7 with many of them being shorter than that. stop thinking like a woman. a short, balding jacked dude will get more respect from me and anyone else you'd want respect from than some 6'4 lanklet gymtok boy. 
can kill yourself later or whatever, but you should first at least commit to the gym. chad jobs to the gymcel.
Why does a man have a penis
I actually feel sad for you... go to a therapist, you seem to have severe depression. Also, don't listen to what clowns in this board say. Women shouldn't be your motivation in life, if they are, you will never get them. They are more of a side effect of other things you do.
To fuck boipussy
To pee and cum.
I should've said "no meme answers". Fags.
maybe I will give it a shot again. I have nothing to loose really so why not
you seem to have severe depression
probably
they'd be a very rare side effect in my case
do. it'll also fix your depression when your body doesn't have womantier hormonal imbalances. you'll go from fluctuating between sadness and happiness to fluctuating between anger and happiness (which is a lot more fun)
I guess it could make me feel a little better about myself. don't think it'll be enough to fix me completely though. worth a shot
I used to hit the gym regulary with a decent diet for over a year when I was younger, still hated my life. Not everyone will go through the same experience as you
you sure you were depressed though? nothing wrong with hating your life if you've been wronged enough. it's a different thing to be a retarded zombie due to not being jacked though
Yes, I literally did nothing except hitting the gym, even dropped out of school because I had 0 motivation to do anything. At some point I didn't even really have motivation to hit the gym, it just became routine (a routine I dropped when I realized it changed little about my mental wellness)
sucks for you then. wari wari, anon
Holy shit it's almost been 3 years already since that monkey's death. I feel like the riots in Minneapolis was yesterday.
Time flies when you're a robot NEET anon
I'm not a neet though
I dont know anon. You probably wont believe me but I was a software engineer making well into six figures. My life was perfect, except no woman wanted anything to do with me.
Why did I want to spend so much money on material things when I can't get the one thing money cant buy, a loving relationship?
I've been neet for two years since then. No reason to put effort into work if the social contract is broken
op here. kind of weird since I'm also a software engineer (well I do webshit, pursing a masters in cs so I can branch out into machine learning eventually, well that was the intention). there's a good chance I'll end up exactly like you eventually. I'm realizing more and more that there really is no point in continuing down the trajectory I'm on if it's not going to result in a relationship with a woman.
