God I really wish I was born a male. You guys seem to have it so EASY. I have to wake up in the morning, do my hair, do my make up, dress modestly, make sure I look really professional, but somehow I am still shit on. All I am worth is my vagina and uterus. I know in the end guys only want me for one thing. Girls are expected to be kind, graceful, forgiving, nurturing. And if were not we are not valued. Guys on the other hand are noticed for their hard work, their commitment to family, and can defend and protect themselves. They can provide themselves and still be okay. Why wasnt I born male???
You don't have to do any of that you "choose" to do it to fit in
As a women's-issues-acknowledger I think it's just futile to try to convince male incels that women have issues. Sure you have a point, but they don't want to hear what they don't want to hear.
it's your party, you can be a bitch if you want to
For as much as robots here will complain, I'm pretty happy to have been born a guy. can't imagine being a girl with the typical drama, friendships are so much easier with other guys Not having monthly periods or expectation of make up really frees up time for long term projects. More so today with egg donations and surrogate mothers, it's never been a better time to be a guy and have your own family without risk of divorce, just gotta grind wealth, enjoy hobbies, while having a dog and you're pretty set.
I choose to do it otherwise Im not valued. A bitch can never live down that shes a bitch. I dont want to be some miserable old hag so I have to cope somehow 
I can be a bitch but im not mean
cool story, tranner
Friend, you do not wish to be a male.
It is not easy.
But, bait. And I have no rage to give you
you don't hate being a girl you just hate holding yourself to unrealistic standards. anyone will be drained trying to be a "good" person. maybe it's time that changes. save your energy.
WTF are you talking about? 80% of men are literally invisible.
Yes exactly.
So why are you moaning?
Because we don't fucking care. We have far worse issues and women have shown they couldn't give a single fuck so why in the hell should we?
It's over.
being a guy is like having all the tools and knowledge but nobody will hire you unless you do it all blindfolded
You have many ways out of this horrible way of life that you clearly don't want.
If you have gained enough capital, leave your old life behind and go on one of those living off the grid and quite life type people. Buy a small van and convert it into a home, live in your van and travel, from place to place setting up camp and eating nature. Dress how you want, stop wearing makeup, find some handy boy or girl to travel with.
This.
Women are quite alright with male suicide rates being higher and men dying from working more dangerous jobs but bitch when they earn less than men when they work part time shit jobs and take half a year off for having kids.
Right! I hate drama and gossip and thats all my female friends had to offer me. Periods suck, expecting to have a baby is even worse. I like my hobbies and my free time, but then I am expected to clean the house, do chores, take care of bills, go grocery shopping. All while I have to work a full time job and worry about my health, appearance and working out. Because vanity is inherently what matters most to women. I dont like it.
And I have to deal with being male when I wish I could be born female.
I always have to be confident and have charisma but acting as such disgusts me. 
Men are expected to be emotionless (crying or being too happy is only allowed to women). I cannot fawn over a cute kitten because it's unmanly. 
Male social expectations are 1000x stronger. Mtf trannies get crucified daily by society. Meanwhile ftms are seen as misguided. 
Let's trade.
And bonus since you are retarded and hate men you'll get to repeat this process for the rest of your life. Doesn't that sound like fun. Taking care if the house the chores the bills all by yourself for the next 50 years. Then since you're a woman you'll most likely not have the money you'll need for retirement either so we'll good luck avoiding the streets this is rapidly becoming an outcome for you foids. At least watching an entire gender shoot themselves in the foot is pretty funny.
Youre an idiot. I'd love to stay at home and have my worst worries being washing the fucking dishes.
Being male and female sucks as much honestly. I wish I was born hermaphrodite in another dimension
dumbass just get bangs, dye your hair black, wear simple eyeliner and black clothes and you're a 10/10 cute goth gf. It's really that simple. And the more disheveled, sleep deprived and depressed you look the hotter you become. 
Seriously it's a cheatcode for girls. Wear hoodies and oversized shirts for bonus points
If you were born a guy you'd probably be a loser and your life would be even worse. Only exceptional men are treated better than women, and you're probably not that
No you don't you dumb bitch.
can you have multiple orgasms?
I do like some girly things, and maybe youre right about unrealistic standards. Its hard when everyone expects girls to be some cookie cutter ideal type and then I constantly let people down. 
I DONT HAVE A CHOICE. If I want to be accepted in society I have to pretend. I do want to succeed in life. 
I do care about struggles men have as well. 
Youre right, it is over. 
This would be very ideal for me, but money is a concern. I also look fucking hideous without make up so. 
I can acknowledge that men work more dangerous jobs and have higher suicide rates. I genuinely feel sorry in that aspect and wish that wasnt the case. I dont care if Im paid less. 
Where did I say I hate men?
You can bully and insult me for being born what you can't be if you want femanon
I'll switch with you. I fucking hate being male.
Want to =/= need to. 
GET A DICTIONARY.
You are a dumb attentionwhore turdwhore retard bimbo cumslut dumbass insect fecal smear toilet water shit stain cockroach insect.
No you don't otherwise you wouldn't have made this thread on r9k 4chan. You just want attention and to milk it from people beneath you. See actions always have and always will speak louder than your words and for someone who avoids men hard to care about their suffering when you don't even connect with them. Again another action that speaks louder than your fake ass words. And let's see that you do care wow one woman in several million. Still changes nothing
The average man has no worth at all
Yep, its just a turdwhore looking for simpattention.
There are real things she could do RIGHT now to demonstrate she actually cares about male struggles. She could suck off lonely men and relieve them of their loneliness by swallowing it all.
this is why i love being a male
it's nice to see a genuine post among the sea of fedposting and racebaiting 
well, most of the problems just mentioned above are self made 
most men stopped giving a damn, and went full rogue so I guess you could do the same (at the cost of being ridiculed, or feeling out of place)
 Girls are expected to be kind, graceful, forgiving, nurturing. 
nobody forces you to do that 
I have to wake up in the morning, do my hair, do my make up
nobody forces you to do that 
that's bullshit
2 pairs of jeans per week, one tshirt+ a pair of panties a day, a jacket that you wash twice per year, and a hoodie (if it's too cold inside) sounds like too much effort? 
the only difference between men and women is that you need a bra 
[spoiler[ actually, you know what? the female demographic of this shithole might me so significant that the feds are actually investing time in demoralizing the women as well; picrel with timestamp [/spoiler]
This is literally an incel imageboard. The only responses you'll get will be some combination of misogyny and redirected self loathing.
That wouldnt be bad if we werent expected to take care of everything else too. 
Humans suck I wish I was a dolphin instead 
This would be true if I was a teenager but im not 
I might be a loser but at least I can be a loser without restrictions 
I dont know what to say im not a good bully 
Whatever anon you know what I meant 
Shut UP
what difference does it make
why can't you do it anymore? Where are you from?
I wish i had a cute depressed slight goth gf that wanted me to be happy all the time
It's not an issue of being physically forced, it's an issue of the draconian expectations placed on women to act only a certain way and it can be suffocating and unrealistic. The same as it is with men. You're obligated to act only within a narrow band of acceptable behavior or you'll be labeled a fag/cuck/beta, etc.
turdwhore retard insect cockroach vermin vomitous fetid festering herpes sore
Bully me for being a virgin who can't talk to girls irl that's something I'm insecure about, you can vent off your frustration at me
nobody places those expectations on women except chad and thats why their routines are so extreme: they're competing with other women for most chadfuckworthy appearance to get railed and cummed in by chad and have the opportunity to suck the turds out of his butthole.
Yeah, cause being inherently desirable and having more safety nets is such a restriction lol
I have to wake up in the morning
I'm a girl and I don't do that.
do my hair
I'm a girl and I don't do that.
do my make up
I'm a girl and I don't do that.
dress modestly
I'm a girl and I don't do that.
look really professional
I'm a girl and I don't do that.
I do that and it's nice to do that.
I don't know who you are but I want to marry you femanon.
That really isn't true. And I genuinely think your time here has distorted your perception of normal human interaction and society as a whole. The world isn't simply a night club of 20-something Chads and betas. There are myriad sources of social pressure to conduct yourself in a way consistent with a predetermined paradigm according to your gender. The world isn't just one big irl tinder. Parents, teachers, the law, media, peer groups, employers, culture driven group think, etc. To say that it's 'just Chad' is extremely reductive.
lol, what a shitty bait. ahahahhahahaha
seriously, i think a gay guy wrote this. lol
im not reading all that because your first sentence is facts denialism. I only deal in truth babe, sorry. touch grass.
Yeah exactly. Because in the end its all Im good for. No one cares about my personality or other redeeming qualities. 
I mean reading it out loud sounds pretty mundane but STILL. If I dont do these things its unacceptable, im not good enough, im not professional, etc. 
If I want to live a successful fulfilling life I have to do these things. 
The difference is I work in a professional setting and have to work with the public all the time. Who is going to take me seriously? 
You get it, thanks
Yeah I'm not reading the rest of your annoying blogpost, but we can have the world handed to us for just opening our legs, you know that right? Get with the right guy and life is easy. The hair and makeup shit you're whining about isn't even necessary, I don't waste my time with it and I get by just fine. I wanna be a dude too (ftm) but if you're born with a pussy and don't see the overwhelmingly obvious female privilege given to us then you must be blind deaf and dumb. God I hate foids. You shouldn't be allowed to post here, this is a man's website.
Thank you, that's nice.
You do not have a personality or other redeeming qualities, because you are a chadonly turdwhore.
Be born female
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
Have a $10m asset between your legs and loved by all
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
Utilize asset and privilege to live a life on tutorial mode
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
Live a happy life in luxury
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
Be born male
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
You are alone in the world and has nothing
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
You must fight against other males for everything
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
Other males are stronger, better and more experienced than you
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
You will properly get killed, incarcerated or disabled in your pursuit of women and resources
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
If you against all odds reach the top, it will be an endless fight against all the hungry young men 
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
You will most likely die without ever have experienced romance, love and true relationships
Top 10 Female struggles in life:
but the question is, can you have multiple orgasms
why do u care. just find a bf and live for him and devote your life to him. 
where are girls that would do that
are you american
If you're not in a hugely different timezone you want to talk and see if we get along well?
My only wish for you is to be born an ugly girl
if I want to live a successful fulfilling life I have to do these things
Only because you live under the common female evolutionary error
That wont ever happen, you'll always fall short. Choose WHO you want to be attractive for and nice to, and stick with it. 
We are not regularly killing eachother anymore, so you do not have to be ready to jump from one guy to the next within minutes to ensure your own survival. Unless your own vagina tingles and gold-digger demands make partner switch dramas happen, you can pick one or at least one archetype of guys instead of always trying to appeal to everyone.
An ugly girl can still get married to an ugly guy but you won't because your standards are too high compared to your value
It's really not that great, trust me. As a man, no one gives a shit about you and if you struggle with anything, you're completely on your own.
You women can be valued almost instantly while for men it takes several years to build it. And make up isn't even that attractive, just be fit and clean and you'll be good to go.
Crazy how still most men find most women attractive but most women find most men unattractive then you want to talk about unattractive women. They are the minority. Now unattractive men are the majority and you still want to try and make women the victim in this. Absolutely amazing.
you wouldn't need to do any of that if there was no feminism
This...
An ugly girl can:
I want a woman that looks like this.
you purposefully ignored what I just said
gtfo and saged
Based and digits, best post ITT
I pretty much never see this so I don't know what you're talking about. The women I have met were pretty self centered and selfish like most people.
Wait till you are 40 at that point you are basically a man
A feminine one but still
Even the landwhales demand a 7ft tall gigachad trillionaire in 2023. The sad thing is they've rigged every law to cater to psycho foids, so a 0/10 woman can get a 10/10 man in 2023 Matriarchy World (AKA Earth).
Many such cases.
You literally just have to not be a whale and you can't do that?
If you were a man you would hang yourself in less than a week for not receiving attention lol
Based and truth-pilled.
Unless you work a professional job none of that's necessary. 
Just wear jeans and a t-shirt. I don't know anything about makeup but just comb your hair a few times. Putting too many "hair care" products in your hair will only damage it in the long run. Then you'll need even more hair care products to maintain the look. 
Women sometimes create their own problems. They hold themselves to standards that men don't hold them to.
but she wants to outcompete the other women for abusechad's attention how else will she get to taste his cum!
And you get 74 replies to comfort you. Meanwhile the most mental robots fight for a single (you)
She wants to suck turds out of abusechad's ass!
precisely. exactly.
Girls are expected to be kind, graceful, forgiving, nurturing. And if were not we are not valued. 
A lot of guys, myself included, like girls that are more tomboyish in their personality. However even that's not necessary. The only requirement most guys have is not creating unnecessary drama.
No one is noticed for their hard work. If you work hard at a job the most you can expect is a 3-4% raise that can't even keep up with inflation. Then you get laid off during a downturn because you're overpaid relative to your co-workers. You have to switch jobs every 2-3 years if you want to get anywhere.
Well it's most likely bait so I wouldn't get too worked up about it.
doesn't matter if its bait. its the ground reality for all women regardless. sneed and cope, touch grass.
noticed for hard work made me lul.
the only thing i have to show for 10 years of hard work is a hip replacement @32. men are like throwaways unless they're chad.
Troon out or embrace your feminine side. Should I ever get a wife I expect her to keep the house clean and get groceries and keep an eye on the bills but I don't want her to work a job outside of our home. If she wants to engage in some type of cottage industry that is fine as long as it doesn't detract from her duties. I want a full stomach, empty balls, nice house, and some time snuggling would be nice. Men looking for stay at home wife don't expect a second income and would likely see it as a downside. Your retirement is assured because if he's alive then you're taken care of. When he dies you inherit the house and portfolio.
