Brave girl survives weird creepy guy approach to asking her out. She is still recovering.
https://www.newsweek.com/creepy-stranger-caught-hitting-teenage-girl-during-her-livestream-1590947
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-9571863/Teen-captures-uncomfortable-moment-creepy-man-sits-makes-unwanted-advances.html
https://www.boredpanda.com/creepy-man-approaches-teen-girl-women-experiences/
https://marieclaire.hu/riporter/2021/05/13/tizeneves-lany-idosebb-ferfi-video/
https://www.neonmag.fr/elle-prepare-sa-video-tiktok-et-se-retrouve-a-filmer-son-harceleur-577361.html
Literally makes international news in Britain , America, France and Hungary. and goes viral on TikTok for millions of people to see. Your thoughts?
I think thats a good thing, people need to stop giving beckys attentions and crush their self esteem
She's mid and looks like a tranny
Dude, the guy is ignoring the most insanely obvious discomfort imaginable, as well as a clear refusal of his request to sit by her. What she meant was he could take the chair and move it to another table, Jesus Christ the social retardation on display here is mind blowing.
I think it's really gay that people care about this kind of shit, and that includes OP.
This. That nazi chud needs to be hanged in public for harassing this teen.
What she meant was he could take the chair and move it to another table, Jesus Christ the social retardation on display here is mind blowing.
Now here's a comic where the meaning is reversed.
He sat next to her for 2 mins anon and tried to make small talk, no reason this should be news
He is not an incel. Incels do not have the confidence to do that.
Poor fucking guy. I hate women.
This goes on to make national news for the guy being "creepy." This is why women are a plague.
Perhaps he won't after this. Many incels tried sitting next to a girl in a college lecture hall or something and made small talk about the course. They didn't try it again if they made the girl uncomfortable.
lmao
this is only creepy and uncomfortable because people have forgotten the art of conversation. good conversations require two good participants and if one sucks the other carries or ends it. she doesnt instantly politely tell him to fuck off because shes internally conflicted with the sudden meatspace validation the weirdo is still giving, hence the hesitated responses. combine this with smartphone brainrot of faintly hoping this random encounter will end with some net positive dopamine hit for the femoid lizard brain, not receiving it, and her social retardation of being unable to gracefully end a conversation that had no reason to begin, she and other terminally onlines conclude this is harassment.
basically this. the guy's only sin was being awkward.
This is why, as an autist, I don't even bother to try. I'd probably get accused of being a creep and be in jail by the end of the day.
I feel protective of the guy, he just wanted some. I don't know why he was cold approaching a girl that's not even cute though.
It's like she read that he's not a chad mid sentence and her mind insta-alerted rape danger and she started to reject him right then and there. Why she can 't just let the nigga hit it dry we don't know, she's not a real woman I assume, just some hypersocial girl who thinks he's 'not fit for her and the clique'
Most us gave up long before college you failed normie scum
Notice how his face/identity isn't part of the story. Who gives a fuck. Stop making excuses you pussy
this is old. its one thing to be annoyed by some idiot who wants to chat you up when you want to be left alone, but this girl is having a complete mental breakdown over some guy trying to talk to her. 
you can tell this girl has been raised on social media. only a social media subhuman addict would act the way she does
Knowing reddit they've probably already identified him by voice and tracked down his employer to have him fired.
i want to know how unattractive that man was to make her react like that
The bitch wouldn't have said or done ANYTHING if she wasn't streaming or recording.
The attention from her followers gave her a high.
I mean ... guys ... just imagine yourself in a woman's position for a moment. It is uncomfortable when suddenly a stranger comes to you and wants to contact, and you don't want. That is not an "eew incel creep" opinion of me, it's just the situation as it is. I always tried to be polite when such things happened (not often), but I was always thinking "oh no, please just leave me alone". It's stress, especially when you're not an extravert person. I don't want to say that men (or men with unfortunate looks) have "no right" to do that - of course they have, but it's just not a good idea. Flirting should happen only in appropriate situations, like pubs and parties, or at places where people know each other at least a bit, like school or uni. Strangers randomly flirting is something that only hyper attractive people can do without creating awkward situations. I mean ... it's no ones fault. The world is just like that.
They react like that as long as you aint Chad, foids are fucking crazy
Pretty much this. I've accepted that I'm incompatible with the general population. And that's OK! I'll live my life, they live theirs. One day somebody will probably shoot me over a misunderstanding, but again, that's OK! We all have to die sometime.
This is because people online tell autists to """beeeee themselves"""" and ask people out without giving any context cause they don't care about what happens to said autists
I am gay whenever a guy I dont like tries to flirt with me I simply say "eww not interested" simple at that he gives up and doesnt waste his time any further but black guys for some reason cant take no for an answer so I have to run when they try to come on to me.
some of us are slow and delusional enough to think things will change in college.
I've had random hobos, Christians handing out pamphlets, and local politicians on campaign come up to me. I have never treated them like this. 
I gave the hobo a $20 bill and talked to him for 20 mins. I spent half an hour talking about religion to the guy handing out pamphlets. I told the politicians I don't vote. Simple As.
I've never had women walk up to me for any reason, but I wouldn't be opposed to it either.
We only tell autists to """beeeee themselves"""" because they won't kill themselves when told to do so and they won't shut up about being lonely. If every lonely sperg hung themselves tomorrow, all the incel bullshiit you guys whine about would be solved by the sudden man shortage. But you're too selfish to hang yourselves, even for the good of future incels.
being not extroverted has nothing to do with being unable to shut down someone pursuing a chat. youre just a shy bitch and maybe a bit socially retarded to tell someone i want to be left alone, could even go further and say i dont know you nor do i want to.
Most "incels" are normies who simply barely get sex due to the Chadosexual mental ilness in foids
That doesn't change the fact that killing themselves en masse would make the world a better place for everyone, people like them included, and they're still too stupid, selfish, and shortsighted to do it.
Why would killing themselves change anything? Gen Z has proven that foids have more to do with incels existing then men do so shut up retard.
This isn't Kant's categorical imperative anon, the different details matter
you just know by the look on her face the guy was some 5'9" midget. his only option is to get limb lengthening surgery
Incels haven't "proven" anything, they've sat around on unmoderated forums blowing smoke up each other's assholes for more than a decade now. There's no way the sudden death of 20% or more of the male population fails to radically improve both the dating market and the job market. Incels openly admit their lives are worthless and they have no chance at happiness, so why can't they sacrifice themselves to prevent future inceldom?
Wth are you talking about? Incels dont reproduce so you cannot blame incels for creating incels you fucking idiot
Don't get worked up too much by bait.
Killing en masse of about 80-90% of men would just destroy everything, every system and every world economy since most of the work force are men and since 80% of them are gone ....
The coomtard foid doesnt care about this anon
Any time a woman looks at me she has this disgusted look on her face, even when I had no intention of talking to them it still happens
Well that sucks, im not even 6'5 anyways im actually a 5'5 skinny manlet, would be pretty funny if some foid responded to me thinking im a tall chad lmao
For me it's Indian guys. They're unhinged and very tenacious. One time I almost went with him just because I was so exasperated.
Wow, what an improvement.
tldr and dont care bitch.
Watched the video she was alone by the pool when the guy came to her
Do you guys really empathize with this creep or are we just ironically incelposting?
