Complete this sentence.
White boys are built for _____
Chastity? Sissification? Extinction?
Black pussy
Hmm, do go on
/thread desu
lovin white, black, asian, hispanic, indian and arabic girls, BAY BAY!!
loving women
loving shitskins 
Ew.
Being captured, enslaved and having their bussies bred by Arabs, Ottomans, Romans, Persians, Greeks and Spartans.
do go on
How about we do like your race, and don't.
Why were they so desirable as boiwives?
What did you mean by this fren.
Why were they so desirable as boiwives?
submissive and breedable. 
but to elaborate, white boys have the best arses. juicy, pale, pink, feminine, and tight little arseholes. no other race can compete, everyone knows white boys are most in demand as bottoms on grindr and in the general lgbt dating scene everyone wants to fuck a white twink in the bum.
What did you mean by this fren.
Nothing. Don't think about it.
You will always be an undesirable stinky ricecel lmao
Me. They're built for ME.
I'm just waiting for artificial wombs at this point because most white women are insufferable. Also I would never interact sexually with someone less white than me.
You are absolutely fucking deluded if you think the government is gonna let incels get their hands on artificial womb tech lmao. You would all just rape and neglect the kids.
This but single men in general, artificial wombs will be for gays and women
looking pretty and making more white boys to admire
I like looking at all the races because they sre all pretty in their own way, even bantus produce some fine specimens from time to time (presumably the ones with less archaic homonid admixture)
anyways, as far as a I could tell, the death and rebirth was eternal, and beneath it all, the promise of fire. But this has always been the case. In this spirit, that was not the case when i went to join the army. Those were days of great patriotism. Many citizens came from all walks of life to serve their country. They became brothers.
Do you see what I am talking about? Phew...its all so tiring...one more time, and ill remember who i was, or where i have been going...
Bro nobody except literal billionaires will be allowed to have access to that shit. Can you imagine the levels of child abuse. Youre deluded.
gentle femdom and role reversal
being pleasure boys, sex toys and breeding bulls for ethnic girls
Don't get me wrong people wont have them in their living rooms but access will be non existent to single men instead of just restricted like it would be to gays and women
white men are the most attractive race and the incel community is mostly ethnic, so much so they have a doctrine called JBW
The white population is shrinking rapidly and white male suicide rates are also rising. Western countries are increasingly relying on non-white immigration to support their ageing population. 
From what I have seen, most white guys really struggle to get attractive white gfs unless they are top 1% Chads. 
They are either settling for non-white women and having non white mystery meat babies, or settling for obese white women and popping out maybe 1 kid after her series of weight related miscarriages. I want more white femboys, especially blondes, but the future doesnt look too bright for them.
breeding white woman with cunnys
t. white cunny headpats and uoooh enjoyer
Lookism sites were literal fed honeypots. JBW was a psyop, pushed by Jews, to encourage white males to sexually pursue non-white women and miscegenate more. The majority of 4chan users and lookism users are white.
all the stats are a conspiracy, jut trust me bro, i know a guy
What stats? Most stats show the user base was heavily from Europe and the US, and particularly Germany for some reason.
Makes sense given that immigrant women describe German white boys as shy and asexual.
White boys are built for having sex with me (another white boy)
That's just what happens when you grow up in the W*st
t. non-white living in Germany
I'm not an incel, I just hate interacting with women. Me and my husbandwife are considering getting a surrogate however. I am happily married to a beautiful blue eyed blonde haired trap. I don't find children attractive, and honestly it makes me cringe that you'd write that. I would want my child to grow up strong, and smart, there is a lot people seem to repress whenever they "become an adult" and it's useful to remember you were once a kid too. Theres a lot out there information wise with studies showing how best to raise a kid.
We both want at minimum one kid from each of us, I have darker features but am still white, while my trapwife has beautiful dainty elven features.
