Empathchan made me send her 27k in crypto and said she wouldnt block me but she did anyway. Fucking soulless whore I loved you. Unblock me or ill kill myself. Does anyone have a link to her server I need to speak with her
Boy oh boy. Normally I would just advise to move on, but at your point I would also question my sanity. 
Although it's tempting to propose you a counter offer of sending me like a couple of dollars so i could buy some booze and drink with you (just kidding, you don't have to send me money)
Dude you got fucked over, get over yourself and move on or else you'll eventually kill yourself.
wow... guess she isn't really that empathetic
lol get what you fucking deserve dumb ass simp faggot
I can't imagine sending an e-girl any money for literally not even a blowjob
lol
rofllmfao
Please tell me this is bait...
Killing her and then yourself would be a better option because you both deserve it, my fucking God.
this is either real or gorilla advertising for her server. she's extracted thousands of dollars from many guys. hell she even pulled a hundred from me
Empathchans server
Enjoy
/tv5Ct4c
Jesus fucking Christ. Did you even get anything in return?
I've given a few hundred dollars to a bitch but in return for many nudes.
its ok bro, I gambled 24k to 0 in the span of like 2 months while fucked on weed benzos and alcohol. life goes on brother.
are u niggas even robots? this is literally the ugly schizo fake edgy queen herself being cringe once again trying to advertise her normie server where she gets to larp as a girl with simps and orbiters. the reality of the server is that's just people calling her ugly and saying that she's is not a femcel. is kinda funny when she looses her mind over this but you will also feel sorry since she clearly belongs in grippy sock jail. oh also, you'll most probably get banned. 
to empathchan: you are not an intelectual, you have bad taste, you are not rich, nobody cuts for you or sends you money, you are not interesting and you are not a femcel
https://voca.ro/1brMI07rkOJG
self posting the server in the spam of 3 minutes lmao, you are so fucking pathetic and such a try hard. please get the fuck out of here
i can't think of a lower lifeform than an egirl and you faggots are tripping over yourselves for it. i honestly can't understand.
i can kind of get it if you were into the degradation and rejection, but you're clearly not.
yeah i am a robot it's why i need a story to click some dumb thread about an e-whore instead of ignoring it
Thanks, kind stranger.
Now I know all I wanted to know.
go home beta orbiter cucks
omabakeikaku owns this bitch
how the fuck is empathchan still alive
Orbitfags have never been robots. Reminder that one of the founder of onlyfans came from r9k. They see people here as piggy banks.
It's obviously bait to shill their discord server, hide and report anons
Need sources niggggggerrrrrr
If you get tricked by Empathchan of all people you deserve it
You BPD people deserve each other
lmao the crypto number goes up every time that retard makes this thread
empath chan is a god that we should all worship
Stop simping for bpd demons. Why would you expect anything other than pain and suffering?
fucking KEK imagine cutting yourself over empathchan
Psychopath-Chan more like.
Why wont she love me? i tried everything i licked a toilet bowel on camera i cut myself i sent my entire paycheck to her and she still blocks every alt i make. it fucking hurts. I wanted to save her
Post the toilet video
