Do you marry her still? I'd probably still marry Anri Okita. Tits are too big for me to care and I'm also a sucker for Jap women.
Could I marry an armature pornstar? Or does it have to be a professional one?
Amateur or professional doesn't matter. It can be either one.
Your family will still be told of the videos and porn she participated in though. Be aware of that.
Probably Natasha Nice, has a nice Mom body and eats assholes like she's starving.
Probably either Maserati XXX or Rachel Raxxx. Maybe another black bbw.
August Ames easily. I could Have saved her
Any 8/10 that's only done softcore nudes/gravure
Valentina Nappi
dillion harper
just to name a few...
objectively perfect taste anon
the way her tits just fucking exploded during pregnancy keeps me cooming back to her regularly
i actually wouldnt care too much if i ended up marrying a woman who exclusively did lesbian porn. idk if theres many porn girls like that though
bro can choose anyone and he goes for a 5/10
Hitomi Tanaka, Natalie Mars, and u/Ursulasayshello (an obscure negress who made amateur porn and then dipped)
i would wife evie
Manuel Ferrara
Rion, best tits in JAV
Masha Babko then
Alexis Texas. She was pure.
Janet Mason. Perfect dirty mom.
Gianna Micheals
Ava Devine
Kelly Devine
Sheena Shaw
Francesca lee
Alexis Silver 
Kelly Caludia
Bailey Jay 
Dreamm1e
Julia boin
either lena lovings or andi rose 
lena lovings for the looks and shes cute but she also did some cuck videos which i think are cringe and andi rose is a cute coed flat chested abigail shapiro(pic related)
anna bell peaks or romi rain
whats her full name shes hot
I'd marry Corey Harrison.
I would marry Mika-chan, I love her expressionless face when she has sex with the fat guy who hired her as a sex slave to shoot porn.
Violet Myers probably. Met her once at an anime thing in California and she was pretty cool
Dangerously based individuals.
Also based, but only because of the first two. Also, Sara Jay.
Thats typical for a white guy tho.
Why is that surprising?
Japanese only, whichever one has the most money to spend on me.
So I can fuck around with other women as well?
That nose
Definitely Mandy Marx, I have a crush on her
Abby without the booba
Definitely Mandy Marx, I have a crush on her
something about Harmony Wonder's goofy far apart eyes does it for me
Can i ask her to keep doing porn while married
that's the game
Does it have to be "porn"? 
What if she just did some "modeling"?
based, mia melano retired and now is a model
I've been following this Claudia Garcia girl.
Average but pretty, blonde, pale, few tattoos, huge fat butt and tights, nasty in general. Young (18). Can be saved, beaten, abused and tortured. Will the cuddle on your lap afterwards ignoring her beaten face. Very childish.
Nao Jinguji
human perfection
Its surprising there's no Anya Taylpr Joy deepfakes or porn parodies with her. They have similar looks though she's less ayy lmao.
Any pornstar that only does porn with a dildo or their husband/boyfriend, so someone like Xev Bellringer or MyCherryCrush.
I was thinking Xev but I think it'd make the relationship with my Mother too akward when she finds out that I have such a strong Mommy-fetish that I married a professional Mommy-pornstar
Small-titted pornstars are a good sign for something long-term because the fact that they don't get work done means they're not on the slippery slope of getting bogged like so many other pornstars.
I'd rather die a virgin
Asia Carrera in her prime. Stunningly beautiful with a giga iq. This way, our kids would be smart af potentially.
i would not MARRY any porn whore because only low t BETA white bois do that.........
i would just use the whore for sex until i have had enough of her then ghost her.........
I don't know any pornstars by name. How did you all end up like this?
Fay Ragen would sober her up and marry her ass
You're all retarded. I'm going with Paris Hilton. She's only a porn star by technicality, so the only video my parents would know would be the one that everyone can find out about by looking at her Wikipedia page.
Hmm. Idk. Lisa Ann maybe. Or gianna michaels because she's wild as fuck. I feel like she would be a rude bitch though.
FirstBornUnicorn
Codi Vore is my dream girl. I would give her everything. I would do anything be her loyal beta provider until the day she dies.
But honestly, I'd only marry a porn star if she was still doing porn. What's the point otherwise? Everyone's going to call you a cuck so you might as well get the cuck sexual experience out of it. If she's retired then she's no different than every other woman who's fucked a hundred guys before you, except normies won't call you a cuck for being with those ones.
Good choice. Also my choice now that Siri chopped her tits off.
Good mindset too. Preferably, I'd like a girl like Codi, that still acts and does a lot of blacked porn we can watch together after she gets home from work.
Larkin Love for me
This is exactly it. I want to be able to drop her off at work and pick her up afterwards. I want to go out to industry events with her. I want to cuddle with her at the end of a long hard day and listen to her stories.
Gia Paige. 
I would definitely marry Jade Kush, regardless of whoever knew about her porn past. Those pretty Asian eyes and monster tits have extracted some of my biggest loads ever
This is a man with very specific tastes.
uwucaptain
huge titty ugly-cute creatura is ideal
Stop self advertising. We know this is you.
I forgot Asa Akira
I'll just assume you have a gun at my head, so I'll just answer.
I wouldn't marry a pornstar (because I'm not a cuck like War Machine), but I would definitely clone 100 Anri Okitas if I knew how to. While I'm at it, I could probably isolate her breast growth genes and sell them for a pretty penny. I would make one Anri clone for myself before this undertaking and then start making 100 more afterwards.
Really, what titillates me in this situation is being to walk past the rows of naked Okita-sans in containment tubes with their breasts and black hair floating in amniotic fluid. I'd also impregnate each and every one of them once the process for each clone is complete.
Having to answer this question would give me extreme anxiety. I would be so worried that I was making the wrong choice. I would probably rather just give no answer but if I really had to choose I would blurt out a random name between a few of my favorite porn actresses
At this rate, I'd have all mastered the art of genetic engineering and start a project driven by nothing but ambition.
I'd ask for a dickmonster of a man with massive testicles to cum into a beaker to isolate his dick and balls genes. I'd also requisition the genes of an intersex person. With these genes, including Anri's genetic template, I'd start engineering a creature that encompasses the peak of male and female fertility.
What walks out of the containment tube, covered in amniotic fluid, would be Anri Okita her post-pregnancy boobs in addition to a massive cock and large testicles. 
Of course, her pent-up girls and wang would need a test drive, so there'd ideally be a willing volunteer (paperwork out the ass btw) for her to impregnate in the sex of a lifetime. If not, there'd be an equine breeding mount for her to cum inside. 
Regardless, I'd be hailed as a genius for creating the ultimate lifeform or at least be nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize. The breasts of a fertility goddess and the penis of a Brazilian shemale.
https://youtu.be/It9I5XNAEOA [Embed]
Gay.
wow what a bluepilled basedboy
As for me, I am extremely tempted to say Angela White, just because she's very hot and also the biggest pornstar ever so taking her off the board for the rest of you is funny to me.
But the real answer is obviously Belle Delphine. I would get her out of porn then do the most degrading, degenerate stuff to her imaginable and NONE OF YOU WOULD GET TO SEE IT. I'm talking cock nursing all night every night, not because its cute but because I don't want to have to get up to go to the toilet. I would put her in vaccuum beds. I would do horrible horribly things to this poor poor woman.
