Talk to woman
Instantly tell myself that she's repulsed by me, things wont work out and that it's all pointless
I'd seek a therapist if it didn't seem so rational to think what I think
Same. Sometimes I wish I were autistic so I couldn't see these things. Though avoiding eye contact is almost as effective.
Instantly tell myself that she's repulsed by me, things wont work out and that it's all pointless
That's the truth though lol. A memerapist will say you have self esteem issue, but it's literally what will happen.
Sometimes I wish I were autistic so I couldn't see these things. Though avoiding eye contact is almost as effective.
hurrr hurrr hurrr
This, except I'm a 5'5 Manlet with a slowly receding hairline so I am definitely correct about my assumptions
The voices in my head that tell me I can read minds
Really?
Friendo
If you are not Chad and dont go to the Gym or you are not Rich then its Pointless to Talk to Women
Incels
I refuse to talk to women, ever
Also incels
It is not my fault I don't have a gf
Come on, you know fully well it has nothing to do with reading minds.
You look like picrel and are a 5'8" manlet, you're not rich or extremely muscular.
What is the point of trying? Better yet, what is the point in giving yourself false hope?
We all know what women want and if we are honest about it we'll conclude that what women want is not one of us.
I mean, every single one of us has at least a decade or two of experience with not attracting women in any way, shape or form. We know how things go...
Extremely muscular
What? Women prefer lanky handsome Chad over bodybuilders
You faggots need to get VR and use burner accounts until you become charismatic. You will get over it doing that. Its a much safer way to do things and you better do it before eye tracking becomes mainstream and you can make true eye contact in VR
he thinks chad doesn't go to the gym
There are plenty who don't, most important factors to being a Chad are face and height
fuck off bobo
fuuuuuck uuuu
Talk to a lot of women then. To gain self confidence dominate life in all ways available to you. This will literally prime your hormones to negate the effect of thinking of not being good enough
Best thing is to be a leader of a group of men, or at least a well regarded peer. Pack support makes you feel invincible
Everytime women talk to me I get extremely bitter because it seems like they either aren't interested in me at all or only want me in the friendzone. I have a bunch of friends who appreciate me, I'm also basically the one who brought them all together since I often make my friends befriend each other.
Dude, I *personally* know guys that look worse than that at 5'6" with a wife and kids.
But you refuse to even TALK to women.
You're just a gutless quitter.
every single one of us has at least a decade or two of experience with not attracting women in any way, shape or form
so you are 38 years old?
Seems you serve your friend group instead of participating as a peer
They spent lots of time with me even when I was completely broke so I doubt it. Even when I just want to stay home they want me to hangout with them
Instantly tell myself that she's repulsed by me, things wont work out and that it's all pointless
Have you instead tried telling yourself that she's attracted to you, things might work out and that it's gonna be worth it?
How about trying to get new friend groups without discarding old ones? You retain your persona across friend group and that can keep you down mentally despite your obvious progress
Because you want to have a coherent image. With a new DISJOINT group uou get to craft a new one.
No they don't, retard. Their idea of a "lanky" man has the physique of a professional athlete. They just think that because it isn't roid-tier muscles, it isn't muscular.
Actual skinny/lanky men repulse women.
Yes, I got friendzoned, she told everyone that I asked her out and she told her friends about how she made out with some Chad from Tinder infront of me. Reality hit and it felt like a parody of my fantasies
I appreciate my friends and don't see why I should replace them, it wouldn't improve my life. I'm fundamentally not made for what I want and different friends wont change that
so you are 38 years old?
Plenty of guys in this board in their 30s. I myself am not 38, but am in my 30s too.
Being a miserable loser follows you for life.
Have you instead tried telling yourself that she's attracted to you
I can tell you that might work while you are in your early 20s, but by the time chicks start getting married and having families (mid-20s usually, ymmv) that's a sure way for you to end up with a crush on some married woman who has no interest in you beyond the friendzone.
All genders love twinks
I know multiple tall handsome dudes who don't hit the gym at all and get female attention on levels that are so cosmically far away from the amount of attention gymcels I know get, it's comical
Being a miserable loser follows you for life
Duh.
I wonder why you guys refuse to change, tho
Not replace
Find ANOTHER group of you can hang out with IN ADDITION to uour old one.
I barely have time and energy for my current friends, new friends wouldn't change shit and as I said the problem is the very core of my personality and not something so superficial it can be changed with some new friends
Talk to woman
Instantly tell myself that she's repulsed by me, things wont work out and that it's all pointless
me too, I have a lot of experience to back it up so I'm not wrong imo
The "twinks" women like still have defined muscles, a prominent six-pack, and big arms. They don't like men that lack those things, aka actual skinny men.
I see gymcels get way more success with women, meanwhile most of the incels on this board are skinny.
t. 6'2, 125lbs, 7/10 face
I'm a really good looking guy and I've never been to the gym but I'm more of a pretty boy
Its about the image you want to learn to project against the image you keep for "legacy reasons"
You seem stubborn therefore I assume you got what I said but just find solace in your misery like a submissive little wanker
If you're trying to tell me that a fit dude with average genetics gets more female attention than a tall and handsome dude, then you're a delusional brainlet not worth talking to
Yes, that's exactly it. Muscles > everything else unless you're goblin-tier ugly.
height, face and position in the social hierarchy is much more important. Money isn't
I can look at someone's face. Women often have a disgusted look on their face when I walk past them.
picrel
That is my fetish....
