It has been 3.5 years and I have a new gfI truly love. I am worried I will call her by my exes name on accident. My ex was also truly perfect in many ways.
Glad I avoided such problems by being a permavirgin.
Just learn to jack off to porn like a normal pervert again.
Inb4 normie get out reeeeeee
Ideally I would also like to quit jacking off in general. Watching porn fucks your head and gives you ED.
I had the same problem op. Only solution I had was to completely delete all her nudes and all of our sex tapes from everything, it took about a year but I stopped jerking off to her. Now fast forward 5 years and i'm stuck again, jerking off to sex tapes of a different ex girlfriend of mine all the time, I think you just gotta learn to live with it. Even people who are happily married still fantasise about past exes sometimes, you'll never truly be free of that special bond and a part of you will always be attracted to them, so I just live with it and focus on the present as best I can
it's normal to jerk off to ex's and the memories you created together, especially the sexual ones. the only difference between 1000+ years ago and now is that it's readily accessible the have nudes of your ex because she was big enough of a slut to send you nudes. keep them, jerk off to them, and use them as a way to remember the memories you made with her. no different than some vacation beach side photo
How did you get over your ex?
Mine was super conflicted but didn't want me to see her go through all her medical shit, and now I'm sat here feeling like she didn't allow me to support the person I love.
:(
I feel that, anon.. it's almost been three years since me and my ex split up and I still think about her even though she was awful. I wanna get out there again but I don't want to be with someone good and fuck it up because I'm not completely over my ex yet.
There's 2 girls in my head that I will never forget and I will compare everyone else to them now.
My first gf, she was pretty much perfect and I screwed it up, and my second kinda-gf, who was very obsessive and hypersexual.
The bar is set astronomically high now. GG
I love seeing threads like this because I was the first gf of all of my exes and I can tell theyre still obsessed with me by the way most of them still stalk me on social media, or just their face if we happen to cross paths in public. Keep being obsessed with yall's first gf. They know and they enjoy it.
I'm only obessed with her by hoping her life is going terribly
I don't see how, I just want to fucking forget.
Been jacking off consistently since early teen days and I'm just as horny now at almost 28 years old.
If you have a fetish that clicks with you perfectly it will never be a problem.
