where does /r9k/ stack up?
https://youtu.be/yi6lxoNRGUk [Embed]
i have large penor at 9263 inches and miles 
i love my big large wee wee weenie peenie
6.9 inches but I always round to 7.
The fuck is wrong with normies, seriously?
Same but 3.75 inches rounding up to 4 inches.
Look at how asian his face is
mine is 9264 inches
lol you're a dicklet
6.0", I think it looks goood tho no cope
7.5 but if she is drunk enough she would say it feels like an 8
it makes sense that only guys with 6 inchers or more would join this study, i wonder what the pajeet dicklet was thinking. Im 5.8 so I would be second to last buy way bigger than last place.
5.5. That video looked very humilliating and 4.8 guy either killed himself afterwards or has a humiliation fetish
He thought he was average
i am a 7.5 inch INDIAN MAN, also over for niggercels 'MUH bbc' yet the nigger was only 6.3..............
I don't think anybody with a dick legitimately below 6" hard would even consider joining this thing. Hell, my dick is 6.3" bone pressed, it's upper end of average but I'm still not happy with it nor would I EVER consider getting it measured and compared with another man. 
Congratulations to the 4.8 guy, he's got bigger balls than me, metaphorically of course.
Hard or flacid?
they measure all of it, soft, hard, and circumference
6.7 ish hard. I'm also a white manlet twink like that guy in picrel so guess it checks out.
women want short king bwc niggers cant compete
Kek why are 4 of them so small, literal hobbit people
The 7 and 8 inch dudes will never get laid, they are actual midgets. Must be hell having a big cock but being so short women dont even see you as a real man and so you will never get to use it.
8x6
But it's irrelevant since no one is interested in finding out anyway lol
Cope. Confidence is king and look at OP's pic. The manlets look smug cause they know they've won while the tall fags look at them and internally seethe. If you aren't pushing atleast 7 inches in 2023 you're a dicklet that will never please a woman.
You could have a 18 inch dick and no woman will ever look your way unless you are at least 6ft.
The manlet with the biggest dick is Jason Moody, he does porn. If you're a manlet with a big dick, then you could always try and get into porn if you want sex.
Proof this video is total shit. Seen his dick its 7 inch at best. Everyone adds an inch and distorts the reality for everyone else
wtf hahahahaha
This edition of jubilee is absolute propaganda. Indian men are slaying irl
Its pain. 
t. guy whos exactly what you described.
I've thought about this but I feel like my autism would make it difficult with women. Like they can tell when talking to you that youre off, wouldnt that make having sex with them really difficult?
Bone pressed is usually the standard way to measure an erect penis, plus factor in that everyone always rounds up their true length. I would say he's around 7" non-bone pressed, MAYBE he's close to 8" bone pressed. He's not close to 8" NBP that's for sure, I would know because I'm around 7.5" NBP and 7 7/8th" BP, and I'm undoubtedly longer than him.
why the fuck do you stupid niggers keep calling him a pajeet when he's clearly mexican? he probably called andres thus his nickname andy
It's just 0.2 inch. :(
Pathetic. You may as well take estrogen/10
Jubilee is so retarded
lol. No homo but when I fuck my wife, I sometimes imagine she is actually a really really weak and submissive beta bitch boy with bitch tits, soft sissy body, extremely low test and wide hips, and a super tiny small dick. I overpower him, nut inside and show him what a real man is.
Why the fuck would I care about other guys' dicks? You're all a bunch of faggots. Mine is mine and that's all that matters. I already hate women and don't care about sex. If I ever had it, who cares if she likes it? I already got inside her, so I win in that exchange.
im sure it'lll get massive someday dooood
6" long but my girth is pathetic and is probably around 4.2"-4.5"
there's a good chance I'll never have sex anyways so I've honestly stopped worrying about it
For what purpose. Honestly, it was over when the whole dick pic thing became a thing. I'd rather die than send a picture of my dick to a girl.
