find a bee on my carpet
his stinger is prolapsed
but he's still wiggling
delicately slide a piece of paper underneath him and pick him up
put him outside
put some honey next to him
he eventually stands up
keep checking on him
he seems bad
google what to do
go and buy some sugar
give him a cap of sugar water
he pokes it and moves around a bit more
eventually he somehow un-prolapses his butt
he doesn't go anywhere though
he just paces slightly
up and down the stair slowly
sometimes on the side
ask for advice
turns out the white blob on his butt was his organs not his stinger
he's basically walking around with his intensines hanging out
i just can't see for his bee fuzz
put him out of his misery
wasted hours of my time trying to save him
but much worse than that all i did was drag out his suffering
mfw the best thing to do would have been to just immediately squish him and not even try
all i do is make things worse
did this with a gecko my cat attacked, walked outside after giving him some water and he was being devoured by ants. Made me feel bad. This is going to happen to me one day...
at least you can blame the ants
not that ants can really be held responsible for their actions
but that wasn't all your fault - the ge ko might've lived were there no wayward ants
At work and I see a bumble bee flying around
My boss screams at me to get it out.
I try to move it towards the two doors leading outside
it disappears from my view
I go back and I hear a loud buzz
The blue light with the sticky insect paper has it.
I can here screaming from the blue box
it sounds like "help!!", "NOOOOOOOO!" Oh "NoOO"
I panic and run up to the box and put a chair in front
I jump up and turn the light off
I can just see the bubble bee is head first into the sticky paper
I run down the hall to the back of the storeroom and grab some wooden coffee sticks
I run back and climb up to see the bumble bee suck 
I use all my energy trying to chopstick the bumble bee off the paper, it is stuck hard
I free it and it is crawling around inside the blue light
it tries to fly and slams back into the paper and gets stuck again
I grab a plastic tumbler and pull it out and into the tumbler 
I run to the door and stand there with it 
his wings are stuck to its back and I try to free them,
I free them with a little force,
I look down and the bubble bee is looking at me with puppy dog eyes
I say "fly now little one you are safe and free"
he turns and takes off and flies up and over the field 
my boss yells at me and says i'm stupid for wasting the sticks and messing with the blue light
I go back to work
Sometime you have to try and fail but even a small action can feel good in the world
Don't be so hard on yourself, fren. You tried to do a good thing. Sometimes it doesn't workout but we still have to try. How else can we expect there to be any good in this world?
giving honey and sugar to a bee
thats the equivalent of giving a cow some milk
You tried your best Anon, don't feel bad for that. That bee allowed you to know what to do next time. Sadly when their stinger are like this, there is nothing much to do anymore.
Similar things have happened to me. Not pleasant experiences.
But this is life. It is hard to accept that we cannot save everyone or everything. Sometimes we mess up and make things worse and other times we are successful. That bee is in peace now. Same for the gecko. Nature works in a brutal way but in the end it isn't evil. We are part of this big mess and the best thing we can do is to live until our time comes.
Keep having a kind heart. You will still make mistakes but learn from them so you can improve that help you provide.
Yeah? No shit, they're both super nutrient dense food they produce to strengthen and grow their young. It's exactly what you should give them when they're injured or sick.
You tried, you felt compassion for a fellow creature, and you did your best. That's something to be proud of.
that was a girl bee
bubble bee
What exactly do you call them in your country?
"Bee" ?
What exactly do you call them in your counttry?
"Bee" ?
I spelled it wrong many times
Bumblebee
Bumble bee
Bubble bee
What do you think bees eat?
Peas, because they are full of vitamin B!
great contribution mr basedjacker!
(he will respond with this post as a greentext and a basedjack image attached as his creativity and thought are equal to that of an AI)
