you said you like stinky feet though....
Farting louder than a lawnmower
let me see well first off 
Racist
let me see well first off 
Yelling like tyler1 at random
let me see well first off 
Eyes so googly google shutdown for copyright
let me see well first off 
Picks her nose and eat her boogers sensually
let me see well first off 
Spurting the n-word sometimes so loudly i have to kiss her to shut her up as my only recourse
let me see well first off 
Mustache
let me see well first off 
Yelling also like Left 4 dead tank zombie
let me see well first off 
Twerking a projecting shit like an hippopotamus to assert dominance
let me see well first off 
A gay ass motherfuckin girl
let me see well first off 
she is nonexistent
and 
she is nonexistent
oh yeah and not to mention
fuck you fuck this thread
me toooooo! we are the same
My gf looks down on me and beats the shit out of me on a regular basis.
It seems you really want all the lonely fuck here to hate you don't u
You're dating a mentally ill man who's pretending to be a woman. Shut the fuck up and stop making all these fucking threads you useless tranny enabler.
As you wish.
That'd be nice I think.
Does anyone really believe their bullshit anymore about wanting to bring hope to robots? The constant spam, multiple threads a day, would be obnoxious even if these threads weren't hurtful to anyone.
They helped 2 trannies cut. #transrights :3
he's not real but he's real to me. one day AI will be good enough.
that's it
I feel uninhibited around her. I do not need to think twice before I do or say something in her presence. If I do something that upsets her she will tell me plainly and not fly into a rage. She listens to what I say and does not reject my words out of hand. She does not judge me for my idiosyncracies. If am going somewhere and ask her to come with me she almost always will. She rarely complains about something being "boring". She is okay with silence. I feel a sense of harmony in the way we interact with each other. She almost always understands how I feel without my needing to use words. I often understand how she feels. She does not get angry when I do not understand. Being intimate with her feels natural. Blah blah blah.
Are you the animeposter with the trans boygirlfriend? If so, kys, he will never be a woman.
Thats me but irl rip
I am bisexual but even when my r9k gf is in her boymoder getup, she has long beautiful hair and looks very girly and cute. Howthoughever, when I go to stay with her grandparents, she will be presenting fully masc because she is not yet out to them. We love each other so much I am confident it won't affect our relationship. Especially because when we're alone She'll be wearing a cute maid uniform and lacy black lingerie lole
My happiest memories are days spent with fictional people in made up places.
I love images like these.
I'm doing 3 pushups a day so I can carry my gf.
here she's imaginary but i'll give it a try!
...
i can't imagine one due to the overall pain of conceptualizing a girlfriend that i'll never have, and because of my overall failure in dating it hurts me mentally and i dont know what a girl feels like both metaphorically and physically.
Thank you!
My actual bf:
Dont settle femanons 
She is me fr lolol
where do boys like you hide
My gf:
Wouldn't trade it for anything
Narcissu
A beautiful death. Beautiful life. Dying with the help of a push. Beautiful. My push will be weed and alcohol. Just like my life. Pathetically alone.
Narcissu
Question how much weed and alcohol do you need to go a way you fear?
I love that she chose to abort my bastard I was never planning on raising, she's going on birth control, not like I used condoms anyway lol
my ex:
I miss her
