When was the last time anyone here had friends?
Personally, it's been about 13 years or so.
my girlfriend is my only friend, I don't interact with anyone else outside my family
Still have a few friends thankfully. For some reason they enjoy my company
Conventional friends? 6-7 years ago. 1 year ago if you hanging out with someone once or twice in an year counts.
Online friends? 2 years. Real life friends...10? 11?
About 8 years ago
I had one friend in my entire life, this ended back in 2002 I think, so 21 years with no friends of any kind.
That sucks. I'm still grateful for the amazing friendship I had as a child.
It's fine. I found out that friendship, like relationships, are all contractional. Once you don't fulfill your role, they vanish or solely pull away. It's all bullshit in the end.
8 years, I'm pushing 30 wtf. I never thought I'd be that guy that overstayed on r9k (23+), but here I am.
Well, somebody has to turn the lights off when this is all over.
I guess so, the rate of new posts have been going down steadily over the years to the point it's quite slow now, it's only a matter of time till it's dead. I've also noticed the average user is more and more mentally ill, probably because the healthier ones were more likely to escape, and because there are fewer and fewer new users to replace the old ones.
i have old friends that all are progressing having partners and families living far away
i have a transient job and make work friends but never around long enough to establish long term bonds
It's fine. I found out that friendship, like relationships, are all contractional. Once you don't fulfill your role, they vanish or solely pull away. It's all bullshit in the end
Took me forever to learn this
trip 2's
Nice. Yeah, like most normie things, it's all bullshit. Nobody actually likes each other, just what they can do for them. It's why women hang out with fat women. Tall guys have short guy friends. Jacked people have friends that are skinny or fat, etc.
I always thought that friends were supposed to take care of each other and be nice along with some fun stuff in between, but I guess I just read too many books when I was younger. It amazes me how many people talk shit about their "friends" behind their backs.
That's all media propaganda, just like how they brainwash guys into thinking women go for personality. 100% bullshit obviously. As soon as you're away from the group, they will tear you to pieces. The more you learn about normies the more you never want to be like them.
Friends never change man, it's like dude lets go camping kinda shit and they're okay with that until you wanna do something like rent a jetski and everyone never wants you to come back after you break that shit. I get banned from anything motorized when it's a rental. You know it's like I get it if it's a real thing. Rentals and stuff like It doesn't work if you hit the breaks and try to peal out in a corner. I could corner this at 15mph. I slammbed my breaks early anticipating the corner then floored it. They got in my way and made me look stupid. It would have worked. I've had so many people not die when a take a corner like DUDE OMG WHY AM I ALIVE. I'm still taking the wrap over that shit.
13-14 years ago. I miss being a teenager.
It's not difficult to make friends, it's just difficult to tone down being fucking crazy and stuff. Most of the time when you made friends when you were a kid or whatever people were okay with crazy stuff happening. After a while you don't want to drag them into your insanity. Or vice versa. A friend isn't a ride or die mother fucker, their the kind of person you want to stand up for when a rowdy fucker wants to start some shit while they're trying to chill.
I managed to make two friends recently. Before that, I'd been friendless for about 6 years.
So you're literally just like every other person in their late 20s early 30s. First you stop hanging out in big groups, then you as a couple only hang out with other couples. But that stops happening when those couples ether break up or get too busy having kids.
4 years. Not too shabby for this board.
Never had. I am naturally hostile and brooding. I have never even had an online friend since I can't stand the idea of having to play at the same hour as them or making up excuses if you don't want to play that day.
