My final thread on here
I wanna start an online cult where fat men are my slaves. Who's interested?
Yeah okay, guess i'll just go fuck myself then
What are your requirements? I'm 5'6 and 186 pounds is that fat enough? Also are you a girl?
Yes i'm a girl
Requirements are be as fat as possible and do anything for me including carving into your skin
Daily reminder that tranny hands typed this post. Anyone below this post is a certified retard.
*Strips naked and puts on a bow tie, 
Your foot stool is ready !!
be fat so no women were interested in me ever
but not fat enough for the unicorn fat fetishist
Nope and nope
You're getting pretty unoriginal, find something else, nobody laughed
Oh my god are you the anon from the first thread? Love you
You should lose more weight and find a nice gf anon
Oh my god are you the anon from the first thread?
Yes, your foot stool is one and the same.
Happy to have my footstool back :)
I wonder where all the other piggies have gone...
I actually did in an surprise genetic disease way. Now I'm worst of both worlds: skinnyfat.
OP here, and you need to bulk, it's the only way to fix it
As a fat guy I would rather be dommy.
What would you do to your sub?
I would creampie and breed her.
Boring. What else
I would blindfold her and fuck her in the mating press position while wearing latex and choking her until she's mindbroken.
For me it's violence and painful sex when I'm like a hog in heat. Degrade her little pretty face and turn her into my bitch.
Now we're talking. Not bad anon
Who's interested?
only if you are a qt grill
Animalistic feral hogs ate the best. Would be such a shame if i accidentally fell ass up in front of a hog in heat...
carving into your skin
Lol no but I can give you unlimited cum tributes
I meant are not ate
Anon's post turned me into a dumb bitch
Not what i'm looking for anon
Bumping my own thread in case any hogs from the first threads are online
I miss you domhog anon
I was just playing with you, anon. I'm not even fat.
mfw no huge pig to either get abused by me or abuse me
That was shit anon, never write your fantasies out again
I'm kinda interested in the opposite scenario but good look femanon.
Ok, I take it back mistress
Piss is so gross, are you into piss?
No, I just thought it was extreme
I wont do it again
l kind of am.
Do you realize how disgusting you are? Like unironically. Holy shit
Yes. That's part of the appeal.
Bitch what appeal? Even i am disgusted
You've made your point. Shut the fuck up or I'll piss on you.
Looks like this piggy's getting taken to the slaughterhouse!
If you're gonna be a disgusting animal, at least know your place
You could piss on me if that's more to your liking.
You don't even deserve to be pissed on
So boring anon.
Not you throwing back an insult i used on you because you're rattled
When the fuck did you use that on me retard?
Scroll up dumbfuck
Also i gtg, this thread will have to manage without its op
search boring
2 results
none in reply to me
*kisses*
I might be interested. More details?
Requirements are be as fat as possible and do anything for me including carving into your skin
I'll do all this for you and more for your attention
Would you be willing to bully a borderline chubby anon into eating more and turning into a fat fuck you can humiliate and degrade into scarring himself for you?
Can you do it on this thread and carve something into your skin and post a pic for me? What i want you to write is "PIG"
No, too much work
Idek if you're a girl or not though
OP is a transgirI. You can interpret that whichever way you like.
There's no way for you to know but i'm a bio/real fem
Believe it if it makes you happy attention-whore, anyways...
attention-whore
Oh the irony.
Oh shit you're right, i should just make my cult by telepathically luring guys in instead of chatting them up 
That's totally how it works right?
What does this cult do ?
How do we meet up to be abused ?
What is our logo?
What tools to you use on us?
What is the Doctrine and belief system?
Do we have commandments if so what?
How will you pleasure us if we are good piggies?
Do we all wear robes and pig masks to hide our identities (lol tities)
What if I beg you to permit me to stuff my face and carve your name into expanding stomach?
The cult centers around blood and flesh. Robes and pigmasks arent necessary but you need to only wear red. Real cults dont need logos. Dont tell anyone about it. No pleasure for pigs. Only inflict pain on yourself for me, maybe if i'm bored someday i might sext or some shit. Commandments is that my desires are sacred and nothing else is.
Does this cult have any members yet? Interest seems to be lacking.
If you're gonna carve my name do it now and post a pic
No, i began recruiting today, don't even have a name yet
I don't think you'll get many people prepared to cut.
If nothing else works i'll just find a fatty to have rough sex with
sounds good, are you in europe?
Nope
(insert filler shit so my post doesn't get discarded)
always goes like that. guess american?
Yep
(insert filler shit so my post doesn't get discarded)
I wanna start an online cult where fat men are my slaves.
They'll line up for you half-naked just to get kisses. 
Please do not abuse your power!
That would be cute though
Yeah, it's cute until you start sexually manipulating them to please you. 
Groomers like you disgust me, deeply.
Me holding my little penis behind the guy having sex
I wouldn't do such thing. If anything they would rape me before that happens
Anon my fucking sides (this is still OP btw)
OP, I'm curious how this fetish(?) of yours originated. A past relationship? Childhood trauma? A scene from a movie?
A fat animated character when i was a kid
I'm just a cum guzzling fleshlight for morbidly obese men
This bait is getting stale. What's next?
https://voca.ro/17jGbY8AX7Yj
How the fuck is this thread not archived already
Aww. It didn't really turn out.
Good piggy! Mistress is so proud of you!
I am a fat prick (330lbs) and I would like to be your slave Goddess.
Oh baby...that made me bite my lip. How about you carve stuff like "slave", "pig" and "hog" on your naked body and poqt pics?
Carve as in cut myself?
Yes. Be a good boy for goddess and please me.
source? 
askjfawelfk
Has this "woman" ever posted anything to make you think she's not just a dude? At least demean yourself for a reason, guys, cmon.
It was more of a confession kek
My pussy is for greasy hogs only
I posted a vocaroo in a prev thread, but stay mad anon
Nobody is gonna listen to you
Fair enough, but I still hope these fat anons can lose the weight instead of whatever is going on here. Godspeed.
some other anon posted a vocaroo then this one started spamming the same threads
Why does it matter if Mistress is a woman or not? Mistress is Mistress. Thta's all that matters. I wouldn't expect the faithless to understand. Begone, heathen. The time of "Piggy" has come.
Because if it was a man, it'd be Master. Maybe your Mistress should teach you basic literacy, piggy.
That's writing, not carving. I want you to cut it into your flesh, piggy
Says the person talking to a pig, apparently. Why don't you join the piggy cult, Anon? Even one as dim-witted as you could have a place here as a piece of meat to be toyed with. &lt;3
I'm neither fat nor a pathetic worm. You should command your piggies better, they are currently failing to live up to your desires. Perhaps you need some correction yourself, "Mistress".
