Bignosecel here.
Im a smallnosecel
Big red nose, with occasional acne even at 30+ and blackheads-cel. Without it I'd probably be a chad-lite, but a lifetime off this affliction has completely warped my mind and self-esteem to the point that I don't even want to get it fixed. I just want to get away from everyone and be left alone.
is this your actual picture??
shecels seacels on the seacel
Braincel, homecel, carcel, socialcel
i am a volcel (voluntary celibacy)
and i became one quite late in life, after having fucked around a bit
are you retards gonna scream now
Regarding looks?
The classical chinlet and jawlet type.
Bad genes generally. Asymmetrical face. Bad skin. Low testosterone during puberty.
being a fatcel sucks cause no one takes you seriously. even incels parrot foid talking points and shun fatbros by acting like losing weight is easy
no, but I look very very similar
shut up you fatso
I hear you.
Reverse search image of your selfies will help you tell what kind of in_CELL you are. Try it, you stupid fakecels because i surely will be M0GGED BRUT4LLY ! ! ! 
funny way of saying fatherless/motherless/shittyparents
No such thing. The biggest nose man in the world is married.
https://youtu.be/SS8i85nOcQo?t=72 [Embed]
This. Having a big nose doesn't matter for men, having a small nose is actually a death sentence.
nosecel cope. look at male models and actors, they mostly have either small or medium well shaped noses. imagine brad Pitt with a huge hook nose lmao
David Gandy and Sean Opry have big noses. If you have a big chin it will balance out the big nose.
I have a phenotype that usually correlates with a large hooked nose but my nose is tiny, it just looks wrong.
big nose is actually the "best" worst thing to have. Having receded chin, lack of jawbone, terrible eye area or scarred facial skin are way worse.
i suffer from a condition called "currycel"
It's also the easiest and cheapest to fix. Jaw surgery can take months of recovery and result in loss of feeling in the face.
You don't even fucking know if he's got the largest nose in the world since it's not like they have to legitimize that information, this is journalism 101, and with the person involved, he's going to get enough economical leverage for the time being to get somewhere in life compared to a fucking bland person because he's not part of the equivalently larger economical stream. He can betabux and not go homeless, GG EZ.
Stop being such a fucking ape, i thought this was r9k not an echochamber for monkeys
He lives in a small town in Turkey and was married before winning the World record.
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mehmet_%C3%96zy%C3%BCrek
Stfu big noses are a chad trait.
Manletcel.
Autistcel.
That's the biggest two.
Chinlet and manlet
picrel
Obesecel here
framecel and manlet (it's kinda over in Scandinavia if you're not 6'3, I'm 6'0)
