does it hurt you?
No, the opposite. If anything it's liberating, yet cathartic
The original gets posted like every other day here, why did you resort to posting one with a watermark lol
dont really care about it desu. Its just as annoying as the "dear women" cat posting faggot
nah
Its just truth and Im saying it as manlet who lost his v card in summer between middle and highschool, older girl forced it on me
No, but what do you do with the knowledge? I still want to socialize but have no way of doing it. Everything I can think of doing will lead to embarrassment.
What are you doing now? Do you still have an urge to socialize or were you able to satisfy/suppress it?
No because real life isnt high school, everyone who was a chad when i was 16 is bloated, bald or both now. As an adult you can just choose to hang out with people who like you, the internet makes this stupidly easy. Everything else can be improved with effort. Unless you are actually retarded or extremely ugly you arent fucked.
I think if you come on r9k to try and rage bait or post retarded shit like this in an attempt to trigger us (or to get attention because you have none from anyone real irl) you're in a much, much worse situation mentally than most robots.
The real irony is that these people are more miserable than you have ever been. Ever wonder why people say their best years were in high school? Because after that came kids, bills, jobs, and marriage drama.
yeah these are the people who are like 25 and have a kid and a used up wife and now have to spend the rest of their lives dealing with that because they peaked early rushed into an 'ideal' life before they even knew who they were.
Just playing video games and NEETing. My autismbuxx kicked in and I get 1k a month. I already own my home my family built so other than paying utilities and the yearly tax on the property, im golden. Until they find me dead of course
Yes but what hurts more is the exercise that I do that makes me way more dangerous in the ways that matter than this faggot quarterback could ever be
Dudes like him (or any kind) always seem nervous when I'm around them and their women. 
When I mutter things under my breath like "shut the fuck up pussy" while they're talking, they seem to hang their head and none of them ever look back
Does this hurt you?
it hurt more when I first saw it when I was still 13. I cried.
not anymore, I've seen it too many times
This is why you need to be obviously capable of hurting people, even when you don't. Even when you have passive body language, people still know that if you wanted to you could cause them serious and permanent injury.
It used to bother me because I'd go out trying to make friends and people would just act like I was some dangerous psychopath. Nowadays, I just treat people like they're scumbags and revel in the fact that most people realize that where it really counts, they're weak as fuck
There weren't even anyone undisputably hot at my school, so meh
There's a passage in the bible that basically says "Heaven is reserved for those who have dangerous weapons but are determined to not use them".
Jordan Peterson has a similar belief where he says that just being harmless alone is not a virtuous thing. To be a good person means to be capable of doing harm but not doing it.
I think in general, this is kind of an aspect of life (and especially as a man) that you come to grips with at some point. It's basically what you're describing.
If you just make yourself weak because "you might hurt others" then you open yourself up to being taken advantage of.
Probably by people that are less neurotic than you and are more prone to just walking up and demanding things.
If you want to actually be a virtuous person and not just helpless, then develop tools and skills that give you leverage in life. Maybe things that other people fear.
I played sports and it was hard work. Dating girls was a lot of fun though.
If she was a girl I'd know, sure. It dont hurt me strangers get laid, I don't know them
Using entertainment as a surrogate looks like my only option too. Did you have to adapt to this or did it come naturally? And when did you decide to do this? I stared to question my future shortly after finishing my education. I have to work for a while but aside from that I don't know what to do.
it sucks because I know any relationship will have a bitterness to it now that I have missed out on teenage love. Theres almost zero chance that I could find a young cute virgin who will love me more than she loves my money, and i'm not interested in anything else. The next best option is a fucking sex robot.
Why are you antagonizing incels? Is society afraid of incels or not? I don't know what you're hoping to accomplish.
The internet is a shit way to meet people.
I've thought this too, but it's dangerous isn't it? One unlucky encounter where you tried to look tough and you might end stabbed or shot. I'm not going to risk myself like that. Because, why should I? Why should it make me happy that other men get insecure around me? Do I live with those men? They are nothing to me, so I don't really care. Why risk it? You can look tough but behave normally, a bullet is cheap friendo
