My current crushes are 
4/10 (but cute) cashier 
54yo milf hair dresser that was probably a 9/10 at her peak. 
Of course, both are completely unattainable by an ugly retard like me.
What about yours?
having a crush
on a 3DPD no less
Not a robot
Fuck off to reddit
no, I'm a legitimate robot
Latina at work she has tattoos
Cashier at the racetrac she has a very cute face. Saw her today crouching down stocking stuff.
have a couple of conversations on /r9k/ with random femanons
they seem nice
I'll probably never speak to them again but the enthusiasm for their hobbies (baking, reading, making model houses) gives me crushes on them all
those are the only women I've interacted with in years
not even entirely sure they were women
Oh well.
do you think you have a chance?
I haven't had a proper conversation with a woman in years too. Do you go outside? Crushing on real world women is a bit painful but still a good coping mechanism.
do you think you have a chance?
Not at all
I dont have crushes cuz Im not raterded fag
I mokay with any women being attracted to me and then fuck and dump them
Do you go outside?
No. I've always struggled with it but in the past few years it's become basically impossible. I was just kinda happy to realise I could still have positive social interactions.
My crush is a delulu mass murderer cult leader with a skilled tongue and a weirdly flamboyant anime interpretation
A girl walking her dogs stopped to talk to me like two weeks ago as I was parking and heading into my place. I never talk to my neighbors so that was nice.
she initiated a conversation with you?
yeah. i usually nod at people and say morning or evening when passing by in and out of my apartment. nothing more than that though, usually. do you talk to your neighbors?
I just say 'hello', but a woman has never initiated a convo with me
Crushing on this qt ashki Jewish girl. Her skin is as pale as milk with cute freckles all over it and her smile is to die for. I think she might like me back, despite the fact that I am gross and brown. Gonna ask her out.
