Women receive compliments and encouragement all the time but still whine about feeling insecure LMAO
Because those compliments aren't from Chad
Robots are kind of the same too with Stacy
Those compliments arent sincere. You ficking know it, everybody does
what about you OP, do you feel insecure?
I at least think I'd prefer the former, but it's a point of view I can't experience.
When you receive them all the time they lose meaning and become so annoying, inside you start to become numb
Nope, most men receive zero compliments from anyone, stop trying to spin the reality around to falsehoods.
Yes, and not every food I have is the bestest most delicious food in the world. 
Try having no food first, retard.
this is cope. women receive thousands of genuine compliments from plenty of men who don't want to fuck them and just suffer from a general simpiness and love of women in general. The fact that you accuse these men of being predators essentially (because they're not Chad and are daring to speak and exist as humans) is very telling and also demonstrates that you have no clue about male psychology. 
If you are a man, you have a female brain.
I get compliments from men all the time, women literally never.
You get sexual compliments from men? Good for you, I guess.
No just regular compliments, like a new piece of clothing or looking bigger after training more.
I always get compliments from old ladies, my mom and my aunt.
Because they lack substance.
Once I heard a story about a famous violinist who was performing in New York. His concerts would sell out with seats going for several hundred dollars a piece. So the day before his concert, he went to the New York Subway to perform the exact same songs there for the ordinary street people. Not a single person stopped to listen or paid him any attention. This is the same man who people would shell out hundreds of dollars for to see in concert.
This is what being a man is like. If you're in a position to be seen, either through money, or clout, or having a good social circle, lots of women are attracted to you and will easily fall in love with you or at least sleep with you. But if, through life circumstances, you don't have these prerequisites to be noticed, they'll look at you like a pile of dog shit they just stepped in for trying to start a conversation with them on the street.
Idk I guess you just need to not let it get to you and try to be in a position of fame and celebrity so you can have a harem of hoes.
You're a lying faggot. It was in Washington and people did stop to listen https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hnOPu0_YWhw [Embed]
tbf anon I think every man wants to sleep with (beautiful) females, even/especially the simpy kind who "fucking loves women", so what you're saying doesn't really make any sense. I think rather that saying that our compliments to women as men are fake/insincere because we want to sleep with them is very backwards logic. I would gladly take a woman's compliment if she wants to sleep with me. They don't always have to be coercive or sexually aggressive in nature, a compliment of 
or something can be sincere regardless of if you want to sleep with them or not imo.
i don't receive many compliments. last time i got a compliment was a year ago when i went to a student event in a bar and some drunk girl complimented my cheeks in the bathroom.
