Are Jung's theories valid or are they bullshit?
Bullshit, obviously. Not as bad as Schlomo Freud though
carl jung deviated too much from the teachings of freud. It really does boil down to sex and aggression in the end, none of this humanistic crap
I think his idea of the "self" is the closest we get to the truth, at least the "relative" truth so to speak
he was right about a lot of stuff, but he was also a fucking schizo.
just like any other smart guy in history, if you want to make sense of his theories you have to realize what he was right about and what he wasn't right about in relation to yourself
He had his fair share of quackery like Freud but many of his stuff had solid basis and is still relevant today.
Take your meds schizo
funny to note that freud used coke for like 10 years, no wonder that's where he got his sex and aggression shit from
there is obviously a lot of truth to that but there's some untruth considering some people are able to transcend sex and aggression, Jesus let's say or monks and people of god in general
"Jungianism" is a legit cult. It attracts severely mentally ill people, who tend to heap massive, excessive praise on Jung but can't explain why, and of course there are a bunch of grifters/crooks ready in the wings to take their money
Jesus let's say or monks and people of god in general
Not a well documented historical figure and died pretty early during his adult age.
Jesus 
Not a well documented historical figure and died pretty early during his adult age.
Monks
I don't about Christian monks or if the pedo catholic priests count but Tibetians monks were notorious pedophiles and some Buddhist monasteries let you jerk it. Also most religious orders with strict celibacy requirements stay isolated from women.You can go even further and start seeing eroticism in religious activities with Bhakti movement in particular being focused around love.
I dont think people like this exist. Just look at some relatively recent religious movements and their founders. Mormon founder practiced polygamy even though his wife hated it. I think there must be something fundamentally wrong in your brain to "transcend" sex.Such thing would be really really rare. Hell I did that when I was taking SSR meds.
you could say the same thing about christianity for example, or any other thing which has bits of truth and wisdom about life in it, people grasp to that because they have nothing else to grasp for. and obviously there are crooks waiting to take advantage of naive people. makes no difference with regard to his theories in any case
Mostly nonsense, but his own 'active imagination' is an interesting imprint of something broader.
eh, fair I guess I can't argue
I still think it's possible to reduce your sexual desires and your will to power and still be perfectly fine. I don't think it's a fundamental part of being human. Perhaps that's my own wishful thinking.
Psychology is, was and will always be a load of horse shit.
Right, clearly Freud's issue is that he's Jewish, not that psychologists are just crackpots
So I read The Red Book by Carl Jung. The way Jung would come up with his theories was that he would have a vivid daydream, then decide what that meant for everyone else, and then engineer a study to "prove" his point.
Is he wrong about everything? No.
Can you trust his research at all? Also no.
Jews have a repeated habit of hypersexualizing their work and are genuinely unable to separate their degeneracy from reality
No more true or untrue than all the shit in mainstream psychiatry. He just doesn't have a Jew book and government willing to imprison otherwise law abiding people backing up his ideas.
He's pretty right but he didn't just pull shit out of his ass like many are saying here. His work rests on the basis of esotericism and religion. He didn't discover anything new, he just rebranded it to for the modern age.
They (and all Jewish pseudointellectualism) are designed to make you think that the world is more complex than what it actually is, disarming your common sense and your trust in the simplicity of you own thinking, and guiding you toward the "masters" of said complexity, AKA the "experts".
This phenomenon is easily observed when you asked a redditor to explain the reasoning behind their beliefs (like global warming or gender theory) and they reply with " It's Science and someone waaay smarter than you and I figured it our for us. We just need to follow."
The world is, in truth, absurdly simple, and most thing can be explained in layman terms to the average Joe without having to sacrifice much depth. The human psyche is also very simple. Deprive men from sex, property ownership and having a cause strive for and you get the hellish world we live in.
Psychology and psychoanalysis is a Jewish product aimed at confusing and hindering the Goyim underclass, especially the midwits among them.
