Mentally ill parents, bullying, and technology has left me fucked
count the days my parents argue 
(hit 230 days in one year before I gave up counting)
YOU'RE BRAINWASHING THE KIDS
get bullied at school everyday
high school is the same shit
Grown adults would slam on their breaks driving past, hop out their car and try start shit with me
drop out and get a job
same shit
become a recluse who only talks to people online
same shit
get hacked and fucked with
(Before you tell me to take my meds, they knew what to post and where and could quote shit others said)
same shit
What am I supposed to do? My parents, my friends, my acquaintances, people from the other side of this planet. I don't want to die but I am incapable of trusting another human so what the fuck am I supposed to do?
has anything good ever happened in your life, anon?
The events might have been good but my perception is tarnished. Everything I understand as good might as well be linked to 3 people who were kind to me.
sorry no one's responded anon. I don't think most ppl know how to reply because most of us, even on a site like this, haven't had things as difficult as you have. 
all I can say is try not to take anything people have done to you to heart. if you're still set on not killing yourself, just try and get through the week. there may not be any clear path to take right now, not any actual path you want to take, but perhaps that will change after you've gotten some time to yourself, and time to rest and heal on your own.
just don't sit around too long or the storm will come and you'll have to reconsider your decision.
it's an awful world full of awful people who don't care about their fellow human, but if they don't care about you, perhaps you can care about you and get by just fine....
how old are you, do you think you could get away from it all?
How did you get hacked im schizo
That's all I've ever known
I appreciate your entire post.
I'm not sure if I can get through this week again.
I'm sorry that you wasted your time. Someone from the other side of the planet. My mother is walking around audible making the noise "bleh." I don't know what to say.
I wake up in the morning and my toes are numb. I shit blood. She just walked outside while I was typing this post. She said "don't worry about me" I've taken two shits in two days and I've shit blood.
I post on 4chan
on a site with 200,000 people
on a planet with 7 billion people
I want to be left alone
28
I don't know. Posts on 4chan were being responded to long before. When posts started popping up with the shit my parents were saying to me, I started feeling schizo.
Fucking Jake
fucking middle school Chad
I fought back by throwing the same stick back at you
You didn't like that
Jake, Joshua, Johno, Codie, Shannon
You're lucky I want to kill myself
Jack, Martin, Kyne, Jack
Ah fuck me I might have cause a problem
I'm a whiny bitch, not a threat
On the off chance
"I hate being stuck behind a slow moving vehicle, oh wait it's just anon"
FUCK I'm sincerely just whining
Add me. I am in a similar situation, with an abusive childhood and dealing with betrayal and contempt even online, depression and autism. Few prospects in life. I hate my body, it is very ugly and decayed. I loathe most people. The only reason I am alive is to experience what little happens can be had here, taking the path of least resistance, as the world began beat life out of me since I was born. 
We can vent and share wisdom and comforts. If we want. Death.#6028.
happens 
Happiness*
Start by taking your meds seriously, at least they will give you a headstart for getting your shit together. 
t. been taking antidepressants for more than 6 months
Today's a lost cause. I'll be back on my own bullshit tomorrow. I'm just whining. I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Lexapro. It only made shit worse.
Just try another one. Also dont expect them to work in a week wtf. They are better than smoking weed everyday to cope with emptiness
Also dont expect them to work in a week wtf
That's lexapro homie
Wether or not thats true for all antidepressants, when i was talkin about working i meant "having a therapeutic effect"
technology has left me fucked
Did you attend art school or something
I don't think it is, just lexapro.
But my only experience with antidepressants is
pull on my dick with the intent to cum
cum in 3 minutes
take happy pills 
pull on my dick with the intent to cum
90 fucking minutes
I don't want to surrender what little I have so someone else can call me normal
I know not every pill is the same but I already can't even piss where I live. I don't have the time to pull my dick without someone calling my name and expecting me to come running. Why the fuck would I take pills that will make me "happy"? I shit blood because if I wake up at 3am I have to wait until my dad goes to work to shit.
Oh just get a job you loser
They'll start asking for money
OK
You've lived rent free for how many years
I've got to listen to them scream at me to get out of their house
you nor them understand
Dad just went to bed
I have to be silent
You are being gangstalked. But the real kind.
Happens to me too, idk what the fuck it is. Some sort of parasite or some mind cintrol that makes a group target me?
Anime Girls Biggest Whores in Fiction
Weed is infinitely better than brain ruining medication that ruins your chances of ever feeling happy again.
Maybe you should shit at 3 am instead of waiting.
Honestly you sound like a lost cause, the weird way u type and so on. 
I think there is no helping you.
Maybe you should shit at 3 am instead of waiting.
dad will just have a fit
then I wont sleep because his bed's against the wall
I know I'm a loser
you're just a part of the people who hacked me
It's not about other people calling you normal idiot, it's about your own well being. Also there's a high chance of your dick working again (for me it's even more pleasant since I started taking that shit, i cum ropes now). From what you re telling us you seem depressed as fuck. You don't seem to have more alternatives, either you take the happy Jewish pills or you either kys in a few years and go to hell or just dissapear if you re not a Christian. Is really that what you want anon?
Also wtf with this retard opinion. Both of them are drugs you can deny it but at least with SSRIs and all of that you re supervised by physician
