Do shy, nerdy girls even exist, or are they a male fantasy and all girls are actually generic Chadsluts inside?
they are indeed chadonly turdwhores. "shy nerdy" girls are psychosexually identical to all other women, they just assume an aesthetic to target a particular male niche's chads (tall handsome men). women enter male niches to get with the few tall handsome men in them.
What are you even asking? I was a shy nerdy girl in school, and I also slept with half the football team. Those things aren't mutually exclusive.
moid hands typed this, until proven otherwise
Kek seething foid. All of you are the same.
Kek seethin foid, keep on keepin it cringe...
shy, nerdy girls
Those girls are often the biggest whores.
Yes they are shy, have glasses, into liberalism and do nerdy stuff.
They're also the ones who get railed by tons of guys.
This. We're hypersexual autistics just like incels, the difference is that we can actually get laid rather than just jerking off 5 times a day.
They do exist. 
They are not Chadsluts, they are Chadromantic.
So if you're a Chad and you'd like to have a RELATIVELY "pure" gf, this is a good option to go for.
We're hypersexual autistics
Your body count?
They do exist I used to be friends with many, generally very nice girls but quite a lot of them have self esteem issues and are incels because of their shyness
Yeah but im fucking ugly and i dont leave my house, you all want stacy anyways xD its that chad meme but it applies to moids too
and are incels because of their shyness
Does not apply to women ever.
This is exactly what my sister says, but she is not actually ugly. Maybe you aren't either, idk.
They are Chadsexual, but shy, that's literally the answer.
I'm suspicious of anyone who gives a bodycount because I for one never kept track. It just isn't important to me. 
If I had to guess I'd say, idk, 30?
trust me it does, "weird girls" don't get approached in normal reality
Where did you usually meet them?
my girlfriend is genuinely extremely weird and scared most people away with her interests and behavior
but she obviously isn't a femcel and could've still get laid, if she wanted to
You know you can "meet" online.
which most women, even stacies, don't do. If you look at any dating site statistics 9/10 are overwhelmingly male
I have neurotypical friends who recommend me to their friends or vice versa. I don't approach guys on my own because I can't tell they are interested until they are literally groping me lol
this isn't true. women filter on and off so only a small proportion remain on the apps at one time, but over a year or so all women have spent a few days on the apps. they just get snatched up quickly for chad harems whereas men wait months to years for a single message
yes they do, and the data is conclusive on this and not up for discussion. even the most disabled deformed autistic women get approached by hundreds of suitors for lifelong romance and love
i've tried this a million times. somehow way harder than in real life (it's literally impossible in real life)
Shy, nerdy transgirls do exist, I imagine. Some of them might be lesbians or bi/pansexual.
No they don't you sperg. This data is from dating apps, where 80%+ of users are men. Most women aren't on dating apps. If you're a Becky and you go on dating apps, you will be messaged by thirsty men who just wanna fuck and they'll never date you. Now imagine getting fucked and then ghosted by a couple of these dudes, it's a self-esteem killer, you begin to wonder why you are so unworthy of love.
The problem that most guys who would be willing to date these "lower tier" women have is that they don't separate themselves in any way from those random thirsty creeps. A good way to do that would be to approach her in real life, rather than online. If you really want to do it online, you have to be creative about it.
We exist, we just don't look like picrel
How do you look then
interesting original text here
look at her eyes. She's not looking at the chessboard. Not thinking about the chessboard. Not looking at the camera. What do you think she's thinking about, anon?
Would date, originally
Nerdy girls would rather get pumped and dumped by chad than enter into a relationship with someine their own attractiveness.
Because they are its Women Nature in waiting the Best Man Possible
they a male fantasy
this, sorry anon
beebeecee
mute
all women only want the top 20 percent of men the get surprised when the 6 foot 5 fit handsome guy is fucking 4 other girls
Top 20% is very optimistic, anon. It's more like the top 5% nowadays.
how do we reset unchecked hypergamy 
or is impossible to pop the hoeflation bubble and should i just become a passport bro in Colombia or Brazil
I was a shy nerdy girl in school, and I also slept with half the football team.
I've known a few of those.
"weird girls" don't get approached in normal reality
Unless their "weirdness" is pissing down their pants and walking about smelling like piss, yes they do.
I've known enough women with "blown fuses" to know they are approached.
A good way to do that would be to approach her in real life, rather than online. If you really want to do it online, you have to be creative about it.
So, I better work hard to get a chick who consistently gets pumped and dumped.
Seems like a bad investment of my time. Too much effort for used up sluts.
The hoeflation bubble will pop on it's own, but who knows, that may happen many decades from now.
Just become a passport bro, and we'll see how things will go for future generations.
shy, nerdy girls
I am like that and my body count has been 1 since I turned 20, hopefully it'll stay that way as well
complains about women being hoes
refers to the whole of the female sex overvaluing itself as hoes
compares it to inflation
not knowng the only way money gets its value back is through its destruction.
not knowing the dollar has never gone back up in value everyone on earth just got poorer
Anyone who uses the term "hoeflation" is beyond just retarded, they are an active enemy.
the way to solve womens hypergamy is to play into the hypergamy of other countries.
This is almost as bad as the race bating.
i dated a nerdy blonde girl and yeah, she fucked the hockey team, she fucked her boyfriends friends to get back at him, she fucked my coworker while i was dating her, and she fucked her 57 year old boomer dad's male friends that play poker with him every weekend
i also dated a bonafide stripper and she was one of the nicest and most loyal women i've ever met
funny how things work out
You're not solving anything, you're just getting a wife.
The alternative is being alone and having no kids.
We just wait if the problem will be resolved in the future, it will probably get a lot worse before it gets better.
Reproduction is not a charity. You either do what you gotta do to make it, or you just don't.
Youre making more incels and youre feeding in to hypergamy. Hell how can you tolerate the woman who fundamentally is against you.
The few shy, nerdy women I've met were 5/10 on a good day, and they were really, REALLY arrogant.
Why are you so gross, femanon?
I am definitely the generic Chadslut inside type &lt;3
Youre making more incels
Don't give a fuck, nature is cruel.
how can you tolerate the woman who fundamentally is against you
How is she against you?
Sure, if you're some ugly old fart with a lot of money and she is golddiggermaxxing, I can see that.
For example, if you are white and have normie-tier looks, your 3rd world wife will be absolutely in love with you.
It's not your fault Becky.
It's human nature to want to be bred by the most superior seed you can get.
After all, it is you who has to sacrifice your body for 9 months and then breastfeed that child. All a man has to do is fuck you (possibly only once).
Just be a smart and humble slut. Don't fall for any memes any political side or ideology will throw at you. You are neither shameful nor brave for doing what you do.
Youre seamaxing because youre an incel. The women produced from this will be even harder on the next generation. 
Think of your future sons if you even have any.
Shes against you because you are an incel, she knows thats the only reason you came to visit.
board full of turbo virgins who haven't had a conversation with a woman in years act like experts on women
This board always cracks me up
Most animals where the female gets pregnant mate on the same terms even though they don't spend nearly as long pregnant and aren't in danger at all while pregnant.
Actually I am muslimmaxxing.
It works amazingly well.
Don't let seething Hamzas and Abduls gaslight you into thinking it doesn't work.
We're talking virgins here, and your kids will look relatively white.
More than half the board are male sexhavers who are melodramatic over their sex lives slowing down and need to feel like theyre the important somewhere. So they larp as incels ,or bully incels to feel better about themselves, or lie about being formal incels so they can feel like theyve achieved something. 
Turbo virgins aren't here.
She has the most lustful slutty face i've seen this week dude
not reading all that cope. touch grass.
i know right, there are people who haven't died who talk about religion and afterlives. really fucks with my head. there are people who haven't served active tours in war who talk about peace and war and politics. blows my mind. there are people without PhDs in CS who talk about computers and smartphones.
What kind of warped schizo shit are you on about were you think people come here and pretend to be bitter virgins?
Its not that far fetched, I've pretended to be people I'm not on the internet. Whether it be for lulz or as a fed or a tranny. People come here and lie. Theres some sick fundamental part of humanity that does this to the little people of the world.
they're massive whores, no different than the whore on tinder with 100+ bodies looking for casual hookups, the nerdy ones are far more insidious though because they put on a persona of being shy, introverted, "pure", gamer, artfag, reddit memer, etc. but they're covert narcissists, BPDemons, constantly crave attention and validation, have tons of guy friends, and often end up being aposematic haired feminists who got ran through and heartbroken by chad
pretend to be bitter virgins
They say stupid shit and find it funny when actual bitter virgins believe them. I mean, that's the whole scientific blackpill in a nutshell.
To all the "women" in this thread you know the rules tits + timestamp or gtfo
Every girl is a chadslut because that's the ideal male form. Do shy nerd guys who don't like pretty women exist? No.
Do shy nerd guys who don't like pretty women exist? No.
Lurk more
Doesnt keep track of the constant gangbangs
Loose vagina mentality 
Doesnt care for her whore life 
Holy fucking shit, an actual woman?!!
They do, it's just that most of them troon out.
It's way easier to be an attractive woman than to be an attractive man.
All the "women" in this thread have a 99% chance of being male LARPers who want to reinforce our negative perception of women to ensure that they can have more for themselves.
Not really
Only the most retarded of woman troon out
The rest just follow their nature and become a loose vagina whore
Easiest existence = attractive woman > attractive man >> unattractive woman >>> unattractive man = most difficult existence
I married one.
Yes, really.
TurboCatholic that had only ever gone to women-only schools, including university
Parents could only have one kid and she was the apple of their eye
Double major in two STEM fields with a minor in Japanese
Weeaboo so dedicated she was allowed into the Asian Students Union as a White girl
Star Wars memorabilia collection worth over $6k, never failed any Star Wars trivia question, ever
She's all mine, now.
Well, I haven't done either.
Newfag this isn't /b/. The stickied thread at the top of the page very clearly says DO NOT POST PICS OF YOURSELF.
You MUST follow da roolz
Fuck off
t. Gigachad
generic Chadsluts inside?
fuck off with this bull shit u dont like fucking ugly girls do u?
Such a clever woman, yet still she consooms.
this. they chose these aesthetics so they can be le "quirky" and "misunderstood". same with "bisexual" girls, my coworker claims to be bi yet has a chad-lite bf and has yet to go out with a girl.
does she shave? how kinky is she? does she drink cum and piss?
They are lowkey sexual deviants deep down. It was a common sentiment as soon as the internet came out for smart fucks who could dig into that untapped raw sexual energy by encouraging to talk about it then "explore" it out of the guise that it is "maturing". Although somewhat true, the level of manipulation used to get the turbo whores wehave today haveleft its mark. Why do you think the Pop Culture industry exploded like it did in thelast 20 years???
source: redpillers.com
can't even spell invisible right
no idea whether that post is a larp or not, but it's definitely realistic. I knew two girls like that in high school.
golddiggermaxxing
god i fucking hate zoomers and your meaningless phrases
i can't speak for other girls but i'm a nerdy autistic gal and i've hooked up with the stereotypical chad types often because i was hypersexual. my bf is average though but our sex life isn't that great. the good news is he has a huge ntr/cuckolding kink so we've been playing around in bed often and he gets rock hard when i tell him stories from the past so it's only a matter of time before i get back to hooking up with hot guys without losing the love of my life. yes, ik i'm blessed lol
but i'm a nerdy autistic gal
x
If all the "women" in this thread are in fact female, I hate being the same sex as them even more. Why must I be associated with subhumans like this.
mildly amusing larp
why are you here? go ruin some other community
nah they're all trannies (including you).
LARPers gtfo
Possibly the only real females in this godforsaken thread.
idk trannies would make their presence known through sheer retardation
Lol, what a fucking stupid whore. What did you expect with this post, some applause? Kys aids cunt
you got proof?
I wish I was male. Not because of muh patriarchy but because the female body is sub-optimal for things I like doing.
Yeah you can tell someone is a tranny by the anime girl images and the childish typing style
things such as?
I can hold your tits in place if they're hindering your movements
yea troons suffer from severe autism they could not mask it if they wanted to
so many people have that as their ideal get off this board its not for you
you say that but i bet if you lived a week in a mans body you'd beg and cry to go back to normal
Logic-oriented tasks (mathematics, programming, puzzles), coordination-oriented tasks (gaming, sports), strength-oriented tasks (lifting, fighting)
And she'd still commit sudoku years later anyway. It's already happened once.
many such cases. even
I'd be pretty happy about that. No menstrual cycle, and more testosterone = more energy. Learning to aim piss might be a challenge but it seems like most males struggle with it anyway. As for not recognising myself in the mirror, I have a fairly masculine face anyway (posted a picture of myself once and people asked which way I was trooning) so I don't think much would change.
From what? People not giving me attention? People holding me accountable for my actions? Lmao.
yea you're not a woman, women don't actually have hobbies that don't allow them to get with chad and only for fun, especially sports gaming and mathematics you people have zero agency and sense of self
post proof of your masculine face
what a typical ignorant response. it's not all sunshine and rainbows. you'll also have to deal with toxic masculinity, sexism, homophobia, and other bullshit that men perpetrate against one another. and don't even get me started on the expectations of having to be the provider and protector in society. good luck dealing with that pressure.
stick to what you know best: whining about your menstrual cycle and posting pictures online for validation from strangers
KEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKEKEKEK is this the state of incels now? MUH FAGGOTS GUYS WERE ALL MEN EVEN DOE WE STICK OUR DICKS IN LITERAL SHIT AND MOLEST CHILDREN AND HAVE AIDS DHURRR
I discovered that I liked those things when I was attending an all girls school and thought I was asexual.
sure, anyways why are you here? this is a incel board go annoy some other community for attention
Greetings 4chin, this is me.
If girl, i would hold your hair and fuck the shit out of you nonstop
really man?
coomer genocide when
theres literally no way you're a woman especially with your thick man hair, is your voice also manly
If you ever encounter a 'fembot' remember that you're talking to someone who looks like this.
my neck hurts from looking at u
you look like the girl I used to talk to, if you got bangs, eyeliner and lost a bit of weight you'd literally be her
like, even down to the chin and mouth and cheek structure, exactly the same. wow
Beat me to posting it, damn
Yes, and apparently it's always been that way. When I was a toddler a psychologist tested me for autism and there's a note in the report that says I had an unusually deep voice for a 3-year-old. My sister also has a deep voice.
Shy girls are even more likely to be whores. 
By the time they are low self esteem teenagers, they are more vulnerable to the random chad trying to score (a few compliments and a bit of attention from an attractive guy, and they are fucking in less than a week).
And even if they aren't down for casual sex, they don't have the tenacity and strength of character to say "NO!" when an asshole is pushing for sex.
A pure woman needs strength of character, healthy levels of self esteem and at least a bit of social competence. If they are weak in any of those areas, they are losing their v-cards by their 13-14th birthday.
i bet you still score with chad
post your voice
All women are Chadosexual because Chadosexuality is a sexual constant it predates what you would call the personality in a human brain it doesnt matter how a foid acts IT WILL BE BE A CHADOSEXUAL
If a chad has tried to hit on me then I haven't noticed.
anyways what games are you into, im interested to hear
We need to produce new Barry White.
You're ugly asf. I'm an incel but I'd rather die alone than date you
fembot is a dishonest whore
Stacy is an honest whore
oh
not op but thats rude, i would date if i was capable of doing so
so you are a stacy only volcel then
Society expects you to die for others as a man, you are literally treated as completely disposable. You would kill yourself after living as a man for a week.
Foids are clinically retarded and think that 80% of men are "below average" in attractiveness.
You could be her with a bit of effort
I'm not a 'gamer' in the traditional sense ('gamer' suggests FPS and RPG). I suppose I could be called a gamer because I take my favourite games (Minesweeper and Tetris) very seriously. I also like 2D platformers.
sure they exist but they dont look like that. purdy gal like that gets approached by chads and all sorts of guys. the ugly nerd girls that have self esteem issues and social anxiety from all the bullying etc. are the shy ones you are looking for.
Down bad
Yeah and I'm also ugly. I'd rather just try to buy a cute egirl's love again
I was a shy nerdy girl in school, and I also slept with half the football team.
Crystal is that you?
I'd date her if she had the right values (doesn't have casual sex, wants kids, is loyal) very unlikely she does considering she is on 4chan though
I don't want to though. I tried makeup and it was inconvenient (couldn't rub my eyes, lick my lips or touch my face, also taking it off was a chore). I also think it's deceptive; I'd prefer to have people know what I actually look like.
I'm not particularly interested in making myself attractive to other people anyway, I just try to be clean and dress smartly.
the fuck? Is middle right in court? she dressed like she about to start her onlyfans video
Here you go, you negro faggot.
post your 'cord so we can game together that would be kekkers, methinks...
All foids are giga-whores.
yes they exist. go to some cosplay/anime convention, at least in my country they are at least like 50% female and if you are not completly autistic (I am talking like stutter + I don't know how to use a shower autistic) you should have it easy.
youre just a pissbaby incel if you wouldnt date that
Top and middle left are wife material
they exist but yeah, they're chadsluts. both at the same time.
if you're a normal guy and come up to them wanting an equal relationship they'll just give you the same "omg you just want me for sex instead of being a simp, go away"
well come on now dont you wanna be frens
The love of my life was an autistic immigrant from an extremely conservative family. She rejected me and went on to get herself pumped and dumped by several guys from Tinder. That was the final blackpill for me. Literally all women literally only desire Chad. The only difference is that some hold out and some reluctantly settle.
Was walking home, couldn't use computer. Also I don't have Discord.
hope u had a nice walk or whateva, so what socials do you have that is if you wanna be frens in the first place...
it's an ewhore you dumb animal you just watched her get flooded with attention wake up
control your 'tism, im just making a fren
still spelt invisible wrong (up top)
Yes they exist. Most of them are left leaning feminists that haven't washed their vaginas in 10 years and are insufferable once they open their mouths.
Do shy, nerdy girls even exist, or are they a male fantasy
They exist but they are exclusive private property of the mighty BBC
I don't have any, unless MyAnimeList and Neocities count.
This. Let us hear it.
I love coming to /r9k/ just to see the absolutely clueless nolife virgins here.
Niggers, you all need to fucking go outside and interact with people face to face. Preferably with women. This thread is so pathetic.
even doe 80% of men are seen as below average by women
I'm a shy nerdy autistic male and I'm generally horny all the time.
I dunno if there's a correlation there.
Of course, it's always going to be easier for a woman of any kind to have sex.
the first post is, as usual, the best post
by tinder thots
Fixed that for you.
Maybe like 5% of women go on Tinder.
PROTIP: Get off the internet. Dating apps (and dating app stat graphs you see on 4chan) included.
Why are incels / robots so obsessed with getting a pure virgin girlfriend to marry? Is it because with insecurity comes possessiveness?
You're stilling spelling it wrong you fucking faggot. This is why no one takes 'incel science' seriously - it's all a bunch of barely literate virgins seething about getting no pussy.
invincible men
someday I will destroy this world. none can stop me
why the fuck is Native American so high for men? lmao wat
You aren't more secure if you date/marry a whore. In fact I'd argue with more security comes the ability to ask more of your potential partners and have higher standards of them. The most insecure men are those who are dating onlyfans whores or "sex workers"
Shy Girls are Made for Tyrone BBC and Chad Bully Big Dick
are you retarded?
all women are whores, being whore is who they are
thats why every religion and civilization tried to stop them
