if you were a girl you would be a whore too have some perspective
I had the opportunity to get laid and I declined it. I want sex but I want a relationship more. Don't project your caveman tendencies onto me.
so you admit youre a caveman
This
Maybe because she wasn't a stacy? Women get to fuck Chads way above their leagues and they get this opportunity mutiple times. You'd probably slip once or twice too if literal angelic stacies were throwing themselves at you. You were also probably insecure about you sexual performance which women don't have to worry about.
Not at all.
dont care didnt read women are insect turdwhores.. touch grass.
Maybe because she wasn't a stacy? 
She's not a Stacy, but she looked fine.
Women get to fuck Chads way above their leagues and they get this opportunity mutiple times. You'd probably slip once or twice too if literal angelic stacies were throwing themselves at you. 
I'd say most women don't get to fuck Chads, or rather, they wouldn't really go for Chads. You're really just describing something that happens to a small subset of the population.
Not really, I didn't think about that at all. Honestly I only thought about dick size at that time (which mine is fine), and it didn't cross my mind. I didn't know the first time could be bad.
No, I want a relationship. I don't want casual sex. It's gross
female here, right now i'd do anything for someone to finish my 1min college project video i have due tomorrow, literally do not care anymore. it all depends on the breaking point and when you hit it
in the same way that you squeeze the brains out of a fly, and throw it into the garbage, alpha non beta orbiter also non no sex havers squeeze the brains out of your wife, therefore you are a slut
No worries, just fly to Russia and have sex with me and I'll do that for you.
what is the video topic ..
Retarded namefag
If I were a girl I wouldn't punch men since that seems to be a problem
She's not a Stacy, but she looked fine. 
Not fine enough to make you slip. Even movie star Chads like Ben Affleck are on tinder trying to date and fuck average women. 
Wrong. It's proven multiple times that top 10-20 percent of men on dating apps keep getting rotating amongst most of women. Men also have high sexual libido so they don't mind casual sex with women way below their leagues just to get some like a snack.
Repeating myself again that women get this opportunity multiple times so they are bound to slip more. Do you ever notice whenever a women describes her casual sex encounter which she couldn't resist, she tells you about some over the top carricature of a Chad and not some normal guy?
I don't think I would.
It's proven multiple times that top 10-20 percent of men on dating apps keep getting rotating amongst most of women
Please learn to read instead of reiterating this trash.
Can't comment because I haven't talked to enough women that would tell me those things, but the few times that happened they did not match the description.
what if you swapped bodies with your mom and felt every single dick stroke shes ever taken in one punch
? 
wut do
both of you are right, 
there's certainly a bias toward the top of the pyramid, but simultaneously there's multiple factors as play, such as the uglies dating uglies.
Please learn to read instead of reiterating this trash. 
Tell that to yourself and don't be a brainlet.
Your experience are tiny compared to shit women post online all the times. Dont act as some Paragon just because you aren't good enough for similar temptation. I would ever only believe a pious Chad to be pure.
I do not believe in casual sex with multiple partners. I believe in being a whore for the same man for a lifetime.
Tell that to yourself and don't be a brainlet.
I actually read the words of the article unlike you parroting wherever the fuck you read it from
Your experience are tiny compared to shit women post online all the times.
If that's your argument, then I can also use it on you by saying that your experience is limited and does not reflect what the average female actually posts, and that it is highly likely you're only cherrypicking.
Not everyone is undisciplined like you.
post a random photo from your spank folder cause every one here knows that is bs 
impossible feat
fake news in media:)
I would rather you be a respectable, loving wife for the same man for a life time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8gmARGvPlI [Embed]
this song makes me wanna kill an orca 
just hit 'im feeling lucky' on good ol goooggel
My spank bank is my memory. 
I can be a respectful, loving wife but also submissive. I would like to find a man thats willing to do wild shit with me and experiment.
wish it was that easy... -__-
That's fine, sex is normal but sex shouldn't have such a heavy emphasis in a relationship. What would constitute as "wild shit" for you?
If I was a girl I'd be a lesbian because men are mean and gross.
Just take a look at Russian/Chinese sites. I thought I had given you a clear enough hint but I guess I'm just autistic.
ah thank you. dw i'm just as autistic, probably me not getting a clue :p ty for the help anon
I am schizoid. I would simply not care.
Sex is a huge part of a relationship. If youre not sexually satisfied or compatible the relationship most likely wont last. Resentment grows from one person and it spills into all aspects of the relationship. 
Consists of playing out my fantasies and whatever his are. Vanilla sex is good but trusting someone with your fantasies, and then them playing those out with you is indescribable. Mostly because I havent found someone on that level yet but you get the gist.
I am a girl and not a whore
What fantasies do you have?
if i was a girl i think i would still have the same extreme sexual anxiety i already have as a male
I will protect your species.
what if you swapped bodies with your mom
That's not really what this is about.
?
wut do
Probably be in pain.
Eh just basic ones. Kind of into degradation, DDGL. Stuff related to that. Would like to be fucked in front of a crowd of people one day too, like on a stage. More of a performative art thing but that definitely wont happen lol.
I feel that compatibility/frustration is more down to general life habits and values. You're not gonna have that much sex compared to your everyday habits and just talking to your partner even at your sexual prime, let alone when you reach middle age when your libido just becomes non-existent. Surely sex can't be more important than that.
Its true that you wont have that much sex compared to everything else, but its still a very important aspect in a healthy and happy relationship. Sex is a primal instinct like eating. If we dont have it we get angry. A person who is expected to have sex with you and doesnt, or doesnt like the way you have sex or views it more of a chore. One person is being neglected in a sexual aspect and the other person doesnt seem to care. Thats where resentment stems. Have you ever resented someone before for one specific thing and then everything they do starts pissing you off? Think of it like that.
don't care, 
sincerely,
no, I'd try to get with somebody that had a house and assets for me to shit kids into like a spider
No because I try my best not to be unfair to people. I guess that's part of why people find me offputting.
What type of degradation?
Yeah, because all women are whores, that's what we've been saying. If you put my current mind into a girl's body I wouldn't because I'm not a degenerate constantly on the edge of going off on a bender.
Yh I would be a whore big time but wouldnt lie about it
Pff so many beta bitch suckers will hook up with me because Im hot and unlike actual women I will actually give birth to their kids and not cuckold them
I try not to be unfair to others either. And Im not agreeing that its okay to resent someone for that. I think people in relationships should communicate and be truthful to one another, but thats how problems like that arise. I read dead bedroom stories and they make me sad. But putting it blankly, relationships arent happy unless sexual attraction is there and needs are being met. 
Not saying lol
iswydt
I have nothing against whores in principle. I just wish they'd lower their standards a little and give a manlet like me some lovin.
Why not? You are anonymous.
True. I'm a virgin incel man but if I was a woman I'd be sucking cock every minute of everyday
