but i'm just another girl and i end up chasing hot guys with 100s of other options because i can't help who i'm attracted to. i wish sexuality was more moral i'm so sorry guys
Anon, pretending to be a girl on the internet is messed up.
It would make me really happy to save some dweeby hopeless guy as long as he had a good heart. I'll never be a woman though and am instead the dweeby hopeless guy in reality so they understandably couldn't give less of a shit about me.
i wish i could actually fix an incel. taking a frustrated and probably misogynistic man and making him feel loved and wanted lol
and no, im not a tranny or man, im an actual female girl
i AM a girl
if you're feminine looking 90% would take you up on that offer
same but i can't be attracted to some ugly guy. but then again incel and handsome are oxymorons so i'll just keep self inserting as the dommy mommy in hentais
i AM a girl
If you're a girl then I'm Bill Gates
you ARE bill gates
you ARE bill gates
Sadly no, I'm not even white.
The only way a girl can save me is beat me up and kill me while we have sex
incels are the least misogynistic men, they're just not halo affected so women don't teehee and overlook their misogyny like they do for handsome men, who are extreme bigots who view women largely as brainless fuckmeat.
You just admitted that you're a man.
I am an incel because of autism, but I am actually good looking, kind and tall.
Will you Safe me? 
I am kind of desperate at this point
Bait thread but anyone who thinks some random girl can "save" him is beyond any saving.
extreme bigots who view women largely as brainless fuckmeat.
This is most people here
i kinda agree even as a girl. it's frustrating when you have so much in common with a guy, he shares the same kinks and then you finally exchange pics and he's just not attractive. that's what robots and incels don't understand, how hard it is to find a bf that without compromising on immediate attraction is like striking gold.
dont care turdwhore. suck the turds out of abusechads anus retard insect moron fecal smear.
society is overpopulated anyway, let us die out
i am NOT a man
LIAR. this is what the last one told me but he turned out to have an ugly face. proof of cuteness or gtfo
it happens
nope, you just imagine ugly guys saying it in your head. mainstream rap music, liked by virtually all attractive men and women, glorifies literal rape and sex slavery of women. women have such highs rates of abuse because they dont care when tall handsome men are so misogynistic they beat and rape women.
cope seethe mald dilate.
Ok cool. Now gtfo
yea, it's weird how normies are taught to hate incels but then they'll blare music with lyrics 100x more misogynistic because they were told it's not bad. seem like npcs to me
why do you hate girls who want to be your allies and empathize? TELL ME
What kind of proof do you want? Give me a contact I will send you pic with postid. 
But first of all, post some infos what are you into, what is your location.
I am from Europe so USA is kind of far away.
Also I expect you to be cute as well since you are asking for the same standard you should be okay with that right? I am kind of like you in this regard, if a girl is fat or something I just can not feel attracted to her :(
shutup attentionwhoring turdwhore
sound like a typical nice guy, stop giving incels a bad rep!!!!
i'm an ugly american girl
it happens
Anyone that is so fixated on women is ignoring much bigger problems and the disappointment when he gets what he wants will shatter him even more. Happiness ultimately comes from within.
dont care didnt read bimbo turdwhore.
nope this is an immature child inexperienced cope. happiness comes from positive external experiences beyond your control occurring rapidly to you in succession without interruption, and this is just simple fact. there is no room for any honest mature person to disagree with it. only mentally ill, retarded, or immature people.
Nah anon. 
Today I came to the conclusion that tf no gf is the thing ruining my life.
I have literally driven myself into depression because of that.
I worked out at the gym and was working on my business. But then I just couldnt work anymore. I did not know what happened, I stopped going to the gym for 3 weeks now.
And right now I realized: its tf no gf.
Thats what is ruining everything for me.
idk, anon. the last guy i rejected from here was fairly rich chinese american. it's an instinctual want that can't be numbed with hobbies, it's normal for people like me to take it for granted but i'm self aware enough
you burned out because a certain baseline level of physical and emotional affection input is required from external sources not to burn out and fail. simple as. its truth.
I would also not date a girl that wasn't a virgin or was fat so don't worry about it. The most evil thing you can do is date someone you aren't attracted to, loneliness is preferable to not being you partners first choice.
Yes this!
What do anon?
Just pick up a girl and fuck her?
I hate the idea of doing that. 
Thats really harsh and unfair, I believe you should make your intent clear from the beginning but pickup dating is just all based on lies and deceit. It is so horrible I can not stand the idea of participating in something like that
I agree with you that external elements affect your happiness but ultimately it's how you see things that will make anything meaningful at all. Those things are no more than dirt if you dont fix the scars in your deep psych. You can even make things worse.
Your fault is doing all those things for gf who would only provide you with wet hole to put your dick into and subpar at best emotional support because most people are self centred and as dumb as everyone
Money isn't everything. Its one of the copes we have.
no you should not make your intent clear that is autistic. women don't do it, and men don't do it. only spergs do it. women are all gaming for what they want deceptively without concern with the effects it has on others.
you are a simp self-hating bitch if you don't unapologetically connive and take what you want.
ALWAYS have a few women you're stringing along on a pump and dump rotation. You have needs, and its completely moral and ethical to get those needs met with women's bodies. Just like how women will literally marry and exploit men they're not actually attracted to (80% of marriages) for basic lifegoals on their perfect life TM checklist when they can't lockdown Chad, and will never come clean with their husbands that they don't find him attractive. Hell, women openly try to shame men who want to know the most basic and important facts about their past (sexual history) and try to hide/lie about their sexual history to get what they want, right out in the open.
 but ultimately it's how you see things that 
no you self-aggrandizing retard, its not. meaning is innate in your biology and your biology preprograms what things are seen as by human beings. there are no such things as fluffy nonsense like le scars in le psyche you pseud tard.
im not interested in handsome men so i mean, thats fine. being misogynistic isnt a necessary trait, i just want incel bf
I spoke to a fembot once who legit believed picrel was just an average looking man lmao
by definition women are only interested in tall handsome men. denything it doesn't change it. its just simple fact, not up for discussion. 
it is part of the definition of being a woman.
You are fixated to some simple meaning to life and happiness because you don't want to reach out of your comfort.Typical human nature to find logic and explainable structure instead of flexible chaos.I admit that changing your mind is hard because after so much pain we get our convictions and truth.Its hard to be open minded. Not like it's any point convincing you but you are setting yourself up for massive disappointment.
yeah, all women can only see chad. its why they're constantly whining about male privilege/power etc. because only chad registers as existing as male to them. its why they take such extreme offense when a male friend who isn't chad (chad is allowed to do this and is considered good by them for it) tries to take their friendship to the next level with a fwb setup.
tall is attractive but id be satisfied with an average height man. i find most conventionally attractive men boring and dont get the appeal, never had a celeb crush etc
don't push her away!! just because me (op) and most girls are like that, doesn't mean outliers don't exist.
im not reading all that coping seething malding drivel, touch grass. the longer a post is, the more wrong it is. simple as.
Anon, I think that women doing this is horrible and so unacceptable that faced with this reality ER was 100% correct.
And I will not participate in something like this.
Not making your intent clear from the start is immoral and disgusting.
And lying about something like this is also immoral and disgusting.
I will rather die then lower myself to this level, those who act like this are lower then the animals
Are u sure ur not just terminally onljne and have fucked up standards cause u probably expect every dude to look like an anime boy
What you think is "ugly" is probably anything that doesn't look like an anime boy
i wasnt asking you retard, i was telling you the way it is. your babbling tudwhore nonsense talk doesnt change facts.
stop talking retard turdwhore, bimbo moron retard.
not reading all that cope. get a grip. you're not moral, you're just a pushover. simple as.
yeah this is why nobody (not even other men) like you
Sorry but there's no girl to save me from what I have, and me just saying that automatically makes you flinch in disgust. I know how women work. They fetishize the idea but hate the reality.
dont care didnt read turdwhore touch grass.
I am not saying I am moral.
I am just disgusted by all subhumans who act like this and want no part in it.
Least you understand.
oh well. Eventually men will start raping again, this civilized society failed.
i'm glad you reached a higher plane of existence!!!
what?
Its simple. You are attracted to aggression and dominance. Rape had that in spades.
A well meaning male who thinks of others before himself is weak and taken advantage of, and eliminated from competing. You reward savage males and these thoughtful ones are glitches in the system that get corrected by women and other males.
Its all a farce to pretend you like kind males. At the end of the day you are not sexually attracted to them and will cheat or leave 100%
I think the random girl could make things more bearable at the least. It's not really a matter of "saving" someone but more that for the first time in their life an incel gets to feel what affection and being wanted by a girl is like. Loneliness and feeling unwanted is largely what makes guys bitter and frustrated
Or you could just meditate to be more control of your desires
i'm not attracted to aggression
what?
You are and only deluding. At you core you are female.
Want to prove me wrong? Marry a meek beta, start a family with him, and don't cheat.
The last part is very important btw.
if he's attractive, i'd choose the beta one over the alpha ugly aggressive one
or maybe just don't go for self described 'incels' because anyone who identifies with that subculture is bound to be fucked in the head in one way or another and instead simply target guys who simply happen to be virgins?
Its a fucking spectrum, not everyone is either a chad who fucks 100s of girls per year or a complete genetic abomination incel, bell curve and all.
aww give me some cuddles sweetheart ^_^ haha...
refer to the image
tl;dr give us (US) sex or gtfo
why do you hate girls who want to be your allies and empathize
You're ugly and I'll never date you!
The empathetic gender on display.
