I posted this shit yesterday in another thread already but I wanted to repeat my faggotry and contain it in greentext to make it easier to be ridiculed
be me
failed normie
27yo virgin
insecure af
not really noteworthy gf at 15
single and without a date since, although kisses happened at times
women i liked were never single
women that showed interest in me would have done more negative than positive in my life, i said to myself to cope
implying i could ever keep female interest up with the few elitist nerd hobbies i have and my tism
my perfect gf will certainly arrive, deus ex machina stlye, i always tell myself
good friend tries to set me up with his gf of two years best friend
what a lad
from what he knows, she ticks all the boxes you would never think of
early twenties, potential virgin, no prior bf known, homebody, smart, into reading, baking, tall, good shape, nice girl, unconventionally so but still attractive
am getting forced to meet for an evening of boards games between us four, casual, no strings attached
scared of spilling my spaghetti and the incoming cringefest, dont want to attend
no idea how to convert the setup into asking her out anyways
have no say in setting the date and dont want to disrespect the hustle my buddy put in
its only board games, safe space, no pressure
to this very day i am still not sure if her friend filled her in that this is the worst setup of all time
but actually
HER palms are sweaty
dont spill my spaghetti
evening goes by, no cringe to be had
she wants to do it again
I was still thinking about what happened and contemplating how I felt about it days later. At this point I dont even know if I like her or if I just like the thought of liking her.
Even with this once in a lifetime opportunity and all the odds stacked in my favor, I have no motivation to make any moves.
I find it very difficult in that situation of four people playing games to hold a personal conversation and engage one on one. and i got stage fright to bomb in front of my buddy and his gf in case I would actually try to ask her out out of the blue.
the next time we roll it back I will see how I feel about it in the moment. But I want to have a rough plan prepared but im so clueless it hurts. I couldnt advance on a girl in a party, let alone in this casual and platonic scenario
i play this card so you have to draw two. unless you give me your number HAHAHA
not gonna cut it. waiting for her to advance is certainly no option. my window is probably closed after we met the third time if its even open at this moment.
maybe next time i can ask her if she would mind me accompanying her to the train station down the road and wait for her train to pick her up. Ask if shes interested to meet one on one some time. alleviates the stage fright of bombing in front of my peers. Its the best I can think of so far.
gf at 15
kisses happened
women showed interest
You have to go back
Just ask her out, lets be real, even if someone has solid advice for you know, there is noone to rescue you once you meet a person for real so just get it over with and take the L
