you thought a cute dorky robot would end up taking your virginity in a romantic setting
some drunk chad at a college party ended up taking it instead
I'm happy I've never had casual sex it makes me feel good about myself. I've only had sex within relationships. I'm a good girl
How many dicks have you seen so far?
casual sex sucks because your animal brain wants to feel good but the rational part of you doesnt even really want anything to do with the other person
My cock says yes but I also dont want to deal with them after the fact
I don't understand why any woman would have casual sex. I feel like the sex wouldn't be very good because he has 0 incentive to do a good job. Why should he bother with a one time slam
Also I am not a sociopath or a male (same diff) so I couldn't fuck someone if I didn't love them
shitty bait
hopefully being so late at night it'll go mostly unnoticed
sageing because OP is a faggot.
same here, it's nice to feel above other women because you choose to value close human connection over short term lust and desire!
The only guy I ever had sex with was a guy I had a crush on in high school. That was about 7 years ago and I regret it and still tell everyone i'm a virgin. It eats at me. I have extreme envy of actual virgins.
Same, except it was a football chad in HS. I don't even remember it, i blacked out at the party. I just remembered waking up in his room sore as fuck and hungover.
if you didn't end up getting married to the guy its still casual sex retards. there are two kinds of sex: casual and serious. casual sex is with anyone who isn't your lifelong partner. if your relationship falls through, you were casual.
you thought a cute dorky ro-ACK!
Excuse me but its not polite to call me a sociopath in the middle of your sentence just because I have a Venus. Now apologize
Hey you wanna suck my cock? I'll probably blow quickly as i haven't been touched since May of 2020
i pray this is bait. i hope the world hasn't gotten to this point yet where 1950s circus freak level whoredom is considered chaste and worth being proud of. i'm going to have to stop caring about our civilisation's future soon, this is so messed up.
