Every time i come across a tranny on twitter, theyre ALL horny fucks with OF and no personalities. ALL of them. They always keep their dicks for some reason. Im convinced they all have some sort of weird fetish and love transitioning just to be sexualized and degraded
it's twitter. you are only being showed things you will engage with. it isn't a model of reality. you have to go back.
you fucking idiot, they're just behaving that way on twitter to make money. if someone has an onlyfans they need to act horny to get people to give them money. if you were trans you'd probably do it too
t. trans with an onlyfans
do you like bionicles
money = power, I'm white and straight, and making money is NOT easy. If I was born a lady with super hot genes, I would definitely create an OF showing my body and never my face, like so many do. I'm 32, I know how hard it can be to make some scraps, if I could make loads of cash just by arching my back, I wouldn't think twice.
Post some Bionicles
That's because that's exactly what it is. Welcome to the realization most people have had years ago.
I would def fuck a tranny like that. I'd even let her fuck my ass lmao. And yes I identify as straight, and there's nothing you chuds can do about it
yes, i like bionicles
100%. almost anyone here would. why the fuck not? the money:effort ratio makes OF an obvious choice
I would def fuck a tranny like that.
straight
gay
99% of trans girls do not want to fuck people in the ass and they look down on guys who like that
Give them the dick, that is the solution.
Trannies must become boywives, submit and cook and clean...
this is the niche which biofemales have left vacant.
I want to fuck the horny tranny
^This.
But also why are you acting like this is a problem, OP?
Cute depraved internet trannies are literally my reason for living, and unlike roasties they actually talk to you and make you feel good.
If I ever get back into dating (which I might not, I'm old and tired and have my long term life goals of a house, drug supplies, and money checked off and mostly just want to sleep most days) I would definitely pursue trannies instead of having another roastie gf.
Just like transgenderism
I honestly hate cisphobic chasers and transphobic straight guys. It's all gross.
that's good. I can't respect people if they don't like bionicles.
This is true. My "sister" transitioned mtf a while back. It is absolutely 100% obvious that it is a sexual kink thing. Nothing "she" does communicates an honest longing to be a woman; rather it seems more like she's getting off on dressing like a /little/ girl, and she acts like a /little/ girl, not a woman (she's 33). Weird shit dude.
well obviously the only trannies are going to get a significant following on twitter are the hot ones that people masturbate over. you're not getting a very representative sample here. if a tranny wasn't posting nudes and being horny online, you probably just wouldn't hear of them in the first place
