Post yours plus age and gender.
OP here this one is mine r8 me. 28M
I am still not able to function normal
Fuck off
Howd I do famalaman?
I have ADHD, conversation is easy
18M + autism :/
FUCK
OFF
Im a normie fucking kill me
Anon, you are literally a functional member of society. The fuck do you mean you can't function?
oh wait never mind i think i have had a girl said she loved me whoopsie daisy
I'm a 26 year old man.
as expected. 18M
Do online relationships count?
What if I'm at home with my parents on New Year?
lol it's actually funny how difficult it is being in the incel (loser) club. if you have had any slightly positive female attention you got called a normalfag and told to kill your self
i am a girl and by house parties does it mean like the ones your family hosts do those count or did i read it wrong
Are we going to go through everyone of my picks when I reply? No thanks 
I have a basic manual job, you lift stuff and put it down
I have friends from growing up from a run down areas, we all just get on , some hate me because I talk too fast and all the time, they have there own issues
I'm married and I still consider myself a robot/loser
That guy has fucked 5+ women. He's not anywhere close to being an incel and should fuck off.
I got 2 :D
You sound like a normal person to me, anon.
20M
You're stupid.
21M, it's over
age 23
femanon
classic roasties right here
fuck off
LoL. I'm basically the opposite of a roastie.
You're a classic roastie in denial.
did I miss anything?
Losing virginity was with an escort so does it really count.
Kill yourself you retarded nigger whore
22M by the way, forgot to add.
22 male fuck this world
i'm lucky i don't need to spend too much time alone since i live with my best friend.
You're a classic ignorant who knows nothing about me.
had sex
I lost my virginity trough rape. Never had sex again.
goes to parties/concerts
I was at christmas school parties, and once at a concert from a achool band.
does drugs
I tried as a teen.
goes to r9k to make fun of incels
I'm the one who tries to understand your problems, even when you always call me whore and retard.
You missed to know anything about me.
Dont even reply sis MEN DONT LISTEN
I don't care, roastie.
You were probably asking for it
I try anyway. This board is a challenge where you can't give up easily.
My god, such a unique theory.
Never heared that here before.
If you have had sex you are a normalfag by default and need to get off my board, reee, etc.
Been downhill ever since
feels good to not be a normalfaggot
20 and (biologically) female
You sound ugly or your bf was an incel
what is it about this place that makes you want attention here
as for the prom field, i went with my female friend, completely platonic friendship
and as for being tagged on photos with girls i can think of one or two circumstances, one being making a dual birthday party with a girl from my my highschool since we shared birthdays
i honestly miss the last two years of highschool since that's when i socially bloomed
ever since my uni studies have failed and i dropped out a few days ago, i need to find a job urgently and i don't plan on breaking my back for 300 euros a month
anyone has any ideas? i am fluent in english and have decent knowledge in computer fields
Was expecting worst when I saw the title
21 and male
Also I'm counting discord as social networking idc
Why are you here? 
original78398
real robots
your gf is waiting, normalfags.
21yo femoid
M - 32
Should I just see myself out?
30 straight male although I would try a tranny
because im a diagnosed sperg and have deep seated resentment. you just want attention, but why from here
I'm from the spectrum too, and have cronical depression, so I don't want to leave the house. Also I'm born with genetical damages what causes problems with my hearth, so activities more than being in bed with the laptop are exhausting. And because I'm so tired all the time, I made medical checkups, and just recently got the result that I have a cronical leukemia, and anemia because of that, and probably have to take toxic medication, and maybe die in 5 years anyway.
Except of that I find it interesting to talk with people here, more than on cc (because I don't like feminism) and have to waste a lot of time because I'm NEET.
Ah, yes, and I never had bf and have tfw.
Wasn't until last month I filled out the bottom row.
this is it. owari da
m23 nearly 24
what do you mean understand your problems, what are you providing for this board and its users, sorry about the rape btw
wish u the best in recovering from ur illness
This place is truly ruined. I didn't know there were so many normalfags here. Go be retards in tik tok or twitter you dumb niggers.
21 male witha big dick and no bitches
tharpist gave me a referal for someone who specializes in masturbation/porn addiction, and also suggested treatment for depression
what do
how did you move out without a job? are you homeless?
holy shit, I think I've won!!!
18M
Thanks. But there is usually no way to heal it. But I'm not very afraid of death. Life is a strange movie, and I don't know if I even want to watch it til the end.
same but 25. its over
now you just have to treat each one like a sidequest
Kill yourself attnetion seeking roastie. Your life is literally heaven
25 M
Ayyup failed normie
cringe take but sure if thats what makes you happy, i suggest you get baptized and have a community
tbf, I did have the occasions to get at least an handful or two of these crossed down, but there's something about direct human interactions (and people) that viscerally repulse me.
I've been asked out by what I could consider an high school crush once, but I couldn't trust neither her nor my feelings to do anything about it, so here I am (actually, does this count as 'had a girl say she loves you'? I'm assuming love must be something deeper and tangentially different than mundane infatuation such as a 'crush')
maybe some people just aren't meant for this kind of life...
the only ones that apply to me is not being fat and parents being proud, hopefully. i am 19 so i guess i still have time. i see plenty of normalfags though, really makes one seethe
Considering how I did on the Robot bingo, I think I'm what you call a "failed normie"
forgot to mention, 18 M
The only fields that are really non-incel are these ones, and only if the sex was not forced. All the others don't really interfere with tfw no gf(bf).
Ah fuck, forgot to add it. My bad. Well it's not like having a job makes me normalfag anyway.
I am but a cyborg
So if you're score is higher than mine, you're a true normie.
21, male.
21 F
origigigi
Look at me. Look at me. I am robot now
22M
You have to try to not have experienced any of these right?
Here's my score. Best not get too higher than this
I've been on a road trip to a festival, been to a house party, done drugs, played a team sport and I'm not fat. Other than that I'm still a level 34 wizard
Sports shouldn't even count desu literally anybody can join a team
Holy shit .... how over is it for me
forgot to say my age 
I'm this guy >>73019709
26M
19M. I promise I'm not just posting the template.
35 male
34ef34erf
I don't know if 4chan count as social media or not
24M
my life was alright up until I turned 15 and started developing depression. Had a bounce back in university when I got a gf for 2 years but she left me and ever since my depression has worsened, my will to live as gone and I'm running out of "it is what it is"
20F
I haven't seen my dad since I was kid and I don't talk to much with my mom so I don't know if she's proud of me or not. Since I'm basically a useless NEET probably she isn't.
I've been complimented a few times, mostly by other girls but I won't call it "regularly".
You're either lying or a beta male.
24 mtf
truth is, the game was rigged from the start.
