<comment>
Go to work
Can't wait to get home, constantly checking time and calculating how long I have left until I can leave
Get home
Watch youtube, browse 4chan, watch porn occasionally
Go to sleep
Repeat cycle
No social life. I live with family but don't interact with them. I just want to break out of this loop. My dream is to be rich and not have my time owned by somebody else. My job is well paying but I don't buy anything because I just see it as money down the drain.
Rant over
<comment>
Have you scouted out social activities in your city?
Start by scouting out local options in your city
Meetup.com, Eventbrite, Facebook events
Figure out what your local options are, and how you can find people in your age range. It could be that Meetup.com is dead in your city and Eventbrite is all concerts, and there's only one group on Facebook that looks halfway appetizing. If that's the case try carefully as you only have one chance at a first impression
Accept that is what friendship is going to be. For me friendship is currently a D&amp;D game I play in real life every other weekend and a weekly Wednesday night board game event. I'm happy with that, and occasionally playing board games at the home of a friend the other weekends
<comment>
at work
Thinking about all the productive shit I am going to do when I get home
Get home
Too physical and mentally exhausted to do shit
Only time I get shit done is on my days off.
<comment>
get up at 5:30
eat breakfast, make lunch
get to worksite by 6:30
foreman gives us instructions for day, takes off
work 12 hours
get home, shower and eat
don't really have energy or motivation to do much
do this 5 days a week, sometimes 6 if the foreman feels like it
otherwise all of Saturday is dedicated to errands
only real free time is on Sunday
It ain't ideal, but at the same time it ain't quite as miserable as I thought it would be. My coworkers are alright and seem to understand my introversion better than your average normie, and the constant and varied work helps keep my mind busy and off of the sort of downward spiraling rumination I often get into whenever I'm idle.
