i miss my bf so much i actually feel like im going insane
we're both transgender btw. if you're a transphobe you can fuck off
i miss my bf so much i actually feel like im going insane
Happy to hear that!
grow a backbone you disgusting tranny
Man legs and fingers
im not a tranny, just a clingy girl
dressing up like a child for coomers
Kys freak
Most people that are considered transphobes are just passively indifferent to them, they see them working a register or shopping and treat them like a normal person. What does transphobia mean to you anon?
my bf dumped me because i had a bunch of paypigs and both of us were neets. okay, how else am i supposed to fund our lives, trips, your clothes? makes zero sense, i know he posts here so fuck off if you're reading this
Post tits or gtfo
L OL LOLOL OLOLLLOLOLOOL
im not girl in pic but i like cute clothes? whats bad about that?
sorry to hear your homosexual relationship didn't work out.
why arent u reaching out to him?
he does not want me to :(
how do u know? were u mean to him?
a little but other things were in the way too
post your discord so you can do lewd things with me and feel better
a little
did u ever apologize?
other things were in the way too
like what? were u willing to work on them?
yes and yes but that wasnt enough
I can be your new bf
so he knows how much u miss him? he knows u're going insane without him?
girls only get clingy when you ignore them.
Foids are killing this board
well not literally insane just pretty sad, i tried to tell him but i dont think he cares which makes me feel even more dumb for feeling the way i do
it'll be ok
it'll be ok
cope lol
its inflation
if youre too available your perceived value goes down
if you make the girl feel like she is settling she will leave
im sorry your bf fondled but if he posts on 4chan he's a fag and shouldn't be near any women
many men on 4chan are alright and come here for a quick shitpost or because they have a lonely phase. its so easy for good women to get positive attention literally elsewhere on the other hand that they have to be especially broken and toxic to end up here. irredeemable
OP is miyoko >>72953495 
They split up because she found his Iris feet folder and then he brought up her past in the eHarem milking orbiters and married men.
not miyoko thankfully
just be miyoko, just be someone other than who I estimate you to be. for fucks sake fuck this retarded life
someone other than who I estimate you to be
what do you mean?
what do you mean?
I mean that I can't smoke any more fucking cigarettes. My chest hurts.
still dont know what you mean anon but i hope you are okay at least
prob had some insane BPD freak out and still wonder why no one wants to be around you lol. always the same sorry story
this. I'd bet it's not the first time it happens to her and she still doesn't add two and two together
