Browse r/Transpassing
even the most upvoted transformers are still abominations
LOL. Lmao even. Cant fight nature
Browse r/Transpassing 
Stopped reading here. Only tranny subhumans,coomer subhumans and obsessed subhumans browse such spaces. Kys
man, i remember a time when dudes wore makeup and dressed a little girly and were cool with just saying they were gay. the trans shit's ridiculous, b
This one is cute as fuck. Would breed.
She mogs Elliot Page
if you saw it in motion you would not
unless you are bi
Fuckin' MIRIN' that jawline. Big missed opportunity to grow his hair out and look like one of the most desired men in history.
This is all the result of curbstomping men's spirits over the decades. Being a man is "the wrong thing to do" nowadays. Well, except if you're tall, rich and powerful.
Lmao you people don't get it.
It's not "men are oppressed boohoo"
Get your head out of your ass. These people have mental problems
same noise piercing that all mentally ill people and normies have
Anyone with that piercing should be shot in the head on the spot.
Men are oppressed and yes these people are mentally ill. Then again so are 90%+ of all women and 50%+ of all men.
How are people still doing the trans LARP with all this evidence out there that trans women aren't women/trans men aren't men? It honestly just seems fraudulent at this point. People who don't like the gender role they were born into should just unapologetically violate the gender role while still retaining their original identity. Boldly declaring "I am a man in a dress" actually takes balls, throwing on a dress and claiming female identity is a cop out because you're implicitly demanding government protection for your dress-wearing.
I thought this was just an ordinary dude
what he needs is face feminization surgery and makeup. also fatmaxxing makes trannies pass more and gives them a bigger ass.
why are mentally ill people still mentally ill
Seriously? You don't know?
looks better than me and I'm not even trans lmao
"Bio girl" isn't a real concept. It isn't like scientific at all. It's a misuse of the words.
We can't always fight nature. We can't fight change, we can't fight gravity, we can't fight nothin'. My whole life, all I ever did was fight
You know, normal people don't spend their lives obsessing over trans people. When do you plan on taking the plunge? Also, pic related just looks like an unattractive girl.
She looks cute thoughbeit. I would cum down her throat and give her headpats.
Not that anon, but I've seen trannies in motion and I want to have sex with them still. Have never wanted that from a non-estrogenized male and only had regular non-tranny girlfriends so far.
I think you just decided you hate trannies and aren't really evaluating each on a case by case basis in a fair way.
https://twitter.com/oncloud_e/status/1638983192064712705/mediaViewer?currentTweet=1638983192064712705&amp;currentTweetUser=oncloud_e
if you want to fuck pic related you're mentally ill. dude has zero hips or ass
This one might be more what you'd be into then. I would also have sex with her.
stfu black nigger picrel has about as much hips and ass as your average skinny woman
sweet shy and submissive body language too, would fill her guts with baby juice on that couch while choking her
these are the people that call you incel anon how does that make you feel?
girlfriend
His girlfriend is likely just a dude that calls himself a woman.
coping delusional wh*te tranny. even skinny women have a shapely petite ass. yours is probably sad and square shaped like every other man
Ugly
Hot
Hot
Not a good way to pose for a picture, needs tits, but a lot better than the first one.
Browse r/Transpassing 
Repressor mindset
Because they want to mutilate children
Explain, I don't understand
Trannies need to start taking female hormones before growth plates finish fusing in their early to mid 20s to get hip growth.
Which is why it's important to convice more of them to troon out while they're still young. Could be a lot more cute trannies for porn if we all do our part here. There are countless otherwise disposable males who wouldn't be doing anything with their lonely incel lives anyway who could be repurposed into decent tranny cumsluts.
all this evidence out there
how dumb are you? you know trans people don't actually give a shit about that right? they know better than anyone they're not the same as the gender they want to be, that's the whole point of transitioning, to try and get as close to that as possible
the ugliest trans girls on /lgbt/ are hotter than the hottest trans girls on reddit
How are people still doing the trans LARP with all this evidence out there that trans women aren't women/trans men aren't men?
your evidence source: "I made it up"
Evidence trans women are men:
xy chromosomes
male bone structure
male sexual organs
Evidence they are women:
they said they are women
Holy shit you're in dire need of rope
no tits
Oh yeah, thanks for reminding me to bully chestlets more by calling them trannies.
Still hope the transvestite kill himself, tho.
Wait til you hear this niggas voice
You forgot that they always either sound like men or a femboy doing a high-pitched voice. Even the most masculine tomboy still reveals that lack of Adam's apple in her voice.
Don't tell these normalfags that, you're going to ruin the secret last straight site on the internet with a decent female to male ratio.
People really have no idea what people look like anymore
I didn't realise Elizabeth Moss was a redditor as well as a troon.
Troons are so nasty I can clock them immediately. One of them sat my family at a japanese steakhouse the other day me and my bf were laughing about how big and hulking he was
Wouldn't 100% of the ones you can't spot be ones you wouldn't notice or know about by definition and 100% of the ones you can spot easily be non-passing also by definition?
You can see the moustache
That's not really fair. She was merely a billionaire's girlfriend.
If you look at pic related you can see a young actress famous for her good looks.
Honestly cute but holy manhands. Would fuck if wearing oven mitts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vik-7MjKDa0 [Embed]
Can't breed a man
r*ddit username is delusionalgirl
Definitely bait
Nah, you can always tell dude
Hand smallification surgery
