Ask my gf anything
will she be willing to peg bussy?
ask her if she is god
CAn I be part of her harem?
If you suck the toes
She is not
Is the BBC just a meme?
In america probably not, in asia and europe it is
Will you kneel?
*bows down to his goddess*
No, I would rather die. But I will let her sit on my face ofc.
Good boy
You wont suffocate?
Can I jerk off to your pics? Am I allowed to cum?
Yes you can. No youre not
Fucking Christ anon that's a God tier pic. If I do that's two birds w/ one stone
How big are the boobs and can i see pussy?
Has she ever touched a black cock?
Hmmmmm i will think about it
Why do you like to talk about black cock
So yes then.
pls do beautiful. How does a man even meet and get such hot gf?
Ill give you an answer if you answer me
I found the pajeet
Gym is a good start
I'm just curious if she has tried it. I enjoy to study women and their sexual motivations and experiences. Collect data.
Look at her. 10/10 body. No way she didn't.
Something I already started doing, so looks good
Can do, give it a shot
the eternal burger. kys
I'm actually German.
Which state you from?
I think your intention is more fetish related. No i have not, they are not my primary type and they also do not exist in my country
Thuringen.
assuming op isn't just posting random pictures of a girl he simps for what's with the obsession of posters to indicate that a woman is their gf here? why not just post them? very cuck-like
To make all the incels on this board seethe, obviously.
Thueringen government sucks, what's your opinion to your state government
I don't care about it. Or anything. I hate almost everyone I meet here. I am severely depressed. Everyone is a delusional retard.
Universal German problems I see, I feel ya. most females here reach barely 5/10.
do you drink beer as a young Germans or beers are old boomers drink?
if you drink, what style do you prefer? German pils, weizen, bock?
what is your opinion on closing nuclear plants across all your country and switching to coal and gas? as other eu citizen, i find your country decision extremely stupid and can't think of how it is rationalized
Beer is for all ages (if they're over 16), it is dependent on your preference if you even want to drink beer or not. Radelberger is nice
I have no problems with their uglyness. Ugly women are everywhere. I have a problem with their ridiculous attitudes and delusional mindset and completely mentally detached self-image. They sicken me to my core. 
No I don't drink alcohol at all. I find German drinking culture abhorrent. A part of me wills Muslim conquest of Germany just so that they ban alcohol. 
I developed an obsession with Prohibition era America. I dream of replicating this across Germany.
I'll be honest with you. I'm not even from Germany. I am from Europe, but I'm not American. I think Germany's decision to close nuclear power plants is perhaps the most retarded decision they have made in recent history. 
Nuclear power is the future. Only a simpleton would be against it by this point.
The decition of retarded German parties to make the live of Germans harder, speer headed by the Green. If Germany doesn't vote AfD, there will be a second downfall, just more permanent this time
German here. Pure leftist retardation and science denial. There is nobody to counter it, because out of the six major german political parties, four are far-left, one is moderate but only cares about the economy, and the only right-wing party has gotten the same treatment Trump did in America: 24/7 demonization and every single voter painted as a low-IQ bigot.
I don't understand why the left are against nuclear power.
There is a history of seeing it as bad thanks largely due to the Chernobyl incident. Low-iq lefties aren't capable of thinking about this with any sort of nuance, so instead of seeing it as the soviet union being retarded they instead went "all nuclear power = bad." (This is similar in logic to that of people who believe planes are more dangerous than cars.) The leftist media has been pushing this view ever since and lefties never question anything they're fed with, so this kept being the consensus among them.
Because they hate white poeple and don't want to give them low and clean energy prices but instead wanna build everywhere ugly and inefficient wind turbines and solar panels
But nuclear is the only realistic shortterm solution to massively lowering carbon emissions and general environmental destruction without crippling our energy supply.
Do they know Germany import significant amounts of their electricity from France, who generate most of their electricity from nuclear (around 77%).
i cant imagine how none of politics protested, ffs Merkel has degree in physics and PhD in quantum chemistry, unbelievable
I guess we do, at least I do
According to them, all the poor people should just switch to far more expensive electric cars or stop using personal vehicles entirely, stop eating so much high quality food (the most popular german science programs literally show segments about how you, too, can save the earth by no longer eating meat and similar things,) how people should travel less, and that all that nice "green" energy like wind turbines and solar panels will easily take care of those issues. They don't actually look into the science and numbers behind any of this, and any of the drawbacks the media and politicians are pushing they treat half-heartedly as something they will surely get around to at some later date.
This is treated like anything else that goes against the narrative: the media mostly doesn't mention it, so the leftists either don't know about it or ignore it. If I had to guess as to their rationale, it's probably something along the lines of the above - "yeah, but once we get more solar panels and wind turbines, we won't have to do that anymore."
The CDU (literally the "Christian Democratic Union,") the party she belongs to, is the one that opened to the doors to all the immigrants that have flooded Germany. Just to give you an idea of how cucked we are as a country.
Yes but that doesn't immunize you from large bribes by various lobbying groups and companies heavily invested in Germany scrapping nuclear and being completely reliant upon foreign energy imports, does it.
So do more pictures come or were that all files in the folder?
Is she going to take responsibility for the boner this thread gave me?
You need to rub it yourself
Do you guys doing cuckolding content? Basically, I'll pay for your lingerie, dates and everything and keep on sending me humiliating content throughout telling me i'm a worthless virgin loser. I can pay a lot
We got many reddit clients like this, should i take this robot aswell or should i not exploit chan bretherens
Ill let r9k decide
What do you do for them? How does it make your gf feel knowing some dicklet losers want to be humiliated by her? Does she feel disgust but just does it for the $?
Chances are they won't pay you shit and are just cuckposting to troll.
Femdom, cuckolding them, ass and feet worship, sissification, findom.
She enjoys it but is mostly indifferent to it, pragmatic for money
Yeah i guessed so
How can you cuckold someone you're not dating? Seems stupid
Also, is her face ugly?
Can I be her sissy cuck, caged, dressed up and tied up as I'm forced to watch you, a real man, satisfy her?
Its just a form of roleplay anon and fairly common online. No she is not ugly
Does she ever dom you?
Nope but i let her sit on my face, if thats domming for you
Post moar pics please. I'm hard, how do you feel about guys jerking off to your gf? Also, would you ever share her in a threesome if a guy offered big money?
how do you feel about guys jerking off to your gf? 
I dont mind it, its a form of validation when people find your girl hot but mostly its just business
Probably not, we make enough money to be content with
more! MOAR! WITH LESS PANTY!
How much do you make a month?
Enough pics for today anonkun
Its very volatile, 2.5k on bad months. Up to 6k on good months
Meh, not that much. I'll offer you $30k to fuck your gf in front of you
Its just an extra side gag and a fun hobby, keep your 30k anonkun
do you have any pics of her armpits please
