should i just take 4 instead of 2 (12mg) i dont want to throw them out shits were $13 or should i talk to my doctor and maybe get a prescription for something i just want a good nights sleep bros
hit that CBD vape, ape
Try Benadryl, I find melatonin keeps your mind awake.
Melatonin's got diminishing returns. Add zinc and peppermint tea to your "wah I can't le sleep" routine.
smoke some weed you'll be out like a light. get a pipe, get a gram, pinch some off the nug and smoke it. guarantee it'll do the trick.
may allah have mercy on haram drug users 
thanks anon ill try those
I hate to Joe Rogan out but i'm starting to be convinced sleeping aides are horse shit, the fucking things either don't work or cause nightmares and as you said they all cost a fortune.
-Get at least 30 minutes of excersize a day
-No caffeine 10 hours before you crash
-don't drink aclohol every night
-Don't drink or eat an hour before trying to sleep.
-take a walk outside for like 10 minutes before you crash.
-don't look at your phone.
i know it sounds cheesy but this was the mundane stuff that actually worked for me.
-Get at least 30 minutes of excersize a day
i work a manual labor job so i think this is covered 
-No caffeine 10 hours before you crash
ill have an occasional iced coffee in the morning but the rest of the day i just drink water or sparkling water
-don't drink aclohol every night
i dont drink
-Don't drink or eat an hour before trying to sleep.
ill have dinner when i get home from work but still stay up for an hour or 2 cleaning up or doing other small stuff
-take a walk outside for like 10 minutes before you crash.
i get home past dark no way im walking around at night 
this i actually do but i do watch tv for a bit on bed so maybe i can cut that out
I use valerian root, magnesium glycinate, and lavender and gardenia oil to help too.
These are basically what I do, and they mostly seem to help. However, I know my insomnia is anxiety induced and I refuse to get put on full time brain pills so for the particularly gnarly evenings I'll use CBD as this Anon >>73010663 suggested. 
I do only go to CBD (and really any type of "medical" intervention such as melatonin) as an absolute last resort.
Melatonin puts me out immediately but I only use them sparingly when I really really need to sleep like the night before a job interview. You need to buy the heavy duty ones I think the ones I get are stronger per dose
