Do any of you guys have parents like this?
I'm so sorry man but that's fucking funny. What is her problem
no she didn't
what does she wanna abuse you or something
My mother has said some pretty horrible shit some which was deserved and some which wasn't but it's because she is horrendously low IQ. Are you sure your mother isn't dumb?
That is fucking hilarious. My mom's not like that but she keeps telling me to not shave it down just to "see what it would look like." Not realizing I'm receding and thinning to the point of looking like an ugly bastard from a hentai. She's legit clinging on to it more than I am.
funny
Maybe it is but it crushed me. We were going to go to a family function and she started berating me saying that I looked ugly bald. She told me I would embarrass her. I ended up just staying home. 
100% honest to god she did. 
She's not the smartest but I wouldn't say she's dumb. 
she keeps telling me to not shave it down just to "see what it would look like."
She's said this to me before multiple times as well. Last time I grew it out she told me I looked like an old teacher of hers that was apparently a pedophile. 
She's legit clinging on to it more than I am.
Same. She used to go on and on about how thick my hair was growing up. She can't accept that that's not who I am anymore.
My mom told me she was embarrassed that I was bald
kek
Last time I grew it out she told me I looked like an old teacher of hers that was apparently a pedophile.
christ your mom is an asshole
When I pointed out how thin my crown was to mine she tried to tell me she couldn't see what I was talking about. It was literally already at half the fucking density of everything else and she was trying to gaslight me into thinking it wasn't happening.
No my mom just gaslights me and tells me I'm not bald at all. This is what my hairline looks exactly like btw 
(not me in the pic)
well thread ruined because this retard showed up. fun conversation while it lasted, see you in the next one
I was lucky enough to have a based mother who tried to make me feel better about rapidly baldceling between 23-28.
She said it was pretty common. She didn't even like that I shaved my head for a while.
I miss her :'-/
