Built for BWC. There's no denying it.
Never got why they use coloniser as an insult, aren't you just admitting you've been conquered and subjugated?
That's the whole point you incel
do you not know how to read
Lol. Whats that?
What ricecels don't have but women demand.
All those white boys have 1 inchers though.
All those asian cuck enthusiasts though
Kek.
All those white cucks though.
Delusional ricecel lmao
Nice screenshot collage of fake tweets from 2011 bro. How does Tyrones cock taste?
Absolutely delusional ricecel lmao
KEK.
How will Asian bros ever recover? Guess they will have to drown their sorrows in sweet zoomer pussay.
Based.
In reality ricecels just kys lol
White genetics are dominant, cope ricecel.
Mostly old people.
Meanwhile young white boys and Asian girls have disproportionately higher suicide rates than Asian men. Kek.
White genes are cucky and recessive, just like white boys. Now bend over for your Asian daddy.
Man I love riding cute white Koreaboo horses.
They are just so easy. Being a Korean guy is like being royalty in this day and age. Prime Asian and Euro pussy is just handed to you freely.
Enjoy it. It's not gonna last once Tyrone takes over.
The Asians Girls from USA are the Biggest Whores on Earth and they are Ugly Japanese and Korean are in other League
No problem with this desu. Everyone is happy.
meh, threads boring
Mostly young and unwantes ricecels lol. Cope and kys. 
WMAF are good at living cuck lifestyles and killing themselves together kek. KimChads will breed fertile Asian and white wombs and have cute hapa and Korean babies.
No.
Did you and lingling plan your suicides yet?
Cope ricecel cuck. Nobody wants you and you will kys.
I will not fuck asian women Xi Ping.
I will not have asian sons with a chinesse whore.
I will not racemix with a asian whore.
I will not date asian whores.
I will not touch asian abominations no matter how many posts you make showing off how its like totally the hip thing to do everyone is doing it.
LOL. Slit your wrists white boy, since you are most likely to. 
I will keep riding my white horses until I am 80.
Ohnonono fine wine bros. I thought life peaked at 40?
