officially been rejected by 3,400 women as of today
Should I call it quits at 4,000 or should I keep going until 10,000?
Highly unlikely. Age?
What are you doing in between rejections? Brute forcing thousands of rejections is retarded if youre not changing your approach at all.
Buddy boyo...
Tinder doesn't count faggot.
Should I call it quits
Don't quit but I think you should reconsider your current strategy. Why do you think you've been rejected so many times now?
Local man brutalized by his own mistakes, fails to learn, presses on through the carnage repeating the same mistakes hoping for change. News at 11
It only half counts if it wasn't in person. You are suppose to write off half of your rejects anyway. Unless you're making money off it then they'll claim they deserve some of it. They'll be determined about it too like stephen king pretending to be a pop icon instead of getting offed by a school shooter or a van like even though he's probably directly responsibly for most of those things being the regular weapon of choice. Except publishers would loose so much money they just don't want to admit it.
29. I started asking girls to be my gf on irc rooms and forums when I was 14
Not much. I just focus on my hobbies then when I see a girl that catches my eye, I approach and get rejected or I just try on places like /soc/
I didn't include Tinder
I'm not attractive
Sounds like a national hero
do colab with mr beast
 I'm not attractive
a lot of unattractive people get dates and so on, so that on it's own isn't a good reason to give up. if you don't mind, what's your life outside of being online like? I think there might be a lot of room for improvement to improve your success rate
I wish I could.
I go to work, I play tennis, I hang out with my family and I go to the gym
play tennis
Lmao, I know a 40something year old incel who plays tennis. Do you happen to be from Croatia by any chance?
I go to work, I play tennis, I hang out with my family and I go to the gym
that's great anon! Tho I do have a small suggestion that might improve your success, volunteering sounds like generic advice but it really is a great way to spend time with people while doing something positive. I.e. local animal shelter, food banks, over church activities, coaching local sporting teams and so on. Need to try and max out things where you can just hang out with people in a positive light and try and avoid the amount of time you're online. Gym and work is where some people meet others but I feel that it's harder since HR policies or gym rules might make it hard or people have the mentality of muh don't bother me, I just want to work out. Tennis is good too but really try and find things where you can talk more and just chill around in person.
Nope, but I noticed tennis is an incel favorite. I know lots of incels who play it
Thanks, anon. I'll look into volunteering
Do you approach girls IRL or only online?
Both. For example, today's rejection came from a girl from /soc/ who added my tag last week
