Power is taken and never given
Whitecels are trying their hardest to not give up their position on the social hierachy, but the demographic shift is already occurirng. You can see it with how society is treating White men now a days. How media is influencing the next generation of kids and the demographic shift is occuring right before our eyes.
Don't let these Whitecels telll you any difference. Showing you statistics that occured from 20 years ago. Just look at the response of White 'men' in 2023. Look at the rise of Manosphere groups because of those changes. The rise of Mass shooters. The rise of Inceldom. It will become even more extreme and violent as time progressives and their population starts declining more and more. Look at the sexual market place being more competitive then ever. More immigrants entering the market place. More White women dating out to Blacks and Asians. Less White men going out and interacting. All this compounds over time on the demise of the White race. Again look at the action not what Whitecels tell you.
I except more Whitecels to travel also. To escape "Jew influences". Usually normies will say something along the lines about how Western women are masculine to cope. The reality is they are just trying to run away from those influences, but its just a band-aid fix solution and knowing White genes are recessive. They are indirectly killing off their White genes even faster.
Ahhh Darwinism at its finest. Its poetry right?
They are scared and its just fucking beautiful.
I except more Whitecels to travel also. To escape "Jew influences".
Already hordes of these freaks in shitholes like Philippines and other SEA countries. They don't look like the marble statues that they post online lol
Are white bois the most pathetic race? They lack the athleticism and toughness of Black men, the intelligence of Indians and the chad bone structure of Asians. Now that white women have access to a wider selection of males why would she choose a defective snow ape over a 6 6 African BVLL or a pretty boy Korean? Face it White men, we are defunct.
Oh yea. I know. I did some backpacking couple years back and this Oldcel(50s) was living in Vietnam about 5'8 in stature tell me Asian women love White guys right too my face. So i just said Oh, is that why you flew half way around the world to a third world country? He looked at me baffled and dazed cause i challenged his belief. It was kinda funny. We both ate our dinners quietly and stopped talking lol.
Expect their seething to continue and grow louder lmao
Are white bois the most pathetic race?
Yes. There is a reason for picrel.
You love to see it!
So much for "BWC" just another cope from whitey!
cherry picking
rates are down for everyone
Latino rates are increasing
Asian rates are increasing
Take another look and post the pic or do you want me to do that for you?
Only white people matter
What asian countries are increasing? I know india is. But korea, japan and china is collapsing.
Sure thing Brad Sure thing.
Now go whine and complain about how girls treat you and how Woke is Broke
Dont you have a job?
You sit on r9k every day
we'll see how long that lasts. uncivilized people's birth rates are usually higher, see africa. once latinos come out of their ghettos they will see the same decrease in their fertility rate.
I thought u were specifically talking about America.
In that region Latinos and Asians are indeed increasing and will continue to increase past 2050.
Its quite hilarious how u guys like to group us as "Asians" when it fits the narrative and call us "Koreans" when it fits the other narrative.
Anyways, SEA countries are all increasing in population. EA is decreasing. Asia as a whole has a population of over 4.5 billion. Whites combined have 650 million after removal of immigration. Trust me Asians will be here far longer then you will be. You would need a 185x decrease in Asian population birthrate to even begin being on the same level.
Hey what did i tell you Brad?
Chop chop hurry up.
Lol
Lmao
Cope and kys ricecel cucks
It is not about race, it's about the lack of meaning and purpose in society, which fuels the Western society degeneracy and collapse. To cope with the lack of meaning and purpose in life, society adopted hedonistic values and lifestyle while rejecting religion, and we can see the impact this has on the individual. The only reason white people are more effected is because they come from middle-to-high class households and are the main demographic population in Western countries.
he posted as ethno nationalist parties took power across Europe 
he posted as democrats border policy after border policy of the trump administration and told migrants
Dont come
to the United States
Your entire existence is predicated on a system of global trade which has already collapsed 
Posting some dudes dick pick isnt going to stop the residency visas already being revoked across Europe
silly little white boi
your women belong to us
Whites are the most desirable race by far. 
Cope and kys ricecel
nigga what?
i dont give a fuck.
BBC is the ultimate desire for both gooks and cumskins
its the ultimate form of pleasure because we are the ultimate form of masculinity
you can never compete with your 3 inch peckerwood white boi
As a white failed male I have become a sissy cuck for my superior gf who fucks real men while I remain in chastity. I know I'm lesser and lucky to care for her outside the bedroom with my job.
ASTRONOMICAL SHITSKIN COPE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
So recessive that Americoons can be told apart from pure blacks
