LMFAOOOO all the seething roasters in the comments 
https://www.reddit.com/r/NotHowGirlsWork/comments/12rzipt/i_dont_pay_for_women_if_i_cant_touch_them_says_it
she thought she could get a free meal and then tries to humiliate him for it. the entitlement is insane. if she wants to use him as a wallet, he should get to use her for her pussy. if she's just there to get to know him she should pay.
she went there first but reddit roasties are so entitled they don't even see it.
Lmao it looks like shoe leather and is served on a plastic tray, how good could it be? Kind of based though.
Anyway this sub is amazing for getting alook at the deranged roastie mind:
https://reddit.com/r/NotHowGirlsWork/comments/12pd3ua/definitely_not_how_gender_roles_work_either/
Bonus seething about sexbots:
https://www.reddit.com/r/NotHowGirlsWork/comments/12lb1gc/well_its_4chan/
Christ, does anyone have anything better to do.
Not really
Society is a huge fucking joke at this point
Yeah such a great use of time, using all my time and energy to make money for some corporate leech
Still. This is literally a step below making strawman to debate. They bitch all men are evil, you all bitch women are evil. Both find the scum of the sex, justify or handwave thier side away. What do either side gain besides butthurt?
/Nothowgirls is goto guide for bugmen when they want a quick gotcha. It's presence is not only tolerated but celebrated while incels are sub culture of 4chan who get mocked all the time without any fear of downvotes like what you just did.
are you guys sure this guy is in the right here?
Didn't I mock both though.
But one of them is especially a sign of something extremely fucked up and doesn't same deserve same level of ridicule as other.
They're both retarded
Guy invited her but refuses to pay for both
I get it, equal rights equal responsibilities, but on the first date you're trying to impress, so you should offer to pay (especially if you invited her) and if she's a keeper, she'll either offer to pay or pay her half. This guy seems like he just wanted to boost his ego by shutting her down
That's just retarded, you should always have money on you. Bitch really just went for a free meal
Which one is it anon?
he should have made it clear he was only paying from the beginning but it is dumbass to not have any money and still go on dates. id do the same desu
It's an uphill battle for guys
The whole "paying for her food" thing is only on the first date, after that either she has to pay you back for the first time or you each pay your own. If she expects a free meal every time, ditch the bitch, she ain't worth it
Demoralization so that their real world competition can diminish and get easier access to top positions to establish their own wealth, rules and ultimately, their idealized world free of stupid people. Theyve already invested alot into colonizing mars and meming it because they hate being here with losers lol
fuck you i thought this was Ambatukam related :(
kill yourself
no he made it clear he DIDN't expect her to have sex with him
which is why he didn't buy her food
faggot retard
It doesn't need to be, and the first step is to take away free meals.
I am never the one who asked her out in the first place, so good luck on getting me to pay.
just trashy behavior all around. no one came out looking like the winner here
she's a stuck up narcissistic bitch and he's a manipulative bottom-feeding shyster who thinks he can get pussy for a happy meal. even worse, the girl walked away like she suffered a major loss. 
a fucking rubbery piece of shit steak on a piece of plastic
Wait til you guys find out about TwoXChromosomes
Bitch you want some food then do some work get on your knees bitch. Dumb bitch needs a beating
only thing I agree with when it comes to the woman: food is not worth sucking some stranger dick for.
all these normie cunts in this thread calling the guy wrong
he did nothing wrong, he asked if the foid would go on a date with him and she accepted, he paid for his food she didn't.
not his problem, she could've said no but she said yes
if you don't everything you had planned to go on a random date with a random stranger then thats on you
She simply wasn't hungry enough yet
Why the fuck is he cutting and eating that steak on the lid of a takeout container when he's sat down at the restaurant? Do they not have plates?
you make a very good point. very good point.
4chan is the ass end of the internet content human centipede now. Shit gets posted here HOURS after being posted elsewhere on he normienet. Hell, people go here to discuss dumbfucks on twatter ffs.
Woman had this fucking come to them. So many twitter roasties smugly brag about how they purposefully only take dates with incels for the free meals from five-star restaurants. Women want all the perks of traditional dating with none of the downsides, they want men to pay for everything, to hold the door for them, to pull the seat out for them, to give them their coat, etc but they don't want to reciprocate anything, they offer nothing.
