i get asked out by random ugly men from discord often and some of them even start by saying "ik i'm ugly". okay so if you know how ugly you are, why ask me out? are they implying i'm also as ugly as them?
another tranny demoralization falseflag bait post that is going to get 100 replies
i get this and hate it. it hurts my self esteem since only ugly guys ask me out. i guess i am ugly but im still not going to date them.
Why is it that big of a deal to fuck or date ugly people to you?
I've been with hot young girls but I also fucked a fat 50 year old woman for a while back in my 20s.
You two seem insecure. I guess if they're so ugly to you that you physically can't have sex without the assistance of artificial lubricant then that'd be a practical reason to be alone instead, but otherwise seems silly to me.
it's not a bait
i feel you then they get pissed when you reject them
men fuck anything but it's different for us gals. i bet you're handsome and even those 50 year old ugly women wouldn't ever fuck an ugly guy
are they implying i'm also as ugly as them?
They thought you'd be less shallow
reminder that when a girl actually likes you she will find you 10x more physically attractive than you actually are
People need to learn to go for their looksmatch. I mostly get asked out by hot guys because I am hot, but every now and then theres gonna be the occasional ugly shooting his shot. Problem is, the shallow ones are those ugly ones, because they don't even bother to get to know me before they ask me out. How the fuck are you supposed to know if you like me if you barely know my personality? That proves they're attracted on the shallow basis of me being hot, while they cant provide that same attractiveness themselves. Not that I'd date anyone based solely on looks, personality is equally important, but you can't expect someone out of your league to want you when you don't even know them further than their look
because they don't even bother to get to know me before they ask me out
Ahh well that changes the situation completely then. I thought those were people that talked to you for a while over discord.
incels are not ugly, just autistic and deliberately plain in dress so they're invisible
Oh Im not OP, sorry, I was just adding my opinion and experience! Sorry for the confusion
Almost everyone could look good, but many are now covered in flab that hides their good looks and makes them look like a thumb. Actual ugliness is pretty rare.
I feel like this is just a rant to hate on ugly dudes. The halo effect is real and so is the horn effect. Whether we like to admit or not, we give people more or less allowances based off how they look. If am ugly guy did try to get to know you, I feel like you would find a reason not to date him (obviously being ugly). I can understand someone physically attractive wanting and use to dating others attractive, but don't spin it the way you are and instead be honest.
Incels definitely are ugly
You are projecting a lot of your insecurity onto me. I don't hate ugly people. I have no problem befriending people of any level of attractiveness. I've dated people in the past that people have told me were way too ugly for me given my own social standing. (And before you assume, no, I did not break up because of my them being ugly, it's for the reasons such as clashing on a personal life goals subject and such). It kinda hurts tho that it seems that nearly all people who want to get to know me have ulterior motives. It's easy to be friends with someone while having some different beliefs, but in order to date someone their personality needs to match yours at a much higher level, which is not something you can find in just about anyone.
You did say the shallow ones are the ugly people, which is a bit harsh given they aren't even the majority that hit on you.
Bad wording on my part. I just meant THOSE specific ugly ones who don't bother are shallow
Cause we at least like to try and not give up, something most of you probably dont do anywaya because muh win streak. Piss off.
wanting an attractive bf is not shallow
wow, a pick me! i'm an ugly girl and i date hot guys. what's the issue?
that's called ugly
i feel sorry for them because i'm an ugly skinny girl so not all are just fat some of us just have weird faces. i just think they should stop focusing on dating
I'm not projecting shit, lol. You literally said all ugly guys who approach you are shallow.
wanting an attractive bf is not shallow
Your baiting is horrible, anon. If you're just lonely, you should be more honest and true to yourself. People might like you more. That, and stop pretending to be a girl.
It kinda hurts tho that it seems that nearly all people who want to get to know me have ulterior motives.
This is true for everyone though.
OP again, I'm MtF trans if that matters
I am hot
Bee my gf? 
It's joke, I don't want used goods
Actual ugliness is pretty rare
I am that
 okay so if you know how ugly you are, why ask me out?
You sound like a shallow miserable bitch. Guys are trying to be nice and shoot their shot and this bitch just blasts them on chan.
Im not a pick me? And I have no issue with you? I was on your side :/ girls are supposed to stick together. You rejecting me is more pick me behavior. But I won't hold it against you to be defensive after misunderstanding the situation.
Because all ugly guys who have approached me asked me out without getting to know me. The "ugly" ones that I've dated, I was the one to approach them and got to know them first and fell in love somewhere along the way.
Yeah, it's true. I didn't say it was exclusive to me. I personally don't always approach people with ulterior motives, and I guess I can't speak for other girls but I do feel like most girls don't approach with ulterior motives either, while in my experience only a small percentage of guys had no ulterior motives when befriending me, as far as I am aware.
Why did you feel the need to reply at all? Anyway I'm taken.
why do incels try to find girlfriends?
The brain knows it's over but the heart won't stop longing for a miracle.
are they implying i'm also as ugly as them?
they mean you are uglier than them, thus they have a chance
femanon btw
discord 
incel rayg bayt
why do you niggers still unironically bump this shit 
it's unironically OVER for you
I didn't say it was exclusive to me.
You were speaking about your problems so I read it as problems that were more exclusive to you. 
I do feel like most girls don't approach with ulterior motives either
That's debatable for sure as I've seen this enough times irl. Befriending men and getting them to do their work from grade school always to the professional level with projects. We men don't corner the market with negative traits.
Oh I implied ulterior motives of wanting to date. You are totally correct that ulterior motives of getting others to do their bidding is frequent, but that's common in the human nature of both sexes. It's part of social hierarchy norms that people partake in. Only autists don't partake in it. I am an autist myself so I think these behaviors are fucking stupid and self-deprecating but that's just my opinion.
most guys don't wanna be friendzoned by women. it's cucked
pretty much this. i've been rejected by 10,000 women and i'm a 30 year old kv incel but i still try. i just need to find that one special girl
Oh I implied ulterior motives of wanting to date.
Even then that's not true. I know a girl who literally goes on tons of dates with guys so she can get her meals payed for. I'm not trying to be a dick to you, so don't take it this way. Both sexes do shitty things to each other when it comes to pretty much everything.
Because it's such a dumb post.
I'm pretty sure I should have finished what I wrote with anything.
If you don't "want to be friendzoned" then why do you only interact with girls you want to date? Having friendships with the opposite gender is good for mental health and an overall healthy balanced individual. You should approach all types of women that seems interesting to talk with, without going in with the expectation of dating nor necessarily want to date. And who knows, maybe among those friendships, one could develop deeper into an organic mutual love for eachother, but it shouldn't be pushed as the goal from the get go.
God girls like you are so disgusting. Do you think you are above those guys because you think you are hot ? You are ugly and it shows
Well like I said earlier I can't speak for other girls! This is just how I personally behave and felt like I observed most girls do as well, but of course that observation depends on the people I surround myself with, and I tend to avoid people who do scummy thing like that, so I can't give accurate proportions of who does or doesn't have shitty ulterior motives! No worries btw, I know you're not trying to be a dick, we're just having an open discussion :) !
Ok
what? i don't approach with ulterior motives. i tell them straight up, i want to date, they say no and i leave them alone like an adult. being friendzoned as a guy is the most emasculating and cucked thing on earth when you have feelings for the girl
Anon, most healthy relationships develop as friendships first, often without having ever expect this friendship to blossom into love. Unless the context in which you are speaking is dating apps, you shouldn't just approach saying you want to date. It shows that you don't view them as a person with goals, ambitions and passion to share with, but rather as just the idealized image of having a partner. Hookup and Dating culture has really rotten the brains of people when it comes to finding a partner to share your life with. Btw, I don't mean to come off as any type of mean and I'm sorry if it sounds like that in any way! I just with to help you and others.
A relationship never works in the long run if theres no friendship since love can't carry everything I see that in my parents everyday
I totally agree with you and it is what I am preaching! I hope there wasn't something I said that conveyed the opposite message..?
maybe but i've never seen this happen irl. initial attraction is what it's built on, right? friends are friends because there's no attraction
Nono just saying haha so yea my parents always says thats how they have been together for almost 40 year and happy
She's autistic, she's wired differently anon.
autistic girls are the biggest whores for chads
Why whats the reason for you to say that
I don't know about that as I know zero autistic women. The majority of them can't even talk so I am in doubt.
In my experience, "love at first sight" (initial attraction) is destined for failure. When you have initial attraction that is strong, you will be blinded and discard the parts of their personalities that does not match yours. Also, I never said you can't find your friends objectively attractive. I don't imply wanting to fuck your friends just acknowledging they are conventionally attractive or something. There is a theory that people also mostly befriend their looksmatch and I can see that theory being correct in my personal friend circles. Usually friends are friends because they have a lot of things in common to enjoy together, while still having different aspects that don't perfectly coincide with eachother. Platonic love is also a very fulfilling form of love, where you see yourself having this person in your life forever, but maybe not necessarily sharing every deepest aspects of your life together.
Oh okay! Thats pretty cool that you have happy parents anon! You're really lucky!
Ouch but touche but also I'm very well versed on the topic of social interactions and do know a lot about how non-autistic people interact.
i've met plenty from here. 3 had multiple orbiters paypigging them and a tall chad bf irl the others were quite blunt in telling me they would rather be single than date anything other than chad
You can't just lump all autistic women in a basket anon, people are unique and have various different personalities, with or without autism. Autism is called a spectrum for a reason, we're not all the same.
Obvious lies. What's your endgame?
don't imply wanting to fuck your friends just acknowledging they are conventionally attractive or something
what if i'm not attractive? it won't work just like approaching random girls on 4chan and telling them "be my gf" won't work. it's just a matter of luck for me, kinda like winning the lottery but it's free so i have no reason not to try. 
Platonic love is also a very fulfilling form of love, where you see yourself having this person in your life forever, but maybe not necessarily sharing every deepest aspects of your life together.
yes, the issue is i fall in love with any girl who gives me a bit of attention. it's not fully platonic if it's one sided romantic love. 99% of male friends would date/fuck their female friends but some of us are just more honest
There is a theory that people also mostly befriend their looksmatch and I can see that theory being correct in my personal friend circles.
Well yeah, no one wants to be at the bottom of the totem pole. If I'm hot and you're not I will get better treatment nearly always, things you will never experience. This can put a strain on a relationship and build resentment. Not to mention I don't want to be around someone who resents me so I'll just hangout with my hot friends. This way I talk about these type of things (men always hitting on me, or just getting free shit) without worrying about hurting your feelings. Another benefit is that I can talk about problems that you wish you had.
never said they were all the same but i'm just highlighting that they have the same preferences/dating needs as normal women. autism doesn't make a woman not desire chad, suddenly
nope, not at all. op is probably autistic for example, most women have identitical mating strategies. obviously, i can acknowledge there are sever cases of autism where a girl is low functioning but that's different. i doubt people like that are in the dating market anyway
we're not all the same.
But a significant percentage sure is. Any group with a mental disorder/disease will have trends.
for example, most women have identitical mating strategies. 
Are you saying there's no female equivalent for the alright-looking but awkward male to hook up with?
In my experience, "love at first sight" (initial attraction) is destined for failure
Relationships solely based on initial attraction are bad yes. Just like relationships with zero initial attraction, which is what you're advocating for. A healthy relationship is in the middle, because you need both platonic and romantic love for it to work. You can't convince yourself that you're attracted to someone because they have a good personality. A lot of women try to do this and they end up hurting their "partner" as well as themselves. Being in a relationship with a someone who likes you but isn't attracted to you is extremely painful
I'm MtF trans
We knew that already, OP.
never said that, a good looking autistic male (not low functioning) does 10000x better than a rich ugly nt guy in the modern dating world. it's all just looks
I still think befriending people while forgetting about looking for love would be in your best interest, regardless of your attractiveness level. Love is something that is meant to develop organically and straight up "looking for it" is at the base of the problem blocking access to finding love to begin with. 
I'm sorry to hear that you fall in love easily, and I am not too sure what words to offer regarding the second half of your reply. I guess what I could say is that the fact you and others will want to date/fuck their friends is part of the problem but I can't tell you not to as it's not something you control. I think there is a societal problem of expectations that led to this phenomenon, as it shouldn't be the norm to fall in love with everyone you befriend. Just to be clear I'm not shaming you or calling you wrong for that, you can't control it, but there has to be some kind of societal pressure from somewhere in your life that led you to be like this.
I'm sorry I'm not sure if I understand your reply? This kind of reads as a sarcastic charade to mock me or other women..? Pardon if that's completely wrong of me to assume. I do agree that it's not good to stick with someone who resents you, but that's for them to figure out and deal with their own thought processes that lead to the unhealthy mechanism of resentment. I personally wouldn't talk down to anyone and I'm always trying to be mindful not to hurt others' feelings
No, because awkwardness doesn't make a woman less desirable for dating
Sorry but you misread my intentions! I also spoke about befriending people of similar attractiveness level as you, that you can objectively consider attractive, without necessarily wanting to jump in their pants. Therefore I am indeed talking about a good healthy balance of friendship and attraction!
I'm not mocking you at all, anon. I'm just telling it as it is because these things DO happen. You're autistic and also created a bubble around yourself so I don't blame you for being unaware of how this works.
I personally wouldn't talk down to anyone and I'm always trying to be mindful not to hurt others' feelings
I don't think you would, accidents happen. You would probably say things out of complete ignorance not noticing x person would feel bad about it. You wouldn't know because you simply can't relate. When I said you wishing problems I have in my example, I'm aware that these are actual problems but will be seen poorly.
Considering someone attractive is not the same as being attracted to them
i have 1 guy irl who is my friend and 2 guys online who are my friends. i think i'm okay with what i have in that regard. i also think it's not as organic as you think. from the female pov maybe. you just sat there, the guy said something funny, or you liked his house or muscles or charm. for that guy, he worked his whole life for those things to pique your interest... you probably just had to wear makeup to pique his interest.
Lets be friends anon- no ulterior motives, scouts honour :)
That is correct and my point. What is your point? I am simply saying that it's weird to be immediately attracted to someone without getting to know them first. If you get to know someone attractive, and that love naturally blossoms, you will become attracted to them since they were already attractive in your standards. 
I don't wear makeup, and I usually go for guys whose personality match mine, not because they are funny of muscular. I also tend to be the one to fall in love first, or atleast I think I am the first, and then test the waters of flirting. But thats besides the point. You described someone who, could be friends already with the girl, and funny by sharing the same humour as said girl. That still describes organic love blossoming. Though if the guy is only interested due to looks, the relationship wouldn't last long as he would be blinded and fail to see the parts of her personality that might not match his.
I'm sure this wasn't your intention at all but this kinda read as condescending >~&lt; @_@. I am pretty self aware for an autist, and although I obviously still can do social faux pas, I'd like to think I'm pretty aware of when something regarding love/looks/social status can hurt someone's feelings and to avoid speaking about such things in the wrong manner alltogether
Sure! Whats your favorite vidya?
Sure! Whats your favorite vidya?
Not him but I liked single player first person rpgs. I enjoyed Oblivion, Warband, and New Vegas a lot. Kingdom Come Deliverance was cool too. but the combat was a bit tedious and boring. How about you?
don't wear makeup, and I usually go for guys whose personality match mine, not because they are funny of muscular. I also tend to be the one to fall in love first, or atleast I think I am the first, and then test the waters of flirting. But thats besides the point. You described someone who, could be friends already with the girl, and funny by sharing the same humour as said girl. That still describes organic love blossoming. Though if the guy is only interested due to looks, the relationship wouldn't last long as he would be blinded and fail to see the parts of her personality that might not match his.
why not just be my gf and save me from this eternal loneliness?
My point is that in order to have a healthy relationship with someone, you need to BE attracted to them, not CONSIDER them attractive. I explained why in my previous reply
That's cool! I like rpgs too but shooters not so much! I like all types of games. I particularly enjoy Skyrim, Danganronpa, multiple rhythm games, a big amount of nintendo games (mostly zelda franchise and pokemon), i like horror games like resident evil and outlast but I'm not very good at them! I mostly like small single player games here and there. I uh.. used to play league and overwatch but I don't wanna think about it too much lol.
As I said before, it's simply things you would be unaware of. Even if you weren't an autist, you would struggle with this as well. I only bring it up to emphasize the challenges. Again people want to surround themselves with people they can relate to.
Like Rhythm heaven ? Or more like samba de amigo and persona dancing all night
I'm sorry anon, if you had read the entirety of my autistic rambling in this thread, you'd have seen I briefly mentioned being taken. I don't want to lead you along! I just want to offer psychological and philosophical opinions to think about in the hopes of helping you have a better life. I just wish to bring happiness to as many humans as possible and help them escape a cycle of negativity.
But you WILL BECOME attracted to them when you like them from their personality? What kumagawa poster said near the top of the thread is true. People will be way more attracted to you once you love their personality, regardless of their initial attraction.
I do like rhythm heaven! And project diva, taiko no tatsujin, bandori and piu. I did try persona dancing all night once tho lol
But you WILL BECOME attracted to them when you like them from their personality?
No. You can't convince your lizard brain to want to fuck someone. You either want to fuck them or you don't
Women are the ones who tell non Chads to keep trying though
Incels do talk to their looksmatches, women are so narcissistic and insane they dont understand they are already the looksmatch equivalent of a male incel all one needs to do is faceapp their gace to the opposite sex to prove it. Every single foid thinks CHAD is their looksmatch regardless of how much they lie about it as they lose their shit even men who are not Chad not higher than their looks match hits on them.
That is incorrect... my bf was someone I never thought I'd want to fuck before. He wasn't my type at all. But I could agree that he was conventionally attractive, but literally not my type. We became bffs, we had so much in come, it felt like a twin flame situation, and yet I firmly believed that we were meant to be as best friends! Time passes and I slowly noticed I was becoming more and more attracted to him, against all odds. I was terrified of ruining the friendship that we had, but luckily for me he felt the same way and was also afraid of ruining the friendship. Organic love blossomed, and my best friend became my boyfriend, which yes I do am attracted to, but I didn't use to be.
But you WILL BECOME attracted to them when you like them from their personality? 
It's the other way round. When a woman likes your looks, she likes every other aspect of you. What you say is funny, your job is cool, you're passionate about things. When you're ugly, you're a creep to her, a nerd and a manchild for doing the exact same things the attractive guy is doing
Ohhh taiko is really cool sid you do it in the arcade with the drums or at home? I really want to try dancerush stardom
A woman who likes someone solely on their looks and therefore likes everything else on the basis of their looks will disregard any "red flags" that shows that this person is not the one for them. They will be blinded by attraction and not notice where their personality clashes and the relationship will be destined for failure.
I wish I could try it at an arcade!! The nearest taiko no tatsujin cabinet for me is a planeride away to a different country lol... 
Whats dancerush stardom? It rings bells but I can't recall knowing about it really.
It's a arcade machine were you are pretty much the controller and have to shuffle pretty much it's really cool
my bf was someone I never thought I'd want to fuck before. He wasn't my type at all
Brutal... I pray he leaves this bland milquetoast dry pussy relationship asap. As for you, please be more in touch with your sexuality before you hurt even more guys. Oh and get off my board
Ooooh i think I know what you're talking about! The one where the dancing pad doesn't really have any indication and lights up as you dance? It looks so fun! There isn't any near me either unfortunately
Idk, anon. I've had girls add me, talk to me, then they insist we give a relationship a go, we exchange pics then I'm told I'm not their types or they just ghost me :/
I like rpgs too but shooters not so much!
I like shooters but I don't like multiplayer, while shooting games tend to have really shit AI. Even with games like ARMA 3, the pinnacle of realistic shooters, the AI is better in some cases but your teammates are so useless it's embarrassing, when they are worse than the one released in their first game in the early 2000s. I always like a bit of combat and I learned some HEMA and martial arts too irl.
I particularly enjoy Skyrim
Honestly I would recommend trying Oblivion. It's got worse graphics but almost everything else is better. The level design is pretty nice too in general. The environment is so comfy...
a big amount of nintendo games (mostly zelda franchise and pokemon)
I liked the Mario games but I don't have a console anymore. Again, I quite enjoyed their level designs. I haven't had one since the DS lite and first Wii.
i like horror games like resident evil and outlast but I'm not very good at them
Never tried them sadly. I watched videos of resident evil gameplay and got quite confused about how you're supposed to kill the bosses.
I mostly like small single player games here and there. 
Like 2d ones?
Yessssss that's it and yea got non in my area or country at all only in the usa and japan i think. Makes me sad they look so cool
What...? I organically fell in love with him. Now, there is no one in this world I could possibly consider more attractive than he is. I find him so beautiful and make sure to tell him as often as possible, just like he tells me how pretty he thinks I am as often as possible. I've been in a happy relationship for 4 years anon.
You have no idea what love means roastie, if someone removed your pussy all of your "love" towards this guy would cease to exist where as a guy can lose his dick and still love his woman
I organically fell in love with him
No you didn't lol. You fell in love with the idea of him that you constructed in your head attractive. You don't find his body attractive. Looking at him naked or feeling him touch you doesn't make you wet. He'll notice one day. Maybe he already has
foid is madly in love bf
has sex with him once a month
jesus
I'm sorry this has happened to you! Here's my thoughts on the situation since it is quite a modern case. I believe it can be hard to form a bond of love over online messaging, since you do not see the person physically talking to you. I am not saying to show a pic right away as it can lead to bias, but I am honestly not sure what the correct script format would be. Problem is, irl, you'll see the person you're talking to from the get go, and won't build unrealistic expectations. In the exemple of what happens to you, it seems like these girls fall in love with your personality, but at the same time they construct a false idealized version of you in their heads, which is not mentally healthy and leads to unrealistically high expections. Since they set these expectations so high, they will be more disappointed when you don't match them, than if you had always been communicating irl instead. It would've maybe even worked out properly if it had been irl from the get go, but because of the internet, anonymity, and mentally unhealthy tendencies of these girls, false expectations that no one can ever meet were created, and since they expected perfection they shot themselves in the foot by ghosting at that point.
I tried oblivion! It just kinda wasn't my cup of tea. I like abusing save states to be a filthy thief pocketing literally everything way too much to fully enjoy oblivion lol, and the difficulty is harder. Im a filthy casual who tends to play games on easy/normal! Idk what to answer to the rest of your reply! I'm so sorry my autistic brain is starting to be way overwhelmed by the level of interaction I'm partaking in rn with replies from all these anons @-@. But fear not I read your whole reply and it was interesting to read your opinion and preferences! I like mario too! And yes some 2d games Idk i just lumped all the tiny games Ive also played in one category at the end >~&lt;
Ikr I wanna try it so bad ;-; maybe one day
That's statistically incorrect. And you are point baseless accusations at me that proves you did not comprehend my messages nor have a healthy concept of love. Love is not about sex. Also to point back at what you said being statistically incorrect, there is a high percentages of men abandoning their wives when they fall terminally ill, for exemple while they are battling cancer. Meanwhile women, historically and statistically, tend to stick with their terminally ill husbands till the end
You are also making baseless accusations. I am attracted to his body. There is nothing in this world that makes me more wet than the touch of his hands on my skin. I did not construct any idea of him in my mind, as I got to know the true him and fell in love with the true him. >>73016548
When was it said that I have sex only once a month?!? We have a healthy sex life.
 I am attracted to his body
So you were always attracted to him, but knowing him has made you more comfortable with expressing that attraction. If what you're saying is true, I'm glad it worked for you but there are a lot of things that can go wrong with that approach to a relationship so please don't advice anyone, especially men, to approach relationships the way you do
they are just jealous probably. you sound great and your bf is lucky to have you
Favourite is a hard question to answer haha. Recently I played the Dead Space remake and liked that a lot, but I am currently playing PoE too much. I also play a bit of FF14 and some other odds and ends- whenever I have free time and a desire, what about yourself?
They are a lost cause don't bother you see how they talk.
Love is not about sex
Meanwhile if bf suddenly goes on a dry spell he doesnt love you right which means you need to sit on cocks to feel "loved" again am I right roastie? Eat shit you lying vagina monkey
Men cheat more
Men invented the concept of romantic love you dumb animal so shut the fuck up
Did you play any other ff game ?
I was not attracted to him. I did not think about wanting to sleep with him. I could objectively tell he was an attractive person. But he wasn't my type. My type has since evolved to be the definition of him. There is now no one in the world I'd want to be in the bed of more than him. Humans tastes and personalities evolves across time. Contrary to popular belief, you do not stick with the same taste and opinions throughout life. It evolves. Approaching someone asking them out solely on the basis of attraction will fail a relationship. You need to be friends first to ensure a happy ever after. I don't understand why this concept is so hard to wrap your head around. Stop thinking with your dick and start thinking with your heart and mind.
Just the MMO, I know- very disappointing :(. I've been spending my days recently after work getting the garden ready for the summer and growing some mushrooms though :)
there is a high percentages of men abandoning their wives when they fall terminally ill, for exemple while they are battling cancer
Because women are more financially dependent on their partners so they can't leave even if they want to. Women love to present weakness as kindness lmao
Ah that's cool i finished ff9 not that long ago
Humans tastes and personalities evolves across time.
Yet every FUCKING HETEROSEXUAL WOMAN ON EARTH WANTS A CHAD. Your posting shows how mentally shallow you are all you describe is his physical actions toward syou like any subhuman vagina brained foid animal you have no clue what romantic love is.
Is that the new remake or is that FF7? did you like it either way?
That's what I'm thinking ;-; everything was civil and a nice open discussion before I mentioned my relationship ;-;
Nice selection anon! Someone already asked me what games I liked and I replied here ! >>73016288
Also its so hard to play vidya the older you get aaaa I want to make some free time to play ;-;
I just want to help people TT_TT. If I can help better the life path of atleast one anon that's enough to make me happy aaaa
If a man goes on a dry spell it is likely due to mental health reasons. Stress and depressive episodes can lead to a lowered libido, and I'd be understanding of that and supportive, I would never cheat for such a stupid reason.
Men did not invent romantic love. Study shows biologically that for humans, as well the majority of other species in the animal kingdom but not all, females have an instinctual drive to lock down one partner in a monogamous way that will stay with them to raise their children. Meanwhile, males have an instinctual drive to produce as many descendants as possible by impregnating as many females as possible, making them instinctively non-monogamous in tendencies.
Played it on my ps 1 and it was amazing ff7 is the new remake didn't play it yet 
That's really nice of you but you can see how fruitless it is. They are so stuck in there way it's kinda hopeless
Monogamy is not romantic love you dumb bitch, and primates like us are polygamous the single mom is the norm in primates humans are the only weirdos where single moms werent the norm and thats due to MEN. Romantic love is devotion to a specific person to the female monkey brain this makes a guy clingy needy disgusting pathetic unable to get anything thus females LIKE YOU lust after men who are anything but romantic mentally manipulative abusive sociopaths who have a catalogue of sluts to fuck and thats excites that paleolithic brain of yours so much.
The older you get the more life gets in the way haha. I remember spending entire summers just playing videogames all day for months on end, good times
Im describing physical attraction because you people are critiquing the physical attraction. And in fact that is wrong because i have mentioned multiple times that we are best friends and that our minds connect on a level that could be deemed twinflames/soulmates. I have repeated many things already, but people like you tend to pick and choose and completely ignore other parts of my speech. Your intermittent treatment of information is reflective of your high level of cognitive dissonance :/ I really want to help you and I have been nothing but nice but unfortunately you are not open to communication. You are also generalizing every woman.... you are victimizing yoursef and putting yourself in a position where you will continue to be persecuted as you would rather blame your shortcomings on others rather than finding inner peace and happiness, which does not need to include a romantic partner, as a person can be perfectly happy without one when they are not self-inflicting themselves with cognitive dissonance
Even if what you're saying is true, it's still a dogshit dating strategy for men. Women find most of us unattractive, and being friends with someone you have feelings for and knowing that they don't share these feelings hurts like hell. You're advising men to put themselves into the highest possible risk for getting friendzoned
Humans tastes and personalities evolves across time
Sure, but it's a very slow and unpredictable process and most people don't really change all that much. Psychologists agree that sexuality is mostly developed in childhood and stays that way, unless a traumatic event occurs
Approaching someone asking them out solely on the basis of attraction will fail a relationship
No it won't. You see, there's this process of courtship that human beings have invented called DATING, where two people who are romantically interested in each other try to feel each other out and see if they're compatible in the social and platonic fronts as well. You can want to fuck someone at first, and then meet them and like them as a person too. It's how most relationships start. Since attraction is (for the most part) spontaneous, but platonic compatibility isn't, it's better to see if the attraction is on point first and then try to know each other
You need to be friends first to ensure a happy ever after
Yes, but you need to be attracted to each other before you're friends. Yes, attraction can manifest later but please consider the possibility that it's a rare occurrence. Sorry to burst your bubble, but you're a woman. You have it pretty easy in dating. Just because something worked for you, doesn't mean it will work for a guy, and as a guy who's both tried this method and seen his friends try it, it doesn't end well most of the time, far from it
Stop thinking with your dick and start thinking with your heart and mind
Bold of you to assume that these are separate entities
No you describe physical attraction because your an animal who can only feel lust not love. Oh my look the vagina ape is trying to shame me and gaslight me.
There is many different species of primates that have varying hierarchies when it comes to reproduction. The bonobos fuck every sex for fun and tend to have more of a matriarchy, and theyre the ones most closely related to humans, and it still means nothing because humans are humans not bonobos. In most primate societies that follow a patriarchal system, there is no single mother either, because the female monkeys tend to stick together to raise and protect their kids from the new dominant males who tries to kill the kids that arent theirs. 
Also, believe it or not but I have a preference for men with a low (0-1) body count, I despise brainless sex addicted men
Oh man I miss those good old times so much!! Taking so much free time would be nearly impossible nowaday TT_TT
You are also generalizing every woman...
You make this too easy look at you mindlessly defending the estrogen tribe like any subhuman with no real individuality
You arent fooling anyone roastie, your bf isnt some robot loser hes a nice looking dude who already had a sexual resume that tingled your pussy.
It doesn't matter what you say to these guys. They just blame woman for everything while failing to see what kind of insane standards they have duo to there insecurity and short cumins. Don't waist your breath no matter what you say in there eyes you are a whore who goes for chad and cheats on her bf
Psychologists agree
Funnily enough, most psychologists agree on the basis of personal opinion and beliefs. I think my messages so far already made it obvious that I'm in the field of psychology. The funny part is, studies and statistics proves otherwise! Sexual orientation yes i mostly unchanging but sexual attraction and habits do vary through the years!
I will not reply to your other points as I am beginning to be very mentally exhausted from these interactions and my answers would mostly consist of repeating my previous points as I've had to do multiple times because people seem to just skip over them over and over again.
Incels have no standards thats why the crap of the female species somehow gets their inbox polluted with horny DMS from incels on this discord servers. Insecurity? Once your good looking foids cant even see your insecurities anymore Chad could admit he is scared of black guys raping him in the asshole and a foid will still continue to date him still suck his dick at his request then shit on an incel who is afraid of a gang killing him if he enters a specific territory in a city even though the incels fear is completley sane and rational.
This is amazing its amazing how your entire vagina tribe will do literally everything to prevent men from knowing that ALL YOU FUCKING CARE ABOUT IS HOW MUCH WE TINGLE YOUR PUSSY ON SIGHT
Working sucks but it also means we don't have to ask mom and dad for the credit card haha, plus I get to waste some money on my other hobbies so it isn't all bad :)
Dude how many times do you see people here bitch and moan that they only want vigins date girls that are 18 and all that shit ?
ugh yes he's objectively attractive but i only started being attracted to him once he said hi to me
I've already engaged with your previous points and explained why they're wrong, but instead of engaging with my rebuttals you just repeat them over and over again. Just please don't give dating advice, especially to guys, ok? You're doing more harm than good. Just don't do it. It's not hard
It's so sad to watch... it really is. It's hard to uphold faith and good beliefs towards humanity when you visit the depths of hell and depravity here...
Atleast I know I do not fall, and that my points still stand have hopefully influenced those who are not beyond salvation. I know I didn't "lose" because most (but not all) of them are no longer doing any cohesive arguments and are rather just throwing insults. I am pretty grounded so I cannot be changed or influenced by the lowly behavior of shit-flinging, so I indeed won't reply to the replies that lack cognitive function in it's writing. But it really breaks my heart that so many people are this far gone and unable to see the reality of the world as it is, preferring to victimized themselves and bringing more woe to themselves voluntarily in the process
You'd be the same as them, if not worse, had you been born male
That isnt high standards stupid fucking foid that is incels wanting a woman who has a low chance of betraying them in the first couple months of dating of course. The emphasis of virginityis because unlike you the incels understand what love really is its devotion to a specific person and there is no greater devotion than waiting for that one person to take your V card because you care about them and not because you want get it over with so you slut it up.
See it like this this place is just for mostly shitty people to be in there echo chamber. They don't want there bubbles to burst. They fail to see that woman are people and the real world outside is different. Don't let that get to you these people don't want to change and no one can change if they don't want to
I do agree that I'd probably have a harder time in forming relationships with the opposite sex if I had been born male, however I would never victimize myself and blame others for my shortcomings, especially not blame and insult the object of my desire as that would just further push me away from attaining what I want.
Even more gaslighting
You caused this by being evil Chadosexual scum you already contradicted yourself by admitting yout bf is attractive meaning a not good looking guy WITH HIS EXACT SAME PERSONALITY WOULDNT EVEN GET A FUCKING HI from you. Looks is all that matters to roasties thats all and thats the truth, any of us could be turned into Chads physically keep our "revulsive" personalities and we would swim in vagina by simply walking around a social venue then watching as the subhuman sex runs us down and get us to fuck them because we are so hot.
Thank you anon! You sound like you have a good head on your shoulders. I wish the best for you in your goals and dreams :)
Women dont bond with the opposite sex as foids will rationalize cheating no matter what even if the bf is Chad showing pairbonding is a beta male myth the only bonding a foid has towards you is either your facebonding or your cockbonding and thats it. If the cockbond or facebond she gets from another guy is higher then she cheats on you without hesitation.
fails to read the part where I mention having objectively "ugly" exes because I was attracted to their personality therefore them, and the only reason I can say they were objectively "ugly" is because friends would comment that he is way too ugly for my social standing. Also fails to read the part where I say I have a preference for men with a body count of 0-1 as I would never touch a manwhore.
however I would never victimize myself and blame others for my shortcomings
Yeah you would. Given enough rejection, everyone resorts to self pity. Our brains have a strong sense of justice. When you see another group of people get way better results for way less effort, you are bound to feel resentment towards that group. You might be smart enough to hide it, or even convince yourself that it's not even there, but it is
That is what you say roastie but you are an animal not a person your vaginal instincts will make you go against your word all the time every time. Muh ugly exes? Get the fuck out of here bitch do your muh ugly exes get poon from left to right like Chad does? No meaning ALL FOIDS ARE STIILL FUCKING CHADOSEXUAL INCLUDING YOU. Stupid bitch hahahaha I totally love virgins ahahhahahah i love virgins so much ahahahahahhaha. Anything to say looks dont matter am I right roastie?
There is so much misinformation being spread by the shitflinging apes... they are too far gone to be educated. Guess no matter how much love and kindness I have in my heart, its useless to try and help those who refuses to be help and prefer to demand things to be handed to them
Vagina ape folds because it cant make any actual rational argument but instead relies on shaming, gaslighting and retarded JUST BELIEVE IN YOURSELF unproven horseshit
How expected
 our brains have a strong sense of justice
No only autistic brains have a strong sense of justice
Thanks I'm archiving my goals and I'm pretty haply! And i wish the same for you don't get hung up on these people you see how they act no wonder they will be alone for ever
Most men do not care about Chad until we notice Chad gets away with anything towards foids, it doesnt make us hate Chad it makes us hate foids because they lie about looks not mattering yet ruthlessly abuse and treat non Chads like garbage including all non virgin Chads who should be getting treated decently by women because THEY JUST BEINGED THEMSELVES and yet a woman will treat a fucking Chad she just met 2 seconds ago better than HER OWN FUCKING MALE FRIENDS WHO ARE NON CHAD NON VIRGINS SHE HAS KNOWN HER ENTIRE FUCKING LIFE!
I gave tons of rational arguments, love. The men were the first one to result to insulting and shaming. I have given up trying to debate as they are ignoring any and all points and arguments I make, and instead call me the opposite of what my arguments displays. You can't pick and choose from reading only the end of the thread.
only autistic brains have a strong sense of justice
Baka
You are quite stupid any of us can post a webm from Tiktok of a Chad showing the THOUSANDS OF FUCKING DMS in all of his social media. What did Chad do to get all that ass? Nothing just be nice to look at simple as that, the mere fact this exists proves that Chadism is a fact of life and denying it is pure insanity. It doesnt matter what horseshit you pull out of your ass to insist foid monkeys like you are not looks only 2 dimensional pieces of subhuman shit because reality has shown that is not the case and HAS NEVER EVER FUCKING BEEN THE CASE EITHER.
Yeah! Im in the process of emotionally dissociating myself from any words flung rn because they do not apply to me as a person in the slightest. I am the opposite of what they demonize, but they prefer insulting because it makes them feel better about themselves. At the end of the day, I know I make sense and have no cognitive dissonance and mentally healthy view of the world and myself, so it's okay. I'm happy you've been happy anon! Archiving your goals is great!
You speak of a deformed reality that does not exist. Please visit the real world that isn't the internet
Yes ye in your head everything is the womans fault and we are not human. You are such a chad for noticing it! You people would do the same and go for hot woman if you could but you can't. But for you every woman is the same and not even human. What exactly makes you think a virgin wouldn't be disgusted by the way you act and stay with you?
You sound unhinged. Please see a therapist
150 replies
not one tits or gtfo
fuck the retarded whores and trannies ruining this board, fuck you niggers for enabling them
No, Im definitely ugly
muh internet so its not real
Social media is what socially normal people use all the time in this era retard so social media is reality keep coping though
Yes everything is your fault because you cant stop fucking lying you set up non Chads for failure by telling them IF YOU JUST BE YOURSELF WOMEN WILL LIKE AND RESPECT YOU BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH OH BTW THAT GUY I HA SEX WITH I JUST MET HIM 1 HOUR AGO DIDNT EVEN KNOW HIS NAME WHAT DO YOU MEAN THAT CONTRADICTS WHAT I JUST TOLD SHUT UP YOU VIRGIN LOSER!
hot woman
Oh my god is this your argument? Hot women get better treatment? Oh fucking shit someone needs to post the pig woman inbox on Okcupid.Btw men notice the subhuman roastie just admitted IT THINKS CHADS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE TREATED THAN NON CHADS.
Because this thread was a civilized open discussion that was going extremely well and politely until, near the end, the existence of a boyfriend was revealed (despite the girl never hinting looking for a man here or anything) and jealousy made the worse specimens turn into shit-flinging apes. They probably were too one track minded in their delusional speeches to remember that this is 4chan and that tits and timestamps needs to be demanded
Please visit another member of my vagina tribe that will gaslight you, shame you, and make you take meds to agree to my malicious narrative you fucking incel loser fuck you non Chad scum I hate you die die die die die!
MY BF IS SO SEXY HE IS MAKING THE INCELS SO JEALOUS THATS HOW I KNOW I MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE
Keep it up subhuman foid I can see through what your posting and you really are saying you fucking animal
You think people are honest on social media and that it is an accurate representation of reality? Wow you really lack critical thinking.
Of course they are especially when its their face too, they are honest about how much they socially flex on others thats what stupid bitch.
Why does Chad have so many DMS foid? While the non Chad doesnt? There is no way a guy as narcissistic as TikTok Chad would go out of his way to fucking hit on 1000s of bitches no these bitches LOOKED HIM UP AND FUCKING INVADED HIS DMS because hes just so fucking fine omg. Nothing close to a non Chad ever unless they are very famous. Btw what I just described is something that happens to the "femcels" on their discords.
Its really funny how I harbored no hatred and you assume I want you to die, when that's not the case. Anyway, this has gone on for too long. Read the thread from the begining again if you want enlightenment, or don't but don't complain about your situation. You are not going to be succesful if you refuse to help yourself. You Will Never Be Happy
THATS RIGHT LOSER YOU SUCK YOU SHOULD JUST DIE I DONT LIKE YOU I LIKE MY BF HOW DARE YOU NOT DO WHAT I SAY YOU FUCKING INCEL PIECE OF SHIT
Mmmhmmm keep it coming show your true nature to these stupid simps who sided with you
Every time I get into that shit it's the exact same thing, the monkeys always keep paying attention to the same type of bait. I really hate this board.
I ask you again. What exactly makes you think a virgin girl would stay with you? Every girl would run away as soon as they know how you act
160 replies 27 ips
The entire thread is literally just 1 or 2 tranny's samefagging eachother off. Stop feeding it (You)s.
Take this garbage to:
>/lgbt/
>/trash/
>/r/eddit
Fucking faggot cocksocker tranny spammer
Nothing because Im not Chad the only thing any woman wants, girls find aggressive behavior in Chad to be "manly teehe"
HOWLY (ORIGINAL) BASED
How do you see how many ips are in the thread?
Where were all these virgin girls when i wasn't resentful of women 100 rejections ago?
when does the heart stop longing for a miracle, bros?
