Does a woman have any right to post this? She really doesnt see the irony?
non-ant version, mb
So you know she's unemployed? I don't get it, especially since you're likely the NEET here.
calls it "muh fur baby"
would still go golddigger on the doggy if she could only find a way to
Clearly time for a onlyfans exclusively for k9 sluts
doesnt matter if she is or isnt employed, if she has a job its just for fun, women dont need jobs, theres no real threat/stress. i can make-believe too and dress up as a businessman in my bedroom but nobody is going to be like wow he sure has things to be stressed about hes got that huge fake meeting coming up. and i have a job because i need one to survive because im a man
She really doesnt see the irony?
And neither do a lot of people, there is a lack of consciousness. A lot of people with pets shouldn't have them, my neighbor took off on vacation and left their dog at home with just someone who comes in to feed them and leaves them all alone in the house. you can hear the dog just barking all day since it can't stand being alone. feels bad
doesnt matter if she is or isnt employed
Cope. Sounds like you're a "man" who hasn't contributed anything to society, seething at a woman who has a job, unlike you.
its weird to engage with someone by arbitrarily denying the information about themselves theyve provided. Theres no room to proceed in the conversation because youve created a fantasy instead of engaging with what I said. Hope you get the help you need.
contributing to society
What a nice code for tax cattle
lying on the internet
I find it hard to believe that a man with a job would have enough time to waste to be able to complain about women he doesn't personally know being leeches, despite them having jobs. If that is true though, hope you get the help you need.
Im not complaining about women being leeches, Im complaining about women being unaware that they have stress-free lives. I actually dont mind that women have stress-free lives, that is the natural order of things in my opinion. Im just disappointed that they dont admit it. It would be nice for men to get the credit they deserve for bearing the weight of society instead of being culturally vilified.
if a le funny social media post about a girl's dog being a leech makes you that angry, consider not using social media for your own health.
How did you get this screencap?
by pressing two buttons on my phone simultaneously
its bizarre that you make up an arbitrary anger level to support your worldview when I havent disclosed or displayed any amount of anger. more fantasy
by pressing two buttons on my phone simultaneously
So you use TikTok?
yes
captcha SYTJPK
can you come back? I was enjoying mogging you
