make fake tinder profile
tell girls i'm a robber and looking to recruit a girl for my next job
tell the girl she has to go to a bar, and that I will give her a special pill, she has to put it in a guys drink and tell him to take her home, the guy will pass out, she will open the door for me and we will loot his apartment of electronics and valuables, she will get 35%
nearly all the girls said yes
its a foolproof method because the guy will be married, so he wont report the details to the police, he will lie and obstruct the investigation to protect himself
I can't believe this.
nearly all the girls were OK with joining a criminal enterprise.
what the fuck?
he didn't know women were evil
Don't tell people ways to exploit the system, you create messes with unknown consequences.
Delete your thread.
For Chad they're ready to kill to prove their loyalty to him.
For incel his profile gets rejected before he even gets a word in.
Personality is key.
Be confident.
Post proof or you are just larping
i literally had this idea except im a girl and mine is a little different. my plan was to pose as underage on dating apps and drug pedos drinks before we head to their car. they pass out in the car and i steal the cash from their wallet and blackmail them if they try to go the police. id have to be careful tho and bring people as backup to watch over me from the shadows. i just need more confidence to do this
tell the girl she has to go to a bar, and that I will give her a special pill, she has to put it in a guys drink and tell him to take her home, the guy will pass out, she will open the door for me and we will loot his apartment of electronics and valuables, she will get 35%
nearly all the girls said yes
This is a classic modus operandi in low trust societies. As always, women ruing everything for everyone
t. thirdie
OP is just a coombrain faggot rping his fantasies on an incel board, trying to convince idiots that women are actually like this
I hope you try this and end up getting beaten and violently raped
kinda sad that woman are like this but also thx for giving me an idea for what to do in my free time.
