If you're young and have a reasonably active social life, I would recommend that you get out, socialize, date women, and ultimately get married. I'm in my 30s now and I'm suffering a lot of disadvantages from not being married, including:
Struggling to buy a home
I have $110k saved which isn't too bad but the problem is it's just me. Me + a wife on par with me financially could easily afford a proper house, best case scenario for me is a $250k shitbox condo.
Substance abuse issues
They say that marriage increases men's life expectancy and I have an inkling as to why that is. I've had a lot of problems with booze and hard drugs over the years, but my married friends haven't had them, probably because their wives wouldn't tolerate it.
Lack of social opportunities
When you get to my age a lot of social opportunities revolve around married couples doing things together and when you're single you start to feel really excluded.
Inb4 "you're just a foid trying to trick me into getting divorce raped."
Not a woman: https://voca.ro/1aBn8dEc96Mf
get out, socialize, date women
Not exactly possible when you have no social circle
OH YEA JUST GET FUCKING MARRIED, OH YEA I'LL GET RIGHT ON THAT CHEERS, THANKS, THANKS SO MUCH GREAT ONE WELL DONE, YOU'RE A FUCKING GENIUS.
Fuck how have I fallen for this obvious terrible bait thread, you got me you fucking mong, you fucking got me but I guess as much of a shithead as you are I'm worse because I'm still, as I type this, still falling for this. Fucking hell
Not everyone here is a hardcore turbocel, this thread is aimed at the MGTOW posters moreso than the confirmed INCELS.
Me + a wife on par with me financially could easily afford a proper house
Women are financially irresponsible, women do not save up as much money as men.
I've had a lot of problems with booze and hard drugs over the years, but my married friends haven't had them, probably because their wives wouldn't tolerate it.
I am not a drug addict faggot like you so I don't need a woman to babysit me.
Marriage is more pain than its worth unless it is the right person.
the right person.
Well yeah I'm not telling you to unironically marry the wrong person. Financially responsible women exist, my brother's wife has a fuckload of savings.
This is good advice. Young bots should listen to this. When I was really young, I hoped to find "the one" by 20 and get married early. I never felt comfortable chatting women up. Didn't like the performing aspect of it and generally just wanted to be settled and done with dating bullshit. This was before I even experienced the dating bullshit. Now things have got worse and I'm jaded. I don't think I even want a relationship anymore. All I do is try to look my best (body and face) and do the best for myself in terms of satisfaction and career. Inevitably people start asking questions about why I'm single when they see a tall, well-groomed man. I don't care. I don't have feelings anymore. I'm mechanical. I'm a robot
When you get to my age a lot of social opportunities revolve around married couples doing things together and when you're single you start to feel really excluded
Also this really used to hit deep, combined with everyone mocking you for being single
Person who makes poor, risky decisions encourages others to make poor, risky decisions
kek
