I feel terribly inferior sexually, physically, culturally and charismatically to black men. They seem almost superhuman in comparison to us whites. Almost every black I've met has had a deep, masculine, commanding voice. He has been extremely confident and outgoing. He has been athletic and intimidating (without even trying to be). He has commanded the looks and attention of every white girl in his vicinity. 
Sometimes I'll observe a complete change in a white girl's demeanor when a black man approaches us. She will go from friendly, even slightly flirty, to mocking me and belittling me and blanking me. 
I don't understand it. Explain to me why this is.
im glad that atleast im not you OP
Are we a doomed race?
One time I saw a black guy shoot his BBC out of his groin like a rocket into a white girl's head and then she immediately exploded into a bunch of multiracial babies. I immediately bought a chastity cage and downloaded grindr and have been getting my asshole blown out by superior thick veiny BBC's ever since
God that's such a kino story. I have a chastity cage myself. Almost every white guy I know does. I've heard some white girls say they won't even consider dating a white guy unless he's caged.
I feel terribly inferior sexually, physically, culturally and charismatically to black men. They seem almost superhuman in comparison to us whites. Almost every black I've met has had a deep, masculine, commanding voice. He has been extremely confident and outgoing. He has been athletic and intimidating (without even trying to be). He has commanded the looks and attention of every white girl in his vicinity. 
Sometimes I'll observe a complete change in a white girl's demeanor when a black man approaches us. She will go from friendly, even slightly flirty, to mocking me and belittling me and blanking me. 
I don't underst-ACK
pic 
Yeah because that's totally not just a white dude pretending to be an Asian who accidentally posted himself.
yeah and these threads are totally not racebait shits, along with all the cuck threads and bbc threads
god fucking kill yourself already
GOD l FUCKlNG LOVE RACEBAITING
If you think this is racebait as opposed to simply the New Normal then I strongly suggest you touch grass.
"do you hear that amy?
someone's talking about us."
Yeah because that's totally not just a white dude pretending to be an Asian who accidentally posted hims-ACK
