I invent words at a rate of about 6-12 per year just because I know that it's etymologically the right way to say something to someone but it just isn't in the dictionary. It's usually just the difference between an adjective that ends in "-ate" or "-ist" or "-ic" and converting to an "-ily" or "-ly" or "-ous" adverb but I can feel how it's exactly what I'm looking for
I know I sound like the biggest pseud ever but I swear
"Ephemeristically" might be a good example. "It ephemeristically gave me the impression". Not even like super high IQ galaxy brain shit just like a particular lilt or inflection on how you want to say something that autocorrect is like "wait, what?"
That's fine. Language is determined by the people who speak it; not the lords of the english language at oxford or whatever
Shut the fuck up you gigapseud. See, I just invented a word too.
Would the base word here be Ephemeral? Your word is stupid, as was your example.
It's funnier that he murdered an actual adverb.
Ephemeralistically? I think there's a slightly different meaning communicated between that and "ephemerally". I mean it's like the nature of this kind of shit, I'm not just trying to show off for random retards on the internet, it just occurs to me with some frequency that I'll encounter a thing that comes out of my head that's like
Maybe it does, but there's already a better, shorter, more established, less clunky sounding word. English is being butchered enough without your interference, anon. Please, stop.
I want to invent a word at some point and see how much it catches on. And I dont mean something like inventing a compound word where someone else could naturally understand the idea, I mean coming up with something like "huarch" to mean retard, start saying it, and see if I can trick a bunch of people into following along.
That I could see being what I'm doing in my head, lazily taking the root and just crudely ad hoc adapting it to what I'm trying to say, failing to recognize that someone has thought of it before and developed a more compact form of it
As far as I know, I invented to the term "Schrodinger's Faggotry". It's when you are getting your dick sucked but you haven't looked down to see if it's a man or a woman, so in that moment you are both gay and straight, until you look and collapse the waveform.
But even if you looked down and saw a man, it still wouldn't be as gay as you, OP.
artistic -> artistically
I'd say you formed the adverb in an unconventional manner, but I think it's just outright wrong, rather than simply weird. It follows no known conventions that I can think of, and seems to be just random.
statistic -> statistically
I'd say you formed the adverb in an unconventional manner, but I think it's just outright wrong, rather than simply weird. It follows no known conventions that I can think of, and seems to be just random.
realistic -> realistically
I'd say you formed the adverb in an unconventional manner, but I think it's just outright wrong, rather than simply weird. It follows no known conventions that I can think of, and seems to be just random.
ephemeral -> ephemeralistically?
I'd say you formed the adverb in an unconventional manner, but I think it's just outright wrong, rather than simply weird. It follows no known conventions that I can think of, and seems to be just random.
This is essentially what you are doing, and why it sounds so utterly retarded.
I know what you mean, and I know it sounds fucking retarded, god fuck I wish I could think of a better example...I swear I'm not just pseuding out. I also know a couple different languages and have noticed that my intuition about how to articulate things both in terms of grammar and vocabulary has shifted over the course of learning them, maybe that's contributing to it
I believe you, anon, but where appropriate I think you should seek to correct yourself instead of "inventing" new words. Otherwise we end up with Ebonics.
OKAY, actually, thinking in that thoughtspace of ideas, "cognito-emotionally"
I haven't seen a pseud crumble so hard since the last time anon asked Trannky kun two follow up questions.
I know I've had this idea 
blow me
more than once, searched all three of
on google no results
Which could also just mean I've never posted it or else it would have shown up on 4plebs or 4chanarchive or deusarchive...FUCK
But that would also mean that nobody else has ever thought of it... Idk I'm going to bed feel free to call me a pseud
I do that for the funny sometimes, with words such as /pol/troon and awwtism. I checked on the archives though and apparently people already invented these before I ever thought of them, so that's disappointing.
