https://twitter.com/dsrajpurohit291/status/1648190896532492288
Why are you so obsessed with internet pornography?
How is this internet pronography?
incels get shat on but currycels are on a whole other level
To be fair, she kind of had it coming. Why would you ever travel alone as a woman in india?
Based. Indian bros keeping women in check. Making women uncomfortable in public is beautiful and I'm glad Indian guys are willing to do it. 
Womens comfort is not my problem, if they want my assistance or concern they have to offer me up pussy how I want when I want it first. 
Simple as.
She deserved this for walking around alone. Women deserve death and destruction for not having sex with me!
shutup glowie retard turdwhore we know you're a subversive
Knowing Asian women, if she hadn't been filming this she would almost certainly have started touchiing his penis after he exposed it to her and then likely went on to suck it until he came in her mouth.
chad doesnt have to harass girls he just has to talk to them like normal people you disgusting incel freak
I know I would and Im not Asian, just horny 24/7
To which race do you belong then, femanon?
Im slavic
UnironicalIy misogyny.
Indians have a rich history of raping women. In the holy texts you can read about the rightness of beating and raping women.
What is it about cock that makes you this way? Is it just darker cock or would a white man showing you his penis like this make you desire it in your mouth and holes?
if that was a skinny white dude she would blush and immediately start sucking him
You can read about this in holy texts the world over. Simps are a recent thing.
Any guy would do (aside from blacks lol ew)
Is this some kind of reverse psychology or something? You say the opposite of the reality which is that only black dick would make you go this crazy? Every Slavic girl I have ever spoken to has been a turboslut for black cock.
Are White guys lowkey cucks for Black men? Its so weird they talk like this
Alright you're clearly not female. Nevermind.
im NTA
so answer why do White men always talk like this?
Are you a lowkey cuck for Black men?
I see it all the time on 4chan.
Normies worships Black culture.
4chan users lowkey worship Black cocks.
Always saying their women are dating Black men when all stats say otherwise?
Do u enjoy BBC? whats the deal with this.
Kek this >>73014669 wasnt me, but hes right, most of my friends and I dont care for black guys, never have
I had 3 different incidents growing up as a kid, with a guy jerking off in front of me in the street, each time if was always a fat white guy
I always assumed posts like that anons, were made by coping niggers but I guess you never know.
Chances are that guy isn't White.
Yeah, white creeps are always given a pass. Women seethe about Indian male sexuality because they find them physically unattractive.
placing bets on that azn girl went home to blow some white guy she met off the street
