why is everyone so distant on 4chan, i just wanna have friends
go on soc
find friends 
??
go on soc
find coomers, trannies, schizos, pedophiles, serial killers
???
Haha thats a good one anon.
I would like to be your friend but you will probably regret it or ghost me. I have never denied any FR from anyone except obvious cunts like findommers.
This
I'm scared of people and thus unwilling to be an active participant in friendships, the only friendships that I've been able to keep up with are ones with highly extroverted people who went out of their way to interact with me. I assume the same could be said about a fair number of people on here.
why would i regret it?
/soc/ was created for the weirdos who inhabit this site to meet up
4chan used to have a loli board and don't forget the old mascot
why is everyone so distant on 4chan, i just wanna have friends
I'll gladly talk to anyone on 4chan who replies but im not accepting FR, im very antisocial and I don't really trust anyone
I wouldn't mind to have friends from here as long as they are not deranged coomers.
Ariel, lion-faced power#1015 im not a coomer
why would i regret it?
Because you are most likely associated with some far right ideology considering this place and wouldnt like to be friends with a brown guy. I am also uninteresting as fuck and can't even play videos games with you if that's your thing. I didn't mean "regret" as in I would do something horrible to make you regret it but you will feel your time got waste and not ghost me at best and keep me around as a dead weight out of pity. Thats the thing that keeps happening.
im not a nazi im a center left democrat
You're a whore.
/soc/ regulars are almost always actual tourists who know nothing of imageboard culture, conversationally starfish the moment they know you're not a woman and frequently link their normalfag social media accounts like kik. I wish anyone was a weirdo or even tolerant of weirdos, some retard whined at me for being "neurotic as fuck" because I didn't want to immediately go to the bar and drink with him within 8 hours of first contact. No, the self-diagnosed children in the mental illness threads are not half as quirky as they like to think.
no im a male originally
Ok I have not given a good account of myself and you are probably not interested anymore but just in case you are then what's your tag?
me too op. i look on soc but all i find are just as you described. i have pretty much given up on having a connection with anybody irl or online.
some day there will be a search and rescue
"why is everyone so distant?"
add person from r9k
Ghosted within 1-7 days every time
???
I understand e-friends are a bit of a meme, but you faggots put in zero effort to bond with others. That's why you don't have friends (just like me).
i search 4 friends and they rescue me (from boredom)
nigger faggot jew cuck cunt BITCH nigger
do you want to be friends anon
what do you like doing
yeah
i like anime like Toilet-Bound Hanako-kun and programming i study compsci
/soc/ regulars are almost always actual tourists who know nothing of imageboard culture
This is true and I'm really confused why. Who is shilling this website to them?
the name of that anime is kinda weird, never watched it. what is it about?
also i like programming too but i dont study compsci
how old are you anon
Yeah it's kind of an eternal struggle to make friends for me because desu I don't really give a shit about anonymity, but I've been on this hellsite for at least a decade now and its culture is too ingrained in my personality to really hang out with people outside of it. Soc is fucking awful though because like another anon said the population there is not reflective of any board other than soc
occultism and toilets
im 21
do you have discord
drop it and ill add you later, im kinda busy rn
Ariel, lion-faced power#1015
go to /s4s/ or any of the hobby boards, you will get schizophrenic friends there
why is everyone so distant on 4chan, i just wanna have friends
Verification not required.
