Enough is enough. Fembots explain right fucking now how being catcalled and hit on whenever you go outside is a bad thing when there's incels like me who are so lonely because they never get any attention ever
Nice trips. 
I wouldnt know even tho Im a girl myself bc Im fat and ugly lol. I think the only girls who complain about it are Stacies that just feel insulted that a lowlife thinks he can interact let alone have any opinion on them kek
Women don't get catcalled or hit on in public spaces.
we're not complaining about being hit on when it's appropriate but when it's dark outside and you're just trying to get home in an empty street it's just scary.
also being catcalled and being hit on are two different things. being hit on is at worst sorta annoying if the guy is acting douchy but they're just trying to get with you so it's sorta flattering.
but guys that catcall random girls on the street do it to anyone and they do it to bother you like i've seen old ass ladies get catcalled and its gross
Oh no poor you, a stranger just made a random irrelevant comment that youre gonna forget in 5 minutes, what a gross humiliating threat
some girl in school said I had a perky ass.
I was very happy. Why are femoids so affected by this when it's on their end? Fucking Females...
I'm not a fembot, but I saw one of my GFs get catcalled. These are not serious, flattering propositions being made by kind gentlemen, it's a form of bullying, it's like when you're walking on the street and dudes yell insults at you from passing cars.
I got the butt compliments/butt slapping thing, I mainly just found it really embarrassing.
Because women cant do any actual harm to you. With men you never know.
idk. hows your day going OP? what happened to push you to make this thread?
OP, imagine a 300 pound negroid gentleman yelling that you have a nice ass and he wants to see your cock and balls.
Would you enjoy the black male's attention?
Catcalling isnt real. It just doesnt happen, ever. Women made it up to flex on other women
