do it be like dat?
It do be like that m8
The power of the white roastie is amazing isnt it, entire subraces like Anglos will come extinct because of this human cancer
People are always desperate to blame someone else, why not take some responsibility for once?
You say that like its a bad thing.
Even though I am white and not a white extinctionist fan, I do think its interesting as the anon above pointed out how entire subraces have historically gone extinct. There used to be so many blonde blue eyed indo european tribes scattered across the earth from Turkey to northern China, but almost all of them are extinct now, lost in a SEA of brown and Asian genes.
White Anglo men with have dry limp penises while white Anglo women who voted for this will be breeding with superior immigrant men. Hypergamy never sleeps. They want dominant men
I know that I didn't vote to take in the migrants.
Left or right wing. They all take in immigrants.
Somebody needs to pump up the boomer's house prices
Weak people are replaced by stronger people. That's how nature has always worked.
Maybe they should have had more children and be stronger defending their borders. That's what they get for being weak.
Blame the "greatest" generation, all the boomers did was put the final nail in the coffin.
Niggers are fucking retarded. Enjoy your superiority
Who is going to pay for Black people's welfare checks when White people are gone?
Because they reproduce with no fear, they know the govt will take care of them and their children.
White people do not get handouts, either from the government or from boomers, who are so desperate to hoard their wealth that they are dooming their people
What did you do to stop the people who did?
Yeah...it's been like this for years now.
It's mostly brown people.
Nothing because we're all past the point where you can do anything. The time to stop all this was way back in the 60s. Give me a time machine and I'll go do something.
So cope is the plan ?
I used my right to free speech to advocate against voting for the politicians who pushed for making immigration even easier than it already is.
How is that a cope? It's literally the exact opposite of coping.
I hope that one day soon people will stop pretending like people are your friends just because they're white. other white people have treated me worse.
This. White individuals should be celebrating because they'll no longer have to pay for plane tickets if they want to geomaxx. LatAm and South Asia are right outside their door.
The actual fuck kind of logic is that?
This. It's not like you're an absolute monarch or dictator who went out of their way to make those decisions. Using personal responsibility to guilt trip doesn't work in a democracy.
Whites are who are retarded that allow the destruction of their race and even love it.
Hard to have any sympathy for europoors here
It do m8
Yeah, millions of men too voted for the labour and the tories.
It might make sense to only blame the politicians, but not the women without the men.
White women breeding in their 30s is the cause of the inverted pyramid, because of white women more dies than are born every single fucking year since 2010 meaning whites are objectively slowly going extinct
It's almost like White genocide is real....
no one wants to live in crowded dirty cities except those that dont have a choice 
the headline might as well read white britons are a minority of mcdonalds workers
Racism aside, is this not ultimate proof that Western society is the greatest? Everyone wants to come here.
Retard this is Europe not Americuck those cities are ancient landmarks to our racial group it is a tragedy that modern eurocucks are adopting this american white flight mentality.
Whites have the largest poor population in the US yet everytime you see some left wing piece of shit talk about helping the poor they are always talking about the hyper privileged nigger city slickers not the many impoverished white communities that were poor since 200 years ago meaning they have true poverty that cant be handwaved as LMAO THEY HAVE LE WHITE PRIVILEGE HURR DURR
That's because whites are still the largest population, therefore they'll obviously be represented in a higher percentage. You're being dishonest by not factoring in person capital per race.
If you're worried about blacks taking over before global warming kills us all, you are in fact a nigger. I'm going to astrally project myself into your penis and make you ejaculate every time you think about your dad. and make you ejaculate every time you think about your dad.
No. Whites are still the largest single ethnic group, they only say they're a majority because they have to put all the brown people in one category (because honestly what's the difference anyway). The second largest ethnic group is gooks at about 10%. This goes to show how little Murdoch media actually cares about diversity, and how it's just a game of respectively reducing the ratio of natives to immigrants.
walk through the bad part of town at night and see how well youre treated. now realize the bad part of town will spread.
Whites are dying off since 2010 more whites die than are born in most white countries meaning the population is literally shrinking every single year. We can all think about the 60 million white children white roasties have aborted since abortion was legalized though aint roasties just the best?
Might as well add a patriot act sticker.
not per capita
Life is just full of ironies
Not remotely comparable Injuns were hunter gatherers not a collection of nations with huge populations
UK is officially the most cucked nation on Earth.
Eurocucks do not realize the only way to gain relevance is voring their continent instead of being bitch ass cowards who bullied brown people on other continents. The Anglo cucks would have relevance if they had tried to conquer Europe but they didnt because they were weak little cowards who would be nothing without the New World existing today.
No the EU is created by jews to completely destroy Europe thats why the EU number one priority is flooding every single one of it members with rapefugees
what did the average white briton ever do to the injuns? also, america gave the natives reservations and welfare.
