have sex one in my entire life (rape)
get pregnant 
There is no justice in this world
Altering classic wojak to anything other than a goofy joke image was a mistake.
kek what a gaped and raped bitch
*sai* dis tred agen.
get over it nigger
I'm sorry nona :/
:(
Thanke
life is hell, isn't it?
Yes it is. Id kms if I didn't know that sends you to actual hell...
explain why it totally wasn't your fault
protip you can't
Your two options
abort and wash your hands of the whole affair
carry it to term and raise a dysfunctional misfit without a father
lemme guess, you're gonna option B?
Did you abort the babe or are you keeping it?
It's my fault for letting him in my apartment and it's my fault for keeping my gun un the nightstand instead of on my belt.
Why would I murder my child? I would never do that, not in a million years. I'll find a way to make it work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROSUWwD62zs [Embed]
Technically you didn't say anything positive about yourself, so its possible that you are actually a terrible person and that is justice. Can't you take the morning after pill if you get raped??? It seems like something that should be standard practice.
exactly. have fun raising your rapebaby, no man will ever ever want you now.
i'm relieved, no matter how shit my life is, it truly could be even worse. I could be you.
rapists should know by now that sex is only for chad. they aren't suppose to be having sex like chad is.
then why make a thread and bitch about it then
sucks about the whole rape part, but you're choosing your lot in life by keeping that kid, and now you're fucked for the rest of your life
i think its because average guys don't need sex like chad does
letting him into my apartment
i bet it was a boyfriend or a date and you didn't tell them no. i also don't have the privilege of being desirable enough to rape.
Bless you anon. Your good works won't go without reward. Also
orthodoxy > catholicism > pr*testantism
Anon, I dunno if this is a larp or not, but on the off chance it's real, I think what you're doing is very brave. I wish I had advice for you and your child, because it'll definitely be hard, but I don't. Good luck, though.
you cant even prove to me that you're not an NPC, but you're going to try to claim there are really 8 billion people on the planet?
Just put it up for adoption???
Uh I think you replied to the wrong guy
NPC reaction, you are all stimulation based lifeforms and are easy to control. get back to work.
He was a date but I did say no. And I fought back. It didn't change anything.
I believe it will only reset me and force me to continue living the same life
There is no justice in this world ma'am. The world is run by Satan and us. The only good option is to believe in Jesus. If you have faith in god you die the first death here on earth.
But, you don't have to die the second death in the afterlife in hell. You do this by having a relationship with Jesus. Talk to him, pray to him, ask him how you are supposed to do it all.
this thread again ?
you're really desperate for attention
quit spamming with your fetish it's boring and very low tier bait you attention whore
should've dated a shy awkward robot from r9k instead of abusechad
you people never learn
I'm sorry anon. I hope you can heal.
Just marry the man that raped you. Fixed
I don't get why people make such a deal out of being sexually assaulted. I was and it didn't affect me at all and I don't have the urge to fish for attention on anon forums. Get a life, be grateful that you had any sex
It's a real dilemma. Kill your baby and carry regret around for the rest of your life or have the baby and raise it without a father figure and make dating difficult for you. If I were a woman and this happened to me, I would probably chose the later, but it would be difficult. At least you would have a child, however unfavourable the conditions are
If it is going to be a boy, he will likely become messed up with no father figure. It is really important for young boys
I don't get why people make such a deal out of being sexually assaulted. I was and it didn't affect me at all and I don't have the urge to fish for attention on anon forums. Get a life, be grateful that you had any sex
If you are grateful you were raped, it's hardly rape at all then is it?
How about a big aids ridden nigger rapes your ass and makes you shit yourself for the rest of your life? I wonder if you would be even more grateful
Your fault for getting raped sweatie.
theres nothing more women want then keeping rapebabies
Islam is right.
I wouldn't haven't happened if you had only went out in public escorted by your Father, Brother, or Husband.
b-but I don't want to do that! muh freedumbs!
then you choose to be raped
The kind of single mother I would actually want.
