How do I learn to enjoy a life where I'm not good at anything? All I care about is being good at something. It's the lynchpin of how I conceive identity. This makes me too scared of doing anything "expressive" whatever it may be, because I have no idea what it is. It's a shame to be an oblivious retard, so I comfort myself from the inevitable disappointment of remembering that I'm an oblivious retard by keeping in a constant state of acknowledgement of my oblivious retardation. So if I don't sincerely believe I'm going to be the best ever in the world to do it, I don't bother. This is silly because being "the best" doesn't necessarily make me happy, but in a way, I don't care. I fantasize about coming out of nowhere and being the next big underdog, easily sweeping the competition and winning unanimous praise, then immediately killing myself, like, I accomplished my goal, so there's nothing left to do, and better to become a legend. Kurt Cobain style. That's it. I just exist in the idea of others, but nobody will ever care about me, so those fantasies are senseless, but I still have them. Being worshipped for a skill or talent feels so much easier than connecting with human beings, but I don't want to connect with people. Connection makes me feel immeasurable shame about my own existential ineptitude. I'm deathly afraid of criticism, conflict, inferiority, etc.
cool, you're not special and especially not on this board
How do you define personality?
This fantasy of being the big underdog and then tragically dying has been a daydream for the past 9 years, since I was 13 years old.
I don't feel like I can have a life well lived in this body. Failure creeps around every corner and squashes all sense of accomplishment if I at last do get one of those little carrots in front of me. I think
I want somebody to tell me I'm Not Special over and over again. Do all people secretly think they're special or is it just me? But that's really why I'm shouting into the r9k void in the first place. I know there can be a fulfilling life in knowing nothing you will ever do will ever amount to anything. No accomplishment really matters in the grand scheme of things, but I still crave them over and over forever, attaining a mythical status through mythical deeds.
I don't know I just want to feel comfortable without immediately sensing imminent shame, failure, disappointment, etc. When something good happens I think about how soon I won't be able to get it again so I don't feel humiliated about being happy about it in the first place.
you do have an identity anon. you're a narcissist, just like me. and nobody can take that away from you.
Lmfao rope you whining faggot
imagine being this neurotic. must be hell on earth
go with the rope
This. Jesus was that cringe to read felt like a reddit pasta
I can usually get through the day pretty well. Housebound 24/7 days of the week, self-studying and taking a few for-credit online college classes. Just keep gettin' A+'s, keep gettin' A+'s... then it hits me. I need to do other things with my life. That's why they say do what comes naturally to you. Otherwise you're cooped up in your room obsessing over something that everybody else implicitly understands on top of having a social life, hobbies, projects in free-time, cultural capital... Then I need to pick something but I want to be good at EVERYTHING but the fun of getting good at something is growing and part of that might be not knowing that you're getting better. An artificial adventure ain't no fun at all. But I still can't accept that so I'm in stasis, as classes become harder and my skills reach their peaks. In middle school I didn't have much going for me so I made grades my personality, or the little carrots that indicate success in an environment. So I guess that's what personality is, the best way to succeed in the environment you've built for yourself. But then it doesn't mean anything at all and still comes down to little carrots to succeed, only with added delusion. Everyone else keeps growing, and I keep looking at them because that's what matters. I can't feel like I have a right to show my face to the public unless I have something outside myself to present, whatever myself is, but I need a bunch of hobbies and knowledge and social/intellectual mastery to carve out my little corner of the social circle like it's a primordial forest full of predators I have to shelter myself from. I just get dumber and dumber and dumber and the hole gets bigger as everyone else lives while I'm a KHHV with the attitude of a nine year old Asian girl whose parents beat her into making flashcards to get A prusses in crass. Again that example is making myself out to be a victim but I'm not!
Schocking. Riveting tale.
I've been on this site since I was 13 years old if it means anything. When I was six years old I got my first erection imagining my female classmate in a swimsuit. I didn't understand what was going on. I hate my writing style so many repetitive subjects and conjunctions and conjunctions and conjunctions and conjunctions. I remember being the last first-grader in the class to understand long subtraction, and the only one who couldn't complete the valentine's day art project because I had trouble with the intricate folding.
Also I've slowly distanced myself from all my friendships, which were really friendships in name only by that point, with childhood nostalgia extending a line of credit that afforded them the occasional phone-call or summer hangout for good old times. The problem was that I felt guilty because I would send outbursts like this to them for hours at a time. They endured if but they shouldn't have. Maybe I wanted them to balk so I'd feel like a victim, or that the world was against me in some way, because I can't take action when I'm in this stasis.
That's my problem it's always "I" "I" "I" "I" I" "My" My" My" My" with these terrible setences. There's no soul. Just self-obsession
1. leave this board
2. meds
3. therapy
4. meditation
5. intimacy
1
It's all I have
2
I refuse to take meds because they'll inhibit my latent genius which I swear I'll eventually uncover (If I'm being 100% honest I secretly believe this)
3
I tried therapy but I ran out of things to say and he started treating me like a child, talking down and belittling me
4
This is meditating
Won't happen because all I care about is being respected, fawned, loved, without having to give it in return. I want everyone to care about me in spite of not reciprocating. I want to be Perelman rejecting the Fields Medal because he didn't like the state of the mathematical community. I want to dominate.
I see what you want, but you still didn't answer.
Another problem with relationships is that I think of them as puzzles to solve. Solve the person and you're rewarded with fuzzy wuzzies and sex. The person is another goal to accomplish, dominate, extract utility out of, and move on, while of course they're still obsessed with me due to the aforementioned absolute control I took over their affection for my own ego's sake.
I answered in here 
give up on that and stop being delusional. you are a mentally ill dysgenic incel. you are the cuck of society, far from domination. 
stop using buzzwords and writing so much. stop dramatizing like a women. stop being a total faggot and go workout
I'm too busy pursuing erudition. I'm physically and socially inept so I need to be mentally adept. It's my only way. If I can be better than anyone else at just ONE THING, I'll be happy with life. As long as I'm on the lonely top with everyone gazing upwards with insatiable envy.
also bad final sentence using "with" twice
Most people are okay with just kinda getting by without any spotlight on them. Why doesn't "Winning isn't everything" resonate with you
Because I want to do something that's objectively good that's outside of myself. I don't care about how I feel about myself. I could delude myself into thinking I'm history's next Great Man while jerking off on my couch. There's no reliability in anything I think or feel about myself. All that can confirm that I have worth is the opinions of other people.
in other words, you are trying to cope with mental conceptual proliferation, kek. buddha was right, you create your own hell within your mind.
i don't know what else to say anon but atleast death will set you free one day. good luck
I want it all. If I don't like something I still want to be good at it to prove to everyone that I COULD be great, but there are more important things to do. I want to belittle my shortcomings like that.
All that can confirm that I have worth is the opinions of other people.
Other people have really good friends with tight-knit bonds, and it's not because their grades are good. What are they doing different?
Groundbreaking inventions come from individuals that do not use others as the basis for opinion. For example, in the 1900s most scientists believed malaria was caused by bacteria in the dirt. Only 2 of them thought it came from mosquitoes. It seems their own conviction and better-grounding in reason beats the opinion of others. To which end, you say how you feel about yourself doesn't matter since you could be delusional, but that just sounds to me like you've given up and don't even want to improve on yourself because that would be the association with how low you feel in the first place. Why do you think you can create anything with a lack of self-esteem?
You just used my irl irl wife as bait to read ur long ass bullshit
30 bucks for using kyoko pls
So in WHAT do you actually plan on being good? What have you practiced so far?
Be more specific you autist
They're either shameless or too senseless to know how dumb they are, how inferior every movement is, how every breath is wasted
I'll create self-esteem through sheer will. The problem that led me to making this thread is that I'm not good enough to do that.
This is it
I'm not taking the leap of faith. I'm not being "myself" because myself isn't worth being. I'm not being happy until I deserve to be happy, or die trying.
So you have done fuck all and you have no plans either? Yet all this long talk?
Holy shit get diagnosed for autism ASAP
Also, to add, having friends and "support" won't make me feel good about myself. What makes me feel good is doing good things. Being around people who are worse than me makes me feel like a fellow retard, being around people who are better than me makes me feel like a retard. Being a nothing who can do nothing with a bunch of nothings who can do nothing won't make me happy
stop making such shitty not entertaining threads ffs. easily the most useless thread on the catalog right now. we are not your diary.
go show me a single more useless thread than yours. i dare you.
shameless
Not everyone is ashamed of themselves. Why are you?
or too senseless to know how dumb they are,
This sounds to me like like an infatuation with your own conscience; you're aware of your own delusion of grandeur, yet lack the outrospection to correct evaluate the intelligence of others around you and so you end up with the conclusion of every fantasy you have, which is them being really dumb. I don't think you can evaluate hypotheticals either. If people smarter than you are friends with (supposedly) people dumber than you, how does that work? It's like flaw in your transaction-based lens of the world.
I'll create self-esteem through sheer will. 
The basis for your will is delusion of grandeur. If what fuels your will is whimsical fantasies, I don't think you'll achieve much. It seems you lack a fundamental understanding even from a simple organism, like a rodent's perspective of creativity, motivation and self-esteem.
"support" won't make me feel good about myself.
False words of encouragement don't hit well to anyone
having friends
I don't think you know what this means. 
You don't.
I'm working with the tools I have and trying to pursue what will bring me fulfillment.
Drop the romantically-themed language. I don't know what that means
I've calmed down since I originally made this thread and realized I just don't like you people. I don't want to be around people. My earliest fantasy as a child was making enough money to be far away from them in a big, spotless house all by myself.
This tells me the way you've calmed down is a tsundere's "Hmph~! I didn't want it anyways" rationalization. Makes sense to me; if you can't prove value (which you don't need to, but you've convinced yourself you need to) and can't show off to others you'd rather be alone. Which sounds like giving up, but what you wanted in the first place was retarded, so it's not so bad. 
Good luck man,
I'm struggling on the first chapter of generatingfunctionology by Herbert S. Wilf from the Penn University math department. It's only "1.4 - a three term boundary value problem" and one of the steps he takes just doesn't make sense to me and he always uses phrases like "it's obvious to note that..." and I did the Calc II chapter on sequences, series, and power series so I understand the coefficients and everything but every second that passes by I just become more and more demoralized because it's a second where a person smarter than me would've already understood it I just can't think I don't know why it's not fair I just want something that I feel like I can "sync up with" intellectually as a way of parsing out and collating the events of my life. Music, fine arts, writing, sports, anything I just want to keep going with it forever and math is abstract and certain enough that it gives me that sense of limitless yet detached platonic potential it's just not fair I don't want to be here then my mom tells me to stop whining and accept I'm "not a math person" fuck you mom you're a dumb bitch who dropped out of a poly sci degree and can't even remember the 14th amendment of the constitution and fuck you dad you dropped out of high school to sell drugs. I remember in high school I forgot about the equation for diluting acid solutions before a titration lab and I had a panic attack and the smartest kid in class somewhat earnestly said
and I excused myself to the bathroom but really just sat under the stairwell for fifteen minutes
/thread
Attention seeking loser
Unfortunately, you're simply too high stress to achieve any meaningful understanding any time soon. I'd get some ice cream and take a walk without looking on my phone for the directions, just kinda making note of different places in the area if I were you.
