Redpill me on prostitution
I used to think it was cringe, but after having unsuccessfully swallowed the self-improvementpill, I kinda see the appeal of paying for intimacy
Just jerk off and forget about it OP
Paying for intimacy never works if you aren't a mentally ill findom cuck. Sure you can buy sex and treat whores like objects without any qualms but you will feel like shit after the act if you tried to feel intimacy.
NEVER transfer money or wealth to women, including by paying for sexual services. 
Its worse than being a cuckold simp.
Just jerk off and never give anything to women. Have some dignity.
You arent paying for intimacy you psycho
You are paying to have your nuts drained and for the whore to leave.
dating is a form of cuckoldry then?
Intimacy is just my euphemism for everything sex-related you could do with a whore, dont focus on that word too much
if shes not absolutely passionately attracted to you, yes, its just prostitution. if you stop spending money on her/buying her things/gifts/meals and she withdraws from you sexually or emotionally, you are a cuckold paypig.
I hate that this describes me. We were supposed to make it bros.
it was never about effort, it was always height and face genetics.
Height alone makes up for a lot of flaws
Fuck, even just a deep voice can make someone somehow charming enough to not die alone
But we have none of that, being a robot really is a sad lottery to win, you have to hit just that exact spot where you have no redeeming quality
Thank you for your support glownigger, but it truly is over for me.
According to some anons all women are whores they just pretend not to be.
Personally I've been able to try so many things I could only dream of once I accepted girls will never like me. Kissing, french kissing eating her out, getting blowjobs, deepthroat, sucking her tits, getting my nipples sucked, 69, so many sex positions, even got a nuru massage once. Cumming on her tits, in her mouth, in her pussy.
Most people will say I'm nasty and digusting for doing all these with hookers but I dont care. I wouldnt be doing them if I had a gf but I waited too long and died of thirst in the desert.
Paying to fuck call girls will always be better than being a virgin with 'principles'. Any sex is better than no sex and it will make it slightly easier around foids, while making you largely immune to simping. Women either want to fuck you, or do not. There's no use staying in the Friend Zone. Better to be alone than used like that.
