Oh shit, I'm sorry.
I didn't splash any of that on you, did I?
So sorry.
This will have still been a complete waste of time and money :^)
And your own ineptitude is to blame
I don't really know what you're saying to me
What time? What money? And what ineptitude are you referring to?
You sit here Right? You post this thread. And it takes time of your life. Time you could have spent feeling happy outside in the spring weather, for the time being feeling blisfully distracted from all your worries and insecurities and sadgasms, watching the bees and the flowers for thefirst time in a year. It feels novel in the shadow of winter. But you choose to sit here and wallow in your heartbreak, which stems from not being good eough somehow - from ineptitudes, either socially, sexually or otherwuse. *swallows* you swallow, feeling uncomfortable in your discontent, which is reinforced by fellow losers who want you to be as miserable and frustrated as they are and dismantle all your positive thoughts as copes. It costs money, running a computer in this day and age with Joe Biden og Putin or Cityslav Beksinksky blowing North Stream 2.
Now the bees, the flowers, the happiness, the blisfull optimism you would've felt from your brain secreting mood enhancing chemicals in response to getting your heart rate up? That would've been free. But you sit here? Right? You post this thread. And it takes time of your life.
My fate is already sealed my friend, I only have a couple years left. I am content with my life and trying to make peace, so I am not sure what your point is.
You're a rare breed. I'm sorry for making assumptions about you. I'm so used to everybody here being a blackpilled retard who just wants to wallow that I assumed you were like the rest of them.
I wish you the best. I don't know your situation, but you deserve better than spending your time in this cesspit. I encourage you to seek comfier online spaces where you won't encounter shitheads like me.
No worries, I understand. Someone at work said the same thing about me yesterday, "that I have a look in my eye you don't see often" and I didn't know quite what to make of it
Thank you for apologizing.
This place has always been my home, and I haven't always been a good person, and in fact I am wallowing, just in my own way, which lately I've discovered is best portrayed in a serene, big picture kinda way.
I wish you well and you should know that you aren't a shithead if you were ready to put your heart above your pride. I think that's what makes a man, and we could all use a little more heart in this cruel world. I hope you know what I mean
I like your extremely aesthetic high pitched eyebrow
No worries, I understand. Someone at work said the same thing about me yesterday, "that I have a look in my eye you don't see often" and I didn't know quite what to make of it
I suppose facing your own mortality at an age when your peers are preoccupied with the post-adolescent excitement about the possibilities of the future grows you up a lot.
I can understand the peace you feel. While you are now cut off from the opportunity of living a full life, you are also cut off from the demands and expectations that come with a full life. In a strange way that's freeing - the everyday pursuit of happiness is all that's left now.
It's a difficult concept to explain, but all the athiest cancer patients and godless soldiers out there already know what I'm talking about. There is a freedom that comes from letting go, after you're forced to completely abandon your ego.
and I haven't always been a good person, and in fact I am wallowing, just in my own way, which lately I've discovered is best portrayed in a serene, big picture kinda way.
That makes sense. I suppose I'm guilty of that myself - posting into the void my grandiose thoughts of life and the future and the meaning of it all only to be called a malding gemmy most of the time... whatever that is.
Thank you for your kindness. I admire your will to see the best in everyone and the effort to see the positivity in it all.
Thank you for your time and I'm sorry but I can't give you a full response, I need a nap before work. Hope you have a great day
