This is how immigrant women describe German men. Why are white boys so shy and asexual?
dem whyte boys be shy and ashmexual
someone pls translate. i don't speak nazi
I'm not chad, so if I want to avoid heavy social consequences I cannot behave in an overtly sexual way.
If you aren't white, white people will be reluctant to critize you or report you to the police, meaning even below average nonwhites can hit on girls with social impunity.
Basically just said they interviewed a couple immigrant women on their views of German men, they described them as being awkward shy and seemingly asexual. Basically confirming a lot of stereotypes.
is this why german women do a lot of scat porn and other degenerate stuff?
German in his late twenties here. I always wondered about this but hoped it was just me. Still hoping this headline is just a fluke and my generation isn't actually like me. I don't wanna be the norm.
German is such an ugly retarded language, I hate it.
white boys got no rizz
t. polack
Polish is an even uglier language.
coping and seething
Why are ricecels killing themselves kek
To be fair, if your idea of a regular man is an Indian or Arab male, who aggressively flirt with anything vaguely female, you'd think anyone that did that was kind of asexual.
It says they are like the cliche not that they are explicitly asexual and shy. I can tell as a german girl born and raised here germans are closed off and come off rude yes but damn i never saw anyone as being shy or asexual.
ju vill sheizen in der poopenfarten
It's over but that's OK.
There's nothing that we can do but wait until society recovers.
NOOO YOU ARE SHY BECAUSE YOU AREN'T CONSTANTLY HARASSING WOMEN
This is what being respectful means now, huh? First we are being told to leave women alone now they complain about being left alone.
Where did you hear about that stereotype that german guys are shy and asexual? Just curious because i never heard that
Yea it's wired. People can't have it both ways when ever they want it. I mean what did they expect? I think it's pretty well known that we germans aren't the most open and inviting ones. Especially in the countryside
IMPORTANT INFO:
This article is from 2010 (13 years ago) by the way.
And still true as ever, given how faggy zoomers are. 1/4 of all German births are non white immigrants now.
Better even she talks about polish and greekt people too. Also says that german man repress there feelings and need to let them out more theres no sign of any sexual stuff in there just that guys didn't help her get a beg out of the train
Because our fucking country let's everyone and there mother in
t.
Shy and asexual.
The Baltic ones definitely changed in the past 3 years. I saw a ton of nogs and poos in Talinn.
