This will increasingly become the norm. The future is bright.
your future wife; the tiktok shitpost
this is most men's future; being a incel in your youth, and marrying some used up gutterslut
It used to, but not anymore. Women will just stay "single".
No thanks, I'd rather die a virgin.
i was an incel in my youth and am not dating a much younger girl whose virginity I took. being a younglookcel helps
Only really a thing when you're in your late 20s and early 30s. They will magically start hitting on you like you're Chad in highschool, only as a front to infiltrate your house and income (if you have this, elsewise they'll treat like before; invisiable).
Not if you're a neet, though :-)
Only really a thing when you're in your late 20s and early 30s. They will magically start hitting on you like you're Chad in highschool
lmao what
Literally nothing wrong with dating a girl with a high bodycount. This dorky nigga gets prime teen puss.
magically start hitting on you
Nah, they won't
I'm honestly fine with this, I just want a gf so badly. Especially if we connect well and I really appreciate her etc. then that's okay with me.
How can you connect with a woman who had dozens of sexual partners when you had none
No amount of sloppy toppy is worth all that baggage bro
It just doesn't put me off. Women are naturally 'the prize' to be obtained, so they're bound to have had previous partners.
Girls are only able to pretend to connect with other people (male or female) which is why AI is so good at mimicking them
Let soiciety burn. This is why I NEET NVPNW (NO VIRGIN PUSSY NO WORK)
There are still financial incentives for them to marry a beta, they just won't put out as much for him and will likely divorce him after 10 or so years
How does her having previous partners prevent you from connecting with her?
big difference is just the gap in relationship experience. she's had several boyfriends, is comfortable talking with men, knows the ins and outs of dating, and is aware that she has other options if she wants out. the beta has none of that. in terms of relationship dynamics, it's like a 30 year old dating a teenager.
Yeah but none of what you said answers my question. You can still connect with someone with more experience than you, or someone who sees dating more transactionally than you
and you connect with your pet doberman, that doesn't mean it's easy or worthwhile.
think about it in this way - what is the value of a prize that everyone easily gets? exactly, zero. its a consolation prize
What were both your ages when you met? How and where did you meet? This is my last hope, anon.
very based. he is a lucky fella
27 me, 20 her. i am still at university, she just entered.
I'm about your age and probably gonna start my master's degree next year. Can you give more dets on how to approach?
Approach 
cannot, because she approached me. I would've never had the balls to approach a girl. but she is fairly autistic/schizoid herself, which is why we connected
...well, can you ask her what made her approach you? and were you in the same class, cub, or something or she just cold approached you on campus?
If you think about it wouldn't that mean that a 17 year old slut who fucked all the chads in her school is better suited to give "informed consent" than a 30 year old incel who got denied sex and love all his life?
flexing his sloppy twenty seconds girlfriend
Amazing what globohomo did to young people's brains
she said much later it was because of my hair. so sadly, lookspill yet again. but we did have similar interests that allowed us to agree on what turned out to be dates swiftly, like art galleries and certain computer games
don't think so anon, men are realising that modern women are hoes and just using them for short term which = a majority of modern women being single or in situationships where guys won't marry / commit to them then they will become old cat ladies LOL !
My 60 year old grandma has had like three boyfriends since my grandpa died 
There is no wall
Women will never suffer 
All you can do is either cope or take power and institute the Elliot Rodger incel state where women are kept in cages
and women prefer it that way, because they dont need men. women simply dont need men for anything, they already got everything they need
you truly are disposable to them, in every conceivable facet. only literal turbo-gigachad abuse chad literal famous 1 in a billion guys she can fall in love with. the rest can be genocided and they will all smile peacefully
you think you are winning, but in fact, you dont understand how truly ruthlessly independent and cold women are
She won't connect with him is the point he's making. He will be open to interaction and connection with her, but she will be off-put by his lack of experience and by extension understanding of talking to girls, or even just being around girls.
I've let people think I was a virgin for years because it's better than being know for having fucked a bunch of dudes gfs behind their backs.
women prefer
Literally dont care what women want, seethe harder roastie
Still... same class, club, campus?
