Slick as an oil spill edition
Prevosi wafisu
Heeeeeey Goa. How are you?
I want to do something different today, what should I do?
Gimme the oil stuff.
waifu generated
doing pretty good, slowly preparing for a nice week next week
wet, moist, dripping, wet hair, wet clothes, wet skin, swear drop, sweat drops, droplets, glistening skin, beads of water, beads of sweat, drool, drooling, saliva, pussy juice, water, rain, dark liquid, black slime, goo, lubricant, (((((oil))))), wet face, wet body, melting wings, melting halo, melting, dissolving, oozing, liquefying, (((((tar))))), (((((poison))))), (((((pollution))))), trash, debris, landfill, factory, chimneys, smoke, smog, industrial, rust, decay, mechanical, pipes, sewer, waste
So Ive done a little experimenting with the differences between the models, here's my basic understanding of them and what happens by default with basic prompts 
Anything: more realistic style, sharper lines but with high detail in the shading. Brightly sunlit photos. Can produce very good nudity but is finicky about doing so compared to the others. It takes a little longer to generate too but if prompted to not produce nightmares makes very high quality waifus.
AOM3: The smuttiest by far, by default will produce sluts in lingerie partially nude. Can produce less smutty situations well too, but seems to be only able to focus on one or the other. You get detailed backgrounds or detailed waifus in most. Lighting is usually complex with light and dark parts drawing your eye. Bests the others in it's response to specifics and generating multiple waifus without major anatomy issues.
Counterfeit: The comfiest. By default prefers to produce scenery (pic related). Highly detailed with multiple recognizable objects. When prompted with just "girl" she is in beautiful clothes sitting in the highly detailed backgrounds sometimes interacting with the objects in it. Warm colors and lighting add to the "comfy" factor. Can produce ok nudity but has certain weird traits like missing assholes, best at vouyer for expressions and poses.
Sometimes Goa gets generated looking like a very adult woman even if her breast etc size does not change
itty bitty oily tittys
So cute
Must pet even if squishy
She's really dissolving.
It's getting chilly in this dumping ground for industrial waste and byproducts
Nice melting
Imagine you're on the end of the world.
Everything is dissolving. You have like 25 minutes before dying. 
And she's the last thing you see.
"Dammit there are tits! There are tits right there! The world is ending and I finally see some tits but the world is ending and I can't enjoy the tits! Tits! Fuck!"
Seems like Gorg is having fun.
Sorry for the wait, something like this?
Thing is so sacred it have 3 halos.
I wonder if the liquid is inflamable. Because the friction my thing will cause should put all in fire.
that is a well fucked woman, holes look neat but the face has gone into possible symptoms of a poisoning territory 
I want to have fun by licking the liquid off of her bellybutton like it was a little shot glass
Roadrunner seems very confused in this situation.
Roadrunner liquids
Must lick
Pretty cool colors on the wings and hair though
OK Saeriah, I won't. I would just feel bad for prompting that stuff anyway.
If she were to be genned in the oil her titties would motorfloat
No wings, but the colors are pretty neat
Still trying to gen one good enough one for tonight
Coyote colors just can't get consistent at all.
Yes, Coyote is dying.
Goa wipes her mouth after slurping on the forbidden kooladi
Night thread i gotta go to sleep now
Time to drop on the bed and turn myself off, good night everyone
Good night, Goa anon. Sleep well.
Cockpit is my new home now.
I'm off to work again. I'll leave you with this cryptic message.
Hornette will destroy the cockpit.
It says "I would like to try the Goa filthy slimy challenge, please."
That's incredible and very sexy.
This is the last one for now. 
I need to eat something. 
Also
Thanks for sharing, enjoy.
She's hackin' she's whackin' she's smackin
She just hacks, whacks, chops that meat
It's so over but the posting.
And nobody's posting but me!
mornin /awig/
fear not for I have come to join the ranks of odd hour waifuposting
I'm trying to gen someone new right now. 
But here's a Horny to not let you alone.
can anyone help me get started with prompts im new
What's your doubt? 
Enter here https://waifus.nemusona.com/, since Goa anon forgot. It has some simple instructions to get you started. 
In general, start simple. Try to get the girl you want first, later you try poses, and other stuff.
i typed some stuff in but it is difficult to control :( thank you for the websit
Use tags from Danbooru, there's a guide on the website itself under the "Prompting info" menu. As for which model to use an anon has written a summary on all 3 of them right here >>73018834
In general just start simple first eg. hair color, eye color, booba size, hair length, clothing. Once you get it down you can try adding other stuff like the setting, background, art style etc. For simplicity sake you can just leave CFG and Denoise in the center if you want to
ok tank you!
There's nothing I'm doing to change these but I keep making them. 
Based, thanks! Nice mecha cockpit and cosmic spiderweb dress.
In general, type in the things you want to see and they'll appear. If you use danbooru tags, it works a bit better. For instance, the prompts I'm using for this one are: 
(masterpiece), (best quality), ultra-detailed, ((Isuzu Hana)), ((Isuzu Hana Girls und Panzer)), (sugimoto isao style), black hair, long hair, ((ahoge)), (swept bangs), (hair between eyes), (black eyes), ((smile)), (medium breasts), (((Fallout New Vegas))), ((((cowboy outfit)))), ((((holster)))), (((ammo belt))), ((((ornate poncho)))), ((((ornate sombrero)))), ((long pants)), ((((holding futuristic gun)))), ((((desert)))), (((((Las Vegas Strip))))), (((Space Needle))), ((Bellagio Hotel Las Vegas))
I wanna feedback on this. I feel like she's lacking something yet...
Also, I'm making use of some of your prompts. Thank you
thanks! but i dont really understand the ((( stuff
It's for emphasis on what you want. Use it if some prompt start to disappear in middle of stuff. For now, just try to make the girl you want by now.
oh interesting i am making good progress thank you for the explanation
Am I crazy or does this look like the actual 9mm pistol from the game?
Go ahead and use whatever you like! If you want to make it a bit more interesting, use "dynamic pose"
What he said. So for instance, "Space Needle" and "Bellagio Hotel Las Vegas" have three brackets, so I really want them to appear. But "desert" has four so I want that to appear more.
makes sense i am having a lot of funwith this lol thank you for the prompts
Big tiddy milf
hey that's pretty good! Very cute waifu :))
Very well. The general idea is okay. Let's start genning for real beforing thinking on a backstory.
To cockpit we go
cockpit is gonna need some expansion work from all the waifus you have to fit in it
Huh... I can already see that I'll have problems with the hat.
If my cockpit survived a star and a sandstorm, it can resist anything.
From left to right: Gomorrah, Lucky 38, Ultra Lux, Tops. I did it!
np; I'm glad you're having fun!
augghghhg
It's failing to let the skirt long!
whoa these backgrounds look really nice :O what prompts are you using for them?
Unironically none. I'm just running a different model and that just throws a background when I don't specify any.
And there's it. Cockpit.
Bang, you die now
The AI is very horny, try "long skirt"
That's my strongest prompt. She just want to be too lewd.
Will I have to add a pantyhose on you too, so?
Man I can consistently get ANYTHING to fire but the gun. I got gunfire to come out of a power line lol.
lol good luck then
What name should I give to her?
Also, I totally forgot Coyote. I'll do it right now.
Tactical assault shoulder
hm, Idk. What names do you like?
I guess I'll go with Jaguar.
I'm trying to make Black Mountain but instead I got Mos Eisley lol
Not a bad name; sounds fierce
Now I'll try to combine all my prompts. Wish me luck.
She's going to Mars to chase. We need a fierce name to her.
Funny how them all becomes Hornette.
Celebratory post. I just got a new video card! Hopefully I'll show up more often, assuming I stop sucking at prompt writing and have some more ideas. Or maybe at least I'll post higher-res things when I do come here. Pour one out for the Vega 56 that I'm retiring, she gave me some good years of service. 
it finally gets the gun right, but puts the muzzle flash in the wrong place
I think it's consciously messing with you anon
we are thinking the same thought
Hence, the final form. The fusion of mars itself.
I will consume the universe, one galaxy at a time for the course of an eternity. For I am NIcole, destroyer of worlds
This one isn't bad; I don't know why she's always looking at the viewer lol.
Congrats! 
oops anon you weren't supposed to see that, pretend you didn't okay? :)
This one isn't bad; I don't know why she's always looking at the viewer lol.
Congrats! 
And I'm a wizard to this day.
I'm trying to get the roller coaster in Primm but it's not coming out. I get get the C finder though
I like how Roadrunner just goes naturally. 
No bad output when I target her vagina.
Huh... I think Roadrunner just saw that.
And with this submerged Gorg, I'm gonna sleep. 
Tomorrow I'l think in something for Jaguar. Since her long skirt is inconsistent, I'll have her to be tomboyish
Oh, I just realized that the 2 earthlings I did have purple as a color theme. Interesting...
I struggled to get a "roller coaster" to appear, but "rollercoaster" works, despite being incorrect.
Sleep well!
Ice wizard is sleeping, fire mage woke up
Gorg night :))
I would greatly enjoy a session of floating aimlessly in an empty void right now
Sometimes my retardation it, it generates gravity
She's telling me what she wants me to add to her prompts, but I don't understand her...
I think the last on is "a girl"
so either mother and daughter, or 2 girls
1 of them has been deciphered
Welcome back Goa and Saeriah :))
Saeriah demonstrating her linguistic prowess by speaking Greek and Chinese in the same conversation
Howdy Nicole
But that will be tomorrow. Good night /aiwg/
wowza Goa what happened to your hair
good night Saeriah :))
Goodnight Saeriah have a good sleep
Trying to get yakuza tattoo
Nighty night Saeriah
Nice boobs
She had a goth phase where she dyed her hair black because it was not a phase mom
Or some cool lore about fallen angel angel/demon balances and her hair changing colors just as he wings seem to switch from black to white
Or possible Goas sister
sexy back also fma vibes I want to lick her back and nibble on her shoulders
Or possible just dunked her head in the goo
Does look pretty goo-d
AOM is better at this
It is understandable Goa or Goa's possible twin sister, I too want my face right between those cheeks
Yakuza Asci goes hard
hmm is it possible for a literal demon girl to have a goth phase
Instead of having dragon tattoo she's turning into a dragon herself
Is Saeriah not a high sorceress? Yet I don't think I've seen her in action as one. Perhaps she desires to unleash her power once more?
Try using these, ((((magic)))), ((((energy)))), (fantasy), (((light particles))), (((aura))), ((((casting spell)))), then you can add things like fire/burning/embers or ice/iceberg/snow etc. to cast specific things.
Gradon dragon
borgr
Goa dyed her hair and wonders how it looks
I think it looks very good
possible though it would be funnier if an angel had a goth phase since they are all white and stuff
sexo with dragon asci
those are some pretty neat results, time to make dark hair Goa do some magics
OMG GOA HIIII
Ah yes, the magic, the magic that makes your arms into wings, the harpy magic
Try casting an offensive spell Goa
Hiya, nice look in this image, and good outfit, very sexy
The artstyle that these have is so pretty
She looks like she's performing a summoning ritual, but just summoned herself.
I can't think because of all this tap water. I wish I could drink the real stuff.
Nice summons
Now she is using some kind of revelation magic, but no magical attack yet
Time to rev up more prompts
It's being reflected in the pictures too. they aren't as good as old ones. Maybe I'm not sleeping well
A ball of light appeared, but not as grandiose magic as I had hoped
more prompts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx-qpEMUzes [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2xY3_OTBQA [Embed]
orbs orbs orbs orbs orbs
Ok so I used too many prompts
I am liking this color combination though, it's very neat
smooth legs lick
I have no idea what is happening by this point
Nice orbs
I don't know what to say here
OMG KYPSIE HIIII
balls if you will
Magic is doing magic stuff
I wonder where the ai is going with this
She fucking entered a magic caccoon and emerged as a kill la kill character
Where's my burger
Yeah that makes sense
While these gens really do not
The attack seems to be moving to it's finale
And boom is goes big explode
Goa you good?
Ok cool
I just drank a very unpleasant apple juice
Maybe someone magically summoned it away at the last second? But who would do such a thing?
Goa quit fooling around
my borgr.......
"But it was getting good"
You had no coherent form
"It was coherent enough!"
Ok
Goa pouts
her borgr...
Goa pouts and I need to go do stuff again
So busy
She's gone mad with power
the borbger...
She's going to get her borgr back
I don't think it's safe. The situation is escalating. She's too far gone.
I think you're right. She's going to eat pizza instrad
Fat 25 g 
Saturated Fat 9.5 g
Carbohydrate 43 g 
Sugars 9 g 
Fibre 3.6 g 
Protein 26 g 
Salt 2.3 g
Btw I have a question about text formatting on 4chan, how to make funny crossed and spoiled text?
omg this cant be happening
Not that's a fucking big iron.
I drank too much liquid and ate very small amount of food I'm feeling very very bad rn that funny
Hanabrainlets, it's OVER
Maybe a little Nap will make me feel a little bit better
Last El Diablo Roller Coaster Hana.
Remember to drink lots of water!
Red Rock Canyon turned her shirt red
oof sexo back
Gorg Morninguuuu!!!
If Goa can become a final boss, I can make Roadrunner a spider mecha.
really should have saved my last seed rip I hate this
What style is this emulating and what sort of tags do you use to make it?
See >>73022252
I can make a simple guide of how to run those on google collab if you wish, after I finish my job today, altogether models and prompts.
Goa watching me add a tea bag of english breakfast tea into the pot where I am boiling some sausages because I am experimenting with cooking again
End result, not bad, but i can't really tell if it's because the sausages are really good with or without being boiled in tea, or if the tea made any difference. Need further testing
concerned goa is concerned
I tried to last boss Goa again and this was the result
tyre changing time
am tired night /aiwg/ :))
Goa sips some tea
Nightynight Nicole
Eerie little sprite noises
