Would you rather date a girl who has had four white boyfriends, or one black one?
I'd rather stay home drinking and playing vidya than date either
if I had to choose, I guess the black one
They are both whores so neither
/thread
Four whites. There is no way back from the BBC
A man out there married her and unironically loves her. Insane
i am an indian guy and EVEN I would rather date a girl who has had 4 white bfs than 1 nigger, luckily i live in india so there are not niggers here thankfully !
Had an ethnic dude in college tell me that as well, didnt know non whites felt that way
its always a white guy who ends up marrying these nasty old porn stars / prostitues, 4chancels always claim that us indian men worship white women yet i have never heard of an indian man marrying nasty white porn / prostitutes, only white guys do that..............
Four whites, even fourty. I'm not getting AIDS from a nigger.
Men love whores, you need to admit it.
because not even used up spermsuckers want pajeets
This is obvious bait considering you saved that pic into your hard drive but to answer the question, if she genuinely only has one body and thats with monogamous relationship with a black man then I wouldnt really care. Not all black people are niggers. However, if she has had one boyfriend but is also actually a rampant coal burner then no.
the white man ain't going to fuck you, you bitch simp ass nigga. They view you just like they view us black people. Heck, people probably view you guys as even worse, due to your lack of mainstream culture.
Of all the retarded copes nogs spew on this board this one is by far the worst, people just don't like niggers.
what experience do you have with black people since you don't really have them in india? what makes you want your potential girl to take 4 dicks over one, because of the colour? white boys aint going to fuck you, dude.
stop simping, they shit on you as much as you guys shit in the streets.
india is becoming a economic super power meanwhile low iq nigger still live in the jungle with their gorilla and chimp brothers LOL ! this is how black 'women' look like to me LOL ! i'm not simping for white boys, i said in an earlier comment they are most likley to wife old prostitutes yet i still hate black chimps like you.........
meant to post this pic in the previous comment
okay bro, you do you. I got a lot of love for indians since I grew up in areas where there was a lot of them. It's a shame that you feel the way you do. Maybe in another life we could be at peace with each other. Also remember, you chose 4 dicks over 1.
4 white or indian guys better than 1 gorilla subhuman............
Of course the one with the black bf, she must be fucking insane in bed.
she will not even feel your microdick after what she went through. or, rather, after what went through her
kinda gay, bro. you still never explained where you disgust for black people came from when you barely have any india...
you indians are basically black without any of the positive stereotypes, what are you on about? 
I have had enough indians looking down on me while sucking up to the white man, i am not even black btw, just light brown.
in any case,
1 ex > 4 exes
shh, leave him. he has a totally organic disgust for black people, even though he's barely, if ever, interacted with them. And he chose 4 dicks over one because of the colour. sounds like mental illness lol
I want a blacked gf.
Black bf 
She'll be more inclined toward certain alternative sex practices
four white boyfriends. I dont want aids
Yall niggas really started a race war, shit don't matter cuh both of them bitches should die.
I would only ever date a virgin so neither.
id rather date no girl and just play video games
checkmate tranny
she is pretty cute
walled abominatons manage to get beta bucks
