Another day passes as a repressing tranny. 
See cis women during commute, feel like shit
See cis women at work, feel like shit
See cis women on the internet, feel like shit
The only solution is a cabin in Montana
It's ok sis, you will be a cute girl one day I promise.
Wish there was more I could say, maybe try HRT while not transitioning for the mental health benefits 
You let it other you because your online freak "friends" tell you that you should be bothered. Is it not a big mystery how the tranny mind bug didnt explode before internet became mainstream?
why do you want to be a woman
do you just see how attractive they are and want to be attractive like them? do you feel the amount of control they effortlessly assert over you and wish you could have that effect?
I have 0 friends irl or online. Only discords i'm in are transphobic. "Grooming" is a cope. 
Because then I can be who I want to be. 
I'm too tired to argue today.
If Ted was able to leave his tranny phase, then so can you. Think about how there's a much higher chance of being a hon that doesn't pass, then realize how it isn't worth it.
Because then I can be who I want to be.
I'm too tired to argue today.
And I want to be good at everything in life but that's impossible. You can't be a woman and injecting hormones will never make you a woman. If this is a blackpill to you then accept it and move on.
I wasn't trying to argue either, I want to understand
I have 0 friends irl or online. Only discords i'm in are transphobic. "Grooming" is a cope. 
I am sure you don't lurk troon spaces on twitter and 4chan. I am sure you aren't getting ideas from nowhere except your mind.
his repression got him life in prison.
Then I dont see a purpose to life. Wonder how long before I become suicidal. 
It's how I feel on the inside. I'm drawn to femininity. 
I'm not masculine and I hate how I have to put on a facade of masculinity because society demands it. I'm very shy and submissive. 
It's just how I am. My parents upheld gender roles heavily, for example my hair was almost always buzzed. All that did was mindfuck me. Now I feel shame and embarrassment for acting feminine. Putting on nailpolish in private makes me feel like shit
I don't see why any of those things demands you be a woman though? what's stopping you from saying "fuck society I'm going to wear nail polish"? It seems to me like transitioning will make it worse for you, as you transition and realize society still isn't seeing you how you want
5'5 120lbs manlet 
ogre tier henry cavil face
just want to be a woman
Thanks god!!
men still look like men with dresses and nail polish on. the body is still tough and sinewy, the head is still broad and strong and the penis still exist
you have a manly face because your ancestors for 1000s of years had to stand outside a cloth tent with axes and sharp sticks and hope that the other ogre faces that love to rape and steal don't decide to come knocking on your village this particular day (and you just know they have to someday because its just how life is)
meanwhile you're on the internet, a weak sissy wishing you could be inside the comfy tent with the baby instead of outside with the axe where you belong
stop letting prosperity ruin you
Oh yeah I'm sure I'll be a real hit with the ladies at 5'5! Why didn't I just grow more, must be my bad personality!
don't you think you should accept the truth instead of obsessing? honestly what separates you from a high school athlete that was just too short to make it to the pros? just move on and accept it dude, and if you cant, then I don't think the problem is you not being a woman, the problem is you being obsessed with it. admit its a problem, not a goal, and try to fix your psychology dude 
5'5 affects you because you let it affect you. will some women reject you for your height? yes. most? maybe. all? no. its on you to find the ones that wont. keep improving yourself and pushing forward. the fucking man with no arms or legs has a wife, you have no excuse, being short isnt even uncommon, there are entire countries of men your height
g.d. is most likely a genuine mental disorder, the way it presents itself doesn't make sense from the standpoint of societal conditioning.
Why rep when it isn't over?
You can just get FFS and pass regardless, an overwhelming majority of trannies who get FFS done end up passing.
I'm poor
WORK YOU LAZY FUCK
rep? ffs? done end up? what is this incomprehensible gibberish
Alright, i'll explain to you what it all means, newfag.
Rep = repress
FFS = Facial Feminization Surgery.
Facial Feminization Surgery.
that sounds awful and like it wont look good for longer than a couple of years if even
mrw i learn that people age
that sounds awful and like it wont look good for longer than a couple of years if even
I disagree
I didn't mean aging, I meant letting people cut and morph your skin like a piece of play dough doesn't sound like its good for it's longevity on any front 
I've seen camera filters do the same shit
That is some seriously impressive work, thank the lord for surgeons. The true gods of this planet.
can't put a filter on in real life
just gonna go out on a limb and say dramatically altering the bone structure of your face probably isn't what nature intended
and nature has a way of winning these things
just gonna go out on a limb and say dramatically altering the bone structure of your face probably isn't what nature intended
and nature has a way of winning these things
Fuck off retard
hurrr durrr don't alter your misaligned jaw and teeth bro just be ugly instead!
Would trannies really exist if men didn't go bald
Is sitting in a concrete box behind a computer screen all day any more "what nature intended" for you then?
Like this is such a dumb argument.
well see, your teeth are SUPPOSED to be aligned. that isn't altering what nature intended. 
but if you're a man trying to look like a woman well.... 
whataboutism 
yes we probably shouldn't do either
Cope, trannies are pushing the boundaries for facial surgery whilst lowering the barrier to entry. Soon governments will have to pay for our facial surgery worldwide.
Yeah and nature intended for my mind to match up with my body. 
But that shit didn't happen and it's unfixable.
true, all very true
and also not at all necessarily a good thing
but I don't think good and evil are what matters to you. just trying to look out for you but I suppose you'll end up in some textbook about natural selection at some point so there's that. like I said, nature always finds a way
Cope, trannies are pushing the boundaries for facial surgery whilst lowering the barrier to entry. Soon governments will have to pay for our facial surgery worldwide.
Great observation.
its not a good thing to have control over your body or face
Imagine being this dumb, yeah we should just all accept the cards we were dealt! If your ugly just cope your entire life! Don't aspire for anything BECAUSE THAT'S NOT WHAT NATURE INTENDED
hang in there sisters, love u guys
calm down
anyways its interesting you used the word "control". thats what you really want isn't it? and thats why you're caps raging?
as long as you can control surgeons to perform inhumane surgeries, control nonbelievers to conform to your pronouns, force or trick people into believing you're pretty, eventually, some day when you are the authoritarian, you'll finally feel peace right?
it isn't going to happen, even at the most fundamental level. you contrast nature and you contrast peoples intrinsic understanding of it.
its in your favor to start realizing you're staring into an abyss that offers no salvation
i feel really bad for repressors. sounds like an awful existence
No one is forcing these surgeons to do anything, they are simply chasing money (mostly insurance) whilst also developing new standards and implants along the way. I'm not even trans, I'm just glad we are finally seeing some progress in facial surgery beyond fixing glaring issues. Now we have PEEK implants which are as good as bone. hair transplants that don't even require shaving, titanium implants in jaws etc
yes those are lovely things for people that need them, I agree
Thank you fren, lovely discussion.
Well, he's getting all the BBC he can handle now...
How can people like... Be okay with that? I get squeamish just thinking about surgeons fucking with my bone structure, idk. Just feels... Wrong and scary.
They are the craftsman of the modern era, truly talented sculptors who have ascended beyond mortal reasoning. Cut my face into a 1000 pieces if it means I can have even a slither of beauty.
sliver
first time getting a z in the captcha
Who gives a shit about passing. 
I was born male with a dick and balls. I can never be afab.
Kino but only if you look like a futa.
