How often are you naked? Would you like to be permanently nude?
On occasion, since I live alone.
Never except for the monthly shower. 
No.
whoa
That's reasonable and likely practical.
i walk around the house naked when no one is home but that only happens once or twice a month.
I feel slightly uncomfortable being naked even home alone because I worry people will see me through a window.
Just don't do it at night, with the curtains open, and the lights on. Other than that the risk is usually low.
Is there a problem cunt?
Well I live on a farm so don't even have neighbors.
Do you ever garden naked?
Yeah, and tend to the animals. It's nice sometimes.
That sounds idyllic.
More loneliness, more nudity.
I would buy a big property tucked away somewhere pretty so that my girl could be naked 24/7 if she wanted
want me to move in?
Do you ever schlick while outside?
Not per se, I do get up to fun though
Stats? Farming experience?
How often are you naked? 
I'm a home nudist, so pretty much anytime I'm at home. Although I've dabbled at wilderness naturism, air feels nice on your skin especially when surrounded by the grandeur of a national park.
Only if it was legal and didn't affect my employment opportunities. Oh and also doesn't increase the chance of me being raped.
we should all be public nudists
I fucking hate it. I dont wanna feel my tits or ANYTHING. I wish i could have clothes permanently on
what kind of fun? 
do you pee outside?
Let's just say I'm a horse girl.
were you with anyone when you tried that?
well you killed that larp pretty fast and you didn't even answer my peeing question.
Public nudism would be nice. Unless you mean Social "Public" nudism, which is a little different. It has the connotation of "nudist resorts" and clubs that are often expensive to attend, and are kinda gate keepy. They also take a lot of your time. Generally there aren't many "events" to keep young nudists entertained, which is why home nudism has become quite popular among the younger nudists out there. 
Interesting fact the pandemic had a hand in creating many a home nudist.
No, I like to be private about it, although I think a few people have seen me though, albeit accidentally. Sometimes you forget to close a blind, or you just want to enjoy the natural light coming in, but kinda forget the potential consequences of such a decision. Sometimes I'll just risk it because it's really nice out and I don't think anybody will be out since it is a pretty quiet neighborhood.
The first part about the naked gardening was cool but you ruined it with this.
ok maybe i would not be able to do it publicly. but i thought being nude in private spaces is normal. unless its not. in which case oops
Women should be nude 24/7
Nudity in private is normal, it's me being nude nearly everyday that is I think considered unusual and what I think defines a home nudist, the regularity, consistency, and usual frequency. I do recommend you consider being a home nudist. It's very nice and pretty comf. I remember home nudist threads being a little popular a few years back, I wondered what happened to the few robots who became home nudist?
Would you have sex with someone outside?
i c
i guess wearing clothes are a way of compartmentalizing social behavior. it is hard to be nude around other people, even family members, and not think of it as a sexual thing. and should it? im not sure
My dick is too small for that
i guess wearing clothes are a way of compartmentalizing social behavior
In a way yes, but it shouldn't be that way, you should try to compartmentalize in other ways.
it is hard to be nude around other people, even family members, and not think of it as a sexual thing
For a lot of people it is, for me too, it's why I live alone. Still, I think it should be normal. If I was "raised" nudist, maybe I would "feel" differently
I don't think nudity is inherently sexual. It's what you do in that nud le state that does.
Nudism accepts almost all body types. I think nudism has actually been shown to improve body image and generally just make people happier.
