hi robots, how do you guys get motivated? I want to get into drawing, but i know i'm going to have to pass the "all my work will be shitty" phase but I dont have the mental fortitude to actually face my shitty stuff
When I started playing piano I just kept playing because learning new stuff about it was fun, eventhough my playing sounded like shit
hi robots, how do you guys get motivated?
These days, stimulant drugs if I'm being entirely honest
that's actually good insight, i should try to focus on the fun; that's why I wanted to start in the first place. Didnt it get frustrating sometimes tho?
The important part is that you view the "shitty part" of improvement as fun, rather than a chore. Experiment with a bunch of stuff, see what works, what doesn't, and have fun with the act of drawing. No one wants to do chores, so if you constantly hate yourself while drawing something bad, you're gonna give up.
how do you guys get motivated
I don't, that's why I'm still here. It was a massive mistake to kill my ego since not I'm not 'offended' by my life sucking anymore
guess i'll start small and pump myself up for a while. It's so easy to just go "fuck it" nowadays
Hope things get better
It still gets frustrating sometimes but it doesn't really matter because I know playing piano is one of my favorite activities and will most likely always be
Thanks anon, I hope you get good at drawing
thanks for the pep talk, yeah I should at least start and at least get my feet wet instead of pussying out
thanks, have a good day anon
Hard to I have some capacity to draw but I get easy frustrated and lose my drive after awhile. So often don't draw much even if I do wish to get better.
It's only frustrating if you keep focusing on some far away goal state instead of just constantly drawing. Take joy only in the action, never in the outcome. That's the way to mastery. I don't care about the finished drawing. I only care that every day I am drawing.
People who are genuinely creative don't need to be encouraged, they feel like they need to give life to their vision so bad that if they don't they'll die. Don't bother, we don't need more shitty artists in the world.
And yet there will be more regardless of the outcome here so fuck off.
Uncreative hands typed this
YWNBAA
Na. I'll just never be a good artist and I'm fine with that at long as I can draw at all.
hello op I have drawn this specifically for you
My advice as a self hater of 23 years and a drawer of 2 years is to actually address your mental problems first because even when you reach the point of being good enough in the eyes of most people, your brain will still find ways to bully you into hating your work.
motivation
For me the big break happened when I watched Sinix's sketchbook tours and some other stuff of his. His mindset is a reasonable balance between not hating yourself but also not being complacent, and he actually started from utter crap tier art and is man enough to show it which is unironically pure lifefuel. I started spamming sketchbooks and filling them up like crazy after seeing his stuff. Every time I felt like shit I would just look at his sketchbook tours and that would make me want to draw again.
I would also recommend to treat you would a little child who you're teaching drawing to. When you fuck up, just move on. When you do good, lots of positive reinforcement. You want your successes to stay in your memory so you can repeat those, not the fuckups, those will just kill your confidence. You do not want any toxicity at all.
Also I would seriously avoid sharing work with anyone for at least a year, trust me it will save you a lot of suffering. Don't join art discords, don't post online unless its explicitly for crits. You need that peace of mind as you are learning arguably one of the hardest skills imaginable.
Holy fuckin yeah
Seriously though, meds was a game changer.
