hey anon, just a casual reminder that your future wife is passed out in some party right now, after blowing 6 guys in a row. thats what she does on a wednessday night
just lol
future wife
its better than your past OP where you fucked a dog
Imagine wanting to marry anyone
I will not marry a woman unless she can prove she has not sucked a dick in her past and is obviously a virgin. Since not sucking dicks is impossible to prove I will not emotionally invest myself in a woman PERIOD
hurr durr die alone
Perfect, I'll just fuck prostitutes instead it's less disgusting than having to kiss a literal dick sucker.
Men who fuck prostitutes are FAR worse than non-virgin women kek. The lowest of low
Based anon, you know you struck gold when you make the foids seethe
Typical foid, keepin it cringe...
Nice sockpuppeting
Bold of you to assume this makes anyone mad, if anything it's making me wonder whether or not it's parody
Typical foid, keep on keepin it cringe
Doesn't prove anything
And kek men finding x or y thing cringe the second you apply it to them
You gotta take them brain pillies baby girl, but until then? Keep on keepin it cringe....
brain pillies
baby girl
That made me clench my teeth
that is not me retard
I think it's beautiful 
God bless her
early 30s
virgin
Feels good man. No whores to deal with.
20 fem and virgin 
I tend to keep it that way for no fucking reason
I don't see myself getting a wife. I'm 33 years old and the last time I pursued any form of interaction with a woman was a half-hearted attempt at talking to a girl at a club when I was around 20, and then only because my friends egged me on
dude just go talk to her bro
about what?
I dunno just buy her a drink man!
but they don't have a meny? 
just order anything
but I don't know what they're offering
they sell anything man, they just mix it 
hi, uh, can i get a uhhhhhhh. Two martinis - shaken not stirred
hello 
hi
so
...
w-would you like this one here excess martini?
sure. Thanks
so 
so...
interesting weather, huh?
very
...
...
anyway I should probably get back to my friends
Seriously btw, how do you even cope with this reality? Whenever I think about the possibility that my girlfriend may have had any kind of sexual relationship with a man other than me, I feel like throwing up. This sometimes leads to, me ignoring my girl or even treating her like shit. Any advice?
Holy based
Yeah, don't have a girlfriend in the first place
I would simply not marry a non virgin.
tyrone fucks them all young
whiteboy willingly dies a virgin
Ez
loling @ your life you pathetic simp faggot
atleast guys who fuck whores dont sell their dignity to appease used up roastie whores. at least they are not soulless deceptive virtue signalling spineless faggots like you
literally men who pay to eat women's shit have more dignity and integrity than you
33 in a couple months. the only women that show me interest are single moms and i am not raising another man's kid. do these bitches think their blown out pussy is worth the hassle of raising another man's kid? the scales are not in their balance my friends
