How come there are no female incels?
I am literally one. 33 years old, KHV, biological female.
More men exist than women. Women don't want to date unless you are perfect criteria, whereas guys are far more relaxed with their options.
Tf does KHV mean
They exist, they are called ugly feminists
Women get pregnant men can't. So women can all share a man and reproduce where men can't all share a woman.
This is why even the most disgusting and immoral of women still have guys going after them but men who are small or weird looking die.
K issless
H ugless
V irgin
You could have sex and a bf at any moment if you wanted to.
Those aren't femcels. They still easily find love.
We invented birth control though. So why havent women become more like men
Because men CAN'T get pregnant.
to clarify, since women get pregnant they can all have a child with the same man at the same time, if men tried todo the same thing with women each one would have to wait 9 months before they could have a child.
Birth control has just given you more control over getting pregnant, but unless men can start having children at the same rate women do sharing a spouse nothing changes.
So could incels. Just because the women you are attracted to wont have sex with you doesnt make you an incel.
femcels are the women who cant bag'a'chad, they're more volcels than straight incels
There are male incels who probably could find sex if that's all they cared about but they don't want to settle for an obese partner
Standards for a partner are likely a little too high on both sides of the aisle and this lead to malecels and femcels
So you're Chad only?
they pretend to be, but men it'd be incredibly easy for them to get a bf, not to mention sex. it's just that their standards are high or their egos are fragile.
the difference is incomparable. women are much, much pickier.
I can't believe a man actually got hard and fucked that thing.
No male incel can just get an obese girl. Their standards can't be much higher than them not being disgusting to look at, and not being abusive/disloyal.
Yes people vastly overestimate the standards of men, though she probably looks much better without dyed hair, more straight long hair, and without that expression. If you ruin your own looks that's voluntary.
All women who have no one to love, and don't want to fuck around, are involutary celibate. There might be even more female than male incels in the world.
Life is sad without love ... Why is it that I never fall in love? ...
In my view, incels are generally men who have been abused in the past. Could be by their parents, maybe by their schoolmates, or some of us have been in relationships before and were abused in them. While women can be abused as well, the difference is that women have a huge support network to help deal with it and can openly express their feelings on what happened to them. If you are a victim of abuse as a man you are not allowed to even talk about it, especially if that abuse was perpetrated by a woman, since that would "misogynistic." That's why women can't be incels.
No one is attracted to me. You are a volcel. I'm not
tfw no gf like this
