My parents were missionaries in Africa and pic related was literally my teenage years. If you are white you are desireable over there. BWC in Africa is like BBC here, girls will spread their legs for you like you're Tyrone even if you're like 5/10 on a good day.
this is just prostitution with extra steps, so just do prostitution at home. if you're going to have prostitutive sex, it makes no difference to make any distinctions where and how.
only romantic passionate love beginning with casual sex hookups before the age of 21 for both partners is non-prostitutive sex.
What are you talking about? I didn't pay for any of it, it was all free pussy. It was how I met my wife too, so some of it was for love.
africans really just hang around with their fun bits out all day
yes you retard but anybody who has to buy their own plane ticket to get there is paying for it, moron.
Lol you're all pathetic as fuck. 
 I can't get white women 
 Might as well go the most underdeveloped parts of a developing nation just to get my dick wet
Rope.flv
The ticket was free, church paid.
What is it like having an African wife? Culture, food, her family, intimate life, etc.
you moron thats for YOU, not for literally anyone who tries to take your advice. unless you're only giving advice to people already in Africa you dunce. ANYONE who has to travel to get there and pay out of their own pocket for travel is paying for it.
She was from an actual tribal village like what you would see on National Geographic. There are a lot more cities and normal towns over there than you would expect, and she hadn't even seen one of those before. It was a huge cultural shock when we returned to America. We had to do a lot of work to adapt to life here. Clothes and shoes are a big one, it took her a while to get used to wearing normal clothing and she still hates wearing shoes. 
She didn't exactly live in an area known for having access to a lot of food or food varieties, and she was never the best cook, so we almost exclusively eat out or order food. 
Her family lives thousands of miles away in a place with no phones or internet and her parents can't read anyways. We haven't seen them since I married her and took her along on the mission until I was 22. 
Our sex life is and always has been heavenly. Very active, and never boring. I'd be willing to answer more but IDK if I am at the text limit or not for this comment.
Have you or she wanted to visit back? Do you ever wish she could cook better so she could try making more foods from her country? What kinds of sex have/do you have? Any children? What kinds of interesting or unusual quirks does she exhibit?
whiteys used to do this too back in Jesus's day, people had one set of clothes and worked naked often for whatever reason. gardeners especially were nude, which would suck complete ass if you're dealing with thorns.
Have you or she wanted to visit back? 
Not particularly. As much as I romanticize my teenage years on account of the unlimited sex horny young me had, it really was a shithole. The only other thing we really miss is the clean air. 
Do you ever wish she could cook better so she could try making more foods from her country? 
I do but honestly we've been dining out for fifteen years and we can afford it, there really isn't any reason to change. 
What kinds of sex have/do you have?
Constant. Passionate. Kinky as we we want it, or as vanilla as we can handle. We do sub/dom when we feel like it, but often we just have normal bed-breaking love making. 
Any children?
We have seven kids, four boys and three girls. Pregnancy number six was twins and they were very difficult. We managed to talk her into a histerectomy on account of the fact that it almost killed her and another one definitely would. 
What kinds of interesting or unusual quirks does she exhibit?
She is enamored by technology that the rest of us would find banal. Even after so many years I still see her eyes light up at random electronic gadgets. Obsolete and old stuff does it the most now that she's used to modern tech, because even though you and I saw, used, and grew tired of stuff like landlines and cd players it is new to her. 
She also doesn't trust modern medicine as much as she should. Getting our kids vaccinated and treated for their illness growing up has been challenging but I talked her into it. Getting her to take her medicine when she got Covid three years ago was difficult. I never did concince her to take birth control pills, as you probably guessed...
we can afford it, there really isn't any reason to change.
May I know what kind of occupation you have? Also curious what kind of hobbies she has.
7 kids
Damn, your sex life really must be wild after all. Just interesting to read about a relationship like this. I don't know if a wife and multiple kids is the life for me, but it's fascinating to think of a romance held across worlds.
How many nignogs did you fuck other than her? How did you meet her? How was your first time together? Why did you choose her over all the others?
May I know what kind of occupation you have?
Small business owner. I don't like to admit it but I am successful because of generational wealth rather than hard work. When I returned to the US my grandfather basically gave me a construction company. I didn't know a damn thing about construction but I figured it out as I went along. 
Also curious what kind of hobbies she has.
Let's see... she likes sewing. She makes the most beautiful decorative sheets, pillow cases and blankets. She also reads a lot and loves learning new languages. We play video games together too. She sucks at halo but plays with me because she knows I love to play with her.
Well we do have a lot of sex, but that was mostly just two horny, abnormally fertile teens fucking without any form of birth control for five years straight.
I used to go to a christian private school and I was basically the poorest kid there most of the other kids were extremely wealthy christian families that lived in mansions. Anyways my one classmate Wesley and his family would go on mission trips to africa a lot and he told us that while over there swarms of africans would come up to his family. They'd be touching his skin and his sisters hair marveling and how white and blonde they are. In retrospect this makes africans sound likes rubes haha makes me wonder how much of it is an act for gibs
How many nignogs did you fuck other than her? 
I don't even remember for sure, but definitely dozens. We traveled around a lot, always in a new place with new girls. Teenagers and adults alike wanted me. I actually lost my virginity to a woman who was married, in the West it would probably be considered pedophilia but I didn't mind. I got a few of them pregnant, at least six other than my wife that I know of. I used to catch severe beatings from my mother but we always moved before too long and I went right back at it. It took me way too long before I fucked a MILF who taught me how to use the pull out method. 
How did you meet her
I met her when I arrived, and I knew from the beginning she had feelings for me. Most of the girls did, and at first I just saw her shy eyes as raw sexual attraction like most. I know now she fell for me at first sight. I had been in the village a little over a month before I acted on it though. Most of the other girls, including her older sister, were more brave and forthright than her, she would watch me from bushes when I was hanging out or fucking them. One day her sister and another friend helped her get the courage to ask to be with me, and helped her get past her fear to sleep with me. I fell for her right then. She was so cute and beautiful and warm... I knew she was different to every other girl I had been with. 
How was your first time together 
I already described the emotions I felt, so physically... I was 17 and she was 14. It was by a stream, a secluded place with bushes and a sandy beach. There were four of us; her, her older sister, and an older friend. I fucked her missionary while her friends held her hands. She was vice-tight. Most of the girls I was with were virgins, and she felt the best of all of them. I had been pulling out for a few years before this and it was only the third time since then that I came inside. Her sister was very jealous. 
Why did you choose her?
Because I love her.
Yeah that's about how it was with us. Dad and I got groped a lot before we told them it was wrong. 
And to only do it when Mom wasn't looking :)
I'm terrified of new things. It is hard too deal with people in a somewhat comfortable environment where they speak my language. I only left the city where I live for a few times in my life and I'm already an old man.When I was young I only really moved between my home and school, now home and work. If I could do anything about my life when someone tells me what to do I wouldn't be here.
She also reads a lot and loves learning new languages.
B A S E D! Intelligent language learning wife that sews you pretty stuff and plays chill games too. What a nice life. Thanks for sharing all these neat things about the love of your life. Best wishes to you both.
I did and it was amazing. Feel bad about leaving kids behind but the women wanted it.
i dont wanna get beat to death by jealous natives
All these posts are larps kek. You really think high inhibition western incels have the balls to go to African countries full of AIDS and violent savages and fuck a bunch of women?
I know. I was such a dumb fucking child. If there was any way to find them I would but it's basically impossible now.
Not that impossible if you can find where you stayed/traveled, easy enough to find kids that would look so different
I was talking more about the number of death threats, the instability of the countries we were in, and the fact that most places we were in either didn't have a name or were so far in the boondocks that you could never find it twice.
That's a pretty poor excuse. If you don't want o then just be honest.
