Chris-chan is one of the most blackpilling things out there. Everyone who was supposed to raise him failed him so he turned out even more fucked up than he could have been, then he was tormented for years by trolls online who think he deserves it when hes a retard. Hundreds of thousands of people know about Chris and think its funny and just observe and laugh instead of being repulsed. The system has not stopped his gangstalking despite it being so heavily documented. People like Geno Samuel can make money just describing what happens to him while feeling nothing for Chris other than that hes a lolcow.
Nobody has any real empathy for him when the path to him being such a piece of shit is documented and laid out
If only his babysitter Roach didn't lock him in a room full of toys.
is it a crime to make fun of people or something? He stuck his own stupid face on the internet, nobody forced him. Get over yourself
It goes far beyond making fun of him and calling him a retard. It was targeted harassment by hundreds of people that directly resulted in him becoming more and more fucked up when it is evident that hes an actual retard.
However, the worst part is how its a show. His story is known and allowed to be posted online and the consensus is that its a funny story. Accounts of a retarded man being stalked are able to be posted on youtube, spotify, facebook, anywhere you can think of with no censorship and the commentors think nothing of it. Imagine if thousands of people were talking about how much of a loser YOU are and are able to find all of the lowest moments in your life with a click of a button and nobody has any empathy for you because you should have just picked yourself up by the bootstraps when you never had a chance from the start. All this stuff about caring for the weak is bullshit
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ciQiQLOzBhM&amp;pp=ygUXQ2hyaXMgY2hhbiBjb21yYWRlIHNsYWI%3D [Embed]
If he hadn't trooned out, the entire trans community would despise him for being an entitled, turbo-incel, homophobic, womanizing sexual predator with no hygiene, even without the barb rape. But a few extra letters in the name and believing he's a woman ontop of believing he's Sonichu and Jesus and married to Mewtwo has led to a ton of clueless dipshits giving him sympathy.
lmfao there's a dumbfuck autist here that wants to turn chris chan into a martyr for autism rights or some bullshit like that.
Trannys claim that he's not actually a tranny though. Not even trannys want to be associated with CWC.
It's what Bob would've wanted.
To fuck barb one last time? After what happened the last time, IDK...
That's what I assumed until I asked, the usual response was them getting mad at me for using "he" instead of "she", followed by a wall of text about how it's the internet's fault
I guess everyone has a different take on the issue.
But notice how even though they shake their heads and even cry to really ham up the socially-aware act they still don't want to be associated with CWC.
Wasn't like null his tard rangler at the end and helped him?
[citation needed]
Null is the owner of kiwi farms that was originally a watch place for cwc onlookers way back
They don't care about chris the person. They just act like they care to help out their team in the internet culture war.
The most common take i have seen from trannies MTF is more because everyone understands that there is no faith.
So trannies will now defend his choice of identifying as female because having the discussion of mental illness and wanting actual help results in conversation to remove the thing that i post poning their suicide or joke solutions like institutionalization which results in permanent poverty and a ruined credit history so you cant own a house, a car, rent an apartment, or own anything because you spent 7 days in a place full of drug addicts with a doctor saying "welll just dont have those feelings"
This then spirals into a discussion about how the mental health institutes do not treat anyone and that everyone should go to the church. The church is then brought into discussion about how it doesnt help anyone.
It creates a never ending sea of arguments with no progress.
And so trannies defend chris chan.
ha. you born recently?
Null isn't a tard wrangler. All he wanted to do was manipulate chris into producing as much lolcow content for as long as possible for his gangstalkers to lol at. He was only acting like he was """concerned""" so he could lie to himself that he was a """good person""" never mind he ran a literal gangstalking platform.
Ahhh was just confused because he helped cwc with the money collecting for going to a con before all the barb rape came out
This has been going on for far longer than you've even been on the internet, zoomerfaggot.
Do you not think its insanely fucked up that it is normal to torture this one particular retard?
The sad thing is he really did try to improve himself in some ways but those harassers always got to him. He is basically unemployable so he attempted to create and etsy shop with figures to sell, people buy his stuff then claim they didn't get it so he loses money. Don't you get the joke anon, the guy with a disability tried to start a business and made some mistakes so we harassed him till it failed, pretty funny right.
Oh, heres an idea, were trick him into saying stuff thats not politically correct and then that means theres nothing wrong with us harassing him.
Nool did
Oh my God. Can you stop being so dramatic, little gay emo pussy?
No he is not a "tard" That was the point. He was in sweet spot of being a normie and a tard. That is what autists are. He in reality had a chance to better himself but he never really did. Instead he chose to go down the opposite route that led him to rapin his own mother.
You can only blame "trolls" for only so much. Also the fuck was his family doing? 
I do agree that autism is rather hardcore but Chris was high functioning. He had good chances of improving.
Ding ding ding.
Neurotypicals, especially women, constantly lie to sound more moral. The reality is they detest anyone they can't somehow benefit from on a social or economic level. If you're just a few degrees off from what they consider "normal" you're like an animal to them.
I'm old enough to remember the time before retard was the "R-word". People with down syndrome were treated like shit, not this weird coddling baby talk support stuff. People hated their guts and they rarely left their homes. There was a show in the 90s called Life Goes On that starred a handicapped man and it re-enacted how people treat the handicapped (not good). It took decades of rebranding and moral pleading just to get people to stop abusing down syndrome sufferers.
Someone needs to rebrand autism and fight for us. I'm on board.
Of course it's fucked up. But it's fucking retarded to say autists should act as belligerently retarded as possible in public because the worst that could happen is they end up like Chris Chan, as if that were a good thing. Then there's the angle that he wants people to commit domestic terrorism in the name of autism, for Chris Chan.
For queen and country? No, for sonichu and CWCville!
Are you fucking joking? This is the easiest time in history to be an autist. You got capeshit, anime, and other autismfodder practically normalized. There is neurodiversity propaganda out the ass to condition people to "give you a chance", social integration programs to help you along, and even billions or more in research on your condition yearly. You're not being oppressed or murdered by any organized entity. But no, you ungrateful cunts still want to throw all that away so you can force your fucktardation onto the rest of the population, then shoot up public spaces when you don't get your way. And you know what, I don't blame normal people for getting sick of your shit. Best stay on your best behavior.
He deserved it. Contrary to popular beliefs, the trolls did try helping Chris but he refused to change/it was too late. The thing with Adam Stackhouse was the beginning. I'd argue that Chris was fucked already at birth, being raised by old fashioned parents already in their mid 40s.
Just be mindful of the things you post online, brainiac.
The reality is that never happened, but Barb lied and told Chris it did. Barb was a raging alcoholic and worthless slut. Every single bad thing in Chris' life is 100% her fault.
I've been around longer than you, you retarded worthless subhuman faggot. Chris is a piece of shit and Null helped him out many many times, you dumb subhuman clinically retarded cum-swallowing faggot.
Bob, Chris' dad, was nearly 60 when Chris was born.
Of course you don't. And you don't blame the people that ruined Christian's life, "He should have known better".
I know the reality. You'd exterminate us if morality wasn't in the way. You feel your abuse is justified because "Their behavior is too weird for me." NTs have extremely low external empathy. By that I mean anyone or anything that doesn't directly affect their life can fuck off and die a horrible death and they won't waste a second feeling sorry for them.
You got me on the other stuff though. It's pretty fucking sweet to be an autist on the internet right now. Have you seen the hours of SFM porn getting made daily? There's how many VTubers? 100? So long as we stick to online spaces and avoid NTs, life is pretty good.
You literally have no theory of mind by definition. Empathy is just a term you think you understand because you've read the definition, but is something you are biologically incapable of experiencing.
Your kind were given a million chances and it's still not enough. You fags want to be given special treatment for nothing more than an annoying mental disorder and then have weaponized spergouts when someone puts their foot down and says "no". Fuck that. Putting autists back in their place is a matter of self-defense at this point.
Aw. Can normie-wormie not abuse whoever he wants anymore? You poor, poor soul. I know how it must irk you to see people who don't conform to your blandness and sameness existing without being able to abuse them verbally and physically. You have my condolences.
See? We do have empathy. Have some more SFM porn. On me.
You aren't being abused though. If anything you were coddled, excessively even. Other people telling you to stop being a cunt when you are violating their rights isn't abuse.
I don't want to be forced to listen to your one-sided infodump on hitler, trains, or whatever the fuck when I'm trying to work. Your female coworkers and classmates don't appreciate you perving on them either. How is telling you to knock it off abuse?
Mildly disabled guy here. Weak muscle strength and balance and possibly Aspergers
Normal people to me are mildly sociopaths who look at everything and everyone else as what can they get from them. They are obsessed with social status and rarely speak their minds assuming that they have original ideas 
They are very big on say one thing but do another. They are duplicitous. They hate anything that is not like them. People like me are great points for them to look better to others so they will have superficial friendships with me
No, it's not. However, I consider every victory for autism worthwhile even the absurd ones. The stronger we push to legitimization, the closer we get to the "A-word" and our acceptance.
I'm talking about what happened to Christian Chandler, and the thousands like him. Yeah, they're weird. No, they don't "deserve" mistreatment or unkindness any more than anyone else.
Look back in history. Not even that long ago, go back 150 years to freak shows and human zoos. Dwarves, conjoined twins, anyone with any deformity, the very fat, the very tall, etc all weren't even considered human. They were treated lower than livestock, ridiculed and abused. Can you imagine if someone even called a little person a "midget" today? They'd be strung up. I want that for autism. Eh, what the hell I'm on a roll, let's keep the SFM porn going.
I feilt really bad when bob died notging was the same after that
The thing is, he did this to himself. He wouldn't stop posting this dumb shit online. All he had to do was stop posting. So many people tried to help him and either couldn't or wouldn't do it. Chris isn't all a victim here, much of what happened is a result of his own actions and decisions.
And things were so much better then since vain mental cripples knew their place and weren't doing mass shootings. We gave autists a chance and they blew it.
Telling us to shut up is fine, but when we have zero power you take it too far in the other direction. You take away our right to live, to be ourselves, and shun us. I just want autists to have power, because that's all that really matters. Especially to you and the NT crowd.
When you're scared to tell us to shut up and fuck off, I'm happy. Yeah, maybe it's a pain in the ass for you, but too bad. I know what happened to Christian can happen to any of us (well, the really dumb ones anyway), and I want it to stop forever. At least the attitude that "he had it coming for being different" needs to stop.
Chris repeatedly brought this stuff on himself but there are probably tons of autistic people who deserve a life of dignity
That's pretty much the whole appeal. Nobody would care if some retard got epically trolled one time on the internet. What makes chris special is he will repeatedly make the same mistakes over and over again, each time being more ridiculous and absurd than the last. But nobody should feel sorry him, he is a goddess with foreknowledge of all things past and present. It was all part of the plan
Autists had a place back then. The sciences. We were left alone to draw birds or endlessly study mold under a microscope.
I hope you are one of the victims at the next shooting
So you want to force people to like you by threatening to shoot them if they don't suck you off enough? lol, lmao even.
I have a first amendment right to call you an autistic faggot to your face and there is jack fucking shit you can do about it. In the real world, there is no teacher lady forcing everyone to be nice to the class mascot, so if you are acting like a cunt, other people are free to apply corrective pressure until you behave or fuck off. Sure it's not "pleasant", but to have a civil society sometimes you have to be a little un-civil.
How can I ever feel pity for a dumb fucking idiot that intentionally rams a car in a store of a guy he hates and injured him?
im a tranny and dont consider chris-chan a tranny, he is a abomination, you have to be cute to be a tranner.
sadly for you, that's what most of the world thinks of when we think of trannies
You know you're lying to yourself. Chris is interesting BECAUSE we are trying our damnedest to have sympathy for him all the while he continually fucks up worse and worse. He truly shows the duality of man. 
Yes, it is "black pilling" that the "system" failed him. When I was a little kid, I thought that good people would come out of the woodwork to help people like Chris. That's what our teachers told us and all, of course. It's all lies. The system is there to put a band-aid on things as best it can, because it really just isn't that strong. Chris was successfully protected and guided for his entire youth up to High School graduation. They did their best for the guy.
Oh, there's plenty I can do. You keep thinking we're drooling retards or as clueless as CWC, most of us have an IQ one or two deviations above the mean. We control the internet and we control the narrative. The power is in our hands and soon it will be a social faux-pas to use autism in a derogatory sense.
You ever really listen to Elon Musk talk? You think he's one of you? You've seen his Twitter tantrums, right? We control the future, we control AI, your power will fade to nothing and your children will watch Vtubers.
Some people are just mentally deranged and need to be executed. Anyone who rapes their own mother needs to be executed. Instead, the state of Virginia put him in a woman's prison kek. Chris-chan walks the Earth free while men rot and die for smoking pot. 
The problem is that any sort of ASD movement is inherently untenable and a non-starter. The whole basis of their shared identity is inability to be pro-social. If they had the sociability to form an organization and exert influence, they would not be shunned to the ASD community in the first place.
Give me a break. The only thing ASD people have done with their control of the Internet is shove trans rights on everyone.
lol idc
Still gonna hate autists, still gonna gossip aka tell the truth about your obnoxious behavior, maybe within earshot if I disrespect you enough. And if you get uppity, I'll simply call the cops to have them raid you before you bring in daddy's assault rifle to class.
How are you able to post on 4chan way back in the 1960s?
Elon if he had autism is an example of how money will buy you out of a lot of problems he has from it
He never had to get regular jobs because he had so much money
well written and true. This anon gets it. Normalfags are demons and they will attack you viciously given even a small chance.
People are still getting locked up for petty weed crimes in states like Alabama and Missouri.
Being arrested for possession is not rotting away and dying of a life sentence. I'm guessing you're a nigger or a zoomer who loves niggers for actually believing that
I dont live in muttland, dgaf abt your amemements. Where I live if youre rude to people they will be rude back, so any autist you insult has every right to insult you back even worse.
Bitchmade. Muh gossip then you cry on the internet when an autist rightfully spergs out on you. Give me a break you fat tranny
And he will lose because lolnosocialcompetence. Your audience is who decides who wins and who loses, and autists never play to that right. Hell, this incompetence is so bad that they get absolutely rekt in court in front of a jury. 
https://archive (dot) eye-ess /gtEsX
https://www.economist.com/1843/2022/11/21/an-autistic-man-was-surfing-the-internet-on-his-dads-sofa-then-the-fbi-turned-up
That's no small feat, friend. There are adults, who fifteen years ago used to picket adult book stores that are now helping their children transition to a new gender. That's a wild, unheard of change in social mores without the use of force to maintain it.
We ain't stopping there. There's so much more.
Would he have had a chance if he grew up before the Internet era?
For a long time, I truly wondered if there would be a consequence to the escalating degeneracy. Would all this decadence and waste one day come back to haunt us? Would the Earth curse us? Would the poor envy us? I ruled out every possibility. Decadence really shouldn't weaken you, as it is merely the expression of excess. 
But then I realized, there I was, trying to justify why decadence was bad. I needed no justification. People like me are the consequence. Escalating degeneracy will radicalize people like me into taking action and clamping it down. It won't mean genocide or anything, but rolling back trans rights seems entirely doable. At the very least, we're going to kick them out of women's prisons and sports. 
If you refuse to participate in this, we will become the radicals threatening and agitating for change, much as you are today.
The assburger supremacist bullshit you're responding to has been disowned by the mainline autism advocacy community. The only remnants are some obnoxious blogs from the 2000's era from fedora-tipper types, and evidently the faggots that just discovered this cringy old writing not realizing that you can't beat people into liking you. The vast majority of people with autism who are smart enough to learn to function normally won't even openly ID as an out and proud capitol-A autist so they don't get associated with these absolute dumbfucks because they were strong and capable enough to make something of themselves in spite of their disability and were handsomely rewarded for it. This, ironically, makes them far better than any autism supremacist could ever hope to be. 
And you're not elon. You're at best maybe some menial retail worker, perhaps some other variety of tax dollars drain like the average NEET here.
You're joking? "Autistic nationalism" was only made in the last year or so because some autistic faggots applied their movietalk mental script on wignat talking points.
Even worse, also I remembered incorrectly kek
If this happens it will be a repeat of the debate over what to do and call islamic terrorism. But there has to be a 9/11 event first. Basically some deranged autistic faggot is going to have to kill a bunch of people in the name of Aspergia or whatever the hell they choose to call themselves. In all honesty, if you're retarded and insane enough to pledge adherence to "autistic nationalism" you're already most of the way there to doing a massacre, so this is gonna happen sooner rather than later. Hell, there is one schizo autist with a history of psych ward stays who challenged Autism Speaks to a fistfight over twatter, then proceeded to drive across state lines to tresspass on their office space in the middle of the night when they wouldn't respond to obviously stupid demands. 
The framework for the tactical counter-terrorism response is already there since the FBI is so practiced in community infiltration and agitation techniques from the last 20+ years (arguably autism groups are easier since you don't even have to learn a new language, and their psychology is easy to exploit) and anonymous tiplines autists tend to get themselves ensnared in when they piss off their IRL associates are now an accepted part of policing. I'm sure there will be groups like autism speaks warning against using the term "Autistic Terrorism" much like how mosques did the same for "Islamic Terrorism", but people are gonna call it what it is anyways.
Damn. Sauce? Originally?
Wait, I thought you wanted to make it uh-llegal to mock asspies? This is the best you could come up with? OMG I'm sooooooooo scared!!!!
wyerframez
What leads you to believe that's not what I am? Do you think I walk around all day unmasked? Please. I'm not a fool with an Undertale t-shirt and Hololive figures on my work desk.
I still carry my scars, though. I know who NTs really are, but I also know how easy you are to manipulate. How to appeal to your desire to appear more moral than you actually are. You swore some oath in front of your parents to serve the ancient Jewish ghost of morality (or at least pay it lip-service) and if we make slandering autism an amoral act, you will actively try to out-moralize your neighbor at who can love the autistic more. It's hilarious, and I love watching you grit your teeth and pretend to adore something you hate. The next generation, however, will actually love us (by your example, thank you). And we shall have our "A-word" once and for all.
What power? Most autists are un/underemployed neets. The few in powerful/technical positions are only there because they learned to mask well enough that their coworkers begrudgingly tolerate them for the minuscule value they provide. The moment they become too much trouble they get mobbed right out onto the street then back to the former category. And they're right: nowadays most innovation is done with whole teams of people, which means you need social skills to get anywhere. The days of the lone genius tinkering in his lab all by himself are long over. Basically autists' social incompetence is holding them back from achieving anything.
Nice delusions of grandeur. Tell me when this autism fantasy comes to pass since it looks like things are going in the opposite direction (see red flag laws and PSA's that encourage SWATing autists).
Good thing they have guns and can keep killing you
Nta, but youre more retarded than the most autistic retards i ever met
true
humans are vicious animals
read John Gray Straw Dogs
Yes, this is what will make people love autists: death threats.
Hmmm, isn't today the anniversary of something?
The funny thing about Chris is that he's one of many, but the only one that's so heavily documented. 
I genuinely believe he will he studied for decades to come and taught in sociology and psychology classes. 
If your kids as autistic as him, don't give it unrestricted internet access.
Because the vast majority of them don't consider bawwtism their identity. It's a horrible disability, nothing more.
Don't really know anything about this autism nationalism thing, but I do approve of futa.
Kek
Some loser has been pushing this whole be as "autistic as possible as revenge on society" shit for the last few months. Most of the time he shills being over the top cheerful about your autistic special interest (no matter how inappropriate it is for a given context) to manipulate normies, but his posts ITT seem to indicate that he switched tactics, but some tell phrases are still the same like "carry my scars". 
I'm fairly certain he's a glownigger asset of some sort since he keeps pushing the revenge angle, important for grooming and radicalization, while suggesting methods that will obviously fail to dumbfucks that don't know any better so he can funnel them towards doing shit that will justify a raid. Their classic MO is to create their own plots to foil after all.
And these are the people you're so scared of, so stupid they actually make their own plans to fail.
I unironically think Barb did it one day and just told him it was a sitter. Not only would that be something she would do, but there was never any evidence at all that Roach person even exists, and given the fact literally anyone that so much as walked by him got doxxed one way or another, thats pretty damning.
He is still partly responsible though, at least for the more extreme stuff. He should have enough sense to at least call it quits after a fucking 13 year old made him shove his own medallion up his ass for a goddamn PSN account. If he can drive across multiple states by himself just for a lead on getting pussy, then he has the mental capacity to realize that maybe the whole internet thing is not going to work out for him if all he gets is fucked with. He went through some fucked up things and was basically doomed from the start, but he still poured gasoline on that fire. He knew this shit, he just did not care.
...that is the point. They don't want anyone but their mark to be in any actual danger. Hell, they're well-known for supplying fake bomb making chemicals and guns to literally retarded wannabe jihadis.
https://theintercept.com/2015/03/16/howthefbicreatedaterrorist/
This isn't even the only case btw.
Honestly this kind of highlights something normalfags are probably incapable of actually comprehending: just how much interpersonal abuse many autistic people grow up with as the norm in their interpersonal relationships
Are you saying the gov't should have given REAL explosive and guns to literally retarded wannabe jihadis?
