More or less what the post says. I am waiting until marriage.
I want a short chubby guy with a small penis BUT a great personality
surprisingly i would prefer a man whos had some type of experience with women before. i would like him to be dominant in most every aspect of the relationship but not in a retarded andrewtate way
lastly i would prefer him to be understanding of my inexperience and lack of sexuality, im not asexual or anything but penetration sex sounds really scary and tiring. ill still do it though for him obviously 
what about you amy?
'I'm insecure about competition from other girls but still want a good partner'
no girl is waiting for marriage, especially with you lol. she is just waiting for her ultra-giga chad. no girl wants to marry you because you're ugly and an autistic loser who browses 4chan
girls could get married tomorrow, its just their standards are really high. girls give it up to men they're actually attracted to, musicians, the football team, drug dealers, all the time
but not for you, because you are UGLY AND A LOSER. females can smell the years of no pussy on you from a mile away. they can smell your desperate pathetic demeanor. as hard as it is for you to believe, you are more repulsive to them than the absolute worst women in the world is for you
the only girls who would even entertain being with you are old used up fags who have been RAN THROUGH, are fat, and have a leathery face
see pic related? she doesnt want that shit
To a fucking currycel maybe LMAO.
This doesn't mean their standards are REALLY high.
Someone who doesnt watch porn and doesnt lust over whores and is modest and is redpilled and is virgin and khhv and never had a gf and wants kids with me and has eyes for me only
A cute, sweet religious girl who wants lots of kids and is waiting until marriage. That is more or less the gist of it. 
Are you religious? How old are you?
wtf is it with women and this insane level of jealousy? you whores are controlling af
Not gonna happen, Becky. Literally 0 chances, the sooner you accept it, the better.
The closest to this you can possibly get is a man who is in love with you, and you fuck him every day, then you ask him to stop watching porn for you, and he might.
19 catholic no hopes on marrying.
Im a whore? but youre the one watching them?? xD amd its completely normal when you love someone, youre just porn addicted
I dont care, id rather be alone than be with a porn addict who lusts over every female he sees, i cant handle it
NTA, but would you say it's reasonable to want him to not watch 3D porn but be totally okay with him jerking it to 2D of any kind?
Anything is reasonable to ask as long as now he has a healthy sex life with you.
I mean, I am Catholic and also fit that description. Would you like to talk on discord?
Ok but i highly doubt youre really like that. This may as well be a porn board ffs
You're right that I'm a porn addict and I'm proud
Maybe for women and insecure men. Unless my hypothetical gf is constantly checking out other dudes whenever we're in public, it doesn't matter to me if she used to watch porn before we were together
cowboy hubby. Need racist cowboy hubby. Need cowboy hubby who will go horseriding with me. Need cowboy hubby who can cook.
I came here to say exactly this.
But also, big cock. I don't care if it hurts, I want bragging rights.
And i do not care faggot
Well, i used to watch it, but quit and am abstinent now. I basically exercise 2 to 3 hours a day to keep my libido in check. But the temptation subsides after a while.
I just realised how retarded this looks, I am driven insane by cowboys
Well then no lol, you have to excersise to keep yourself from lusting... and previously watched it. anon.. id rather be alone and i accept it, people are too degenerate
I am sorry and wish I never watched pornography, but I like to think I am wholesome and put my energies into productive ventures. Part of being a Christian is forgiving people for their mistakes and giving them chances if they are reformed. I have waited until marriage my whole life and had to turn down offers of sex several times.
Bumping thread with cute nerdy waifu
Women don't wait for marriage. That is a meme cucked Christian men have perpetuated. Laying claim to a woman like that is a cope for being a beta all your life.
This, I met a Catholic girl here who told me she was waiting for marriage, but dumped me for not fucking her after she dropped many hints to that end. Women are morally bankrupt and mentally weak.
Well idc I will wait for marriage, because that is what I want to do
Morals are a manmade creation designed for the purposes of controlling populations and keeping society stable.
If you think in terms of morals, you are cucking yourself.
What everyone wants is the most attractive mate that will realistically be loyal to them. That's all.
Not being broke also helps because people need a place to live and food to eat.
Stop larping as a moralfag.
And the great thing is you will be alone. That's a good thing. More women dying single and alone is doing us wonders.
if your waiting for marriage is not based on a religious view on the proper role of sex then I really doubt that you are going to manage to fight off the temptation of fornicating (sex outside marriage) with your partner.
waiting before marriage is not virtuous like virginity. It should be your default attitude in life until you find your vocation (aka what you want to do with your life).
I'm this but my penis is average sized
I changed my mind. I want chad
If you're still here, what's your country? I'm being honest I fit all these criteria.
Religious, at work most of the day, kind and understanding but doesnt have to do much more than provide for me.
For appearence; dark eyes and dark hair, not fat.
you are not going to find a girl/boy in 4chan; and if you do it's a bad decision. Your partner should help you reach sanctification, and if you both share the same vices (by the two being on 4chan you probably do) then you are just going to amplify them. 
Ideality, you would want a partner that has never even heard of 4chan, or as little as possible, and you yourself should try to be as little as possible on this site, if your goal is a to find a partner.
But it is not by your will that you will find one. You should make yourself available, in the mean time, by exercising and training the virtuous, the rest is patience
Not watching porn seems to be so cliche on this board Im convinced its some tranny larp at this point. 
But I guess I am also not interested in waiting for marriage. Sexual compatibility is too important of a factor to create a lifelong commitment before knowing if you are. I'd just wait till we know each other well enough, like from 3-6 months desu.
Also my requirements for men are pretty simple: pretty, nice, has some interests, has a job , and is submissive socially and switch in bed, not a junkie. Dont care if he is short, coomer or dumb.
It was definitely a larp at some point, but by now I wouldn't be surprised if some retards picked it up unironically.
wrong. they are children, and like children, cannot make moral decisions. they dont have moral agency
its is only males who are morally bankrupt, because only males can make moral decisions. and all of you are morally bankrupt, because all of you eat meat and abuse innocent animals
