Serious question. And it's not all brown people per se, there are some at work that are somewhat enjoyable to be around. Mostly, I hate brown people that are young adults and children. The older ones (50's, 60's, etc.) I actually don't mind. They are usually alright, except for the homeless ones. The ones at work break this age rule as many of them are in their 20's and 30's, but I still like working with them. I do not know why this is so specific. Other rule exceptions are certain actors such as Samuel L. Jackson. It is not a thing of attraction, but rather a scale of repulsion. I cannot put my finger as to why these exact preferences or levels of hatred exist.
On the whole they're just shitty people. Tacky, materialistic, no integrity, high crime rate, always follow the most basic left-wing social movements. Immigration was a mistake.
I cant really answer this because minorities dont make me irrationally angry but it took me until until my early 20s to realize why men who walk around with their hands balled up in a fist would make so irrationally angry.
Why do men who walk around with their hands balled up into fists make you angry, anon?
What?
Yeah the ones at work are usually in their 20's and 30's and honestly they're funny and alright to be around. Out in general public though I do not like the ones in that age group. Perhaps it is the semi-professional environment that demands restraint that perhaps curbs the unlikeable behavior?
because they outcompete you, and remind you of your racial inferiority.
Self loathing can be a powerful drug
I don't like em because they have a bad history of shitting up cartoons I like
RIP Scooby Doo
Its body language that implies aggression basically. I never knew why I would get so fucking pissed around people that would do that and it finally dawned on me. And to clarify im not talking about some carpal tunnel ridden boomer who worked on an assembly line and his hand is permanently stuck in the shape on an impact handle
could it be something a "young adult brown person" did to you in the past?
not to be a "pseudo-psychologist" but the way our brains respond to things that happened to us in the past is by searching for patterns and getting us avoid that thing that ticked us off in the past. it doesn't even have to be something serious.
right now, I fucking hate old black women, because an old black woman didn't say "thank you" to me on drive thru today.
it doesn't even have to be something they "did to you". just anything that set you off in any one way or another.
Idk you tell me homie ;)
No woman actually wants this, but go ahead and keep spamming your one pic.
Replacement migration ? 
I'm original like that
Tell yourself that, ive never once pulled out btw i fuck to breed
Low IQ moment.
Lmao ur a dumb one arent ya?
Chances are whoever is capable of holding down a job at least has some good qualities. it might serve as a filter.
Nice gif. What website did you get it from? Blacked?
It's all they have to convince themselves they're desirable.
Lol keep copin, I am always a white girls first darkie n I am the best theyve had
I am always a white girls first darkie
Meaning they're not getting with many? Not sure if that helps your argument.
They're either virgins or lying then. Wouldn't be a big surprise, since women tend to not want to piss men off.
I fucked the girl shes bragging too along with her shortly after ;)
But when they do, theres no turning back. My name is branded on alot of white girls asses, and my dna is in em
This could be ur future wife bro n she'd never tell ya
No thanks. Not making that mistake is one of the reasons white people keep doing well.
I have an adorable white trad christian gf who ive brought up well. Shes agreed to be bred already, obeys, listens, cooks, dresses proper, got into a good career, wants nothing more than a family
Keep dreaming. The absolute state of non-whites' delusions. It's getting embarrassing at this point. No amount of porn spam is gonna change reality and no tradwife is gonna go for someone who is gonna leave her a single mother.
 I hate younger brown people who can compete with me
Here's why: it's because you're an animal like everyone else. You're not special, it's not something mystical, you're just a fucking ape and you've been conditioned this way 
 But not the older ones that don't pose any threat
Here's why: it's because you're an animal like everyone else. You're not special, it's not something mystical, you're just a fucking ape and you've been conditioned this way 
 I cannot put my finger
Here's why: it's because you're an animal like everyone else. You're not special, it's not something mystical, you're just a fucking ape and you've been conditioned this way 
It's because you're forced to give them a chance and actually interact with them.
Also, your work preselects for people who generally have a similar education level as you or perhaps higher. None of this is that confusing, you're just an idiot. 
I don't like white trailer trash and Slav refugees but the white people in work with are great.
yeah brown people fucking suck, indians smell like shit and niggers are just uncivilized
You act like its hard to manipulate women LOL. Get your dick wet, spend time around girls, and start learning their sentience. Till then this bull will stay raw dogging ur race out of existence
This guy's hot
Unironically
U just cant match up to these genes broskie. I am the one pumping white prime pussy, n ur not cumskin ;)
dude you're describing whiteys. we are historically the most materialistic race and the absolute most inclined to social justics movements. i mean check the rates of "nonbinary" (aka internet addiction making people halfway trans which is not, and will never be a fucking thing) in every other race but whites. >high crime rates Have you heard of the shoplifting trend among high school girls right now? I once watched a 3 hour "borrowing tutorials" compilation, and it was al whites.
Cope.
Enjoy your STDs or delusional fantasies. You're here alone and jacking off like the rest of us.
you do sound rather autistic
