I'm tired of being lonely and miserable all the time. I'm tired of feeling like I'm unimportant and replaceable. I just want a friend, to be loved, to feel like my existence matters to the world.
I can't do this anymore. I can't do any of the things I enjoy because I have no one to do them with. I can't do things alone because that's what I've been doing my entire life. I'm not used to being alone.
When does my real life begin? I'm tired of this.
I just cast a witchcraft spell that will curse you with 10 more years of desolation and isolation. And, in another 10 years, I will cast it again, and again.
Find God and sort yourself out.
You need to externalize your locus of control so you can get back control of your life. The mindset of 'waiting for life to start' is the core of the problem, at least the part of it that you can address. Your life starts when you decide it starts. 
I shared my immunity dog protection with him so your curse backfired on you, sorry anon.
OP i cast a counterspell to protect you dw and i just put a reminder on my phone to cast another one in ten years
I don't believe in God. I just want someone to love me so I can start loving myself.
I'm tired of hating myself. I'm tired of the world hating me for being friendless and single.
I meant to say you need to *internalize* your locus of control, mb
My life can't start until other people let it start. I want to interact with people so I can learn from the experience, grow, and mature.
But nobody will let me be their friend, and never has, so I can never grow past the mentality of a child. 
I hate being a near 30 year old with the mental and emotional maturity of a small child, but that's what isolation does to a person.
Like I said, you need to internalize your locus of control. You likely are very emotionally immature, but even if that's true, that doesn't mean you can't mature. Unironically meet people from /soc/ to learn how to socialize better. A few years ago I was in a similar position and made a post there asking for someone to talk to me on discord voice so I could learn to be less socially retarded. You need to make deliberate and sustained attempts at self improvement, and it's going to be hard and full of failure. However, it will be so worth it in the long term. Every year since I did that 4 years ago, at least socially, I can look back a year and see how I'm improved every single time. I was literally afraid to talk to girls 4 years ago, and now can do it with ease. That doesn't mean things will always go smoothly, but even if I'm not a Casanova now, I am compared to who I was 4 years ago.
Even if I improve, I'll still be behind most people my age, who have decades more experience than me. Improving does nothing for you if you're still worse than most people.
