That's right, women do not want ricecel cucks.
clip from europe
indians are considered 'asians' in europe
old clip
mindbroken from koreans
rent free
Damn ricebro. That vid must've hit you even harder than OP intended.
I'll give you my Discord if you wanna vent. It really is a brutal blackpill for ricecels.
Seethe cope kys ricecel
cope, im a white girl, and i worship asian men
What game is yhis?
Its ok ricecels, one day your race will inherit the earth, and there won't be any white women left to reject you. :^)
Jap girls and Latinas love Asian dudes, we will be alright
YWNBAW
ricecel delusions
They get so angry because women find asian men attractive, especially now. It hurts their ego and destroys their entire world view. My only bf was asian, and every other guy i've ever had a crush on was asian as well.
Ricecels sucking each other's dicks now huh?
Must really be tough out there
come to Korea, I'll treat you right.
whites always have been the gold standard, save for the traumatized women who crave bbc. always has been over for the ricecel, though Kpop has saved the light skin ricecel. if you are colored asian you've already known your whole life that no one wants you
pretty much the most accurate statement
Not even white men find their own women attractive kek. You all want Asian chicks. Just admit Asians are superior buddy, you worship us and crave our superior genes.
More like White women dont find White men attractive.
Disclaimer I am a virgin loser. But I have normie white friends who get with asian bitches and its pretty much a given that white guys get with asians because they want white colonizer dick and its easy af. Basically fetishism desk
What are you talking about white women are pretty much the gold standard. Why do you think niggers wear wigs to look like them and Asians get surgery to look like them?
gold standard
https://youtu.be/HjSh_esW9W4?t=70 [Embed]
70% of white males are obese or overweight, nobody actually thinks you are the most attractive race anymore kek, maybe if you stop eating like a pig
