<comment>
i think today i will learn about theodicies, the evil god challenge, and the nature of good and evil
also i would like to question my intuitive feelings of what an afterlife justiec would look like, so i want to look at various religions and try to get a understanding of how justice works for them
i will do this while fasting and playing world of warcraft. just farming mounts, because im tired of m+. this season i got to 2970 io, but i got burned out of m+, so im just hard chilling farming mounts. i have like 300 out of 800. doing a lot of daily oriented ones, like the argent tournament or the garison stables ones. im a mount farming noob, but its fun for me, and i have a dora-the-explorer attitude when it comes to videogames
me when i get a new mount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBCw4_XgouA [Embed]
<comment>
What do you know about the Beatitudes?
<comment>
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.
theres no justification for believing this. this is wishful thinking at best, and deceptive lies used to manipulate people to have hope at worst
Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.
i dont know why you would think this
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the Earth.
yeah, jeremy meeks
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be satisfied.
this brings up the problem of evil, and i have to throw away all my natural intuitive feelings on moral and justice because that contradicts with my logical thoughts on the subject, and i dont trust my moral intuition
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
im particularly cynical of this one, because of how much suffering we cause to animals. how can any of you delusional apes consider yourself merciful if you eat meat? i hate being associated with delusional christians like this, im glad i dont believe this trash
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
i dont know what pure means, but im cynical more than anyone
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called the Sons of God.
cool, but i dont know why anyone would care what they are called. i was called every insult you can think of, and i still dont even care
Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.
more wishful thinking. i dont know why you would think this
Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me.
because of me
theres this inherent ego dickriding in christianity that is unsettling to me. i dont trust jesus, who cut kid's dick skin off, ate animals, and got his dick ridden all day
Rejoice and be glad, because great is your reward in heaven, for in the same way they persecuted the prophets who were before you...
evidence for this where?
overall, pipedream/10
<comment>
this world is considered worthy of bringing into existence by god, and god has the power to bring about justice, but doesnt, and doesnt give us any good reason to believe our conception of justice will come about
maybe this world is already just
mabye might makes right, its justice when chad bullies you to suicide and fucks your oneitis and dumps her, and gets rich later in life
maybe its good and just that we exploit and kill so many millions of innocent animals
i just cant trust my moral intuition, because theres a biological incentive for me to be delusional about it. most people have cognitive dissonance on this subject, and i think are delusional. and i think its arrogant of me to think im the one not delusional on it
thats why i dont trust any of my intuitive moral feelings, like child murder is morally wrong. i honestly throw all if it in the trash, where it belongs
this makes it very hard to try to get a comprehension of what justice would look like to god, but i think im correct in thinking like this
