I wish instead of jacking off and watching porn for the past 10 years I actually did interesting things like go fishing or hiking.
Nothing stopping you now.
Not really going to fish at 3am before falling unconscious.
I would legit rather watch porn than go hiking and I would argue with someone if they tried to tell me to my face otherwise. At least there's a chance I might find something exciting in the porn.
fishing and hiking are not interesting things
go do them right now and you will see !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I'd be interested in doing those things too, mainly hiking, but there's too many prerequisites to that. You need:
a car to get you to the locations to do these activities
knowledge of handling those equipments
a job where you can afford to pay for a car and crazy gas prices
I literally only get because I don't have a car and cut down on all those expenses. I want to fish but I don't want to become even poorer by re-investing into a car
Meant to say mainly fishing, not hiking. Fishing is way more cool than hiking
hiking is free you fucking retard you dont need any of that shit
Unironically just play video games with good fishing games instead.
Fishing sounds cool in theory but in reality you're just fucking sat their with your thoughts wondering why you're even bothering.
stupid retard you can just go hike the sidewalks of American suburbia
Closest state park is 40 minutes, by car.
Fishing sounds cool in theory but in reality you're just fucking sat their with your thoughts wondering why you're even bothering.
This is already what I do for at least 3+ hours a day between work and vidya. Would be cool to catch some fish while contemplating the anarchy of the universe
Nothing will ever be as enjoyable as sex. If you're young and your dick still works, it's hard to justify spending your time any other way.
Thats why you bring beer and a friend
Jerking off isn't sex. If you're jerking off to porn, you're basically a cuck. Put the porn down and go fuck a woman. Even an ugly woman is better than jerking off.
Sex kind of sucks. As a guy you have to do all the work so after 20 minutes I'm sweating and tired and then the next day I wake up with sore adductors
you're a cuck if you don't spend your time and energy chasing ugly women
The pleasure is the same either way. In fact, I'd argue that jerking off to beautiful women actually feels better than fucking ugly fat chicks, and it's free. But you keep spooking yourself with that cuck fear rhetoric.
Thread has turned into a discussion on sex
Why
jerking off only takes a minute. you didn't do those things because you're a depressed lazy piece of shit, faggot.
i went fishing and hiking.
also jacked off pretty much every single day. drugs and drink too. tallest mountain i climbed i was kinda hungover from the previous day, do not recommend.
i dont get how much of animal you have to be that wanking becomes a serious problem in your life.
I can tell you one thing from experience, anon.
You could have had it all!
Especially nowadays with smartphones.
You could've jacked off while watching porn during many activities:
- Driving
- Hiking
- Fishing
- Swimming
- On the beach
- Camping
- Riding a bus/train
- etc.
I should know, I've done them all.
A good wank takes 5-10 minutes, if you're not into it just to cum (way faster then) or to kill time (way longer). 
You're on a hike? Had a short stop to look at the scenery/eat something? Great, crank one out. Well, be mindful of others, of course.
This anonbro is showing you the way...
Although I personally don't do the drugs/drink part, but you're a grown-up man, you can do your life choices.
It's never too late to start, bro.
