You might as well log on to Amazon, buy a chastity cage, and wear it 24/7. She doesn't want YOU, she NEEDS a REAL. MAN!
That's fine by me. I Don't want her anyways. I have 99 problems and women ain't one of them.
YWNBAW
NIGGER
KILL YOURSELF
Yes, OP it's perfectly reasonable and nothing suspicious is going on.
Not a bait.
Pinkie swear.
Lol
Orogooraldd
Cope White male suicide will always be hilarious to society
left - man who worked tirelessly all day
right - lazy bum
It's not very funny to me
Kek keep coping
More like the average white boy vs the below average black man
You are mentally ill Moshe. Take your meds please
A dick that big would actually make sex difficult and uncomfortable. For most women it would be painful. There's a huge chunk of women that would rather the left (if the guy attached was good looking)
LMAO the whitoid cope!
Lmfao noone cares neanderthal. White males make up 70% of all daily suicides despite being only 32% of the population. The best part is nobody cares. When asked about the declining white population majority of society is either happy or uncaring. Asians in particular are elated when asked about the declining white population. Keep crying while society celebrates white male suicide lmfao
Oh look a worm is wiggling.
It's almost there isn't hook behind it.
Almost.
I hate kikes so fucking much
kill yourself nigger lover your "psyop" is garbage and niggers will always be literal animals
KILL ALL NIGGERS
DEATH TO ALL NIGGERS
NIGGER MONKEY DEATH
Not really cope considering I have plenty of bodies. It's just a fact. Obviously some girls will want a bigger dick, some will want a smaller dick. Having a small dick is by no means a good thing. But there are some girls with extremely shallow and tight vaginas who don't like giant dick. 6-8 inches is probably the best of both and the best size. Giant donkey dicks are good for chicks with giant asses to get past the fat but other than that will be painful to most normal women who aren't sex freaks. But dick size is not really relevant to having lots of sex because women care far more about face, body type, voice and personality. Thin white emo guys with abs get the most pussy hands down.
