<comment>
Oh you have a gf but it's all going towards cold resentment for each other, a "dead bedroom" scenario and you are more like strangers or colleagues exchanging of services at this point?
Im sorry but that's not what I'm talking about. You should have seen the signs and left her a long time ago.
Oh but then you will be an "incel" just like me and everyone else here if you do that? Too bad.
I know what I want in life. I have a 4000 word essay on my computer about what exactly I would want out of an relationship if I ever have one. It's the most basic and reasonable text you will ever read, you won't read it though, no one will because no one cares or will belive me that this is what my end goal is. Normies will just make excuses or paint me in a bad light, call me a creep or misrepresent my very carefully written text to absolute hell before acknowledging that they simply have a fried brain.
I can not prove to anyone that if I got a gf who only is concerned about my loving touch, and me providing such, that it literally would make me have zero problems left in my life ever from that point. I can not prove it because people belive in shit like a honeymoon phase instead of seeing their mental illness for what it is.
If you have a loving gf who is intoxicated with your physical presence, your hands and body as a man you have by definition no problems in the real world.
Oh such a girl doesn't exist and only exist in this spooky honeymoon phase and then they all turn into hags and are the same?
Interesting view, have you considered you are seeing ghosts aswell or are those not real while the cloud man in the sky on top of your office building whispering into your ears to chase invisible points is?
Things can be hard, like a workout can be hard, but you have no problems really. All that is left is for you to understand is your own mind. Either by your own strength or with some help.
<comment>
real schizo hours begin
<comment>
Agreed, instead of a horrid woman, get a loving dog wife.
<comment>
Drop the wife part.
If you want companionship get a pet, dogs are great.
Romance is quite literally and unironically dead.
