The gookcel future.
not super smart? you're worthless
don't look like a model? you're worthless
the future of men from first world countries is looking grim
Its based. Young men all over the world should be encouraged to kill themselves.
all over the world 
not happening in shitskin countries, they multiply like rabbits
not happening in shitskin countries
They are actually doing a very good job of it too, but you cucks pay NGOs to fish them out of the water
JUST BE KOLEAN ILON LAAAAWWW ILON LAAAAAWWWW MAYOCELS SEEETHIIIIING
denmark has the highest living standards
people get payed to study
highest happiness index
work week is like 40 hours
Gooks in shambles
Danish girls are getting bred by BKC daily. 
I rode a Danish horse, super easy. Sexually liberated western girls are the best.
Why do Danish horses love Korean cock so much? Why are they not attracted to their own men?
Kek
Gookcel absolutely FOAMING after getting BTFO by danish viking CHAD
South Korea has the highest suicide rate in the OECD
In Korea, the consumption of antidepressants is lower than the average that of OECD European countries
they just don't take their meds
Does anyone know why Danish girls love Asian cock so much?
Are Danish men so unattractive to them, that even 3/10 Asian dudes can fuck cute danish girls?
If she gave her virginity to an average Chinese dude, imagine if she came to Korea and saw all the Korean Chads. She would be foaming at the pussy.
danish guys are beta sissies
t. danish fembot
gookcel MINDBROKEN by danish vikings
Topkek
look up article
from last year
very short
pretty much just shows the data of that, blames the economics and then also mentions them as the #1 in not having babies
Korea is the dystopia that people some times think Japan is.
Even if you are super smart, you're still worthless to some greedy suit. It's unironically ogre for the first world. Men have never been more disposable and lonely, almost all male spaces have been destroyed or co-opted and there's a serious lack of community. No mentors for the young either. Society shot itself in the foot by betting big on women.
I hate articles that don't specify which korea
Say SOUTH korea cunts
he has posting here for 16 hours straight
Jesus dude, your life must be hell. Locked in your room all day posting racebait.
whiteboys when they see JBK threads
SK women are the worst. They're like western women, but somehow even worse. Now they're all getting tattoos and piercings too.
When in doubt assume Kim was unlikely give numbers. Unless they are looking good and bragworthy
even spics have bigger dicks than Danes and its also larger proportional to their bodies
KEK oh no danebros
gookcels when they see white CHAD with their women
oh no no no no bros, tiny korea cock spammer on SUICIDE WATCH AGAIN
