Just had a haircut edition
'aircut
I run Sunderland
Plan to have a good sesh over Angela later if that's alright with you delads
Good choice. Angela is god-tier
Going to donate my load to a hot trans x
I could deck you pussies any day.
Not fault didn't plan on having a drink did I
You're an alcoholic and a drug addict so get in there
Angela is the GOAT porn goddess, no doubt, not even close.
However lately I've been really getting into babecock gooning seshes. Can heartily recommend.
I've been unemployed for 3 years.
All kicked off. Not going to CEX now.
Am fumiing. It all Britfeel fault x
Not a fan of this new hhl arc tbqh, only been at it for a couple of hours and it's already grown stale. Britfeel writers team need to sort their act out, just phoning it in at this point. Maybe we need a new character, or one of the characters could die to great fanfare.
My uncle has literally never had a job and all his friends are the same. They're just fully grown men who signed up to bennies when they were 18 and just never came off. They're in their fifties. It's so incredibly pathetic. They're all 'off' a bit as well when you interact with them, like not exactly autism but just like they're slow and never learnt how to run their own lives.
Mam just just put the phone down on me said I'm too drunk. Just want to go CEX to sell me Samsung S10. It all Britfeel fault.
Phwoar get in there lad. I had a good wank over Lara Lopes the other day, a lovely massive-cocked slut.
Seen the babecock threads in /gif/ lad? May be of interest to you. Usually TikTok thots
You upgrading to a S23?
Nah already got a S22. Just want to sell me S10 for some extra coin x
He's been doing the same getting drunk then pretending to have a weltdown routine for years now
The same lad that was offering to fight everyone can't go to CEX on his own.
Yeah browse them every now and then, but I get most of my goon content on twitter, discord and imagefap; much better communities imo.
It's mad how you can never work a day in your life despite having nothing physically or mentally wrong with you.
Oi, HelperLad! I fucked your mum, right up her arse haha!
Thats only in UK though that we allow the system to be abused
It's pretty easy if you are willing to go on all the job search courses the job centre force on you
Exactly. They're just these nobodies, these zeros barely scraping by and just milling around all day, yet the state sees fit to give them an obviously livable wage taken from productive people. They're the kind of people who always 'have a story' about why they can't work or what's wrong with them this week medically, or why they find it difficult to 'get my head in line to write a CV, but I will next week for sure'. I've never known them to visit the jobcentre either, are they just legacied in and can't legally be denied bennies because of muh human rights?
Finishing off this wine now. Will never admit how weak I am. Simple as x
Garn pay with what you done to me. Humiliated me. I never forget x
You should quit alcohol for all of may, can you do it?
Have you ever had a job helper lad? Out of curiosity. I'm on my break rn, it's shit
A Neil Young cover for the lads
https://voca.ro/1a3CjnPNiA0M
Get a job mate
How it should be x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErtPOyeMqf4 [Embed]
Pure class guitarlad
Is that you playing the harmonica too?
Fair enough I'm wissed. But I didn't plan on getting on the wooze today. My aunty encouraged it all. She gave me the wokkle of wine after we drank the wokkle of whiskey x
I still do what I plan to do today. Alcohol will never beat me.
No time for traitors x
I wank from home, lad
Never been on bennies in my life
Thank you matey
Yeah it is, was quite unhappy with it but couldn't be arsed to rerecord
Finishig off me wine then I'm garn spoons me. Done with the lot of ya.
This is the sort of post I want to be seeing on my computer screen
Tried to make you pro-White but won't listen. Just sheeple. Corrupted by porn. Corrupted by mainstream media.
What chance did I stand in making you see sense.
Well don't blame me. Get on with it.
It's all fun and games lmao.
Will let the real ones who I feel. Who know who you are &lt;3
Sorry city of fools. Get below me where you belong!!!!
Guess I was wrong about this city. What a letdown. Not only have you letdown me but you have letdown our ancestors too. What have you done?
Such a shame.
Well that's it then I know who stand where I stand xxx
Will always have my comrade (you know who you are) with me. 
My close family fembers are on board x
I'll speak to me Mam in the morning x
Europe will rise again. Trust me lids!
And step out of the way!
Just watch eh. And I'm watching... never forget..x
https://youtu.be/HBAdbxjbTM0 [Embed]
Guess who's back though. 
That's right me. I've awoken form a slumber. It really is me MarmiteMan4. Something has called me back to awake.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN NOW AS I AM CRASHING OUT SOON BUT I AM TAKING YOU WITH ME X
Get the ol' YouTube channel back up lid. We need you now more than ever.
I know lid. Everyone look up to me now.
I'll deal with me issues first then I'll move on to you frens. I'll see you on the other side. Btw I know there's a very cute girl who likes you &lt;3
Want to be with here I can set that up no problem.
Make the move first. She is very shy. She is pure Aryan. 19 year old. Go for it.
Britfeel is basically Welper's schizo blog now
Another edict! Do not get involved in Ukraine vs Russia!
National Comrades! Traitors have striked at the heart of our Reich in our midst!!!! Hitler is dead!! Murdered not by enemies but one of our own!! Obergruppenfuhrer John Smith!
Mad how there's no foot/tranny spam whilst hhl is posting on trip.
You'd almost think there's a connection.
Time for bed helper
Get to bed, you daft twat
Helper, do you know who John Winthrop is?
He said he was going rehab, what happened?
HHL meltdown on Hitler's birthday. Very ironic.
Seen nothing yet. Still got some wine to finish yet. You are coming down with me.
Have you spent all night drinking wine?
I'm the king of the kings. I rule over all i Sunderland x
ES IST ALLES MEINS. FICK DAS OT. DIES IMMER DIE WELPER-WELT. KOMMEN SIE AN BORD ODER GEHEN SIE MIR AUS DEM WEG!
Lmao, you don't say...
You're safe to do what you want do do.
I want to speak to Rufus Sewell now.
Does anyone have a personal contact number for comrade Rufus Sewell??
Nice one Bruce x
Aww mate better garn in my bank anarl. Need a new fridge-freezer me x
I'm sure you'll get yours too lid
fridge-freezer on for free
Aye finishing off that wine now. Aww mate family not happy with me one with bit. Went too hard last last. It all Britfeel fault x
No one can say what's been said after this here.
That's me done. Tried me best,
Good luck but I'm garn for some scran then I'm to off the bank. Bye Bye x
Dont forget to take the Wamsung S10 to CEX
I came off uc the other week but still got the text. What are the chances they'll send it and then demand I pay it back?
Fucking hell what a drama queen Sean is. Proper melodramatic little emo lad, it's embarrassing.
With all due respect to HHL. I never fell into degeneracy. God willing HHL manages to overcome his rampant degeneracy
do they have dosser wives and gfs too?
Just taking some time off my first Gooning shift to make some lunch. Been gooning since 9am. It so wovely, it so wanky. My tenga egg subscription came in the post this morning too so have been luxuriating in some of the most heavenly goon sessions.
Heading back into the Goon Cave at 4pm to resume gooning till about 9pm.
And it's lush, I mean lush.
It's a hard old goon but somebody has to fucking do it.
Cheers x
I mean, you need to proper diet to really get the most out of your goon sessions and a zinc supplement is a minimum requirement.
No nasty fast food for me my lads only lots of fresh fruit and vegetables with wholemeal carbs and fresh meat from the butchers.
Lots of hydration and minerals for me, my leeeeed
no tiny spaffs for me my liiiiddddd
Wow 300 quid, that's at least 3 days of wanking from home for me. Corr.
Alri good lad get in derre
I wonder if SSM goons
High desu lad
I wonder more generally if older lads wank as much (or at all) as lads in their 20s and 30s.
You've done no such thing, you received no such item and you won't be doing anything like that later today.
You're just browsing 4chan and Youtube videos which you then close after a couple of minutes before loading up one of the games you got for free on Epic Games, before deciding you don't fancy playing that after all and heading back to Youtube.
Had two of those Goodfella's pizza pockets and can now feel the shittingtons coming on strong
There's a great deal of projection in this post lad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1wcilQ58hI [Embed]
It blew up....
Super cold white chocolate buttons that have been in the fridge for hours
waiting for :) &lt;3
SSM got 1.2 million views on TikTok in 3 just weeks. Mad
Get in goonbro. 
I had an appointment this morning and needed to take care of some stuff this afternoon. I'll be pumping from 5 to 9.
Shagged a bird so hard last night my cock is still sore. What a fahkin tart she was. Told me to stick my thumb up her arse.
Why did he delete his tiktok channel only to create a new one the next day?
Hope HHL joins us later tonight. He so womfy
Because he was drunk
Am at spoons me. Fuck it having a trekkie brekkie. Been city hall x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho2iNKW9lK8 [Embed]
We all trekkie brekkie in life x
Can really see how much he is receding now hes shaved his hair off
Lad you need to course-correct your life. I'm serious, you seem like a decent guy but you're all over the place. Drinking, doing drugs, totally fucked sleep schedule, getting unhealthy meals all the time (would be curious for an estimate of how many wizzas you've eaten across your whole life) etc. etc.
Because DWP are going to stop paying him with all the undeclared income he's getting so he has to stay under the radar.
He was complaining no one is watching his new TikTok videos or subscribing to him earlier
He was expecting every video he posted to go viral kek
Another day when I can't do me running cause I gotta work two jobs in a day. Fuck sake.
Now I'm getting ready for 17:00 till close at the restaurant. 
Might have to treat meself to a bit of music gear or summat. The Teenage engineering Pocket Operator units look really fun!
Hypothetically if SSM released a sex tape, free of charge, would you watch it?
SSM anal fucking Ruth and coating her bowels with his splooge
Britfeel National Party
He's been up all night too. He's on the wokey you just know he is.
There's no rules when you're a NEET lad.
Do spoons even serve breakfast at this time?
Watched the space x launch thing today. I dislike Musk, I don't think people should be spending billions on 'le interplanetary travel' meme, it was basically a colossal waste of money and resources and of course that rockers aren't a new thing. Man has made it to the moon. But watching it moved it me in a weird way, maybe it was the fact that people can build rockets like this. Insane to me, and insaner still that rocket launching from the conception of air vehicles were only a few decades apart.
all day breakfast int it
Poor Charlie. A grown man in his forties harassing some young adults minding their own business. You can tell deep down he is a lonely man who craves to have a friend group like that. He never did. Instead he copes by seeking attention in obnoxious ways. A narcissistic man who often picks on vulnerable members of society couldn't realise he took a big L here.
I feel sorry for the lonely soul. These kids have love and friendship, arguably the most important things that makes a man functional and moral. The shell of a human filming them is filled with hate and wants to make others suffer. The amount of jealously and rage he must be feeling to do such a thing...it must be a very depressing life he leads when he's not filming people.
If everyone behaved like these, there would be no Charlies, no ABs and pranksters. As the older generations die out, we will slowly start seeing people having more respect towards others sexuality and genders.
https://youtu.be/nvRuiGZSGa0 [Embed]
Are DJ finally posting an interesting video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJzIbQy3P7s [Embed]
He is a real fucking saddo. Genuinely a very dislikeable person. No idea how someone let him have kids with them. I wish he'd get badly beaten up by someone.
If he read this post he'd call me an intolerant lefty kek
i actually have unironically done this while drunk
why they doin that outside a police station
The little grumpy jobsworth in this. 
jealous dickhead.
Because they can and they aren't scared of tyrant 40 year old manchild auditors
cracks me up when he screams at them to get back to work kek
Thought his girlfriend split up from him and went to another man. There's also some shady things about him trying to groom a teenager some years ago.
I find the concept of auditors hilarious, kind of like sovereign citizens in the US. They just go up to random people minding their own business and purposefully cause trouble by insisting they can enter restricted areas and that they can film people. They're going out to provoke reactions out of regular people who obviously get fed up with some sweaty, smelly, clearly unemployed and often overweight mong shoving a camera in their face and asking them questions over the specifics of privacy and trespassing law.
Makes me chuckle to think about them desu. Sad little men.
Bet he wanted to boot one right in the face. He couldn't let it go. You could feel the second hand embarrassment.
so is it them doing the auditing on the auditor?
Can't watch these auditors without cringing for them. They have to do this to feel powerful, to have any semblance of being a man. I image them checking the comments every time one is posted so they can puff out their chest, proud of themselves, their adoring followers admire their courage.
Simon the numpty
it's a very strange era to be in. a result of the clown world entitlement. At least in the USA, you can't trespass if the sign says so...it is a criminal matter and the cops can arrest for not providing details. Here it's only civil for most places.
This is one of the best auditing videos out there, he starts getting more and more nasty to try and get a reaction but they give him nothing. They must know he was an auditor right away.
The real tyranny is the anarcho-tyranny we have to live under.
Tried to trigger them using pronouns
Asking them if any of them are homosexual
Telling them their friend deserves to be arrested
Mocking them laughing like he's schoolboy in a play ground, and how old is he again? 
Maybe, he did ask them if they knew him, you know getting his famous buzz out of them, from their they blanked him and it destroyed his fragile ego.
ssm spam ends
audit spam starts
How do you get your gut to look like that? 
Excessive alcohol?
Wonder what time tranny spam lad starts his shift
Within the first 30 seconds he repeats what one of them says "you've heard a lot about me". From there its all down hill for his already inflated ego.
He is pretty well known up in the north and been on the news several times. My guess is they quickly made a decision to ignore him for a laugh. They know he cannot be reasoned with.
Alcohol, fast food and no exercise. The sort of lad that has fry ups every day and gulps down the ciders every night. He has no control and looks like he doesn't care.
The only non-cringe one is AB. At least he isn't always intentionally looking for trouble. He's a good person.
I can't watch them any more they are cringe babby men. They are fuck all without that camera in front of them. Read sad fuckers like car drivers that scream at bike riders be cause they are safe in their metal box.
The most depressing thing here is realising I never had any solid friends to hang out with. Very sad. It definitely fucks you up mentally once you get older and realise how much more fun people are having than you.
For me its TLA and AY. AB is overrated
What are you talking about? AB is one of the worst. Resorts to insults with his horrible bumfuck euroslav accent. DJ is probably the only semi watchable one as he mostly remains calm.
and the fact there's some average, balding ones there with girls makes me even more sad. It was a lot different in my day where people only were friends with other good looking people.
maybe you constantly judging people based on their appearance is why you never had friends
They look like students to me, even I had friends at uni. The only time in my life I did actually, it was so easy. Miss those days.
Those are aggressive ones. They try too hard. AY has a meltdown every time someone says something to him for his own safety. AB is calm and helps people.
How long have you been balding?
Must be a horrible feel to go full circle back to being a friendless loser. I feel ya.
Reminder that auditmong is a security guard that works until 6am on the night shift.
At least he has a job which is more than you
I'm not yet, but I am going gray though. Hate it.
DJ isn't calm when he's collaborating with others. Shows his true colours.
Back homes now. Had something eat at spoons. Even though I'm half-cut I rocked up at that city hall. I didn't let you down.
I'm on the up man x
How long since you slept? You were gonna go to bed at about 5am and didn't
I'm 54 this year lad and that has never been the case. What a grim LARP.
It sucks because if I wasn't so fixated on video games I probably could have had a chance. I wasn't all that bad looking, I had friends, I was at a good uni. But I threw it all away and failed out.
hhl in 10 years
What a grim LARP.
see
Nah all the girls felt special hanging out with tough guy attractive lads. Cruel fuckers that would insult you at any opportunity knowing they are protected by these lads if you say anything back.
how long have you been sat in your boxroom?
Why are you defending some random anon?
He might have a job which is more then I have but I'm not sat on here everyday posting whaaa whaaa tfw no gf or friends. I'm not repeating how I'm going to be an auditor and I'm not posting dire drivel about asmr streamers.
And now if you go back, you'll be seen as the older guy who others respect but wouldn't want to hang out with. I couldn't do it.
This shit LARP again
I don't have a job. He's making it up. I have not worked for many years. Some of you will have been in primary school when I gave up.
You're replying to a different anon now
And yes you are here all day every day
Don't care if you believe me or not lad, I was born in 1979 and having friends was never based on how good looking you were/are. What a load of wank that anyone would say this and expect it to be believable.
Thread was pretty comfy until about an hour ago
1979 would be 44
What a choon man.
I've tried me best man. I'm just living this life. I'm fighting the dying light. The clock is ticking x
My decisions today are so important. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EywnBaUBW-8 [Embed]
I wish I went and focused on education instead of coping with video games in my late teens. I remember being on Gears all day, every day for years. It's too late now I've realised you must keep up pace with others in your age group.
Stubby fingered drug addict
But it was. The geeky ones were often snobby and didn't care to include you. Everyone else was dumb and good looking, which you didn't quite qualify for.
Gears of War 2 horde mode, fuck me man I put hundreds of hours into that.
I love Australia
Geek lads were sound. I used to play yugioh with them at lunch time in my secondary school days.
Well fuck me I can't even type my DOB, off to the farm with me lad. Here is the date on my birth certificate.
Making camp on top of that gas station building and being the last guy to save the round for everyone felt good. The last enemy would always rush to you too.
Are you smirnoff? Hes about that age
Remember it's damn near impossible to make friends past 30. It's like everyone gets too exhausted and just focuses on raising their family at this point.
Smirnoff is about 43
He's in his 40 from what I remember. No, I'm just a old lad that pops in now and then.
Imagine if we played with each other, I was on it a lot too so there's a small chance we might have gotten matched together. It would have been small chance though because I remember back in the day Gears of War was fucking huge, sad to see how far it's fallen today.
Reality slapping me hard in face. Still never listened...
Don't pass a good thing by, well I did.
God forgive me for my selfish actions which will only backfire on me in the longterm.
What have I done.
Snoop dogg was in Hyde Park tonight
I would often join public horde matches. Sometimes it didn't work out, other times we went all the way to round 50. Hearing people talk about their lives and thanking me felt good. I tried playing the latest ones and it just doesn't feel the same anymore. I stopped around Gears 3. Now I hear the lobbies are difficult to attract enough players. Where as it was always busy until the next game come out on 360.
John Cena was audited in London a few weeks ago. He said it was rude to film someone without asking.
dont feel tol bad lid
have a listen to this drum and bass album my apu has just made: its called wumpa whipped.
https://youtu.be/kR8seB6LLn8 [Embed]
Fuck feeling sorry meself.
I'm gonna bounce back next week. You just watch.
It welper's world. Now and forever x
....and since free to play doesn't require an online subscription everyone plays these games now.
Another one has got his rights back mostly. Expect he'll be pumping out the audits once again.
https://youtu.be/_uT22oM2Owg [Embed]
Good on him for standing up against tyranny.
Yeah, for me the peak was 2. What a game. 3 was good but didn't have the same charm. Everything after that is just sad. I tried 5 last year and yeah the multiplayer is dead. You can get games but many modes are dead and will never match you with anyone, and the lobby browser never has more than a couple pages of games.
Garn to the shoppington for more wooze me. I hope I get knocked down and killed on the way.
Sorry to everyone I've let down.
We all wored in life x
Yeah same. Great game and it felt so good to have better multiplayer. The first one was all peer to peer so people could ddos you, have host advantage (who'd quit the match if losing to disconnect everyone) and had so many cheaters (crabwalking out of the map). I hated how the first game's Seriously achievement wasn't accurate.
Unfortunately Gears paved the way for skins in video games as we know them today. Everyone wanted those golden weapons given out during E3 and the greedy publishers saw this as an opportunity to make a lot of money. I will never play multiplayer shit again.
Man turned up to court in his nike track suit and baseball cap
Big up MB
The court should not judge you based on your appearance. It should be a hate crime. They wouldn't judge a mentally ill tranny coming in dressed like a woman.
Happy 4/20 de lids. Im keeping it simple and womfy today. No booze
People seriously turn up to court in their tracksuit pyjamas?
Done me wollocks in me. Garn wakis for some more cans now. It's over.
Silly little alcoholic.
He'll be relieved this is all behind him soon. Respect to the lad. He cocked up a few times but he's older and wiser now.
I go shoppingtons for wooze now.
Fuck the lot. Drinking on me own. Don't need anyone else. Cheers x
Oh god, I remember those golden guns. Yeah I wanted them badly too kek.
There's been a rumor for a few years that there might be a 'Marcus Fenix Collection' that remasters Gears 1-3 sort of like the Halo Master Chief Collection. While I want that to happen I also think it would be incredibly sad to be playing these games again all these years later in the exact same teenage bedroom of mine that I am still in. If I told teenager me that I would be playing this game again in like 15 years later with my life being like this, it would be like I was stuck in some fucking horrible time loop. It would be both a happy and sad moment to play such a modern remaster.
It makes me sad knowing I never had the uni experience. I guess I was meant to be a deano roadsmen type lad but that never happened either.
2-day bender coming on strong if that's alright with you de leed
A certain type do yeah
Dressing head to toe in Nike is them dressing in their absolute best clobber
jesus not an attractive women. and you can tell that women is going to age horribly. looksmatch at least.
Yeah you missed out lad. I finished in in '20. Was fucking brilliant times.
They did remaster the first one but I barely played it. It just didn't hit the dopamine anymore. I actually feel sad playing remasters of old games as I think back to my youth. I can't fully enjoy them as I too am still in the same place I was then. There's no way I'd pay for these remasters is true but they'll be on Game Pass anyway.
At least he has a girlfriend. Got to be better than nothing at all. I still haven't found my looksmatch.
Would've dropped out most likely anyway. If something gets too difficult I give up as I feel I've reached my limits.
Don't blame you. I was not cut out for the work side of things. It wasn't tough work but I felt completely separate from lecturers etc. I wish I got more involved work societies and meeting friends but I scoffed at the chance because people were frickin' nerds
The highlight of my Friday will be when mummy brings back fast food for her 30 something year old son. Grim.
And the outlook for the weekend is playing video games. Living the dream all year round.
As much as you point out that auditing is for losers who have so much anger built up inside them, I still want to do it. It'll get me out of the house. I can film some places and bring out the nasty tyrants in our country.
We both know you wont
Finally booked my guitar to go in for a repair. By the former touring tech for Led Zeppelin no less
get in lads just got done having a fat wank to a beautiful 19 year old girls dirty well worn panties with skid marks a container with her well chewed gum and spit with a video which I chewed and sucked up and shot the biggest perviest load of cum known to man 
all things worn was made for men like me
Just got back from shoppingtons. Got two wokkles of VK and some Strongbows. Was wempted to get some wodka but don''t want any weltdowns tonight so thought best not. Got a snidey vape as well x
No worries lad. Can always pop down and get some wodka later on
mate you gotta fucking stop now. nip it in the bud right now.
Is it possible to apply for disability bennies online and no longer do the physical assessments?
Where can I find some decent regular/straight fit jeans that aren't 'stretch' fit or fucking ugly? Usually wear levis but I'm not paying 100 quid for them. Ta
we all praying helperturd chokes on his own vomit tonight so get in deeeeeeeer
Have a look in some charity shops. Bound to be something there.
Pakkit of crisps prepared to be eaten. Going to commence the eating shortly.
Nah let him have a weltdown lol
Good shout, however I am 28 waist. It's hard enough finding small clothes
Star Treatment
One Point Perspective
American Sports
Science Fiction
Golden Trunks
World's First Ever Monster Truck Front Flip
Four Out of Five
Tranquility Base Hotel and Casino
Batphone
She Looks Like Fun
The Ultra Cheese
Was expecting you to feel disgusted at the thought of entering a charity shop.
Haven a womfy one tonight. Garn neck this wooze then crash out. Cheers x
Just why wont he post his moschino shirt?
I want you to lead us in the campaign to save Britain
SSM poster we'll be back with his drivel soon.
Nah
Foot spammer didn't turn up for his shift today
Embarrassing
Nah staying off the wokey de lid.
WarmiteWan4
We need to shag our way to victory as a nation
top shagger, me.
Who needs wokey when you're already threatening to stab random anons after a couple of glasses of wine
Finished my trolley wolley shift, then gotta do it tomorrow, and the day after
Based trolley lid
Thank god. Worst poster here.
Knocking back this VK now. Still feel wissed me. 
We all wored in life x
Quite enjoyed your political ranting earlier. Hope we see more of it as the evening goes on x
UK GAYMAN more like
Well, guarantee I'll watch that volkshalle video before I go beddingtons. I always watch that when I'm on the wissingtons x
Do you legit just mooch about the car park for 8 hours?
Invisalign ruined my fucking jaw. I look recessed now. Just had to quit halfway into treatment after noticing and Im praying they shift back. Utter waste of 4k. Dont fall for this shit if you have a good jawline it's more important than effeminate straight teeth
aw i love when this gets posted cos i made it x
Nah, I get all my clothes 2nd hand. 99% of em
yeah at my local morrisons they just have a dedicated trolley mong and that's all he does
Yeah I'm on that wissington.
I never change x
Yeah lad, for 7 years
It my world x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmUDKfvKq1s [Embed]
Unbelievably good job anon, I'd love that.
It was good the first couple years but now I'm not sure why I keep on doing it, tried applying for other jobs but no luck
I'm envious of any job without a phone desu, I've developed a real phobia of them now
Need HHL to run the country desu
Apparently some lid remote reviewed me in another timeline and I was a dictator of Britain lmao. Probably talking a load of shite. Would be funny if it was true though.
hhl talking to himself
sad
Remember when he replied to himself on trip. I remember.
Getting my SIA licence and then standing around a jobcentre all day.
Try again seethie weether x
He's broken no laws. Trespassing is civil. Trying to use breach of the peace when no members of the public around. Scum.
https://youtu.be/Wrcf9tP7fUc [Embed]
What are you timing?
What are you timing lad
age times himself necking booze 
SAD!
Thank you based auditor for recording the registration plates. Will go nice in my spreadsheet along with faces, numbers, names (if known) and what station/area they are in. Already know some social media profiles from this info and will be contacting their families about their tyrant behaviours.
I like timing me drinks. It's sort of a game for me.
No law against filming number plates in private car parks. None at all.
Do you ever get bored of larping? We know you aren't doing any of that. You're so depressed you can't even wash your own arse.
What types of jobs are you trying for? I'm getting bored of working in a factory and need something else too.
He's getting more and more desperate for attention because of HHL's multi-day weltdown keeping everyone entertained. They're all vying desperately for (You)s.
It doesn't take that much energy to do what I feel is necessary to highlight and map the rogue officers around this country. My hygiene is not of concern.
use ublock origin for better blocking
washing my arse? wont get me a gf
We all pretending to make a spreadsheet in life x
Post your 'spreadsheet' then. You won't because it doesn't exist.
If we had girlfriends, life would be so much better. Instead we are looked down on for simply being different and not following the normie ways.
It's confidential for me. Publishing it may bring out the tyrants and it could be considered against the rules here.
Speak for yourself. I'm looked down on because I ride around in my nana's semi-legal mobility scooter selling Bellabrusco to local MILFs.
I've seen these smug cops holding up their children in photos and pretending like they are good people. Their wives and kids have no idea what they get up to on a shift.
I've wutted to this very picture numerous times. Just thought I would share that with you x
You're gonna be auditing the let's-pretend police soon laddie
You need to get a grip mate
This is the sort of image I want to see on my computer screen
Always posts his dinner but never posts his wooze. No proof any alcohol was consumed by him today
You are seeing it on your computer screen
FWB posting me for sex again, just ignored her. Might embrace volcelism desu
Posting you for sex? Are you forrin
Pestering, autocorrect has been on a mad one today, heh!
Do NOT post here ever again unless you want to help me with my tyrant spreadsheet, normie scum.
Don't blame ya lid. Glow is a Goddess. I'm a paypig for her.
Post your spreadsheet big man
Sounds pretty tyrannical to me, might have to add you to my spreadsheet.
Big cocked daddies posting me for sex again. Just going to ignore them desu
Put your trip back on gay dosser man
Used to be part of the Bristol bugchasing scene in the late 80s and early 90s. Took a few poz loads, but one thing I can say to anyone even thinking about it is don't. Just don't.
I got lucky, I never caught anything, but the stress and anxiety overrides any thrill you might get. Whilst it was hot in the moment, I'll never get those years back I lost to 'poz anxiety'
What do you call a female chud
Fuckin ell
I know a bloke who is a far right cocaine addict. In hospital right now as it goes
It is time to seek the Lord. (Originally)
No wospital for me de lids. I'm wushty.
Listening to choons. I could easily get a baggington in tonight if I wanted to but not garn do it. Staying on the wooze then crashing out x
Used to be part of the feel street LARPchasing scene in the late 80s and early 90s. Took a few (you)s but one thing I can say to anyone even thinking about it is don't. Just don't.
I got lucky, I never got btfod, but the stress and anxiety overrides any thrill you might get. Whilst it was cringe in the moment, I'll never get those years back I lost to 'larp anxiety'
What's the point of being far right if you're just going to exacerbate the problems you claim are caused by your enemies
How many fresh starts have you had?
Gives them something to vent about
Good lid. Don't let the seethies talk you into getting a baggington
Proper horrible little rat you like Sean
Done a poo. Was quite good. 9/10
Foarkin ell 
Piece of shit appointment made me sleep thru until now
Didn't even eat lunch or anyfink
At least some effort was out into these. Not long ago I had a 3/4 paragraph LARP from 2018 cut and pasted out the archive and passed off as someone else's
LARP piracy is real. You wouldn't steal a (you)
To all dossers. 
Get a job.
Corr that was a good wankington sesh
Empty sack for me my leeds
Don't listen to this little seether who doesn't want you having a good time lod, I'm getting a waggington in meself
I've literally gotten to that stage in life where my SMV exceeds that of women my age. Women pester me for sex now, and I'm the one turning them down
To all gooners
Get a gf
To all wagies.
Quit your job.
Fat man and brown man walking down an Oldham street
His larp skills drives the girls wild!
Goon life
Gwarn lid get stuck in. I would get a waggington in but I have things to do tomorrow so keeping things womfy tonight x
You've never had a waggington in your life
What kind of person
Beggars belief
You had things to do this morning as well
He was meant to be going to CEX and the bank kek
Is this how dossers fill their day? 
GRIM
why have you never posted your waggingtons de lid?
Have you apologised to your mam yet lad?
Poor Sandra doesn't know what to do with her alcoholic son
It so sad
seethie weether detected
Doing bumps tonight instead of lines me, trying a change of pace
Go on dosser man, what 'things' do you have to do?
larper warper detected
Been out walking all day with the GF. Somehow ended up with a sunburn.
Monitor RMA accepted. I'm going to be without a monitor for 2 weeks lads. It's all ogre for me.
What was wrong with the monitor?
They call me the King of the Kings x
SeasideMARK should be the official patron saint of NEETS me lids. HHL help me canonize him please!
Burger king more like
Nice bit of OC there Photoshop lad
It's developed a dark patch on one side that wraps around to the bottom that I can't unsee now that I've noticed it. Fair play to support, they didn't piss about and accepted a repair quite fast. Still won't count my chickens till they hatch, hopefully they can fix it or send it a refurb.
I lolled
Garn neck a wustlerz in a bit like.
https://youtu.be/w4TPWzzUCUc [Embed]
Fucking love this tune lads
Kill yourself you pathetic fucking swine
Neck your mates big cock
Still vibing to this me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmUDKfvKq1s [Embed]
My laptop screen has two dead pixels that I cannot unsee. Wish I had never noticed them desu
But it is what it is
What needs to be done to save whites in Britain
