ITT: prove youre not a newfag
nice monkey pic
ITT: prove youre not a newfag
Verification not required.
prove youre not a newfag
Does anyone have this screencap of the thread where the neet guy microwaved old sour cream and it exploded? It made me genuinely happy when I read it
I miss Johnny Neptune, anime avatar fags lived in fear when he was around
I'm kind of a newfag but not a newnewfag
https://youtu.be/3qHv_riV1AM?t=12 [Embed]
the guy with the disgusting house?
Does anyone have this screencap of the thread where the neet guy microwaved old sour cream and it exploded? It made me genuinely happy when I read it
4ysrp
real ones remember the somali stacy who exposed a bunch of fake tripfags for being larping females
How else can I prove it? I have gifs downloaded.
I served in Mission 1 for the Cococorps, brother. She was half Persian, btw.
pools closed xD
Yessss !!! You have it?
How else can I prove it? I have gifs downloaded.
Verification not required.
was she really? i remember eggnog telling me she was just from a coastal town in southern somalia with persian ancestry on omegle and he was also somali. either way, she was beautiful as fuck. a shame most egirls on r9k these days look like trash and behave like trash too
i posted in the thread the anon made when he found a pros/cons list made by his girlfriend comparing him to this new guy she met
no, I dont think I had it on the failed hard drive that would have had it if i saved it
I was once permabanned by moot for caling him a newfag
I got here in 2017 and I'm still newer than most of you fags
Dammit :( I miss best of 4chan threads on b
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/24502700/#24510350
I had thought I got that lore from the legendary YBF but I must be mistaken, I can't find him saying it.
oh i also posted in the thread when that anon went through his sisters panties and was sniffing them and jerking off to them. this idiot posted a blurred facebook picture of his sister and another anon in the thread somehow found her and told her about what he was doing with her panties and it turned into a big dramatic ordeal. i think he got kicked out of his house or something?
Habbo hotel and cokemusic led me to /b/
Habbo hotel and cokemusic led me to /b/
Verification not required.
4chan was best when threads weren't publicly archived immediately
What made 4chan/imageboards so great was that your posts disappeared forever so it was truly free speech by design
Nowadays with AI and all it's probably much easier to locate anons from their post history
remember vyro?
Bro I was like 14 then kek
i remember the time eggman drove three hours to get ghosted by that fat landwhale
I think so
Was that name popular around the time of The Surgeon spam?
I never knew I missed the ever expanding tfw no Filipina gf threads until this moment
When did /r9k/ stop being fun bros? Was it me that changed?
I remember not being able to a thread or two without someone replying to JapaneseLettuceHardcore posts that are bumped to the top. Was an awful time to be here.
God damn, I left R9K for a mere decade and this absolute baddie showed up? Would have dragged my ballsack along broken glass, etc.
Bro I was like 14 then kek
Verification not required.
Johnny Neptune was fucking hilarious. Speaking of, anyone remember the weedle-dee-deed guy?
God damn, I left R9K for a mere decade and this absolute baddie showed up? Would have dragged my ballsack along broken glass, etc.
r0tt0
Memes used to be called image macros.
mmmm. monke.
monke.
I remember that one. wasn't she a prostitute based in Toronto or something. she did escorting pre sure.
I remember she replied to some of my posts.
I miss the wordfilters.
wasn't even considered a newfag back then. 2003 was only 10 years ago so some orignalfags were still around. if there are still some left its kinda sad. raids were still a thing back then.
She was also retarded and watched superhero movies and read marvel comics all day and was mainly into black guys
She doesn't sound retarded to me
Nice attempt at getting us to out ourselves there fedboi
 Now leave
Anyone remember Eric Douglace?
i was team mini
Naw, image macros != memes, although image macros sometimes feature memes. Foul Bachelor Frog, for example, is a meme. However, the meme is usually displayed via image macro. Memes used in image macros have been used outside of macros. Overly Attached Girlfriend (probably the best example I can think of) was originally a viral video that was then spread via screen caps with captions.
i was also here when "he does the virgin walk" was popular and firsthand witnessed the genesis of the virgin-chad meme
I gotchu bruv
ya dun goofed, im gonna backtrace you cyberscum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-9CkBai2rA [Embed]
nah but forreal I don't think it's a good thing I'm still on here 16 years later
This started the first reddit invasion
when i started browsing there were still boxxy threads everywhere.
remember the ballsweat scent guy
Thanks :D
But damn it looks more depressing than I remember. I wonder if the dude is still alive
ah yes and I remember caturday as well. back then memes were squares with text on top and/or bottom. I also remember people posting cheese pizza on b in an attempt to chemo it. have an image of someone shitting on a bby forever burned into my head... wish i never saw that but it got reposted often if anyone remembers. i wonder what happened to that baby
I haven't thought of that image in years thanks faggot
I think I know the exact image you're talking about. 
Unfortunate
I can remember when /b/ was good.
no one here even remembers battletoads or tumblr raids
Yeah, the feds want to know what memes you remember so they can lock you up. Dumb fucking idiot. lmao
/b/ was never good
I do and remember when the internet started shipping us
prove youre not a newfag
I trust this will suffice.
link to thread? was it b8 or did op deliver?
this is the oldest reaction image in my folder from 2009, there might be older stuff in my touhou folders
the filename kept the image naming convention so you can tell it's old as shit but here's a timestamp
what's wrong with being a newfag?
Google "pickle chan".
literally everything
nah it doesn't matter
Crazy to think that she's probably in her 30's by now.
Nothing to prove. Newfag here.
learned how to lucid dream about 15 years ago thanks to /x/.
that's some pretty okay shoopwork
motherless dot com slash GMB26506F
landwhale seeks validation from neet turbovirgins
lol. lmaoeven.
I member. I member all the anonymous and tumblr porn. 
My favourite part is when we kept ordering pizza to pawn stars. Or when we kept ordering pizza to troll victims in general. This place used to be so much more fun
Hello fellow Argentinian.
This place used to be so much more fun
Is a real shame newfrens will never get to experience peak 4chan.
But I AM a newfag. I guess I remember when /d/ used to be quite fast. Nowadays it's a painfully slow board.
Spaghetti 
No croissants today boss.
Takes a crane to get it out.
tacgnol
i miss /news/, i remember when ben garrison forced moot to nuke /pol/ and that time when a /tv/fag got really asshurt when someone post a skull infographic of john boyega in TFA first threads he went to chimpout at /pol/
why haven't raids come back
tfw no lamesa wiping, sapatos breaking, kotse fixing, ilong blowing, ube chopping, puso racing, damit wearing, kumot weaving, puwit slapping, paa rubbing, itlog cracking, buhok combing, ulo scratching, simbahan attending, parol hanging, kamay washing, tuko calling, jeepney driving, kanin picking, manok chasing, tinikling dancing, tiyanak finding, aswang hunting, kabayo riding, carabao herding, baboy wrestling, duwende stomping, lechon roasting, lumpia cooking, pancit making, sinigang eating, forest loving, /r9k/ posting, qtp2t filipina gf originally
This picture was manually deleted from 4chan archives. I wonder why. Is she under age? But it isn't sexual.
I been around a minute. Not really a super oldfag though.
Why should I? 
You have been muted for 2 seconds, because your comment was not original.
I was so disappointed that the guy who posted his cum every Christmas was a fake.
We need to bring 4chumblr back desu
I've been to a "historically black" school and can confirm they are an insufferable bunch
ive been posting on 4chan since 2005 and r9k since 2008. this was before r9k was deleted
i dont care if you believe me or not. and i have no evidence to support any of my claims
i started browsing 4chan in highschool. its also possible i visited 4chan in 2004 when i was in junior highschool, but i dont remember doing so. i remember going on 4chan since 2005, but it could of been earlier. i learned about 4chan from gamespot forums, which i was a member since 2003-10-28, and i know i lurked there before joining. ive been a fan of videogames since i could walk. literally the first thing i did once i could walk was walk to the computer and sit, so i can play videogames
i am now 32 and a kv neet autist. my life is pain, by and large. im ambivalent towards my own existence, im not sure if its worth it for me to exist or not.
tfw no basket weaving gf?
I cant even remember the line
baby_in_leather_latex_suit_no_diapers.jpeg
jannies seethe
also, believe it or not, but i was posting r9k tier thread on /b/ back in 2006 and 2007, because i was a lonely virgin incel loser, even back then, and i had nobody
yes, i was posting feels related posts, and i was always searching for those posts. there was a sea of porn and memes and shenanigans, but the posts that resonated with my heart the most were just dudes expressing how lonely and in pain they were, because it would be someone i could relate to
then i remember r9k came out and INSTANTLY i felt it was my home. not even joking. i remember the first time i ever told anyone i was a virgin was on r9k or /b/, and they didnt make fun of me, they just kind of understood and said they were losers as well
this place has been a place for loser virgins the second it came out, and was brought back from being deleted as a containment board, despite what all the normies will have you believe
No croissants today boss
Came here to post this, only two oldfags in the thread I'm afraid
Fucking memories. No flip gf. No more strung out boomer Johnny Neptune shitposts.
nowadays this place is full of mentally ill crybaby simps and normies who think they are superior to us because their fat GF gives them pity sex once a month,no real feels or conversation anymore
Brother, may I have some oats brother?
True. 
But I know it's only natural. A cycle of change in the ecosystem. Losers will try to find someone who is a bigger loser so they can feel superior in at least some way.
This girl was super cute with nice tits, why?
feels used to be about talking about issues and relating. they used to be about offering advice and even hope sometimes. instead, it has now devolved into false blackpill "I will never get laid and I will take no steps to get laid so everyone must suffer". This shit 100% got help from foreign intelligence agencies trying to weaken the west.
2016 meme
not a newfag
Original post
I got this pastebin from the defunct yandere general in my bookmarks since 2015
http://pastebin.com/0B1TQuYb
Who are you quoting?
Newfag.
block9000
mystery's nudes and the whole ordeal
I love she who owns the sky
Olivia Lane
Only Tru oldfags remember. God everything was so different back then.
angry zoomers in this thread
DSFARGEG
(no ban pl0x)
mystery's nudes and the whole ordeal
Who and what happened?
if you don't remember the original r9k before moot purged the robot you are a newfag zoomer and I hate you
What made it better, bro?
feels used to be about talking about issues and relating
see, i know you are a normie faggot liar
feels used to always be about
tfw no gf
i remember at once point in 2009 liteally 8 our of the 10 threads on the front page were feels thread. it was a wave of "tfw no gf" posts, in the same way there was a huge wave of elliot rodger threads when er went er
r9k always has been for losers who cant get girls
daily reminder certified oldfag stuff is not googleable. if its on knowyourmeme, any newfag can look it up and larp
i dont know if it was better back then. but this place always has been about incel shit. stuff like tfwnogf, foul bachelor frog, etc
probably the overall discourse and quality of posts have, on average gotten better, as people become smarter, and 4chan matures
desuarchive also has an effect on the quality of posts, because people can understand large waves of certain types of posting, and this increases post quality
because people can understand large waves of certain types of posting, and this increases post quality
I don't understand this, pls explain?
I can't wait until this website gets shut down and I can have sweet release
Remember when people used to say top kek? Don't see it anymore. Anyway here since 2013
Anyway here since 2013
So...you're a newfag?
Remember the scooby doo anon that wanted to fuck his mom?
tfw no gf and "I want to rape women because I'm retarded" are slightly different. cope.
How many years ago was pinoy gf? 2015? That's not that long ago. Nex thing you know people are going to post OATS BOTHER as oldfag proof, or scooby lamp anon
I do happen to have it, just for you sir fellow anon guy
2015 was 8 years ago, just accept that you're old.
People still care about this
I am newfg
RIP Nux, thanks for the keys over the years
No. JLH was a tranny. The same person behind swami.
Mystery unironically had an incredible body
troon
pedo
wow, who would have though
she did, but she was also a camwhore who also had plastic surgery while shitting on other plastic botched camwhores.
This was one of the first threads I ever posted on this board, before moot killed it and later resurrected it as the zombified /relationshit9k/.
I'm 38 now.
Yep. Sure do.
I sometimes still wonder how Beastman is doing. Also underviewed.com threads were a ton of fun.
wtf dude you're still here?
the guy that lived in a hole 
derridas manifestos
poopoo peepee and jannies banning it 
kpop generals 
this place used to have rate me threads before /soc/ was created
I am queen oldfag, respect me
I think the earliest meme I can remember, and which I virtually never see posted anymore, is Waha
Not really. I check this board like twice a year just for nostalgia threads and never post. Just thought it might be funny. Have a good day, anon.
Have a good day too, it was nice seeing you again.
Only been here since 2016. Earliest chan memory, is from a thread where a female coworker left her facebook login on a comp at work. Got pics, and chat from a guy wanting a threesome, but he was a bitch, and older, and had sent her a cum pic, with a tiny amount of cum. I remember, at least I cum more than greenman.
OP got doxxed though, his work contacted, ;ost his job.
Bad times, but also great times.
Real Test: can any of you trace the succession back from Iris to necrofag?
