I am 19, 6'1, she is 16 and 6'1 or a bit more.
I like her a lot. I know I'd creep her out.
I don't know how to approach her on my bus really. Is it ok to ask her out or not?
I'm doing my senior over 2 years due to health issues. (pussy cop out I know).
Yes, anon, it would be a great idea to ask her out :)
She will likely be impressed by your confidence and not be concerned with your age in the slightest :)
If anything, it would be a very bad idea not to ask her out :)
Are you being sarcastic? Alright well, I better not do it then.
In all seriousness you probably shouldn't. Not unless you're already friends with her which judging by the way you wrote this post, I'm assuming you're not.
Asking a girl you hardly know out is asking her to take a complete shot in the dark with you. Even if you ask her out properly, she has very little clue about who you could really be. In her eyes, you could be crazy, manipulative, psychotic, or even worse... way way worse.
Past high school and college, girls are sort of forced to have to take these risks more and more as friends become more scarce, but, as you've said, you're still in high school. She has a shit ton of "safer" options to go with so the chance that she says no is pretty much guaranteed. It doesn't help that you are much older. Sorry, anon.
That's okay. I am thankful you gave it to me straight.
Plenty of fish in the sea.
Thanks.
16 and 19 is not crazy and cold approach is perfectly fine but i gotta give it to anon, hes most likely right with her having options. Seeing as you browse r9k theres good chance you are a sperg
Go take your chance, you can always just kill yourself later
I ain't a sperg but alright.
Alright well if ain't too bad of a gap and that cold approach is ok I'll go for it.
Yeah, she'd have plenty of other options, but I'm not going to be a risk to her either way.
I'll take my chance, nothing will ever make me want to kill myself don't worry.
nobody cares. do it and get prime cunny
just be sure she isn't a whore with a bodycount of 5+ already
I don't want cunny dude, that's the whole issue.
She ain't a whore, I can only assume,
My girlfriend and I met when I was 20 and she was 16 (call me a creep/pedo etc. Idc, I wasn't taking advantage of her in any way). It's really not that big of a gap, and 16 is an age where most people have a fully functioning brain. I'd say you should go for it, but make sure that you're not creepy in any way, just relax, be yourself. Don't outright say your plans, just ask her for a Discord or whatever she uses, maybe tell her you think she's cute and all that fluff. And if it fails, just move on.
what was her bodycount? how was her prime cunny? are you still with her? where's she from
you gotta tell us how this goes anon, if you do it
0, it was nice, yes, and she's from my own country. Met her on Discord though.
which country? somewhere in europe?
discord
what server? that pretty much means you're a complete normie
which country?
Eastern Europe anon, sorry, I don't want to get too specific.
that pretty much means you're a complete normie
I really don't think that meeting someone on a Discord server makes you a normie, it's just what is currently most used, and it isn't Tinder or some shit like that. Depends on what kind of server, I guess. Oh and btw she browses the chans and draws porn sometimes. So do I.
It was a local, small friend group type server where we mostly talked about a game we like to play and drew stuff. It wasn't one of those e-girl social servers, if that's what you mean.
east europe
another boring day in west europe.. sigh
small discord
thats even more normie since you already have a friendgroup
SIGH
does she swallow cum and piss? whats her most degenerate kink
even more normie
I didn't know most of those people and we were mostly outcasts which is why we became good friends. It wasn't a "haha lets get in a call and play games together :)" type of server, just a bunch of retards, like here. It really isn't too hard to find places like that, you just gotta be on the radar for a bit.
As for the second question, yes anon, she swallows both. And the kinks, idk, your typical submissive stuff, though she does step on me too. We're both degenerates so it works. Don't you jerk off to that now.
What about you anon? Why is Western Europe boring? Not having any success?
you just gotta be on the radar for a bit.
normie advice lol i've probably been here longer than you and never got in a server like that
What about you anon? Why is Western Europe boring? Not having any success?
No west europe is a shithole, women are boring and vapid and egotistical, highly demanding, provide nothing of value. no fembots, no autists, no degenerates, nothing and nobody.
one day I will move to east europe and find a mentally ill girl from a broken family with generational trauma from soviet occupation and be done with all this shit.
