Any former robots that escaped their fate and found happiness? Share your greentext.
Everything about her body language says how uncomfortable she is kek
And no, I'm still not happy
you were never a robot in the first place Brig
How was I never a robot when I was a kissless hugless virgin loser till my late 20s
holy fucking based if true. what signs of attraction did she give you?
She smiled at me a couple times at work and she liked songs I posted on Facebook. I think she messeged me first about one of the songs and it started from there. Then I gathered the courage to ask her to come to NYE at my friend's house but I was very drunk and I didn't think she'd come. Didn't even know if she had a bf at the time and thought she might come with another dude
Still need to find a woman who I want to marry and I still have some anxiety issues. 
Honesty I think most of it would have been fixed with going to the gym and either getting a better job or going back to school. Military friends forced me to do some social things though which made me realize nobody cares if you get shot rejected.
I've never seen an actual robot success story except maybe guys who SEAmaxx after 10k rejections in the U.S. or something similar. It's basically always normalfags who were late bloomers late blooming.
It's AI drawn.
Lemme guess, 0 rejections before her?
How many rejections before you found the girls you slutted out to?
I've been a user of 4chan since about 2010, almost daily. For me, it wasn't a simple moment of clarity, but a long time of going to therapy and staying on medication for bipolar disorder. It was hard to maintain, and i was hospitalized once, but I am now very stable and have a gf that I plan on proposing to very soon. I have a new job starting tomorrow. I live on my own with my gf
I went from planning my suicide when I turned 30 to wanting to live, which was weird since suicide was my whole plan for so long.
How many rejections before you found your gf?
I only had one gf before then, but when I was single and manic I'd try and fuck everything. I was rejected maybe 5-6 times by various women in various settings. I think I got also very lucky in finding my gf, too. 
This world gives you nothing, so you have to hold on to what you have with both hands when you find something worth keeping. It has taken a shit load of growing up for me, and self-restraint in keeping my mental disorder in check, in order to get here. We've been together almost four years and thinks are fantastic, I think.
Wow, so robotic duder. How inspiring!
I'm sorry if you don't feel my situtation compares to you anon-kun. I tried very hard to find a good girl and stick with her. My first gf was in college at at 23, and we only lasted about a year. I was not on any meds and was crazy. When I was single for several years i was battling bipolar, and when I realized I needed help things got better for me. I have no other advice or stories to offer, really. I've seen this board wiped clean twice, the robot filter reset, and entire cultural changes shift over night bloxxxx. It's almost strange to be here still -- I feel as though I have outgrown /r9k/ in many ways but I cannot help but come back sometimes. When I do I feel a little out of place.
its that easy bros
Wow so you were single for 5 years of your adult life.
Also you have no advice to offer at all lol. You're just a plain normalfaggot.
Exactly. Just be attractive. """Fembots""" would never date anyone even close to a robot lol.
I'm sorry you're very bitter and lonely anon-kun. If it makes you feel any worse though, you literally have zero, ZERO power to stop me from coming back here. All you will do is rage on the internet on a semi-obscure message board, fixated on things you can't change and ignoring what you can.
I hope things get better for you.
You don't want advice. You want pity.
He's e-dating a tranny. Better than most of us can say.
I went to Cambridge for 10 months and it was probably the happiest I've been since childhood, despite not really fitting in there. I even got a girl to hug me at the end. But now I'm back to being a NEET.
Just a reminder that survivorship bias is real, and just because it's theoretically possible for your to turn your life around doesn't mean you actually will. In ever single case, incels getting better involves a stroke of luck that we both know will never happen to you personally. Enjoy the thread but don't forget you're going to die alone and that only suicide will save you the agony of doing so.
4chan isn't really obscure, lol.
No I don't lol. None of this has anything to do with me. I just want to call out normalfags pretending to be robots.
It's better to just treat these threads as normalfags LARPing as incels in 99% of cases. They distract from actual ways to cure inceldom.
The only way to cure inceldom is with suicide. There is no way to make people want you, and no one will ever want incels.
Who weighs more?
Incels can SEAmaxx or work from terrible conditions.
Loneliest """robot""" to ever exist.
kek. did the same. had to quit tho, family staged an intervention.
i drank in the dark, figured there must be more to life so i tried nearly every drug there was.
it was disappointing. 
we all heard about how drugs were so great you didn't want to quit but it wasn't great, it was just better than being sober, until it wasn't even that but quitting seemed like such a hassle.
3 months, a understanding of how matchmaking ELO works, and lots of asking advice from friends, family, and from females that I wasn't trying to pursue. And in the end, the most important thing was prayer. 
All things are easy with the help of the Lord.
Not even close, lmfao. It was 95% looks like all online dating ventures.
Yeah, looking onto the face of the Lord with a smile.
that's called a dormant normie. you could have gone to a party anytime you wanted if it happened so easily. you just wasted your youth voluntarily
here's what I did
Or appearing rich. Online dating is about appearing hot or rich.
how so
For me it helped having friends who you hang out with, I usually start out as friends first and you just flirt and read the room sorta. Alcohol also helps, for me not them so I am less inhibited. If I wasn't doing piss tests I would probably be on something else, I have mental issues.
Another normalfag who was never a robot.
That is true as well but it's exceptionally rare of an option, kinda like being famous as well.
What question is that supposed to be an answer to? You're just describing what would work if you're a normalfaggot already.
is the scientific consensus that "anyone who successfully stops being a robot was never a robot in the first place but merely a failed normie"
or having abs
It's not necessarily the case but it's very commonly the case. Threads like these seem to just be brag threads.
You are such an immature bitch lol.
0% chance this is a couple
we are all gonna make it!!a
