In a poll in a Japanese newspaper two months ago, the results of the countries that Japanese women want to visit the most were South Korea ranked 1st, France ranked 2nd, and Italy ranked 3rd. No sane woman wants to go to a third world shithole like India.
sarrs betipul jap gals sarrs pleas dunt hatu endia
kek poojeets rapists btfo!
They want spicy K-gigolos.
Idk if this is for sex tourism though. 
Taiwan france italy and hawaii both made it in the top five for both sexes.
You want to look for the differences. Like men wanting to go to new york and spain vs the women wanting to go to thailand and singapore.
noone said anything about sex lmao.
project harder
They want spicy K-gigolos.
 that Japanese women 
this thread is on /r9k/
My assumption was entirely within reason.
What type of fucking retard would willingly go to India of all places for vacation. There's not too much to do and it's an actual shithole
They want spicy K-gigolos
Someone doesn't have a sense of humor. Do the few girls you somehow texted barely reply? kek
:3
Most people usually go to India for spiritual reasons. Kinda like a modern day pilgrimage. Agreed though, it isn't very vacationy though. Plus, I think one of the more popular Buddhist schools in the US would be Zen, and that moreso correlates with locations in both China and Japan.
My failing love life is relevant.
Completely forgot about this. But from known friend's experiences, apparently spiritual temples and those types of places are filled with foreigners but these types places are scammy
if you really consider us a shithole, why do you keep coming back with these ragebait threads shithead.
Don't you have enough of the economic un-stability in your own country
Don't like us, don't visit us. You aren't welcome anyway
seethe, poo
most girls don't like to go to third world countries. that's why they wanna go to sk, france, italy instead india, china or egypt.
Italy
first world
Shitalians are on par with Nafris. France is the only first world country in Meds.
Seoul Halloween crowd crush Victim's Belongings, Jewelry and Wallet All Stolen.
A large amount of the victim's belongings were recovered from the accident scene, but almost no precious Jewelry and wallets were found.
3rd world of East Asia
I mean Japanese women marry Korean men the most. So its not surprising what so ever.
Atleast too me.
Korean here.
Italy > France
Superior food, superior infrastructure, superior women, and unironically friendlier people atleast when i visited
nippon.com
kek k*reans are literal grave robbers
Italian here.
Completely agreed. Also (a lot of) France citizens are assholes if you dont speak french, when I was talking to one in english he always replied in french and I couldn't understand shit
During the Fukushima earthquake in Japan, Japanese shops and ATMs were robbed and stolen by numerous thieves. If South Korea is third world because of the theft of some such accessories, is Japan fifth world?
why do frenchies so hostile to italians? why do they hate italians? i think france and italy are very similar each other.
Seethe harder paki
What's the last time you ever heard someone
I really enjoyed my vacation in PAKISTAN
What type of fucking retard would willingly go to India
I feel like it would be a very interesting place to visit if they cleaned it up, but every video ive seen of india makes it look crowded and fucking filthy
people want to do the needful
I would probably visit some rural type places like Kashmir or Bandarban
needful 
Kek pajeet coping
the himalayan parts of india look nice, but for example, varanasi their holiest site is probably the filthiest place ive ever seen, imagine if mecca and the vatican looked like picrel. Ive been to third world shitholes before and they try their best to keep their countries at least a little bit clean, not jeets though
I am Indian-Canadian. I went to Tokyo and Seoul on vacation a few years ago. During the two weeks I was there, I was asked out by a lot of beautiful local women. Girls in SK and Japan love the Indian dudes.
Stop it Poohammed.
You are embarassing yourself.
Yes, but it was Generation Z that was polled. Literal, unironic zoomers. We all know their opinions, even in other countries, are totally meaningless. Probably influenced by Kpop niggers on TikTok or some shit.
Hello, thank you, come again!
I am Indian-Canadian. I went to Tokyo and Seoul on vacation a few years ago. During the two weeks I was there, I was asked out by a lot of beautiful local women. Girls in SK and Japan love the Indian dudes
kek stop lying dirty poojet
Why would they want to go to France if they don't want to go to a thirdworld shithole?
What? Do they not get modern news in Japan?
Jap girls are built for big Korean cock. This is literally why Japanese incels are chimping out so hard recently.
you need to learn real english ching chong
They list Thailand too. Isn't that 3rd world too?
Looks like the worst part of my country anon. Looks like it smells
Fr*nch bad :(
Alot of people don't know this, but Korean and Japanese women seem to date alot of SEA men...
Shove a baguette up ur ass fag
Lol the guy in the other thread was right. It's some SEA or Korean guy making these threads at this time.
Why do you eat Kimchi btw? Tried it once and the taste/stink wouldn't go away even after two hours, do you like the smell of rotting garbage or something?
Its the BBC posters!
Its White guys trolling!
Its a Discord Tranny group!
Its a Group of 8!
Its 1 guy samefagging!
Its 2 Discord Groups
Its a Pajeet trying to troll!
Its a guy from SEA!
Its a guy from Korea!
What else will we add in the upcoming weeks?
No sane woman wants to go to a third world shithole like India.
Ok, and why should I care about it?
good morning sirs btw
Imagine being a poojeet.
How do you cope?
Bull Shit! They fucking hate any dark skinned person.
How do you net zero on Tinder.
You do realize Tinder is a foreign app right?
LIterally Koreans goto Tinder for Foreigners.
Its not even the top 3 Dating apps in Korea.
JFL.
Just did. No likes even.
Just Be Dagestani
I cope by being russian
The same could be said of the US and Mexico, they're neighbours, it doesn't have more mistery
sifon looking mfer
18% of Japanese men want to visit LA
Might as well just visit the local zoo, it's a lot cheaper and comes without the risk of stepping in homeless people's shit and getting stabbed since the zoo's gorillas are all caged.
i'm from south korea
for some reason, japanese girls have fantasies about south korean boys
and there are many things that japanese young girls like and care about in south korea (cosmetics, aesthetics, foods, cafes etc) so they like south korea
it's just because of these things
and i've never heard of the japanese people hating india or indians
what they really hate is china and chinese people though
in universal survey, the percentage of south koreans and japanese who like and dislike each other's country is exactly the same
but in the same survey, more than 95% of japanese citizens hate china
kpop dumbass its really that simple
as a common south korean boy in his early 20s
i can say that we are not more romantic, sweet or cute than other boys 
we are just autistic and fairly dependent on our mums 
however, japanese girls and other asian girls are immersed in our tv shows, movies, music, etc
so they believe that we are like boys in our media
asian girls are too simple and naive
they do believe what they see on tv
