Why aren't you muslimmaxxing and findinig yourself a virgin wife?
With some luck your kids might look white too, where as if you go asian those lil' niggas will go ER.
BKC is undefeated.
Imagine if they removed all the SEAmonkeys.
KoreanChads would be completely dominating.
Its over Mayocel.
https://youtu.be/HjSh_esW9W4?t=102 [Embed]
This is when I realized 99% of all these race surveys are absolute bullshit. They claim white males prefer MENA women over white and Asian women, such nonsense. 
Also, MENA girls are generally totally niggerfied and are even known for fucking black men in France where there is a huge population of Muslim girls. They are called beurette a khels.
Of course its fake kek. No source, no stats. Incels will just make up whatever bullshit they currently want to shill.
I tried but she dumped me to return to her country and marry a muslim Chad
Cope Hamza.
Brown hands of a short man with ugly face and below average IQ typed this.
Muslim girls love kpop, unironically. Paki and Indian girls are crazy for Korean guys. 
The Saudis repeatedly begged BTS to do a show there. Some Muslim girls even ran away from home just to go see BTS. All zoomer girls of every race and creed are built for BKC.
5 million views from Muslim girls dreaming of marrying a Korean man. 
JUST. BE. KOREAN.
Dude, these copes are actually rough. I feel bad for you.
It seems like you need a hug.
It's not coping, he's acting in bad faith trying to racebait and troll
Reminder pic rel is a BTS stan, got plastic surgery and bleached her skin, even pretended to be half Korean, just to attract Korean Chads. She got pump and dumped by KimChad while she was vacationing in Korea and never emotionally recovered from the breakup. Just Be Korean is law.
women will fuck whoever race is dominant in popular culture. so that's whites, niggers, and now koreans. tomorrow it could be dogs, who knows... women are total NPCs and shouldn't have rights.
Kek, cope harder whiteboy. Even Arab news outlets are reporting on young Muslim girls obsession with Korean men. All zoomer girls were built for BKC. Just. Be. Korean.
The native outlier for men is interesting. Why do so many native American men prefer white women to their own?
Just Be Korean is always the answer.
I was trolling some towelhead on Discord couple weeks back and then we became frens. He told me later on that me saying all his women wants Kpop legit triggered him because how true it is JFL.
JBK undefeated
SKC, koreans have small dix
im pretty sure im bigger then you.
#JBK
This. eventually the JBK fad will wash away because women will find out that the average size of korean penis is only 4 inches...
that is not your dick gook
u korean half-men average like 3 inch XD
aite dicklet keep coping
also u subhumans dont have body hair
u are not fooling anybody chink XDD
All the Indian and Paki girls in my lab are obsessed with k dramas and have Korean guys as their screensavers. One Paki girl was even talking about how her mom has a shirtless pic of some Korean dude as her screensaver kek.
this is either fake or very outdated
ur dick cant even penetrate nigger
It penetrated your mom very well last night.
source?
Thank God for Koreans, op btfo
Kek
