How to get rid of tranny thoughts?
Yes I will make this thread everyday
You can't. I have a gf (female) and I still watch tranny porn
Break phone and pc.
Now you're free.
Your tranny thoughts will slowly disapear over the next few weeks without access to porn and social media.
Transition obviously, that's the whole point. You stop thinking about being the opposite sex when you just accept yourself as one and live as one and then you can move on with your life
Probably stop having strong feelings about trooners
At a certain point you just have to let go and allow your mind to do its thing
Not possible. I will always consider myself as male because I was born with a cock. 
Add in facial hair, deep voice, male skeleton, male socialization, and society sees me as a male
The truth is, you're just a coward. You're afraid of putting in the effort, you're afraid of failing. It's easier to just say it's impossible than work hard or take risks. That's how all robots respond to their problems.
you can just present as a feminine man, nothing wrong with that. unless you are actually trans these thoughts are just an urge to escape your traditional view on what being a man entails. you can be both a man and behave somewhat woman like
Op dont listen to >>73029348
trooning is about the most retarded thing you can do, literally just stop rotting your brain with screens.
take a total break off all socials and the internet for a good few weeks, spend those hours you usually think of degenerate shit to work out or go outside and do something better w ur life.
You can't anon, if you have gender dyshporia you'll suffer plenty by trying to be someone you aren't your whole life, i did it for 4 years and i was on the brink of suicide, the only thing that can bring you happiness is accepting who you are.
The only options I see are the uncle Ted route or uncle Sam where i enlist in the Navy and live in a submarine
Unironically i felt this so much whenever i would go to class in uni, my course was full of women, and it made me miss so many classed because i'd get so jealous, something similar happened when my cousing started growing her chest, that also pissed me off so much that i could no longer be in her presence, now all those things don't bother me anymore, not having to worry every single day about your body wasting away as a male is so liberating.
By 2050, over 50% of under 30 males are projected to troon out.
Psilocybin or LSD. Gender dysphoria is a symptom of self-obsession, or ego. You need to lose your ego and come to the understanding that identity is an illusion and what you call 'I' doesn't really exist.
You can't, if they've persisted for long enough. Just take estrogen.
Okay, Freudchud
Stop watching porn and get off boards like this. For me the main thing that made me stop having tranny thoughts was to be less chronically online and read books. Basically try to live like a normal person. Not "normal" like the way most people live today but as a genuine human being. The fact that the idea you could become the opposite sex is even something in your head and doesnt sound completely stupid is only because you live in a world where that sort of thing is claimed by the media and by people on the internet.
No one is transgender you need to realize this. Get this out of your head it is impossible. You only have dysphoria because you have been brainwashed.
Interact with women and understand them, then you'll realize that you'll NEVER think like one, let alone actually be one. You fetishize being female from the male perspective
I'd love to date a tranner and inject her with estrogen
You have been brainwashed by right-wing media, and within 5 years you are going to regret all of your decisions (or lack thereof)
Right wing people are just as brainwashed as troons. Just be a normal fucking person stop getting all your ideas about life from internet people
Good thing trans people don't get all their ideas from being online, and rather get their ideas from living in a body they despise and being forced to suffer until they're finally allowed to start hrt, you can't compare the two.
This is boomer tier advice. I have had these thoughts before I knew what the internet was. I don't watch porn. 
I might just suicide.
Please don't, why do you have to resort to suicide when you can have a happy life?
if you want to repress instead of transitioning, you'll just have to learn to put up with the thoughts. Idk, practice meditation to learn how to tune them out I guess
not entirely true. there definitely are people who just are into this because of porn addiction, but there are also people who legitimately feel that way, and avoiding porn and 4chan isn't going to change that for them
it's the truth. ego is the great illusion of our age and gender dysphoria is a direct consequence. 
also freud was a hack, read alan watts you pleb
What option leads to a happy life?
no one in sound mind legitimately feels that way
I was visiting the gay board here the other day. There I heard some wisdom. Think it went somehow like this...
"Am I gay if I think about fucking men all the time?" 
Like.... Really concentrate hard on that one. The level of cope from human beings sometimes is almost ridiculous. You just are trans. People like you have existed throughout the ages. Lot of gays had to marry and keep up the facade. Lot of women had to marry men they detested for family reasons. Life was never fair but now in some parts of the world, I guess it is getting more fair. Do what you wish that info. Either endure or just trans. The latter could open up a new world for you, but you never might be able to go back.
Unironically you cant unless you could have the potential to look like a woman. If you can't look like a woman no matter what you're going to suffer no matter what you do and repression or transition wont matter. 
The brutalist blackpill is that there is no easy solution to having tranny thoughts unless you're in the top 0.1% of trannies that got early intervention, who unlike you or I will never experience any dysphoria or suffering from their bodies, you're likely just going to hate your body until the day you die.
Yeah no shit. It sucks. The problem is that transitioning won't do shit to my chromosomes or primary sex characteristics. It can't reverse the irreversible.
Yeah, hell. Kill yourself groomer, he will never be a woman
By taking estrogen you retarded faggot
Take your faggot pills faggot
Just stop being a faggot, OP. It's as shrimple as that!
Where in the Bible does it say that trannies go to hell?
You're beta so probably impossible
Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural sexual relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed shameful acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their error.
That's just talking about homosexuality. 
Also if god exists then why did he make my life pointlessly more difficult?
Shove your god up your ass.
well yeah but quitting porn and 4chan won't change that for them
Atheism is so cringe.
Take drugs, kill a bare. Simple as.
because wisdom comes from suffering, embrace it, praise it, welcome it, and then you will become enlightened
I'm tired of this religious schizo bullshit. 
Where's the results? All of these stories and yet 0 evidence they are real. What about all the other religions? 
People like you shit on science but at least it gives results.
Transitioning, being your true self.
It sounds ro me like you have internalized transphobia, why does all of this matter? 
People don't care about chromosomes, when I go outside, luckily I pass pretty well, people see a girl, their first reaction isn't asking me what chromosomes I have because it doesn't matter, if you look good, and guess what, you can increase your chances the sooner you start, no one will give you shit for it, you aren't transitioning to a biological woman, you are transitioning to a trans woman.
Go to r/trans and r/transpassing and see how the average tranny looks
they dont pass, they just look like ugly men in dresses and makeup 
And yet they are happier than most of the people on this board.
Not really.
Like half of them eventually blow their brains out even though they gave in to their schizophrenia and persued "transitioning" from male to male in a dress.
I'm worried about society. 
First I will let my family down and their entire social circle will mock them. I feel like I will betray my mom. 
Next I'm worried about how the world will see me. As a quiet guy I am mostly unnoticed but being trans puts a target on my back. 
Even if I do pass, I can't keep it a secret from everyone. It's embarrassing being trans. I haven't told anyone about myself. Not even on discord
Deworm and detox...Specially if there is some scat to it.
Not true. Oddly my gay and tranny thoughts increase when I stop fapping for awhile. I rarely fap to gay/trans shit.
Nah, most trans suicides have to do with not being able to access hrt, honestly the fact that the ugly ones knew they weren't going to suddenly turn into models, that they were most likely going to look ugly, should shed some light on how much it hurts being forced to live in a body you despise, it's their only option to avoid a premature death.
If you were to tell your family, and they wouldn't be supportive of you, not even straight away, because I understand it may be shocking for most people at first, then the truth is they never loved you to begin with, they loved the idealization of who you were in their mind, not you as a real person, the only one who would be betrayed by them would be you.
My family wasn't supportive at first, but now they see the night and day difference between how I used to be and how I am happy now, that I am no longer depressed and suicidal, that I am able to go outside and live my life, they see me smile, and they're happy for me, this is true for the vast majority of parents out there, they'd rather have a daughter than a dead son.
It's true that being trans puts a target on your back, but it really isn't as bad as you think, most people either don't care or are supportive, I too used to believe everyone was going to hate me over it, but it's something I thought exclusively because of years of conditioning on 4Chan, real life isn't like that.
Go jack off, man. that'll kill em
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaivgGELQbE [Embed]
