Can therapy cure pedophilia?
Yes, of course.
And I would add some led pills of caliber 9mm applied directly to the head.
That would work.
Ignore this demoralizer. You don't need to be a monster if you don't want to be
American """pedophilia""" or actual pedophilia?
One is just a term to demonize straight men the other is a legitimate mental illness.
therapy can't cure anything except excess disposable income
Gotta use more technical speak in order to obfuscate your desires for them. Try:
likely.
funny how everyone wants to murder pedos but are okay with homosexuals (who are often pedos, see the "kid shows" and other shite)
The best therapy for pedophilia is regularly masturbating to child porn to numb the urges, but they won't allow it because of moralfaggotry so children get raped instead.
says the person on r9k
gay fags get more faggy watching gay porn.
it's called the incel to tranny pipeline for a reason.
t. "compassionate" reddit psychopath
Literally impossible. Once you hit puberty and still find yourself attracted to little kids then there's no cure other than either killing yourself or coming clean about it. The thing is, You have a good chance of a therapist ratting you out and the feds will put you on a sex offender registry. (Yes, even if you're non-offending and not doing anything illegal) If it sounds like actual pedophilia.
It's best to kill your sex drive and go with a therapist OP it's better than nothing
Imagine being this retarded lmao lolifag talking points on steroids
take your meds retardcels???
https://sci-hub.ru/10.2307/40441324
its actually probably some kind of aversion therapy wherein you associate the urge with some pleasant sensation 
also anyone like that should have their computer or other device monitored 24/7
*unpleasant 
i dont know why the fbi autocorrected it
Cope, if incels didn't have access to pornography as their only outlet, they would be out raping women in the street. Same with pedos.
gets the noggin joggin
I heard the new shotgun therapy is pretty effective
