my bpd girlfriend started yelling at me in public
i can't broke up with her tho, i dont want to an incel anymore, i cant go back
break up with her and date me :)
Men like you are pathetic.
shut the fuck up u dont have a girlfriend incel
why do men see pussy in such high regard i dont get it
fr. dick is much better pussy is overrated
Do you see yourself being able to deal with this for the rest of your life? Being alone is better then being trapped in a cycle of mistreatment for the rest of your life
none are better both suck tf
you would love my dick bro no lie
and what did you do to deserve it? i'm sure there was something.
It's not 100% about the pussy. It's about how I will literally never be hugged or cared about outside a relationship. So sometimes it's better to put up with bullshit instead of being completely alone.
I started talking with a bpd fembot it was a mistake. Hardly ever shares anything or shows interest in the things I say. But I stop sending messages and it's
Like what the fuck do you want from me bitch? You could respond once with more than 3 words.
how would she respond
With more than 3-4 words to say.
Thought this said "should". It's just shit like "yeah that's cool, yeah I agree, you're right anon"
maybe she is not really used to communicating with you directly through text. you are unfairly applying feelings to something that can be explained by physical circumstance.
There is less anxiety involved with sharing over text. If she isn't used to it she could spare me the effort in trying completely one sided. It isn't easy for me to fully lead a conversation every waking moment knowing she'll also have a problem with us talking less.
i can understand your perspective. but people cannot always force out a good response, especially if they are naturally a socially anxious person irl. it doesn't have to be perfectly executed - isn't it more important that you are practicing communicating with her in the first place
I could get the same practice talking to a brick wall. A chat ai would have more independent thought, offer more variation. If you mean she needs the practice I am still doing it I'm not going to ghost her or anything I care about her its just frustrating.
mold her into the perfect girl then you fucking idiot.
BPD girls have zero personality, they just copy other people and adapt themself to what they think others want to hear, they have no sense of identity
Anyway, did you get her to send nudes yet? where is she from
how often do you fuck? is she insane in bed? whats her most crazy kink
Your romantic partner is the only person who will give you any consideration or love or care or give a single fuck about you in any capacity besides maybe your parents (if you are lucky) as a guy. Women get love and support for free, we don't. We get absolutely nothing and people would be okay if we just died. You know how suicidal people often say shit like "no one would care if I disappeared." That sort of statement is absolutely true for a huge proportion of men when they are single.
