Why do Pajeets lie casually? What's wrong with them?
you just posted another indian thread immediately after this one. maybe wait 10-15 between seething racebait spam threads.
Why are people so hung up on what race is most attractive? It's not you getting laid, so who cares?
indians are really really dishonest. that's the culture of india. in india, it's the social norm to cheat each other. for example, rickshaw drivers lie to their customers all the time.
Has to do with the race dynamics.
Indians are just complete utter bottom tier. Even they know it. So they cope with lowkey psyops or indirect lies to make themselves appear more successful then they are. Unlike other races that just comes out saying your women love us bullshit threads lol.
Why do people talk about India like it's one collective unit (not just the country but the entire subcontinent)
Its like saying "Europeans are like this" when there' big differences between a dude from Azerbaijan as opposed to a dude from Sicily, Norway to Portugal, England to Serbia, etc
Like is a Maldividian or some guy from Bhutan going to be the same as a dude from Delhi or Karachi? 
Chinese and Koreans are more ethnically similar than most Indian close proximity to eachother in the same country, maybe even the same state sometimes but people act like there's this massive difference between Koreans and Chinese. But China is also an ethnically diverse region even though they don't like to admit it. But many Chinese people are going to be indiscernable from South Koreans. Imo Japanese people are much ethnically different from Chinese and Korean people. 
Typical japanese pheno
http://humanphenotypes.net/Choshiu.html
Here's a common Korean one
http://humanphenotypes.net/ManchuKorean.html
 For example
 People running an independent business try to get as much money as possible
You got shit for brains don't you? There's scummy ones and there's honest ones.
Because you're on 4chan.
Also it's an image issue. These people cocksuck east Asians because of Kpop and Japanese media. They're monkeys that fall prey to the same brain traps that most other monkeys do 
From what I've seen Indians seem to think it's not their place to make media catering to others tastes, but only to their own. That's a small part of what causes this shit.
That + the mentality of Indians in India is sadly very different. Like you said, it's not one collective unit, but I can't even point this shit out without being called self hating or something.
I dont know because I have a lot of tamil friends but immigrants from Punjab piss me off. There's so many Indians in my city that I can tell specific behaviours from certain regions so it sounds retarded to me when people say "Indians". Its like if I said "north americans" and I'm talking about a nigga in fuckin Puerto Rico
I also read a shitton of stuff about ancient India and realized it was never really all that unified until recently in history 
But people do the same shit with "Russians". Like which Russians man that's a big ass fucking continent
pajeet coping
I know u pajeets are not all the same. You make fun of the NorthEast Pajeets who are objectively more attractive then you JFL.
India is a country. As is Japan. Its not a continent like Africa... u are coping hard. And people do say "North Americans" well they just say Americans.
Russia is a continent
Its a country u idiot
 Immigrants from Punjab piss me off
Imo it's mostly Punjabis and especially gujratis. The rest seem fine
For some context I'm "Indian" in origin but I was pretty much raised in a western way and my family's Catholic. Not saying this to sound better than anyone, it just is what it is. 
Yeah both these places seem to have tons of different phenotypes, and frankly this kind of retarded blanketing seems to be more of a north American thing. I've talked to eurofags even on here that seem far more level headed and exposed to the world in general.
 Objectively more attractive than you
Because they're stuck up people. They care about their own and only their own. And they don't really seem to have brains in their heads. The ones at work literally just favour each other and suck up to white people, kinda sad.
 India is a country, as is japan
Most Japanese people are far more genetically similar to one another than Indians.
If you look at the history of India like the other guy said, it was a bunch of smaller distinct kingdoms that were invaded first by Muslims and then by the Brits.
You have 0 idea of what you're talking about, but hey I guess you said "cope" which makes you right by default.
Yeah I can see how being catholic can create a disconnect with other diaspora. Hinduism is srs bsns for a lot of people. Same thing with Muslims and Hindus, etc
Also from the country India or from the subcontinent? I've met a lot of Christians from Sri Lanka usually
stop raping women
I think he's talking about Northeast Indians like the East Asian looking ones. Is there really some sort of beef with them in the West? I've never met one
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naga_people
This is what the other guy is talking about
Ah yeah my bad. I personally have no issue with northeast Indians. I know they get harassed in India, and to me it just seems like straight up racism
I know some northeast Indians who run a Chinese restaurant near my place, they're pretty nice people.
As for beef with them in the west, I doubt it. 
You do realize that a lot of guys that do this seem to be arrested by the police there even without these women reporting them right?
Don't be a dumbass. These guys are pieces of shit, and even people there recognize it
Country, but wasn't born there and never lived there. Used to go there some summers as a kid, but never really liked it. It has its nice aspects but never really felt like it was nice
Meant to say *never really felt at home there
Yeah I mean that makes sense if you're raised in the West. Also the climate and air quality difference is probably brootal to adapt to
Why do people always get so upset over india?
No one gets upset when anyone generalizes entire USA or entire Europe
it's just indians that cannot be criticized with spergs showing up
Entire Europe slander triggers my autism too tbqh
you do not question india or indians
it's like trying to understand an alien culture
Not the west, but in a fairly westernized country and then moved to the west.
Lol why lie?
It's not because you criticize them, but it's real nasty shit like rape (when all of the surrounding countries have far higher reported rape rates and cultures that discourage reporting rape even more in the first place). You don't stereotype even worse shitholes like Pakistan or Bangladesh. You don't talk about how rapes go unpunished in places like Korea either.
Generalizations about Europe tend to be lame shit like "bland food" (which obv isn't true) or stuff like school shootings for the us, which aren't blamed on any one racial group (even though there's a clear pattern there)
You can and should question them. But you just don't ask the right questions. The place is shit, but noone seems to really care about why, and the ones from there get mad as hell when anyone says anything even slightly negative. It's just not possible to really have a decent discussion about that place
its like when people argue about which fictional character wins in a fight. They feel validated by the association.
which aren't blamed on any one racial group 
lmao cope. Every normie thinks White when they think of school shooter
Every normie thinks White when they think of school shooter
Koreans got that kekekeke tho
majority of shooters are either jewish or hispanic
high score was korean
jewish or hispanic
cope
high score was korean
cope maybe in school shooting. mass shooting was a derranged balding white guy with his sea monkey wife. Las vegas.
JFL.
don't forget to dilate
You will always be Indian
it's the polfag refugee problem
they come here and try to insist that because chad is getting laid, all white incels should be happy. shameful cuckold mentality desu.
jewish or hispanic
cope
so no argument
i will also add the worst shootings of all time were in kenya and pakistan
if india and pakistan were a bunch of smaller countries then people would be more cognizant of the subtleties between them. but when its one big country its a different psychology at play. sri lanka and bangla are seen as distinct because they clearly have their own turf the rest of the world can see. balochistan isnt distinct on a map so no one gives a shit
the psychology works from the inside too. young men all across india have one flag in common and they all serve in the military together, fueling broad nationalist sentiment
their doesnt need to be an arguement they're white.
every normie will continue seeing them as white. coping on 4chan wont change that narrative little guy.
Read whats in brackets right after that, I'm not coping. It's just that you can't say it out loud
that is hilarious and made me lolface. no one loves pajeets, not even other pajeets. its just a fact of reality.
Lol dude as a Bangladeshi I just get called an Indian or a jeet. People don't even know its a different country. 
I aint even mad at pakistan slander though for obvious reasons
Yeah I'm not surprised. At the end of the day I feel like phenotype matters more than anything. Not much that can be done especially with these countries/corrupt politicians giving more of a shit about bleeding their own populations dry than about foreign image management 
 For obvious reasons 
Kek'd
Met plenty of nice Pakistanis, but idk how their government isn't considered a terrorist org
basically same ethnically. no one cares and u are still a smelly pajeeet. go shit in street
So look at the comment below yours (last sentence) and then look at the map here. See what I'm talking about man lol
I read somewhere and saw a statistic that like 90%ish of all feces in water comes from India.
Fucking gross bunch of subhumans
Yeah not surprised. These people are idiots
Most of the "shitting in the street" crap happens in small backwards villages anyway.
I think part of the issue is that a lot of media in India is in English, whereas a lot of these other countries don't cover stories like this in English, which makes these stories far less likely to propagate in western media.
Your caste system is trash, India-anon, keep that shit inside your shithole, i don't wanna deal with it. Yes i'm racist. Yes i hate indians. Show bobs and vagana
It's pretty much a thing in a lot of SEA and apparently Mongolia too but near nonexistent in Sri Lanka or BD, but idk that isn't as easy to meme
jews and spics are white
lol
 Acting like Indians don't leave that place to get away from the caste system
Then again your image of choice is some underaged anime bitch with guns. Ret.
Yeah well it's obvious the people here prefer Asians. Most of them think of Asia as some mail order bride heaven
I feel like NEA gets precedence over SEA here but I think SEA in a lot of ways is cooler than NEA
Basically NEA gets dicksucked over here a lot more than SEA
Then again your image of choice is some underaged anime bitch with guns. Ret.
I don't give a shit, You take that shit with you even if you want to escape it, i have to deal with it at work when a lot of my coworkers are indian. If there was some kind of rule that would get my nation to throw you guys back where you belong i would snitch the fuck out of everyone
