"I was a young horny kid that liked to send videos to a guy that I liked. I'm not gonna let anyone shame me for it because it is what it is."
Be underage slut
Take nudes of yourself and them to random guys
They get leaked
OMG WHY THIS HAPPEN! STOP SEXUALISING ME!
Youre all pedos!
I was just like a horny teenager! ITS NORMAL!
Women have ZERO accountability. Whilst this probably a publicity stunt typical of an e-thot its pathetic that women can and do take nudes of themselves when theyre underage, share them but only the person who views them is the bad guy. WTF?
She is peak female beauty. Fembots will never compare. Women hate her so much simply because of how beautiful she is it's so funny to watch them seethe over her just existing.
How exactly is having thousands of leering pervets spamming your inbox somehow "accountability" for taking nudes? Taking nudes harms no one, so there's no need to be "accountable" to anyone/. This is just bad internet shit happening.
Something has to harm you for it to be wrong
Yes thats right, it isnt her fault!
How can you expect to send nude photos of a minor to someone and have it be everyones fault but your own?
Minors should be allowed to send their own nude photos to anyone they want. It's their photo and they took it.
Then people get to look at them. They dont own the pic once its sent. Its the receivers photo.
Sure, but they're still allowed to be annoyed or upset that people are using them in.a way you didn't intend. That's basically the entire basis of intellectual property law. The only reason she can't sue is that technically people have to sell the pics, first.
Sure, but they're still allowed to be annoyed or upset that people are using them in a way you didn't intend.
Uhhh not theyre not. You stick your hand in a fire, its your fault if you get banned. Being a slut is not normal or acceptable behaviour AND every single person on the planet knows that sending nudes will mean they will end up on the internet. The world doesnt revolve around you, you dont get to decide how other people react to your piss poor decisions.
Be 15, have E cup boobs
poses topless at 15 in as public newspaper
Parents encouraged her to do it
Gets a modelling contract to pose topless and nude at 16
Does this for years
Anyone in posession of said photos is a criminal but not her
This isnt an UA pic btw mods.
Oops forgot the pic. Same again, shes 19 in this.
Being a slut is not normal or acceptable behaviour AND every single person on the planet knows that sending nudes will mean they will end up on the internet. 
Using hyperbole like this just proves how retarded you really are.
This thread reeks of jealous roastie larping as chud hating on some random woman because she is pretty. No guy would ever care enough to look into Madison beers controversies.
stating facts I dont like is a [incorrectly used term] so I am right and you are wrong
Yes it is not my fault if I get burned
t. roastie with nudes online
I'm a man, have never published nudes online, and certainly have not been "burned," but have fun fighting the evil fiods that live in your head.
NOOOO you can't just usethis specific female as an example for your argument! Y-youre jealous!
Something a jealous roastie whos nudes got "leaked" would say
I'm a man
but have fun fighting the evil fiods that live in your head.
Taking nudes harms no one, so there's no need to be "accountable" to anyone/.
