i'm new to this subculture but i was a femcel my whole life but i met my bf last year on tinder. before that, i was alone my whole life. dating apps have made it easier to date than ever so why would you rather complain every day about being lonely instead of just downloading an app?
I tried that once. I matched with a cute girl and she message me. I get scared and delete app. I cant really interact with people normally at all.
I've had girlfriends before and can use a dating app.
But I don't because my teeth are mostly all rotted out now and my house is covered in trash piles and piss and I have intestinal problems and haven't really gone outside or talked to people in years.
went on tinder
Can't get a match, I was luckier without pics
So starved of love that going on grindr looks like a decent option
Getting attention but noone is slightly feminine
Gets matches with cis girls and "non binary girls"
But I'm an autist that can't text a girl and I will prolly never recover front that
because i feel too inadequate to even attempt dating, considering no woman has ever even considered me a relationship prospect in the past. i have only my negative inner critic telling me I'm a piece of shit, combined with no evidence or outside validation proving that wrong. i am too old to explain away the lack of experience. it's a red flag. I also don't want to hook-up or be judged solely on a photograph that doesn't even have a description. I want a long-term meaningful relationship, but I feel unworthy of one.
I've been ignored my entire life. I expect to be ignored on Tinder as well. My hopes of a relationship blossoming by going about life normally for 30+ years never yielded anything. I'd rather not waste my time in the wild that is Tinder if I have nothing worth offering in the first place.
i'm not even bad looking, but i get no matches due to hoeflation/hypergamy. being in a small town doesn't help
Oh god not this shit again. Can you leave us alone, please?
This is a shit thread which will have over 100 responses. /thread
Confusing times, these are
pic of my tinder, 
I've tried on multiple occasions to get a gf out of this but conversations just whittle away after a short while and I cant think of anything to get them to exchange contacts. How does an autist who doesnt go out much get someone off of this?
I think shit like that can work for "failed normalfags", but not for genuinely neurodivergent people. I honestly think it's crazy that people just start talking to a totally new person with the idea in mind that "this is going to be sex/a relationship", without even seriously getting to know them first. I can't even imagine dating a girl who I haven't gotten to know very deeply for maybe a year or so before entering the relationship.
what's there to be scared of?
fix your teeth
fix your bio and pics
same but i got a bf on tinder
just talk about whatever you want and ask to meet up irl?
Roasties always want what they can't have and try to compete with trannies even though guys who go for trannies are usually doing that because they weren't able to get roasties to begin with.
Guys way better than me are in left swipe hell
I don't know how to take good pics for dating apps. Maybe a femanon (xy or xx doesn't matter) can give me some tips..?
basically, all of these women I'm waiting for the moment in the conversation when I can ask them to meet up. I can't just ask it out of the blue. I bet if I did it out of the blue before you haven't even replied to an earlier topic in the convo, you wouldn't agree to meet up either. Only one girl so far it happened and it was cuz there's a movie I wanted to watch in cinemas. I dont think you understand how hard it is from the guy's perspective.
You know there's literally like 4X as many men than women on every fucking app right? your advice is useless.
Ask your boyfriend if you can pretend to be him to get an idea of what it's like fir men.
You have no fucking idea how hard it is, I don't hate you for giving advice, but you have no idea what you're talking about at all.
I will never touch online dating. Also, go fuck yourself OP
hello, bait-anon. i see your busy baiting for attention. usually your baits are higher quality than this, but im sure you will still hit tripple digit posters in your thread, lel
I've used tinder on and off for years. The girls I matched with either ghost on the 2nd or 4th reply, or they reject when I ask to meetup. It's literally a waste of time, every girl has 10 blokes competing for her at any given time minimum.
I can't even bother to make it to the bathroom and have just started pissing on the floor instead.
I don't have the energy to go to a titanium dental implants place and take time off from work to do that and maybe get told they won't even agree to help me because I don't see doctors and then I'll need to go take more time off and see a regular doctor to get a note that says I can have dental implants and then I'll need to take more time off from work and go back to the dental implant place and then they'll probably have me come in three more times or something.
My teeth fell apart in the first place because when I tried seeing a dentist early on when the first couple of teeth rotted and fell out he was a dick about it and gave me a list of 4 other specialists I would need to see one after the other to fix them when it took me a month to work up the energy and schedule around the time just to see him to begin with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7nX_9t2RJQ [Embed]
This
I will sometimes wonder what I did so wrong in the conversation to lose them and then the realization strikes that, of course, they'll get bored when 5 new guys start talking to them. I have to accept the fact that I have to take every opportunity I get and girls like OP are never starved of options on these apps. And it's not like I'm bad looking. I get some matches but girls dont use it to find a bf 90% of the time. Just as a "hot or not" rater like one of the girls told me outright. If you are an introvert and don't go out too much you have no way of ever meeting these women regardless of the fact that you can get matches.
You're not an incel.
You're all normalfaggots LARPing as incels. It's pathetic.
How often do you get matches?
