Am I pathetic for still being angry at bullies from like age 11? It's not like I think about it often but I still.
I'm 30 and I regularly remember everyone who's ever fucked with me my entire life
I'm 30 and I regularly remember everyone who's ever fucked with me my entire life
Timeblindness truly be like
Yes.
lt is.
OriginaIIy.
.t brainlet that "doesn't remember his childhood"
36 and I still do too.
I've plotted horrible revenge against them, but some live at the opposite end of the country or down under.
No. I'm still severely traumatized by my primary school bullies and have nightmares about them. I met one of them on the street a few months ago, he's now 18, and he was with a group of 15 people. They started harrassing me and screaming at me and chasing me around and calling me emo. I confronted them and the dude didn't even recognize me, so this just proves that they never changed and they'll be assholes forever. I'm literally a 5'2 weak ass bitch and I had no chance. They recorded me and were screaming like fucking chimps. 
You aren't pathetic. These people deserve to die, they deserve to be slaughtered like pigs in some underdeveloped farm. All they do is ruin lives and contribute nothing to society.
based and true
but that'll never happen, they'll succeed while we rot in a ditch somewhere. haha.
Yeah true
The female bullies I had are now in one of the best highschools, they're rich, they're pretty, they have like 100 friends, they go out partying since they were like 16 and I'm rotting in my room every single day and go out like once a month and even then I manage to get shit on by random ass groups of popular teens
When I asked them why they were doing this to me and asked them what's wrong with me to deserve this, one of them, a girl, told me that it's because I'm different from them, but that makes no sense, why the fuck would you harass some random person for just existing and maybe looking or acting a bit different? Can they not experience empathy? I guess I'll never know since you can't even communicate with these idiots
