cant afford a home and all women look like this. god why wasnt i alive in the 70s
Tattoos are amazing because they are the single greatest test of iq you can possibly do
And let me tell ya, most people are stupid
In the '70s you'd also be unable to afford a home due to stagflation and soaring mortgage rates, plus the women would all be hairy
I bought a house a few years ago but 100% of the sex and long term girlfriends I've had were from when I was still living in an apartment or was in school living with my parents.
By the time I got old enough to have money and a house my health and teeth fell apart and I don't have the willpower to go schedule and attend all the different medical appointments that would be required to fix them.
Where do you people live. I keep seeing 
you people say this shit but I have literally never seen a woman in real life with more than 1 tattoo
plus all the women would be hairy
B A S E D
Where do you people live.
More pressing question, where do you live?
I can't walk downtown without seeing a walking trainstation toilet in yogapants within two minutes.
i don't have any tattoos or dyed hair, but i also only date leftist men. right wing men/redpillers hate women, you can only blame yourself.
leftist 'male' fingers detected, 2/10
Nice what's up, down with capitalism, I hate chuds. What's your discord?
I'm leftist and hate women.
I live amongst other well-off white people who actually have jobs so that's probably a large contributor. You should try it sometime
Even among those you have tons of impressionable muh streetcred idiots or those who try to hide their not-yet-lasered-away youth under long sleeves around here.
you should fix the teeth because infections enter your brain and then make you depressed and ill
That's not how depression works, schizo. If an infection were to enter your brain, depression would be the least of your worries.
Also, to the other anon, get your teeth fixed.
I'm already terminally depressed and ill.
I live amongst other well-off white people who actually have jobs
What a vague statement. Almost like ur fucking lying.
My dads first house in the mid 70's cost him a grand total of 10k GBP. This was in the north of England, where he was an apprentice electrician. In the 90s my parents bought the current house I am in right now for 110k GBP, which is now worth >600k GBP. The idea that I will ever own a house anywhere close to the one I currently reside in, in the South of England is very unrealistic.
Misogyny has no political affiliation. The only difference is that leftists hate them covertly
if a guy doesn't hate andrea dworkin and he doesn't get personally offended by the concept of feminism, he's instantly 10/10. if he also reads a book written by a woman once in a while, 11/10.
malleable idiots are automatic 10/10
Think on males you call that mindset "groomers"
men shouldn't have critical thinking skills
lol
it is only 'critical' thinking when you are okay with absolving me from all consequences of my own actions and support my extra gibs!
loool
The 1970s was when it all went wrong with the economy, anon. It never recovered.
Though presumably it was much easier to get pussy. Also music and films were great.
https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/
Not true at all, you retarded cum-swallowing faggot.
