-Post art you like 
-The reason you like it
-Name of the artist 
Just wanted to switch things up a bit here as I'm sure we probably have some artists on this board (though you don't have to be to share). We are basically creating our own art exhibit as more posters come in the thread. None of this has to reversed, just stuff you like. You can post art from even someone you follow on Twitter, lol. Let's just try to have a good time guys.
This is art, right?
Don't ask about robodump1.jpg
imagine the vibes
Is this art? I honestly can't tell
Or is it not art? Feedback appreciated
The thread was worth it just so I could see this, so cool.
can you tell me what I'm looking at?
uhhhh nah
Behold, I have made this art.
I like it because it looks sick af and is very nostalgic for me. I loved Scary Stories To Read In The Dark as a kid. The artists name is Stephen Gammel
I loved these books
Is metalworking art?
The Biting Pear of Salamanca
If you don't recognize this influential artwork, I laugh out loud and openly question what you've been doing.
is this a bull passing through dimensions?
I looked him up, he's made some cool shit.
-The reason you like it
Completely shattered my view of what Angels looked like. This is actually a more accurate representation of them.
-Name of the artist
Dan Hillier
-The reason you like it
Completely shattered my view of what Angels looked like. This is actually a more accurate representation of them.
-Name of the artist
Dan Hillier
silly blue cat
made by my favorite artist louis wain
Another art from Mr. Wain.
The colors are so vibrant.
I made this the other day
ngl, pretty cool. I really like the sharp differences between the sky and the beach.
I should clarify, I mean the sharp difference in color of the two.
I've been getting deep into Edgar Allan Poe lately and become obsessed with Harry Clarke's illustrations for his stories. This one is for "The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar", one of my favourites.
I like it because it encapsulates everything great about visual horror: disgust, shock, gloom, mystery, etc.
Favorite story, original?
NTA, but I've always like The Cask of Amontillado. Short and sweet.
The Fall of the House of Usher. It's pretty much perfect from start to finish, extremely subtle and unnerving in its implications. It blows my mind that Poe wrote it when he did, given the state of "horror" at the time.
I like this because it's a pug eating ice cream painted in an outsider art style with soft idk pastels or something it's pleasing to the eye and makes me smile. He has other works like a pug on the shitter, a pug flossing his teeth, just good shit. This one speaks to me the best. You can find prints on ebay I have one in cubist style of a pug but it's by a different artist I always confuse the two because they both draw pugs but other dogs as well
Thanks for the suggestion guys, will have to read them.
https://voca.ro/1jpbSxTLla6i
I suppose this is exhibiting art, with a reading of the short story I suggested? I'll continue if anyone likes, I quite enjoy reading these stories out loud. I tried to do a voice, I'm not that great at them but I'd like to improve, and this is quite fun practice.
I saw this here the other day and thought it was pretty cool.
For sure, but could you read a bit slower?
https://voca.ro/19puBW8EvH1Q
Tried to go a bit slower, I do have a tendency to read a little fast. And that's the end, thought it'd take me longer than that. A few hiccoughs here and there, sorry for the occasional stammer.
Did you do drama in highschool?
No, I never did. I'll choose to take that as a compliment though, thanks!
guessing it's your favorite animal?
bumping 4 more art
This is from an artist my mother likes, it's pretty cool.
you have a name of the artist for us?
Pretty much anything from Micah Mullen looks pretty cool. I like it because it reminds me a lot of patterns I've seen on LSD and other psychedelic drugs. I visited his stand in Ann Arbor Michigan when they were doing the Ann Arbor Art Fair.
picrel is his art style
All the art at the art fair was pretty expensive, but he had these little paintings of Peter Griffin done in his art style. It's a really small painting that fits in your hand.
Pretty cool art and cool guy. It's the only art at the fair I was impressed with. The rest of the art was fine art aka art that's meant to be sold to the rich folk of Ann Arbor.
I'm actually super close to there, is it really worth going to?
thats actually really cool. i used to draw stuff of a similar sort but never put it all together so well. i need to find more artists like this
This picture you posted, I remember seeing a video about it that was talking about some type of rare gigantic waves that occur in the occeans, way bigger than normal tsunamies.
Rogue waves is the name for these kind of waves, here is the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tktJss1x0eA&amp;ab_channel=EmpLemon [Embed]
"Boy with Apple" a Renaissance masterpiece by the artist Johannes Van Hoytl the Younger.
This is my shit right here.
This is art.
I love this painting because it is the litmus test for if you are a normalfag or not.
If you're cool, you appreciate it for its bold lines, proportions, and bright color.
If you're lame, you say something like "wow, shapes. I can do that" while having no training, and if you actually tried it, it would be garbage; no, you can't, you brain-dead crapmonger. You are no Piet Mondrian.
I suggest you watch these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O6xDTr8dNM [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YopWyb75G7o&amp;t=2561s [Embed]
he like to shart in mall https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMDs5dio6GI [Embed]
Thanks for sharing this with us
This picture is beautiful in a somewhat scary way.
Are you inspired by city pop.
what is that?
is that yosetsu from ffxiv
