And this is why white guys should never go to first world Asian countries. You will just be standing around and roaming aimlessly by yourselves, utterly ignored by the Korean and Japanese Stacies around you. Stick to SEA countries, whitebros.
Mr.Beast on the bottom right
Most whites guy don't travel to first world Asian countries. Why do you think incels recommend SEAmaxxing instead?
They know they can't compete but wont ever say it out loud.
9:18 timestamp... look at what this mayocel tried to do JFL.. absolutely rejected by a shocked and disgusted Korean Stacy 
https://youtu.be/gRfznX18Y7M?t=558 [Embed]
While I agree, SK women are even worse than western women. All asian women as a whole care far more about wealth than anything else. In the end ALL women care about the same 4 things, just depends on what order they put them in.
This is sour grapes. Korean women are actually angels and by the far the hottest girls in asia, but white guys can only get SEA monkeys and 2/10 Korean bpd femcel rejects, so you cope and slander them.
Found the koreaboo. You're clearly too far gone. Enjoy your delusions. I'm guessing you're a fat self-hating manlet.
Jesus why are mayocels so cringe
KEEEEEEEEK.
Dont bother coming to Korea or Japan unless you are a neurotypical blonde blue eyed normie Chad, or extremely rich. Japanese and Korean women dont want average mentally defective incels.
You will never have a hot Korean gf. Go collect your SEA monkey single mom and keep Korean girls names out of your ugly incel mouth.
No
Japan and Korea wouldn't be the same without legions of mid white guys. They are part of the culture now
I don't want a korean gf as they're shit-tier women. Thanks for admiting I was right by getting incredibly defensive and not even attempting to deny anything. Filtered. Now be a good retarded koreaboo and reply to me when I'll never see it.
Common knowledge.
Yeah if you try you can get dates as an average guy there. But its still like an all you can eat buffet for Chad. (They have their own Chads too)
You want an all you can eat buffet, go to the phillipenes. Thailand is old news, its too saturated now. But there you'll get a real taste of what Chad experiences every day.
Japan and Koreas birth rates are declining despite more white guys visiting their countries than ever. Korean and Japanese girls dont want white manchildren, you will always be a Davido kun tier cringelord.
tf is a mayocel? you retards make up new words every day
You will never be Japanese. You have no ancestry, you have no citizenship. You are a pathetic western male twisted by delusions of Japanese superiority. 
Your exposure to Japanese media and tranime made you into a disgusting mockery of nature. You believed that spending years of your life in your bedroom, learning a globally useless language to a first-grader's level was worthwhile, but one can't expect self awareness from an individual as pathetic as you. 
Real Japanese people may smile and act politely when you greet them in your mangled accent, but deep down they are utterly repulsed by you. Thousands of years of Japanese evolution have allowed natives to identify frauds from mannerisms + vocabulary alone. 
Even if your cheap ill-fitting made in China yukata and begging for Japanese validation like a stray dog somehow passes as normal (it won't), any Japanese person will immediately cut all ties when they hear only a basic Japanese speaker at best. 
You have no skills, accomplishments, or likeability. You will never be happy. You wrench out a fake smile, believing the content that you understand 10% of at best is somehow superior to watching your own kind. But deep inside you feel the depression, ready to crush you under the unbearable weight, reminding you that you will never be Japanese. 
Not even the exotic trait of being a gaijin makes up for how uninteresting of a person you are. Eventually it'll be too much to bear - you'll buy a rope, tie a noose, put it around your neck, and plunge into the cold abyss. Your parents will find you, heartbroken but relieved that they no longer have to live with the unbearable shame of having a weeb for a son. They'll bury you with a headstone marked with your Anglicised birth name, and every passerby will know a Western man is buried there. 
Your body will decay, and all that will remain of your legacy is a skeleton that is unmistakably Caucasian. This is your fate. This is what you chose. There is no turning back.
lol noticed alot of mayocels dont like being called mayocels.
Ive seen a couple of times mayocels claiming it doesnt bother them but keep mentioning the fact it doesnt bother them and telling others to come up with a better insult.
Going by the actions it seems like it bothers them alot.
Ooga booga cave maggot cumstains have no self awareness.
Shut up and go raise Nagathaporns bastard, you fat schlubby loser.
peek a boo I C U
Cope harder Darren. This is your future and dont forget it.
Oof. Dem child bearing hips. Breedable as fuck.
This might be a future for the failed white, but has been the present reality for Asians for centuries
Kek
Aw, its mad. TWC rage is adorable.
White boys are built for fat ugly Asian bastards.
Friendly reminder that all of the Chads who post their pictures on r9k are white. To date there are zero (0) r9koreans able to match up. I know why that is. Do you?
Neither will you chang
Do you want a daddy?
Still sore from the opium wars, eh? Or sore from another land war in Asia?
Do you jerk off to that picture?
wat did jbk mean by this
Whites can't handle taking what they dish out they're pussies.
Still sore from disappearing out of existence?
This is the funniest part, not a single one of the "Koreans" has posted so much as a hand pic with timestamp so you know that they're both out of shape and not actually Korean. These guys are literally larpers pretending to be Korean for a discord raid.
Never forget Chinabros broke white bucks and kicked them out of China. 
Indo European skeletons, chariots and horses were found in mass slave/war captive sacrifice pits in China.
White boy status: buckbroken. 
Mongolchads later raped all the remaining white indo european tribes in Central Asia and basically yeeted them out of existence.
whats the opium wars got to do with korea?
whats china have to do with korea?
White Tocharians were conquered and buck broken by the Han and the Tibetans, then raped, genocided and driven out of Asia entirely by the proto-mongol Xiongnu. Their once lands were then taken over by the Uygurs and Han. 
White boys are a conquered race. 
Each year tens of thousands of them die from fentanyl overdoses. China is still buck breaking whiteboys to this day.
again whats this thread have to do with china.
white girls dont like chinese. they do like korean men tho.
im consistent with my stance on JBK.
unlike Mayocels who flip flop from Korea to Asians to fit ones narrative.
White girls like Korean men this is facts.
They dont like Chinese men. Why are you attaching urself onto us.
There are barely any whites in those nations you fucking retard
Ten replies, all memes and no r9korean physiques posted.
You know why.
Kek.
Whiteboys absolutely seething and foaming at the mouth kek. Truly mindbroken. 
Watch, theyre gonna start spamming their porn webms for hours in 3,2,1
Got one message for you wytboi JFL
https://vocaroo.com/13lCeYLrnooO
Lmao
I don't racemix so i don't care
Fuck you. This is quite literally the most heinous crime of the 21st Century.
