the mental shift between supporting communism because it just is correct and being lazy and born to burgeois parents with money in a thirdie is kinda weird
i feel a bit guilty that i cant do much myself tho
between supporting communism because it just is correct
What's it like being a low IQ thirdie savage?
t. angloid who never left his town
hey man im literally the product of the ones with connections hoard all the money while i see my fellow countrymen essentially starve
its kinda illogical to support the system which actively works againsts you
especially since there is a whole ideology specifically with the solution and a step by step guide on how to get to it
I be fucking big booty white boys. Nothing you can do about it either.
and a step by step guide on how to get to it
so how come it's literally never worked, and even the most ardent communists will say "oh that wasn't REAL communism" because it fails so dramatically every time
Is there any solution to third world poverty or is corruption to entrenched ? 
Do you plan on ditching your country or fixing whatever you can.
don't care, didn't ask + you're a faggot ++ enjoy your aids, faggot
it never was communism because communism literally is a classless stateless worldwide society
it was socialism 
and by fails dramatically i think you mean america+west europe closed trades and placed sanctions on already poorer nations who were also either colonies or just poor
honestly the solution would be to completely dispose of nato usa and eu and then revolutions can actually succeed and dtay in power to fix shit
and i dont know that depends
i technicaly have 0 power and money but if i get anything for myself i might try to fix shit otherwise ill maybe just flee and try to make something out of myself somewhere else
and by fails dramatically
Tired of hearing all the lame excuses as to why a weak system couldn't compete with the free market.
the USA did X that's why communism failed
ok well get gud already then come back
yeah man i dont see why you think supporting the system which literally exists to keep you in the shitter is useful
Sorry it took me long to reply. I was fucking my harem of yt Bois. Hope you understand.
cool it with the antisemitism, goyim
communism has 1000 problems
capitalism has 100 problems
hmm does it makes sense to trade one for the other?
