God will never leave me nor forsake me 
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIuqVjPvN6k&amp;t=8s [Embed]
it sure would be nice if god was real. too bad he obviously isn't.
The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Christcuck arrogance in a nutshell
the book said that people who don't believe in the book are fools
kys retard
A wise man feareth, and departeth from evil: but the fool rageth, and is confident.
For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:
A wise man feareth, and departeth from evil: but the fool rageth, and is confident.
Imagine being proud of not having self-respect or will. Actual sheep shit
i look at "creation" and the obvious conclusion is that an omniscient omnipotent deity would have done a better job than this.
also ur book is retarded
Go figure. A religion would say that people who don't believe in it are wrong.
Why would god create cancer and child mortality?
What about breathing and eating from the same hole?
Why would god create cancer and child mortality?
For teh lulz
Sounds like a massive faggot.
my point is that quoting your book proves nothing, and convinces only yourself.
also nice self portrait
Friendly fire, I am an atheist agreeing with you, anon.
You will find the fire not so friendly, atheist
The same fear tactics the religious have used for the last 10,000 years will surely work this time!
Nope, not in the land of the free times, sorry retard.
if you believe in heaven then why don't you kys so you can get there faster
I would believe in God if there was hot catgirls in heat, but there aren't any so much for that
your schizo talk convinces noone, just as most of christian "outreach"- it's preaching to the choir, only works on people who already believe.
meanwhile atheist/liberal outreach is based on values and epistemology shared by most people, which is why it's so succesful.
no free will
Free will is implicitly Christian though
implying cancer is random and not mutations caused by environmental conditions
unironic mouthbreather
Someone reached out to me.
Free will is implicitly Christian though
2/10
You will find the fire not so friendly, atheist
Hahahaha
implying your god didn't create the environmental conditions that lead to cancer
so you admit he isn't real?
blaming pesticides, plastics and seed oils on God
If you really didn't believe you would just ignore the thread, are you just mad at God?
pawa's tiddy milk
Thinking a god that treats human souls as his unending supply of poker chips to use in the devil's casino is worth worshiping
Thinking a god that does the exact same thing Hitler once did, but to the Nth degree as "His" punishment lasts for eternity is worth worshiping
Thinking a god that makes a huge song and dance of sacrificing his own son to pay for our sins but then still continues to threaten us with eternal damnation if we sin is worth worshiping
Thinking a god that has literal armies of angels singing his praises 24/7 since the beginning of time lest his pathetic ego go unstroked for a single fucking attosecond is worthy of EVEN MORE worship
Thinking a god that will condemn people to eternal damnation even if they try, merely because there just aren't enough free spots in heaven is worthy of worship
Shiggy-diggy-doo
I believe in god, but I don't think the egotistical bastard is worthy of thanks, let alone setting 1/7 of all days aside to kiss his ass. No entity is worthy of worship.
Thinking a god petty enough to eternally punish people over a difference of opinion is worthy of worship
If god was TRULY worth worshiping, he wouldn't need threats of eternal damnation to get some. He'd be fine with whatever he gets, you know, the exact same shit expected of us no matter how many barrels he bends you over throughout the course of your life.
based
Doesn't work like that
Thinking that was bad
Literally doesn't work like that
I don't know enough about the goings-ons in heaven to comment on this
did (you) invent this? the bible doesn't say this
Watch the video in the OP, you don't have an inkling of an understanding of the gospel to the point it is concerning anon. Aside from the whole "worshipping a god of your own creation" stuff you're doing; you're just completely and utterly misinformed.
