https://voca.ro/12ylm7ZGp4MB
femcels do exist. we do exist
Hi tranny. Bye tranny.
you sound no less repulsive than any normal American person. so pretty fucking repulsive, kys
one month on estrogen
Did you ever find out if you have Klinefelter's or not?
Ugly voice. Ugly face. Ugly man. Fuck off
see this is literally what i mean
lol thanks
what is that
Pretty much everybody hates their own voice. If I'm remembering rightly it's because there are 2 ways in which we hear: one is through sound reaching our eardrums, but the other is through vibrations in our bones or something odd like that. The latter is how we hear our own voice when we speak normally. However, when we hear recordings, that mismatch is very, very strange, and leads to a lot of people's hatred of their own voice.
To me, not an American, you just sound like a typical American. I wouldn't worry about it.
You sound fine, retard. Like, it's not a great voice but you don't sound like a tranny or whatever.
Generic voice with no stand out characteristics other than how slurred you talk. Find something else to bitch about.
Here is my response to your compliment fishing:
https://voca.ro/1kdXhOtOjHov
https://voca.ro/12CnupPGpDvO
Dont speak then problem solved
femcels aren't real
are you suggesting you couldn't find a guy, any guy, to take you on a mildly awkward date and then put his dick in you within a week if you made a tinder. are you suggesting that
but he wouldn't be attractive or like or respect me or make an effort to please me in bed
congratu-fucking-lations, men can't even get that
Reminder OP is a dangerous predator known as "Big Soph" who uses the guise of trans to parade his pedophilia.
I hate this piece of shit exists because he does nothing but harm the trans community.
https://voca.ro/1iWc6fp0SKnk
OP, take notes. This is how a real woman sounds.
you are trurly retarded
well thanks anon :)
your voice is cute 
lol
yes i am. guys dont like me
who
why??
Ahem, I fapped
trurly
Lol
u sound so generically american it's disgusting
tfw no euro gf with a cute accent
Whether you're a man or a woman you've got a nice voice 
Sounds strong. I wonder what you look like
thats great anon but next time keep it to yourself :)
femcel
trooncel
https://voca.ro/1faVdjKbgzGi
Sure is, Chekov, but you've gotta get back to the bridge.
sorry anon i was born here
thanks
this is whqt i mean
Are you fucking retarded? its literally >>73027716 I swear the fucking idiots on this board. Absolutely no brain at all. I need to leave this low IQ board for real
i have no clue who that is but its not me lol
you have the wrong person
https://voca.ro/1dmao3mbZSgR
Genuinely curious how ugly my voice sounds to the average person.
they don't need to like you, they like the hole between your legs. just because you're unhappy doesn't make you any kind of cel
https://voca.ro/1oMiSQ7PMUua
i want a guy who is not an asshole who will pump and dump me
you sound very familiar. like an american imitating an accent but i dont wanna say anything :)
Say it 
Adding text to not get muted
Lmfao American
https://voca.ro/1eUDncdNSYnH
I used your pictures on plenty of fish and got 150 likes in a day to prove my trans friend that MtFs can't be lonely.
AI generated voice btw
ive never posted my pics here.. ?
https://voca.ro/1K2Ixft9V4KB
that's nice. i want any woman who will give me the time of day and not react to me like a turd on my shoe. you've got it better than me
You need to do a little more than that, it's hard to tell with such a short clip.
i would date an ugly morbidly obese polyamorous single mom meth addict with HIV older than my mom. i would date a child abuser or a murderer. i would date a woman who stands on small kittens for fun. i would date a woman whose crotch reeks so much it makes me gag. i have literally no standards left but everyone rejects me. are you where i am, "femcel"
POST WHIMPERS DICKLET
Damn. Yikes.
you actually typed this out
Good job i didn't say anything. So you're polish. I like that. I like aggressive polish women.
i once asked out a homeless woman who, let's say smelt homeless. she said "no thanks"
https://voca.ro/1jWpmwfrPKtw
Good god man, and I thought I had issues.
https://voca.ro/1bFryKZMllo0
That's a very convincing Welsh accent, anon, well done.
https://voca.ro/1cHQI9R9hi3l
HOW YOU DOIN GUYS
why do you openly admit this
Ask me out retard
Where you at
What is that? 
https://voca.ro/17cS1yzPIF9n
Also I'm pretty muscular and have a serious face (I look like a "pretty boy" that's always angry). Don't feel like this voice matches me well. Or maybe it does, idk
https://voca.ro/17qDdimA6INN
Cant you read? Just whimper, moan and squirm
it's an anonymous board last i checked. also i did try and talk to plenty of nice and normal women and even asked some out before i got to the homeless woman. she used to hang out in front of the subway and i gave her some change every day until one day she called me "sweetie" and my heart melted. anyway after she rejected me i had to avoid that subway which added an extra half hour onto my work commute. no other choice though
I think if you spoke up a bit, maybe straighten up a little, you'd sound just fine. You're semi-whispering and that does sound a little odd, though.
I never learned how to read
no not that strong, that also just shows a lack of english proficiency, which i didn't say.
I want just a slight hint of accent, enough to make it ambiguous where you're from
https://voca.ro/17XJLLwwF6Rd
toronto canada. i would love to go on a date with you i will try my very best to make sure you have a nice time even though it won't work
https://voca.ro/1lNBGiyA48dJ
Too bad Im in Europe, sorry anon
ah well i figured, thanks for offering though
your voice would be fine if you weren't pretending to be a girl. of course your response is to cut out your vocal chords, just like you want to cut out your dick.
THIS THREAD IS ABOUT MY VOICE
YOU INCELS HSVE EVERY OTHER THREAD ON THE BOARD
is that a romanian accent, it's east europe clearly
maybe just russian
Do you actually have a collection of Gremlins things or are you just pulling random pictures from Google?
sorry sweaty, but you already posted a thread like this before and didn't date any of the robots who offered in that thread, so now we're just gonna ignore you.
oopsie
anon, that is a man. if he has any type of hole there, a sane man would not want to be anywhere near it.
you don't sound like a tranny
He came out as a tranny in the last thread I saw...
Wait is op unironically a trannie?
no??? im not trans
SHUT UP like actually 
LEAVE MY THREAD
date me then. i dare you. pack your bags and move in with me right now
https://voca.ro/1TbYhtKECW3d
Im a dainty polish gal tehe 
Damn I wish I had a collection of Gremlins.
Bugger, I really hoped they were yours, that would be really cool.
https://voca.ro/1bTZxrYAcpbp
https://voca.ro/13bCKDhuLpIN
https://voca.ro/1d69ECsZKjUh
no thanks you seem creepy and stranger danger
I'm not buying that you're actually OP.
https://voca.ro/1a9y9fb5Tr6u
my dude, have you not heard his voice? he is obviously a male.
Dude do you know how much the good quality ones cost? TmT especially if I wanted to import them?
well ok dont believe me idrc
oh i knew a polish femanon from here in 2016, she was autistically loyal and naive and super cute but I messed it up
I dont think you actually talk to women outside
Ya. Maybe someone saved the vocaroos and they will repost
she was autistically loyal and naive
Lol. No she wasnt
Weird, the streets here are practically lined with Gremlins memorabilia. Poland doesn't have that?
it's yet another Big Soph thread 
stop giving attention to this bitter height, jaw, frame, voice, nose, hair, everythinghon
https://voca.ro/158Crbc4eUDe
Okay but only for you. Guys, dont open the spoiler, its for this anon only!! Thanks!
i have no clue who that is
Post chin/hands/forehead with timestamp if it isn't. You won't because you know it is Soph Chungus. Every single one of your hon features is instantly recognizable
she was though, she talked like she had the mind of a simpleton child, if i put some effort into manipulating her i probably would've had her
yeah im definitely gonna post my body and face for schizophrenic posters here
Keep telling yourself that
Not muted
why are you so seething about that specific comment anon
bringing up memories?
Refusing to poast timestamp on a tranny voice thread
It's OVER for height hons
It's OVER for voice hons
It's OVER for crooked nose hons
It's OVER for shoulder hons
It's OVER for nikocado widow's peak hairline hons
It's over for jaw hons
It's over for hand hons
It's over for big chungus gigahons
It's over for Big Soph
What memories you delusional retard
still dont know who that is
sorry. he looks angry though. are you done schizo posting?
I would be angry too if anons kept outing me as a troon with a hideous nasally voice
neeeeeeigh i really hate my voice neeeeeiiighhhhh
seething so much for nothing lmaoo
jealous? i wonder
does being an incel break your brain? im not angry. just confused desu
As a fag from /lgbt/ I can confirm this >>73027716
This is not a femcel thread, but a tranny thread.
neeeeeeeeigh eeeeeh my voice sounds really gross neiiiiiigh
OH MY GOD STFU TRANNY!
My my! It seems that I am a tad late!
OP is a very dangerous troon known only as "Big Soph". He is a very derranged troon due to his big long crooked nose, linebacker shoulders and OVER 6 feet of height. Xe has become a known lolcow in /lgbt/ >>73028884 and due to this constantly pesters other boards for validation. Replying to this cave troll's posts is very harmful because it only fuels his insecurity and thirst for attention, resulting in more attention whoring. It is advised to ignore his posts, but if you find yourself cornered you may repeat this short but powerful poem;
GO AWAY BIG SOPH
BACK TO TTTT YOU GO
COPE OVER YOUR MANHON JAW AND SHOULDERS
IT'S SO FUCKING OVER
Anyway, guys I just made a very creamy, velvety, delicious vanilla pudding. Feel free to be jealous.
she talked like she had the mind of a simpleton child
LMAO. She was manipulating you so hard.
What's in it? Splooge?
your voice is indistinguishable from any other femoid's voice
there is literally nothing special or notable about it
Of my enemies. Yes.
took me way too long to find this. you sound like the fag in this video:
https://files.catbox.moe/7zu5rq.mp4
don't know if you are him, but yeah.
thanks. but idk I think its gross sometimes. i really hate it
https://voca.ro/189E8uf4CLDU
I wish I had your problems lmfao
women get out reeeeeeeeeeeeee
weird you have troon inflection i think
What problems do you have?
men get in weeeeeeee
we should just start blowing each other fuck women
Some of my plants dont her enough sunlight and I spotted a few of them getting yellow or brown spots on their leaves because of that. I need to rearrange the pots. 
I also need to walk my dog everyday which gets annoying at times.
If it makes you feel any better femanon ill still fuck your throat with that voice
Chew on my flaps bozo
Is that actually your dog or am I retardedly falling for more random Google images?
Berry retarded Id argue
Show your dog then.
lol, lmao even
archive dot is/QJ7KJ
He is almost as autistic as posters on this board
actually the most fucking annoying person on the internet. I really hope it's just dumbasses reposting the same vocaroos
Goddamn he looks so smug
Aww, my mum has a similar dog.
If I'm remembering rightly
10/10 would give belly rubs
jeez modern women are so insecure. it's just a normal voice.
A woman not getting attention is like a junkie not getting their fix of crack.
Enabler is enabling
poast
Nigga
Same to yours. Just for that, you get another: him with his antler.
His tongue TTATT &lt;3 so cute
I think you're voice sounds ok. Don't make me regret simping out for you just this once.
https://vocaroo.com/166PWbUHCLI4
https://vocaroo.com/1nbyy2T3vomD
https://vocaroo.com/11zfHxdgZrHk
Rip all the simps in this thread
https://voca.ro/1gXlXC0OtBYa
thanks anoonyy&lt;3
He definitely changed his mind after listening to these>>73030997 lol
shut the fuck up troon, kill yourself.
Not going to listen, but I'm going to assume you dig through the ditches and burn through the witches and jam in the back of your dragula.
i dont get it thats not me
my voice is the problem
I still cant comprehend how fucked America must be to produce something like this
sounds literally perfect to me I think you're just fishing for attention from a bunch of incels for some reason
Girl you are fine you sound way better than me. If you are that insecure you can do voice training and practice public speaking on your own time to better enunciate yourself.
I still cant comprehend how fucked America must be to produce something like this
it's literally rightism that's the problem. picrel is a trump-loving right-wing cop. they develop these bizarre psychological complexes due to their racism. you're almost never going to see an ordinary liberal white guy into this shit - 97 - 99% of it is brainrotten chuds
qtcinderella?
wait do i actually sound like her? i LOVE HER!!! i love her and maya
istg im not
thanks :)
Baiting another bunch, congratulations.
im confusedz genuinely
shut the fuck up you dumb foid
an ugly morbidly obese polyamorous single mom meth addict with HIV older than my mom
You just described 99% of the women on dating apps.
That's the typical Democrat voter.
KEK exactly oreeg
This is a troon larping as a female (more than normal).
The one that constantly shits up the board asking if their voice passes or something.
There was a vocaroo of him using his male and "female voice" back to back
i wouldnt hate trannies if they didnt get coupled with obsessive autistic behaviors like posting the same thread, every day, for months asking about their voice, over and over again, just never ends, it never ends and it doesnt matter how much anyone says fuck off. they just dont listen. they are driven sexually or something to just keep posting their voice and getting shit on. i hate them. i hate these people they have to be put down or something, they are broken the same way a lobotomized "person" is, they just wander around and repeat behaviors and it never ends
This person is not a tranny theres no fucking way this voice came out of a male.
you are the lowest common denominator and should cease your life
Trekkie &lt;3
i'll be ur ebf . .
but you have to promise me your voice is that husky in bed too
promise me your voice is that husky in bed too
He will when he's fucking you up your dirty shit pipe
aight post @ so i can slide into your dms
it's sophie, she's a special breed. she posts like 500 threads in /lgbt/ per day and people there all hate her, so she's moved onto other boards
this voice did not come out of a male body. I refuse to believe it.
https://voca.ro/19kxmDtoxZyG
That jewish pedo is fucking ugly
I couldnt hear the first half of this
Oh shut the fuck up you dump xunt
https://voca.ro/1mgxq8qgfhWR
make me, zaddy &lt;3
trans girls are biologically female in most ways, so, yes, you're correct
idk just sounds mutt merican to me 
doesn't sound like you are retarded or something
rate my voice anons
https://voca.ro/1gJNwrroiqjL
Fell asleep/10
ESL pandering to Americans for compliments.
Go buck to ukraine
YWNBAW &lt;- This is an original statement.
https://voca.ro/1o1Rzwlu5kvJ
https://voca.ro/1csBjYXcvl7c
baseed anoony anan
It doesn't sound bad definitely wouldn't turn me away if I liked you. Regardless if you are actually a girl or trans as some people here say it, the voice is fine it would be the dick that would make me not want it lol
Your voice is still objectively better than mine (male), it never began 
https://voca.ro/15E6HRK2PpdB
OP is a biological woman
good morning, sir.
https://voca.ro/1cib42lmxQlG
at least you sound like a poo not a faggot.
How bad is it in Rukia?
not indian lmao :'(
Guess I will start voice training
post pic ptroof or shut up
https://voca.ro/14wfCpvgfKDB
