It's not just /r9k/, it's happening on larger platforms too. With the corporate owned sites where you're not allowed to openly say "I INTEND TO KILL ALL WOMEN," they use subtler attacks. For example on reddit they'll create throwaway accounts and try to spam female subreddits full of TOS-violating, content, on Twitter people will pile on female infuencers in any given community for things male influencers can get away with.
If you're part of this, uh, movement, can you explain to me what the hell you think this is supposed to achieve? If you're incel, you should want as much female communication as you can get, you won't necessarily date women you meet online but you can learn things that you can carry over to IRL. On a logical level, the "throw the foid down the well" movement makes no sense, but it seems to be fed by some kind of primal animalistic aggression that can't be reasoned with.
Men bullying women is pretty pathetic behavior. It's a classic form of "punching down," and it has a whiff of "human being caving in to raw animal impulses."
You're fixated on misogynists. Get some help
I'm not reading all of that.
If you have a valid point to make it shouldn't be more than 1-2 sentences long.
Because women ruin everything.
have you considered that "female" (read: troon) subreddits are really obnoxious and mean-spirited, so people spam them out of spite? 
And as for twitter bullshit it's mostly women doing it to each other, men are too busy simping
You're fixated on misogynists. Get some help
No, u.
I personally find talking to women online fun AF, to each his own I guess.
I haven't heard of this at all OP. Maybe you're just terminally online. There's no coordinated attack on women online. That's so fucking stupid.women are worshipped on the internet, here reddit Twitter.. all the same
You've heard the expression there are no girls on the internet? That's how it's supposed to be. Doesn't matter if you're an actual female. It's a male centric thing. I don't preface every post with manon here. I don't post pictures of my dick alongside every photo I share. The internet is for thoughts and ideas. Who you are as a person has no place here. Save that stupid bullshit for irl. Personally I am on the internet to escape the dumb real life nonsense.
Why do you have to state you are female? It adds nothing to the content of your posts nor is it a position of authority, quite the opposite in fact. Just post like a normal person and you won't face any misogyny.
I'm not the one making thread about it. 
Whole issue is like opening a garbage bin and getting surprised that you see garbage in it. 
There are plenty of internet communities who welcome women, or are exclusively women spaces, including imageboards. But in imageboards you're not guarded against the hate, which is expressed as freely as it can be.
No one is trying to drive you off the internet. If you want to interject yourself into discussions that trigger you and try and start arguments then proceed to get destroyed within said arguments, that is on you. Men don't have to cease to have opinions for the purpose of not "driving women off the internet." Grow up.
This is the problem with people today, they can't handle an actual discussion where the opposing side is open and honest and when presented facts, that side gets accused of "bullying." If you being unable to refute my point makes me some kind of bully, clearly we are arguing for no reason since clearly debates must be rigged for the sake of sparring a particular groups idealism. It is somewhat like some punk getting angry at someone else is beating them at a video game fair and square.
It's not even about fair arguments or playing by the rules. Except for the basics, imageboards are the rule of the jungle, and this jungle is occupied by the loudest, most obnoxious and attention-grabbing. 
What the fuck else would OP expect here to have, a tea party?
Honestly it disn't happen but it should have and I'll do it again
As far as I can see it, the people who are driving the culture war want men and women in as much conflict with each other as possible. So both sides, the manosphere and the rad-fems are basically controled by the same people. It's not coincidence that both sides endlessly promoting hate against the opposite sex and sabotage every attempt to dialog and peace. That incels are now official a "public enemy" is just a show. The government, or the deep-state, wants them to be there and to be loed and angry. The same for militant feminism.
The loudest and most obnoxious here are women. Everyone else just wants to chat, shitpost, or have fun. They expect the special treatment they get everywhere else to carry over here, except we don't even get to stare at their chest or smell them like we could in person. That's the only reason they get away with their shit offline. They go online and when they aren't pampered for having the absolute shittest takes imaginable on everything they cry misogyny instead of thinking that maybe just maybe they are absolutely worthless retards aside from the mounds of fat on their chest and the hole between their legs. Nobody has a problem with them being women and the default assumption is that they are merely a retarded man, that is until they point out the fact that they are women. All the hate women get online they entirely bring onto themselves.
OP, how old are you? Basically, what were you doing in 2015 during the ur-spergout of the modern internet?
Yeah, there's a simple reason for this: so their useless department keeps getting counter-terror buxx even though iraq and afghanistan are over.
Women do get treated differently in general. 
Desu, your post is just disclosure that you dislike women online, and have negative stereotypes. 
You have no way of proving if you're not talking to an anime cat girl except for your biases.
Women can't help it, most times they end posting pics in /soc/, voice logs or discord links to their shit
Parasocial parasitism
Then you have same problem as OP does, but in a different direction. 
Help yourself - move on, and quit looking at garbage.
How is that MY problem? They just spam their shit all over the place or their simps do it
I'd feel the same way if someone said "as an American man" or any other variation. Who you are online adds nothing to anything. If your ideas and words can't stand on their own they are worthless. Any attempt to give them more meaning by stating the color of underwear you're wearing or what you had for breakfast is ridiculous. Anything a woman could have to say loses all validity the instance she identifies herself in an attempt to validate her statements. I feel exactly the same way towards men and women online until they make their sex, race, or nationality known.
Because she's used to her gender automatically garnering her sympathy and victimhood points and special treatment. Nothing more. "I'm a woman. I'm special. Hear me. Pay attention to my grievances."
In person if you are a cute girl I will probably simp for you.
Online, there's no point. I'm not some dumbass zoomer who believes in online relationships. Online, your only possible function is to serve as a punching bag to allow me to express my opinions, and argue.
How exactly is that different from women devoting their lives to bashing men on any platform they can possibly find? 
Oh, wait! I can explain how. Society actually endorses it. Get the fuck over yourself. For every guy that says something mean about women, 5 more will sprout out of the woodwork to tell him off for hurting the strong empowered beautiful queens' feelings, and that's not accounting for hypocritical chicks who will call out any comment about women that isn't flattery or buzzword-riddled virtue-signalling bullshit, but GLEEFULLY insult, mock, threaten, body-shame, and display their hatred for men just for being born male (which, correct me if I'm wrong, very much falls under the definition of "sexism") and get applauded for it?
Foids provide Nothing of value with their minds they just want to spam ummm do x and y to please me and if you don't you see women as a sex object as if that's the most horrifying concept in history. Crystal cafe should be filled to the brim with women but nope they just want to come here and annoy mentally ill normies and virgins on r9k.
It's your frustration, not theirs. 
Dunno how this works in your favor desu.
I find it irrelevant myself most of the time, but for example, my background could clear up why do I believe one thing or another, or what's the source of my experience is. 
Although I agree, pulling "But I am X" card is cringeworthy most of the time
It will never be because women don't really stand each other
So men. Got it.
I've heard of this happening often in the "ASMR community"..Girls will make videos of whispering sweet nothings but then quit for 1 reason or another, toxicity in the comments being a major reason
1 of the girls I used to watch directly blamed 4chan in the comment section of 1 of her videos, saying there was a group of people on this site who were trying to shut down and demonetize the content creators (I never really saw that happening here though but maybe I just wasn't paying attention to it)
This doesn't make it better for you desu. I'm not the one feeling like every male in the world is ought to get you.
This sound like the gayest thing a straight man could do
Bait.
Everyone on the internet and in video games were telling each other to kill themselves 10-15 years ago. normies put in a lot of censorship policies onto the internet.
Welcome to being delusional, then.
you should try asm'erde instead. Very manly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6sQosKtl9w [Embed]
I'll let you know when I'll need your opinion on my delusion preferences
Don't talk about your shitty hobbies if you don't want people to comment on them
I have no idea what you talk about lol. Clearly you have not listened carefully. I advise to add more volume and start somewhere in the middle.
Share that with someone more of your level
You have to go back, femcel.
Kek, she probably has more miles than a whole truck fleet. Femcels are a myth made to prey on incels
I don't mind talking to people of your level, don't worry
Yeah, I know. But women and everything they do are fake.
I do, probably if I wasn't drunk I wouldn't even reply to you. Ciao
Don't even bother, I'm not reading it, I'm going to sleep
You don't think that these are women doing this?
I haven't really watched or listened to those videos since like 2015 but they helped me sleep occasionally or helped ease WD symptoms for a few years back then.
Even when I did watch them it wasn't like you just watch anything and everything, it was more about seeking out the occasional videos that would really click with you
It's because I know I don't have what turns women on. It's pain to be around someone you'll never be able to attract.
That or troons.
Because notion that men can get away with bullying women on socmedia is absurd.
It's protected sacred cows that usually are main culprits.
For incels, everything is already settled. Their situation regarding women can't be changed, especially not by talking to women. Incels are acting logically when they try to drive women out of their domain. Women have no value outside of sex, and they aren't offering any to incels. At the same time, women are actively hostile towards incels. Why wouldn't they try to get rid of women?
It would seem the only reason women invade our spaces is because they are Beckys hunting a local niche Chad-lite or Brad. They can't beat Stacy and aren't willing to scrape the bottom of the barrel for an 8/10, so they target subgroups no poach the most alpha nerd if that makes sense. Everything about women is so disingenuous it elicits a reaction of disgust from me.
What kind of retard would look for Chad among incels?
Women can't be THAT stupid.
It isn't about searching for a man but about getting attention and feeling socially relevant
They can't outperform a Stacy on instagram so they search for niche spces/groups
I believe we have covered this troon
Something like 90% of twatter posts are made by foids.
Women are worshipped everywhere, both on and off the internet.
Maybe you should start....
Fireworks sure are fun.
Wasn't like 2/3rds of hatespeech done by women?
P.S. Melissa? LOL!
