As a submissive incel who is well off financially, how can I live out a relationship with my ideal dynamics? My only options are girls in Latin America and the Philippines amd every single one I've spoken to online have outright laughed at me or thought I was trolling for wanting to be dominated and owned by a girl
You failed as a man and are too autistic to realize it, of course they laughed and thought you're trolling
I could date them without the dynamic but I would rather be sexually and emotionally satisfied too
You're not an incel if your sexual preferences are what's stopping you. Just deal with being a dom.
I cannot date anybody locally here in the US. Dom or not, I am ugly but I do get girls from that part of the world interested in me because I'm a well off American so yes, I am a real incel
I think you got it backwards lol.
Not that anon, but can you even show one example of a "true" incel?
Pretty sure I could rationalize anyone as volcel thanks to the existence of prostitutes, lonely 80 year old women, the option of rape / kidnapping, the option to fuck guys on grindr, down syndrome girls, severe burn victim women, etc.
I could come up with a way to get literally any man sex.
This entire board, .is, r/foreveralone and incel twitter can find girls interested in them in third world countries. So nobody is an incel then?
There's a spectrum of being a trucel. I think if your only options are rape/men/prostitutes, you're definitely a trucel. I don't think it's that easy to get a burn victim gf. If it is, please explain how. That could solve inceldom if you're right since burn scars aren't even that bad. But yeah down's syndrome girls already date normie guys lol.
I think that's only really easy when you're white, lol, but if you can import a girl from SEA or whatever who actually loves you and isn't just a golddigger or wants to exploit you, then yeah you're not an incel.
The biggest demographic of men who travel to SEA for girlfriends and brides are Korean men, not white men. It works for any foreigner who is from a wealthy nation, not just white men. Status and financial security is a package so when you go there, you're dateable. It doesn't mean you're all of a sudden not ugly
The biggest demographic of men who travel to SEA for girlfriends and brides are Korean men
I don't know if it remains easy if you're ugly/short and korean but it definitely works for ugly/short and white, so Idk if that stat really matters that much.
In some ways, but I think at least being white in other countries makes you more attractive relatively, but it depends on the country.
If you can afford to get a foreign gf that you can have an LDR with who's not just trying to exploit you, though, still, you're not an incel.
Anon, handsome men don't go to SEA. Handsome Korean men don't need to go to SEA, of course it's the ones who are physically unattractive. I'm white, yes but the guy who introduced me to SEAmaxxing was a short African American guy from /trv/ who moved there and found multiple gfs and a wife eventually
Then nobody is. Even a dravidian indian can go to Africa and get pussy. Your definition of incel is too strict that no one can possible meet it
How so?
No, I think your argument should be that inceldom isn't a huge issue in the west since SEAmaxxing is real. It'd only affect permaNEETs or if you're stuck with a horrendous line of work. I don't know the extent to which that's true, but if it really is that easy to get a gf given you have a real job, then yeah your """loneliness""" is a meme.
I wish all/most women were born with a saviour complex. Or at least those that have it, use it on us instead of criminals and drug addicts. I wish a girl saved me in return for shaping me into just the kind of man she wants, and my eternal loyalty and dedication
But if there is one group of men women hate more than incel, it's submissives.
Loneliness itself is a meme
Misaki types are only found in fiction for a reason
Spoken like a true normalfag.
Wew lad
What's a KHHVS? If you can get a gf to LDR you then you're a normalfag, yeah. If you're saying loneliness don't real, then I highly suspect you're a normalfag regardless, though, lol.
There are dating sites for people with disabilities / medical problems.
If you go on it and pick out a few disfigured looking women who feel like shit because their face scares children you can get a nice girlfriend out of that.
Some more examples.
There's a near endless list of niche problem having women you can exploit if you're creative enough.
I don't know if they're waiting to date incels, though. It could be worth a try but I've never heard of it working.
I meant khhvs as in plural
You people are seriously delusional if you think those women don't have 1000s of options to choose from too
The kinds of guys also going for a girl like that probably are a lot easier to outcompete if you try it with enough different deformed girls compared to the guys competing for regular girls.
Most of them are likely ethnic minorities or very short or can't communicate well etc.
She has that many messages and yet is still single.
That's actually a good sign you can snag her. The matches are likely just guys blindly swiping right on everyone and then she keeps talking to guys who don't want her or are friendly to her but flake out.
And besides all that you're not supposed to get hung up on any one girl. You go for like 50 girls and then pursue the ones who are more responsive.
and yet is still single
Are you genuinely retarded? It was a tinder experiment, it wasn't really her. She could've dated a huge number of those guys even if a bunch just wanted to fuck any living being.
Also the point is the average disabled girl doesn't have to consider a guy who's below average, lookswise.
Don't speak them online you idiot, they are just going to ask for money.
Does dating on interpals actually work? I always assumed all the women there were actually just scammers or camwhores. I'm a very successful American, just not handsome, so I have definitely considered looking overseas for a wife. I would be more interested in latam than sea though, so that we can have an ldr for a bit on the same timezone
Yes, it works. Multiple anons have met girlfriends with interpals. Southeast Asians love Western nation white guys.
Also when going across culture and race like that people tend to be worse at telling who looks attractive or not since you have that kind of faceblindness effect going that causes all asians to look alike to a lot of people for example. So even for an ugly white guy they might not be sensitive enough to the nuances of Western appearances to tell how much worse you look than a white movie star.
Thanks anon. I might try it out. I am not fully white (hispanic) but I'm tall and somewhat interesting looking, just not attractive by most people's standards. I have a similar issue to the OP, as I have a very submissive personality, but I hope if I can offer someone a really nice life she might be willing to overlook that
None of them asked for money
Doesn't matter. My Arab friend is short and ugly but gets bombarded with messages on interpals from Arab girls in the MENA because he's American. My Nigerian-American friend from /int/ gets bombarded with messages from girls in South Africa, Kenya and SEA. Everyone has a niche, being American/western puts you in the top 1% of status in those 3rd world countries
