Is getting replies on /r9k/ more of a matter of luck or skill?
r9k is full of retards more credulous and easily triggered than /pol/. All you need to do is post any of their favourite flavors of bait:
tranny shit
racebait
reddit LARPs
fembot here!
Under no circumstances try to do anything original or fun.
There is an art to it
want to get easy worthless (you)s
post braindead bait shit
want to get fun (you)s 
make a thread with less than one sentence or few than six words about random, wacky or insane topic
want to get fun (you)s but actually put the work into it?
make a thread with a few sentences (but not more than two paragraphs) about a detailed (nonsexual) topic
want to make people seethe? 
post race bait, incel bait, fembot/femanon here! or anything about women or sex in general (for some reason these threads always get over 100+ replies)
Post during American prime time and make the thread interesting yet also slightly baity.
also this
Under no circumstances try to do anything original or fun 
except for the "fun" part, the mongrels here love "fun threads" if they're about women, sex, relationshits or whatever else these low iq coomerfaggots are obsessed
make a thread with a few sentences (but not more than two paragraphs)
I hate the tldr culture, everyone here is high iq and smarter than niggers, but can't read a long post, now I have to figure out a way to condense everything I want to say into a few sentences.
Idc, I'm not it for a million (you)s. One robot discussing back and forth me in a thread is all I need.
And part of insults, in your typical autism argument that I love to engage in
"hurr I have ADHD or fried my brain from tiktok and vidya so I can't read for too long, why are you writing essays! You must be seething!
I on't know if I hate robots suffering from brainrot from being isolated or if tik tok zoomers more.
its tiktok and vidya
No its because longer posts do not equal more quality posts. If you have ever studied anything you know people just skim your material to summarize your nonsense.
look my 4 page schizo post about how women are the devil or men are cuckolds
why wont anyone enter debate with me and have deep meaning conversations!
because to many people fucked around and ruined it.
Nobody has adhd, you just do not create anything of quality
