Reminder to all that pussy is the biggest stress relief known to mankind. Being denied pussy is no different from being denied oxygen. The reason your life is torture, and the reason you suffer is because you lack a pussy to come back to and release your stress. There are no meds, no drugs that can cure this disease that is known as lack of pussy. There is no fate on this earth that is more hellish than that of an incel. Even starving to death is a preferable fate.
spitting fucking facts
You're not missing out on much. I get pussy 3 times a week from my girlfriend and I'm still here trying to find entertaining memes..
are you retarded somehow
its a shitter you put there
and you think somehow its sexy or something
you fucking mongrel
Now try going without pussy and see how you feel
I did go like 3 months without pussy in college. Felt like masturbating more, but I was still me.
Literally nothing. Go a year at the very least
Go a year without internet and see your life improve.
I'm nearly 28 and a virgin because my ex religion cucked me. I can't even function as a human anymore
Does getting pussy actually have a 'stress relieving' effect on men? Is it like when a man talks to me and wants to hear what I think about things and I suddenly feel calmer and more self-confident than I did previously? Is getting pussy the male equivalent of being treated like a human being? Huge if true.
if im stressed asf i get home and wnna BEAT IT!!!! If I actually have a pussy to fuck she is going to have a hard time. So yeah is a great stress relief
No man would deal with women if they could get by without one.
The difference is that a lot of people actually look for water. People who get 0 pussy usually never try looking for it.
you don't need stress releif if you just live a stress free life
Yeah, it's like all my troubles just melt away. But it's just physical touch in general, not just sex. Cuddling, hugs, hand holding, all good at relieving stress. Pretty sure it's the same for women, no?
I have an anxiety disorder, I can't do that.
Literally not possible without becoming a millionaire
That is wrong. The problem is this
Women aren't looking for the same thing. They're looking for attention, which causes them to be extremely selective with their mates. So when men do make a move on women, it will not mean much to her unless he's in the top 5% of men. There are women who do look to have sex, but they are rare and such men who have sex with these women have won a lottery. It's the equivalent of finding a bottle of water on a desert for instance. Sometime it's a whole pond. Most men aren't that fortunate, they're just wandering around in the desert.
Sex, and by that I mean actual sex, not masturbation, has a multitude of clear benefits that have been clearly defined and studied. It quite literally makes you healthier, athletes perform better if they have sex often and it helps against depression and anxiety. normalfags saying that sex is no big deal are just blatantly lying, maybe if you just fuck some whore from tinder then yeah its just like using a living fleshlight but actual sex with passion in a monogamous relationship is taken for granted.
Meme. Sex IS stress. I had to deny my girlfriend sex a few times, because I was tired and anxious I wouldn't perform well.
Its easy to deny something when youve already experienced it dozens to hundreds of times and know that you can experience it again.
The ones who say it's no big deal get sex often and thus cannot see what it's like not to have sex for years, in spite of wanting it every day. They don't know what it's like to never have pussy on demand, as for them it's an extension of their life, no different from not being able to see what life is like while missing limbs, you'd think it's no big deal to live without your arm until you actually lose it.
Men aren't making moves though. A lot of them never even go to bars or parties.
Holy shit you lot are absolutely pathetic
Have fun dying with your virginity intact lmao
They lack the brainpower to consciously
empathize. Yeah if you are sad they might try to help and will maybe feel sad too but thats something instinctual. They cant actually visualize themselves in someone elses situation. So when they look at incels or even just failed normalfags who cant get laid, they cannot imagine themselves struggling to get pussy, they only try to find something wrong with the offending party.
Yet you are here with us, and took the time to mass reply as well. close the door on your way out faggot dont you have pussy to fuck?
i've been to bars and parties before, when everybody's body language and the very walls themselves are screaming at you "why did you come here, you don't deserve to be here, nobody wants you here or cares that you are here, you are either invisible or annoying to everyone" it's overall about as pleasant as being beaten in the head with a hammer
cool mental gymnastics, I bet it makes you feel justified in never actually trying. Oh well. you reap what you sow
That's what I mean. Tons of men don't even try.
You're a massive retard, pussy doesnt fix you. Your problems arent caused by a lack of pussy and you cant get pussy because of your mental illness. 
CBT work on your paranoid schizophrenia
well, i dunno, can you remember the first time you went to a bar or a house party or anything? was it fun or was it a shame-inducing and humiliating experience. am i supposed to believe it'll get better after the first ten or twenty or a hundred times, and something is gonna magically click which will make people notice me or want to talk to me? you've literally never experienced this, you didn't choose to be socially accepted, it just happened to you. why won't normies get this
I didnt say pussy will fix anyone you troglodyte. There are many other problems in todays world besides modern women and men. But what is blatantly wrong is the fact that faggots like you constantly downplay the greatest motivator of any living thing like its no big deal. You need to go back NOW
are you suggesting that anyone in that heaving, earsplitting crowd, full of eyes that'll make friendly contact with any other eyes but yours, actually likes me or cares very much if I'm around. the fucking CIA isnt gangstalking me, people just ignore me or dislike me because i'm uninteresting or unlikable. and i don't know how to change or fix it. in fact, the very few times i've attempted to come out of my shell and be more confident have probably been the worst in terms of results
Yeah first times were scary af. Even the first time in a new city is crazy.
Worked for me. The 4 years I was with my ex were the only years I was ever happy.
The first time I ever went to the club the hottest girl approached me. I'm not even good looking, she was just a filthy race mixer lmfao
did it get better over time, how long did it take. what was the process like, did you kind of "learn" how to get strangers' attention and hold their interest. i'd like to learn but i have no idea where to start
well, there you go. you have certain qualities which i don't, which make it so that people see you and are usually more or less well disposed right off the bat. and i don't know what they are, and you probably don't either
Never been invited to a party, legitimately never even heard of one happening that I could crash and I'm trying to stop drinking. So bars are a no go for me
What the fuck is fucking board... omg, damn this is beyond stupid.
I have no idea why that girl liked me but I do know that social status/trustworthiness is critical in that kind of environment. If people see you with others or laughing and joking around you will increase your social credit score by 5000. That's why you should talk to as many people as you can
Violent felons swim in pussy yet are still unhinged
better over time
yeah probably. but again in new bars i'm still quiet.
how long
5 years i guess
process
hmm most of the time i would go to bars with a coworker or someone i met through social activities/events. there was no process, i just became comfortable talking to people when i talked to people. if you have to be autistic about it, just mirror what other people do who kind of look like you or have similar broad interests/lifestyles. if you're "not like the other boys" keep looking for other ways people meet or change your lifestyle
I would guess I still looked at people like this when I was in my early 20s, but it feels like a long time ago. Being a regular practically anywhere means that you don't treat people like strangers, especially if you're going to a place where people socialize. You tend to talk to new girls the same way you just talked to your friends, just with a little bit more courtesy. I don't know what "hold their interest" means. If you have nothing you want to talk about, people will just think you're a creep. If you're asking if anything helped me be more interesting or funny, I would say podcasts made by comedians and long form interviews, talk radio, and early i was motivated by video game streamers who had a lot of girls over at their place.
I don't know if I'd compare it to oxygen. But having to live without human touch or intimacy is horrific.
cope seethe sneed fart cum touch grass champ
Criminals arent unhinged, theyve just found their niche.
I have never seen a 4chan post before but I would imagine that they exist?
Don't you get tried of coming everyday never questioning your position at all. I mean you've been doing this for years, why? Go home to your friends and active sex life.
Unironically yes, feeling sexually desired enough for casual sex has a massive positive psychological effect on men that cannot be imitated through any other means. If it happens when he's young (up to about 25), the positive benefits last throughout his life.
Thus if a man is denied pussy before 25, its akin to a woman saying she wants him to be depressed for the rest of his life. Very nasty thing for women to do.
Are you fucking retarded? Like how do you not understand what I'm saying? How the fuck an I supposed to go to a party if I've never been invited to one or even heard of one happening?
Anon you just go. Literally just ask your friends like you would google when you were looking for chan. The only reason you aren't going to parties is because you literally can't be bothered to just ask literally the hundreds of people you know if there are any.
Anon... I do not have friends and haven't got quite some time.
I don't know if you're trying to be ironic but I laughed a little.
i don't know hundreds of people
i don't think i know even ten people, not well enough to ask them to invite me to a party anyway. i can imagine how they would react anyway, the second of full-body-freeze that indicates the thought running through their head "why is this weirdo asking to be invited to a party", following by the slow loosening of this neck and the curl of their lip as they say "...no, sorry"
Nope. I have never seen a 4chan post in my life. It's impossible to post on 4chan if I don't even know where to go. It's never been easier to claim I have no options.
Do you live in a country that has any people in it?
Jesus fuck what kind of braindead ass retard are you.
Have you considered that you do not deserve pussy? Its not the end of the world if you dont get any - and I pray to the lord above that you get stricken down as the virgin you are now inshallah
Shut the fuck up you dumb cunt
well sure, but i can't exactly go rolling up to completely strangers and say "hey where da party at" like marvin gaye
You're just taking physical affection for granted, anon. You don't understand what it's like to go without
Preaching to the the choir, anon.
Goddamn, I could do with some regular pussy that I never have to pay, or waste time, for.
I haven't had sex in coming on 4 years now. Meaningless sex is not fun. I would sooner die not touching pussy ever again than have sex with someone I do not care for.
You mfs are all here spouting ah pussy this, pussy that, I need pussy or I will die! If you want to know what it is like, fuck a hooker. That is the same feeling you will get as doing it with someone you do not care for.
Save yourself for someone who truly matters to you.
1. How do you know anything about what you "can't do" if you never met more than 2 people in your life? You have no experience so you should have zero preconceived notions of whats acceptable or not.
2. Try changing your mindset to focus on what you "can do". 
3. I hope you suffer you dumb lazy piece of shit. FUCK YOU. based.
i can dig memorizing bits from comedy podcasts, i have occasionally made people laugh in the past. i'm at a loss as to how that would work at a bar or a party where you can only hear every third word anyone's saying but shit, it's worth a shot. what kind of comedy podcasts do you like. i used to love listening to cum town but irl people tend to react badly to that particular kind of content (improvised songs about having gay sex with your dad, Brain Man the quest to get a retarded guy's dick sucked etc)
I am >>73028721
I am a volcel because I have not found someone I care for, or truly want to be with.
Sex, unless with someone you absolutely care for is not rewarding - at least to me personally.
if i try and figure out what's socially acceptable by trial and error i am going to have a very bad time lol. you would too. anyone would. even an autistic social retard like me knows you can't ask complete strangers to invite you to parties. you can talk to them about the weather, or maybe things of note in the immediate environment
Cuckold, everything in life is trial and error. While you're learning, yeah you can take the cautious road, but you still have to go down that road. You don't know what's unacceptable, because you ARE an autistic social retard. Until you change that, the best excuse you can have is that you don't see many opportunities. That doesn't mean you can't spend 10 hours a day socializing (assuming you are NEET). social media like 4chan is only a sad placeholder for that, it's unlikely you'll make strong bonds here.
Don't memorize bits, just absorb how people talk to each other and relate. I bet you can try Shane Gillis, Tim Dillon, and Chris D'Elia if you're still an edgelord. Mix it up with Tim Ferriss or something more professional.
should i investigate whether pulling my pants down and waving my dick at people is socially acceptable? a little trial and error? well you first, you big neurotypical you
If men were able to go their entire lives without getting pussy then humanity would've gone extinct. The reason we desire pussy above all else is because it's a survival instinct, sex is how all animals evolved and as such sexless men are deprived of their humanity.
Yet some asian monks are living a much happier life than you are.
Ah yes the child rapists monks.
Asian monks all fuck hookers and the Dali Lama was just having some little boy suck on his tongue. They have sex, anon. Don't be retarded.
It's crazy how what would've been basic facts 200 years ago is suddenly "crazy" talk to this day. Although, it's not surprising. Feminism has created a society where men are supposed to be complacent with women having a choice, whoring themselves out throughout the entirety of their teens, celebrating prostitution, not wanting to have kids, aborting, going lesbian, etc... All these unnatural behaviors are what explains why men are responsible for the vast majority of suicides, vast majority of terrorist acts, vast majority of crimes. Had the same men been born just before feminism became a thing, they would have several children with a young and fertile woman.
I dont know I am pretty nauseous right now and worry about going homeless, I am currently in a pain way worse than lack of pussy and I can say I miss missing pussy, I am in extreme pain, I am weak, and low, and my father's funeral is about to come (he will die soon) and I will die alone and brain damaged, I am good for nothing. Life can get fucked up if you don't live it steady
Pussy is not important. Good pussy from a good woman is life-changing/saving. If you do not know the difference it's because you have had neither.
Point still stands that they are happier than you mfs
And you know that how?
You are neurotypical if you understand that public nudity is not acceptable, moron
Why can't we desire both? When incels say we need pussy, it could mean both things. No incel just wants pussy, otherwise a fat hooker would do. What we mean is a young, pretty, submissive woman with a nice pussy. No incel wants to wrap his dick in a condom, we want to go in raw and cum inside her.
The absolute state of incels.
There is no skill involved in getting women you retard. You can't talk women into liking you. They either like you or they don't.
Learn to read, braindead incel.
have you ever put a fleshlight and a container of lube in a pot of water and bring it to a near simmer?
If you aren't broke go to strip clubs when you desperately need pussy if you play your cards right (you don't need to be chad, private rooms, off nights, dress nice, treat the girl nicely but like a slut don't give her the impression you're judging her and make sure she agrees to let you touch her anywhere during the dance) there are a lot of strippers you can fuck for regular lap.
my point is i didn't have to figure it out by trying it
eek
i think at my stage it might be better to just try and memorize the bits, same way as a beginner guitarist memorizes riffs and scales before he can fluidly improvise u know. i know that delivery is as important as the words
retards choose the secret third opinion: whinge and complain online
