Would you accept her as your gf if she genuinely loved you?
No cuz she has a massive dong ready to cum in me, I prefer the other way around.
you mean a pinup girl with a shooped dick?
who are you to say that i dont already have the pic of a playboy bunny under my pillow?
but for real, i wouldnt even be friends with it, probably. someone who has enough money like it clearly does, wouldnt go to work in my field (unless her bf paid for all those things and the op) and even if, we'd be pretty damn busy so it'd literally have to hang out with me after work and come on, if it has a bf that spends all this money on it i'm sure that faggot would at least want some feminine pp daily in the ass from it, so there isnt gonna be much time left to hang out with me of all people.
but again, even if it had all this time and the bf was that much of a loser that he was also down, what'd be be doing? i'm usually the one to shittalk people like it, so that's out of the question. binge eating clearly wont work with her unless it's bullimic and no thanks to that. i certainly wont go with it to a nail salon, brazilian waxer or the next of the neverending op's and neither she nor i are fit enough to go work out together.
we're totally non-compatible and i'd wager most people wouldnt stray far from my POV, even if the other person was more average (therefore worse)
i mean think about it, why would i spend my precious time with someone mentally handicapped? i cant even stand the time i have to stay close to a retard on the train and i despise my time my parents still guilt me into spending with them in a goddamn temple of sorts. and if you really wanna piss me off, you'd admit to me that you're a fucking commie. so again, why would i ever bother with this more than i bother with hobos? keep in mind, trainstations around here are absolutely infested with them, even some with pretty faces. but by the nature of their requests you know what's behind that facade. like, what if you received the most well formatted and eloquently worded email of a nigerian prince? you can smell the bs 2km against the wind and wouldnt fall for it.
With that monster cock? Absolutely. Dream girl material. Fantasy material if she is a futa and also has a vagina, can get pregnant, and so on.
That is someones Son
How is little jimmy these days? 
oh you know he wears women's clothes and is gonna cut his cock of
Of course, even if I wishe their foreskin was still intact.
