The reason so many robots fail is they believe lies.
The sexlessness of many, even most, young people is a choice they are making.
more religious
where is this data from? because yes, a lot of the immigrants are more religious.
Yes, women aren't promiscuous, trust me- I know these things.
True, I am waiting for marriage but even so no one would want me which is also understandable since I'm undesirable. I guess I'll die a virgin because I also don't want to settle for a girl who has been with a guy before aka a virgin female.
Didn't read the image
YNGMI
False and you don't understand how science works. Next.
The study on sexless young men that is posted here all the time
Nuh-uh! NUH-UH! *NUH-UH*!
FTFY
I accept your concession, science-denier.
"Its not true! It can't be! It can't! Please make the facts go away!"
FTFY
science-denier.
can't explain what's even talking about 
to scared to lay out his thought process 
Your conession was already accepted before you even posted. Nice try.
OP
posts charts and links to research
You
"False!"
You
Math isn't real!
Also you
If you disagree you are a science denier!
denies math
calls others a science denier
Uh...
Does the sequence of a guy yelling "false" at math THEN calling the person posting scientific studies a 'science denier' not strike you as ironic, friendo?
Then where is my virgin GF?
no, we're retarded and don't know how to approach the opposite sex
is this bait? the bottom graphs make up a negligible portion of the population
An honest robot on 4chan! Wow
?14% of women aged 18 - 29 attend church regularly, think that pre-marital sex is wrong, and have not had sex in at least 1 full year
negligible
Pick one
This is amazing!
Why isn't everyone talking about this?
14% of women aged 18 - 29 attend church regularly
lol, even if we assume thats true in america it's definitely not true in european countries where the same is going on.
Where are these religious zoomers???, Even in my meme tradcatholic nation everyone I know below the age of 40 is a atheist or agnostic. The last girl I met whom identified as a practicing Catholic was also poly and had 3 current boyfriends.
To me personally from anecdotal experience it actually seems that the more religious girls are actually significantly more promiscuous and just use religion as a way to minimize their perceived slutiness and dishonour.
Catholic Church growing rapidly in Scandinavia
You don't know that
Muh personal anecdote is globally relevant!
I'm saying this mainly due to living in a country that is apprantly one of the most religious countries within the entire EU whilst also not meeting a single genuinely religious zoomer. Even those whom are considered as religious fundamentalists are like the diet version of average American Christian even though we have a much higher attendance of church at least 20% more.
i've never met a woman over 20 with a bodycount under 5. about 90% of zoomer men i've met, some being 6'3 and 6'5, are virgins. i'm not reading your graph. if you were to walk a mile in an incel's shoes you'd lose all faith in women. it's so brutal. when a girl decides to settle down with an incel, i'm not even next in line, insane amounts 6'5 but facially only 5/10 dudes are. truly a race to the bottom.
If chad spent two days living like a loser incel, no woman would ever want him again. There's a good reason that everyone hates sexless "men". They simply don't fit in with 99% of society.
