honestly Loli hentai should be distributed by the government. Too many people have pedophilic urges that they take out on children - usually their own children. Which is probably one of the worst things possible. If a guy kidnaps another kid and rapes em, yeah that's bad, but it was just a one time thing. There's possibly millions of kids locked in a house with their pedophile predator that they can never escape because it's their parent. And they go on to suffer for years and years until eventually they grow up and become a pedo themselves, because they've felt powerless their whole life and want to feel powerful by abusing someone much weaker than them, a child. All of which could be avoided if they just had an outlet.
I think this would just encourage pedophilia
If porn was fully capable of killing a person's interest in having sex then incels wouldn't be a thing. Why would they be complaining? They have porn.
because it's not socially acceptable to just use porn instead of having an actual sex life. You're looked down upon by others. It has been proven that you can use it to diminish urges however
ah yes, it's because society looks down on you that you still want to have sex even though you have pornography
An intellectual titan, you are.
I see no logical issue with that statement. You're so blinded by your biased perspective that you seem to think it makes no sense. News flash, not everything is as intuitive as you think it should be.
Do you guys think pedophilia is a curable disorder?
yeah. pedophilia in most people is either caused by a chemical imbalance that can be treated by drugs or by a complex of powerlessness that can be treated with therapy. convince a guy that he's not weak and doesn't need to prey on kids. And then give him a 4'10" legal gf
You see no logical issue with it because you fail to understand how people work. You even admit that it only diminishes urges, it doesn't resolve them. People will still desire sex even with pornography being available to them, ergo pedophiles will still want sex even with their preferred form of pornography. You will not solve any real issue, nor do the vast amount of pedophiles have an issue with getting loli porn(and plenty of those still get ahold of the real deal) and they still rape kids.
In general, I think people who possess the paraphilia of pedophilia should be closely monitored by the government, but if that's really just involuntarily how they are you don't need to put them in death camps. I do think abuse of a child should be treated like first degree murder and anyone convicted of it should be executed or locked away for the rest of their lives, but if they really can't help it and haven't hurt anyone they should be given intensive therapy before the bullet. People's brains malfunction (ESPECIALLY with regard to sexuality) in a million different ways, they should be treated as having a psychological disorder first and only (and definitely) shot if they actually touch a kid. That all in mind, if they want to jerk off to cartoon drawings of that I don't think that's that big of a deal, as long as no actual person is being harmed
is ai loli (or any degenerate porn in general) unethical
ai loli is illegal (if the government considers it too realistic)
hmm. i guess that makes sense? but it's not real. how realistic does it have to be
