Why are tradcucks so obsessed with marriage when it is clearly a completely failed institution? Marriage is unnatural, there are no animal species that couple with one partner for life. Marriage was originally nothing more than a business transaction, a way to legally bind families in a contract, the whole romance and nuclear familia shit came much later and didn't amount to much. In our time when women can no longer be leveraged as trading goods the whole institution has mutated into cancerous fraud designed to fuck men over for no real benefit. A married man stands to gain nothing by chaining himself to a single roastie
It's because marriage provides the legal foundation necessary for raising children stably.
Wrong. Communal prehistoric societies raised children together, antique societies while employing marriage for aforementioned reasons, didn't rely solelyon parents for childrearing and instead used mentorships and gymnasiums. Family "unit" is the ultimate isolation of a growing child to a single authority that of a father, meaning that not only he grows and learn under an effective despot, but he's also subjected to all the ideological and characteristic flaws of the father. This environment is inherently unhealthy
bro never heard of quail's!?
I don't have the time to post a novel 'proving' that marriage is good, but I'll say it flatters the institution of marriage that it causes massive seethe in unhinged feminists and unhinged MRAs alike.
You must be a f*id, you seem to conveniently ignore helicopter mothers and the damage they do to their kids
The point is that communal raising of children without regard to parentage is better for the actual children than nuclear families. Nuclear families exclusively benefit domineering fathers. Any failing s the mother might have would also be balanced out by communal raising, it's our insistence on paternity that leads to boys being trapped with horrible moms.
I call bullshit. A simple 10-second Google search proves otherwise.
https://www.bbcearth.com/news/seven-animals-who-mate-for-life
You know your article is a reach for the moon when it includes flatworms that fuse bodies to survive or some shit as a type of "monogramy"
Yawn. There's tons of relationships where the man is the "breadwinner" and the "head of the family" but behind closed doors the woman often dictates what happens with the family and especially with her kids.
Take some responsibility like an adult if you want to be treated like an adult.
Fortunately there's good women out there and I've met some. But hey, I guess even that's "sexist" right?
Can't really say that some women are better than others because hey, somehow that's "sexist" instead of y'know, seeing people for the individuals they are.
Back to lolcow. Go on. Get.
This has no bearing whatsoever on the merits of communal child rearing. My guess is you have an axe to grind so I'm going to ignore the rest of your post.
Communal child rearing is every bit as retarded. Every extra authority figure you submit your progeny to is just one more chance to get them raped by a psychopath.
In russian the world for faulty good and marriage is the same word. So in russian we say " A good thing cant be called marriage bruh".
I already know you're some lolcow loving f*id, no need to make it any more obvious.
Communal child rearing is dumb and leads to a society of animals, not humans. 
Also 
This
If you're comfortable with your kids being around random people then cool. communal upbringings are just not conducive to having a family identity and child safety, especially with the number of humans in most societies today.
Actually the norm for most of human history
90% of all bird species mate for life.
Exactly. Just because you're too paranoid to trust the people around or too stupid to be around trustworthy people doesn't mean that your kids should be forced to live in miserable isolation as a result.
And so was child death. There's a reason that average life expectancies were lower. And a big part is child death bringing the average age of death down.
I'm not saying this is due to communal rearing just so we're clear, but using earlier human history as proof of anything doesn't really mean much.
It's in the article because it's an interesting read. Shitton of animals mate for life but even if they did or didn't doesn't matter at all because appealing to nature is a logical fallacy for a very good reason but I'm not gonna spoonfeed your retarded ass incapable of critical thought anymore
You must not get out often. Have you ever seen geese?
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So monogamy is not the norm in heaven (but you can still choose it there).
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
I want to marry a virgin woman. Having a wife would be cool but obviously marriage is only worth it if the girl is a virgin and she loves you and is attracted to you.
Whats wrong with that? It's the purest form of love.
You stole this idea for your scam cult book from Dragon Age Origins lol
Agreed, a marriage between men and women will end badly. But a marriage between a man and a dog...
Its their final cope because they cant handle the idea women are subhuman stupid animals.
Animals don't wear clothes, animals don't use computers, animals don't live in houses with electricity and heating. Stop doing all of those things to.
No. The extended family unit includes grandparents and aunts/uncles as well.
Also, modern children don't entirely rely on their parents either.
Marriages end in 
1.Divorce
2.Unfaithfulness 
3.Dead bedroom
It doesn't work in our modern society there's too much baggage
Why are tradcucks so obsessed with marriage when it is clearly a completely failed institution? 
Because it isn't *for them*. They can also still get a GF, snag a job with a firm handshake, buy a house, etc.
You're just the dregs.
there are no animal species that couple with one partner for life
You're retarded
You're retarded
Daddy knows best though retarded cunt, mommy knows nothing. Boys raised by mommy etiher end as trannies or criminal psychopaths. Boys raised by daddy end as normal productive civilians.
The myth of common communal child rearing is literally a Jewish Communist tale created by Kibbutim.
Very, VERY rare in history and not very good for kids.
Ask the kids from hippie communes in the '70's.
ITT: KHHV robots with no prospects of losing their virginity, having a job above minimum wage, or owning their own home shriek SOUR GRAPES as loud as they can while wondering why well-paid sex-havers live differently than they do.
I don't get this, what happened to your parents house? Did they just sell if and blow all the money before they died?
Robots are the sorts that are disowned by their parents or their parents are as insane as they are and also own nothing
