join Discord community of pooners
find cute shy virgin pooner who would be 10/10 if not trying to become a guy
slip into her DMs
flirt with her
have her latch onto you
gradually begin complimenting her on her feminine traits
make her more comfortable with being seen as a girl again
have her embrace her status as a biological girl
get her pregnant and turn her into a fat milky milf
Why are you not saving pooners from globohomo as a way to escape inceldom?
They're mentally fucked and end up regretting it anyways. It's a self correcting issue
gradually begin complimenting her on her feminine traits
Why would that work on someone who wants to be a man? I'm a femboy not even a tranny but I hate it when people compliment my masculinity.
I'm a femboy
Suck a shotgun you fucking freak show.
All compliments are good when you're infatuated with someone. If all the compliments are about her femininity, she'll start being more feminine.
This is what pooner will look like after she dates me for a couple years :)
What's wrong with femboys?
not always
"B-BUT I CAN RU-REALLY SAVE HURRR!!!"
I'm starting to think I should go back to /b/ and never should have become a refu/g/ that ended up in bumhole /9001/ of all places
19yo Zoomer from big blue city Here. I Grew up with many girls who became pooners, If only it were that easy, I would have saved those girls, and I feel like shit for not being able to do so. (Am autismo, but looked good when I was younger)
inb4 why not attempt at least?
Since my city is the way that it is, if I tried to help them in any way, there would be significant pushback, I would likely be shunned by those around me, be made even less employable than I am already.
Not to mention that just about all of the pooners I know are too far gone, they have started testosterone, they are going to get double mastectomies within a year. And as much as it hurts to see, (especially knowing how that cookie crumbles). I am slowly coming to terms with the fact that I can't do anything about it, and that it's not my responsibility.
Pic Related is true (with the addition of far leftist social circles and the existing foundations of other mental problems, such as insecurity, marital issues) 
There is also a component of wanting to "defect" so to speak to the other side, and in a an juvenile or infantile manner, not wanting to worry about existing problems, and becoming out of touch as a result, (Vanity, Narcissism, Muh Identity is under attack, ETC).
As much as I wish to be the man in the picture, I know that the events proceeding in the near future will be:
They will become freakish abominations, rotting corpses of who they used to be, bred with a prevented idealized image who they would want to be/fuck (and not in a good way, as in showing proclivity to be anime/hentai characters as opposed to people with laurels of any kind) and I can't do a thing about it.
Sorry If my response was kinda long, but I feel as if this would be the best place for it.
In my experience, mtf trannies are easier to talk to than regular women, regular women are mostly impossible but if you consistently put yourself out there you accidentally get a gf about once every 5 to 10 years, and ftms are identical to women in being nearly impossible to relate to or talk with.
I would like to formally call you a fag, not because of the content of your post, but just because of your weeb gif that tries to hold autism as a laurel.
Leave my autistic anime website, zoomie.
You're not autistic, you're just dumb and socially awkward. TrueAutismoos are the next stage in human evolution, who were brought about by a need to adapt to technology. They are reproductively successful and work as CERNchads.
After a pooner meets a High T Architect Chad and stops taking hormone therapy, her estrogen levels rebound violently and cause her ass to balloon in size, often leading her to become an immobile breeding station, hosting octuplets or greater.
