Before the incels took over, a common theme on /r9k/ was robots asking fembots questions. Now that incels are running women off the board, that doesn't seem to happen anymore, so I was wondering: are there any subreddits that have a similar dynamic going on?
no, theres nothing left like that. the tranny admins on reddit go out of their way to shut stuff like that down because they're all incels who had to transition to have sex
Why in the fuck would you want to post on r*ddit? Throwaway accounts get b&amp; nearly instantly now due to """spam""". Really, it's probably because the moderate functioning sociopaths that make up the r*ddit userbase NEED something to hold over your head and juicy post history to look through. You want to be a recreational blackmail victim? just join a discord server on here. It's pretty much the same experience.
Incels really are the cancer of society. I miss the old r9k
"fembot threads" were a traditional AF aspect of /r9k/ culture, it wasn't until the incel migration that people started wanting them gone.
There's barely any actual incels here anymore. Just redditors, inceltears feminists, glownigger shills, and manosphere grifters trying to sell some product.
You can't even say you are a fembot on here because everyone just losses there shit and tells you that you are not a bot and woman can't be lonely
You're being very generous calling the modern incel a """glownigger shill""". They're literal fucking high schoolers, so not even useful to set up a strawman plot for the agency to avert.
Yes, also I've noticed that their techniques for discouraging female posters have gotten more sophisticated. A big one is they will post obvious LARP posts pretending to be women to try and create the impression that all female posts are LARPs and shouldn't be believed.
good, women shouldnt use 4chan. 4chan is for losers, women are automatic winners. they can leave
When you try to give them advice or help or god forbidd show how a woman sees/feels they get so mad
you dont think glownigger agencies send people here to spread bluepills?
Hm, I didn't know that. I know 4chan since 5 years, and I thought this board has a history of misogyny.
How was it like before the age of hate?
They want you to sperg out in public so they can stop their own plots and arrest you to get more funding and good press to get more fundng. That's all you are to them: just an excuse to keep the counter-terror gravy train going even though the sandnigger wars are over.
Was more so for social outcast in general not incels in particular
