r9k. Do you make your bed? Do you do it every morning? why?
I leave my bed for a total of one hour a day.
no i live alone
It gets annoying after you rip the sheets out of the bottom of the bed with your feet in the middle of the night
No. It's a massive waste of time and energy. There are no benefits whatsoever
If shaking out my gazillion pillows and two covers after showering, right before I go straight back into bed counts as "making your bed"?
Yes.
I have never made my bed to well. I just put the blanket on top of it and press the mattress against the wall to hold post of the blanket in place.
What kind of pussy has sheets? I only need a blanket and the mattress.
what kind of pussy has a mattress. I sleep on a bamboo floor mat like a Japanese Shogun.
nah. 
to me its a disciplined move to change sheets more often than every 6 months.
what kind of pussy has a floor. I sleep on the roof of my SUV.
what kind of a pussy has an SUV? i sleep in the woods
bwahahahaha i wish i could upvote your posts
no, lol.
the state of my bed is almost always something to behold, i treat my bed like an inventory. There is so much random shit in here. I'm looking around right now and there is an xbox controller, a computer mouse, a ruler, a teaspoon, a receipt, my drivers license and a razor blade. Wtf?
making your bed becomes a scavenger hunt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbSehcT19u0 [Embed]
this made me laugh, fucking exactly
I was smiling until I read your response.
hmm geee why is there a ruler in your bed i wonder.
I hastely make it right before going to sleep
HAHAHAHAHAHA 
inb4 'ur a tranny stop larping' but I'm not a dude actually so I have no use for,,, that
I think I was measuring clothes or something, I don't remember why it's there tee bee haitch
i sleep on my mattress on the floor with my clothes on i dont have to make anything other than kick my mattress back in the corner sometimes
naa
Actually my diet has been OMAD for many months now and I do my meal-time for the day like an hour before bed most days, but I bring all my food into my room and eat while sitting in bed, and I use the edge of my sheets as a napkin and also a surface to place little bites of food for the dog. I only wash my sheets like once every few months so they get pretty stained up with food
Based and cozypilled
only when I wash my blankets and have to put them back anyway. I'm one of those restless bastards that rolls over a gorillion times in the course of a night, so once I've slept one night in a bed, everything is crumpled up quite thoroughly.
yes
yes
was reading a part in the bible where paul told another person to make his bed before leaving, felt inspired by it
making bed is useless if I literally stay in bed all day and jerk off and only leave momentarily to piss without flushing the toilet.
i deliberately unmake my beds so they can dry out
Rarely. I throw the sheets on myself, and if they fall off, I either leave them there or lazily throw them back over whenever I get up. I should change them more often, but whatever.
I leave it, but I make it about an hour before I go to bed. Then I turn my electric blanket on so when I get into bed it's nice and warm.
i dont move that much so its easy to leave the sheets flipped, when im back to sleep i just cover myself in ez
The chad side is unironically me, Doritos and everything.
Yes I make my bed everyday. Funnily enough I am an incel virgin and I always keep my blinds closes too
I think it was backhanded lmao
No. I straighten the blankets but I only ever make it when I change the sheets.
The blanket touching the floor triggers me
