To Women,
&lt;Part 1 of 3>
I resent you. My heart is dead. An atrophied vestigial organ chard black from being raked over hot coals. Sick from the cold bitter poisons you inject into the cockles of my heart as a jape waiting for it to no longer beat. It is not the passionate core of living flesh, no ma'am, only a plank of wood for you to walk on. A tool for your convenience and a utility to procure you mundane pleasures, like the rest of me. I don't want to live anymore. You know something? You degrade men. You abuse them accuse their sexual impulses as being inherently pernicious and evil to your safety. You also humiliate and demean them for "failing" to convince women to have sex with them. if that wasn't contradictory enough, you now try to falsely wear the monicker of "autist" or "incel" or "robot" for sympathy and a sense of identity because you're a genuinely bad person and shallow, all without actually suffering any of the negative repercussions of it. Men just having a natural, sexual impulse is degrading for you despite the fact you deliberately try to dress with that intention in mind. But somehow you get a pass intentionally trying to shit on men constantly on purpose with the intention to make them feel degraded slandered worthless emasculated and unjustified. "toxic masculinity" is just the newest example of women abusing medical terms to stigmatize masculinity and justify emasculating men on a social and institutional level. It's shocking how blatant it is. Women have "unrealistic/unhealthy expectations of women" men get "toxic masculinity" what a joke. if you're not willing to admit that you're passive aggressively malicious here then there really is no justifying you.
-Anon
Last Thread:
https://youtu.be/J1bQgySefaw [Embed]
Song of The Day:
https://youtu.be/J1bQgySefaw [Embed]
This world is so gay
Justify any of it
I fucking dare you
&lt;Part 2 of 3>
I don't really understand why you give yourself and other women so much slack. You really don't deserve it. I promise you don't deserve to forgive yourself for it. I can't figure out how to impress that. You're not wrong, every standard anyone holds you to is wrong. I really feel like you are so far up your own ass that the echo can't even reach you. You are a bad person, doing awful things to other people that you choose to demonize in order to feel morally superior. You are not a morally complicated individual. You are a privileged hussy, who treats people badly. No, the uncomfortable awkward moments you experience that set off your hyper sensitive anxiety attacks over men and how evil you think they all are for popping a boner with you in mind is not a justification. You're a bad person, you have and continue to treat me unjustly, I'm very sick of you, you owe me a heap of apologies, and lots of innocent people are worse off because you're a piece of shit.
As much as everyone tries to hand my self esteem over to you through your validation and my mockery, insults, demonization, legal and law enforcement discrimination and coercion aswell as the abuse of medical or psychological community's terms and authority and abuse of the hippocratic oath: You are not valid. You aren't justified. You're not a good person. You never have been. It's taboo to admit it, but every convenient thought and entitlement you have is completely unjustified and every time you're upset with someone else there is a 100% chance you are a complete hypocrite.
excellent post as always.
&lt;Part 3 of 3>
It just seems weird how every single interaction with me, you actually try to shit in my cereal and blame me for it, and you're so entitled that you think i have to like you for it or I'M the bad person out of the two of us. And whenever genders swap, even in a ruleset explicitly built to benefit you all the time without exception at my expense you are always a hypocrite. Why the fuck am i supposed to cooperate with you and act altruistically to you when you are such a selfish genuinely awful person and a hypocrite towards me as a rule? I think you cynically take me and men for granted. You're a malicious hateful person, power hungry, petty and selfish and proud of that as long as you keep getting away with it. I wish you didn't exist to be honest. I have never once experienced a single good thing about you. I wish you would just have an epiphany one day and start acting like a good person. 
It's so joyless. Feeling forced or sacrificed for the sake of someone totally unhelpful and unappreciative and not just morally flawed but morally wrong. As kind as i am to you and everyone else, I know that deep down you are a bad person. You will fuck me over and other people over and neither contemplate the pain or wrongness of it. And I'm frustrated by the fact that I can't think of anything better to respond to you with than patience. It's so obnoxious the way you're fighting to feel morally superior by just slandering all men all the time and applying coercion and censorship to do so. You try to cover up your wrongs with more wrongs. A truly Brobdingnagian feat.
That's called gaslighting, and is a very obvious womanipulation tactic
Dear Anon,
Thanks friend. I hope you have a good dary.
-Anon
Dear Anon,
Maybe they really can't do it. But I will FUCKING castigate them for it.
-Anon
Dear Anon,
I'm not sure. Gaslighting is to assert that someone is crazy for bringing to light a malicious act, in an attempt to sidestep the issue. In this case i'd say is was closer to and ad hominem, misprision by defamation, or concealment by accusation. It's not the victim's grip on reality specifically being called into question, but shearly attacking the character of men, and trying to turn people's attention away from the wrongs of women. It's trying to change the topic onto disparaging men always, to avoid a fair judgement and accounting of what women are like to them.
-Anon
It's pointless and psychologically counterproductive to hate animals for acting like animals- whether they be four-legged creatures, female humans, dark-skinned male humans, obese humans, or any other kind of lower life form with limited intelligence that operates purely out of primal instinct without nay ability to understand itself or use logic.
To Anon,
No it isn't. Talking about bugs and whether they're pests, or lions and whether they're predators to you is not "psychologically counterproductive". It sounds more like you're coming up with poorly thought out, arbitrary excuses to convince me to be quiet, but you're not even thinking about what you're saying let alone whatever I'm saying, and you certainly haven't taken the time to seriously consider if what i do is "productive", you seem frankly too dismissive and lazy for that to be honest. 
-Anon
Women are not bad people, they are just incapable of thinking rationally and having self-awareness because their brain structure is different. For most of the millions of years of human evolution women were just property of the
strongest men, they did not need to develop their mental faculties, and so they remained as simple bio-units with no independent functioning, existing just to breed and feed. 
Point is that you don't hate animals for acting like animals, but you can take measures to avoid dangerous animals, and protect yourself from their attacks, rid your home of infestations. Men evolved to hunt, fight, build, innovate, cooperate, and for men to create civilization then along with this came an immense capacity for self reflection and logical reasoning.
Still fucking little kids' sneakers, Klaus?
