There is some truth to the blackpill and genetic determinism, but 70-80% of guys severely underestimate their genetic potential.
I'm out of the loop. What did he do for his face?
gained muscle, did neck exercises
If you fully believe in the Blackpill you already were never going to do well with women.
Its surface level truth mixed with nihillism and white bias.
every pill has a truth too it. every ideololgy does too. take the best aspect from it and be aware.
Jawline fillers
Did his chin grow?
incels dont want to work hard they want to complain
He went through puberty. The original picture is from an Instagram post from a Brazilian male model doing "the puberty challenge" where you post your before and after. Yeah, that's him before puberty on the left at like 14 or something -- just looks like an average fully grown incel
Left doesn't look prepubescent.
And here's another classic one for ya.
Who cares? I will never reach my max potential, I'm too weak.
I think that's the point you can take away from this
even going through puberty a chad already looks like the fully grown version of an incel
Yeah that's true. If you're too weak you'll never make it.
It's not just puberty. There are hormonal changes that take place when a man works out and eats right, among other things. Picrel is Hamza, a famous youtuber. Left is when he was 16/17 (so not a prepubescent boy), and his classmates used to tell him he looked 12. Had he not improved himself he would have most likely settled on that child looking mode forever (or maybe he would've grown an awkward beard on that soft face).
My point isn't that EVERYONE is gonna make it. Truecels do exist. My point is that a lot of people who LOOK like truecels are in fact NOT truecels because they DO have the genetic potential to achieve glowups comparable pics rel. By definition, genetic aberrations are rare, and people with truly messed up genes (horrible symmetry, highly receded chin, genetic balding that can't be fixed) do not represent the bulk of the male gene pool. Considering the abysmal state at which men find themselves nowadays, simple self improvement can allow the average man to hold a SIGNIFICANT competitive advantage over the trooned out sissified &amp; emasculated male populace. You can easily reach the top 20% of men (granted you're not a genetic aberration) if you self-improvemax, even if you currently look like an incel.
yes, taking steroids
yet another steroid monkey hamza worshipper
Steroids reduce testosterone. Steroid monkeys have gyno and do not get more masculine post use. He's not even that big, if that's not achievable natty then working out is a lie. Why cope so hard when the facts actually go your way?
Imagine telling someone good news and they get mad. Is this how Jesus felt?
He's a fuckin liar, just accept it. He has millions of followers and most of them look like twigs despite lifting for years. 
It's just sad
Coping poojet trying to psyop ppl into thinking good about India 
Nobody like India, Rahjeed.
Oh and by the way he does have gyno, look it up. He just got it mysteriously, as one does, go figure
Yeah bro you just didn't meditate and nofap long enough bro
Yes. Unironically.
How is that my or your problem? It's known that getting fit is humanly doable, right? So what do we care if a bunch of losers fail at it (as long as we don't)?
I'm not against working out but yours is the standard logic of the gymcel, it's common as shit
Common as shit and effective as shit. Sometimes you don't need to reinvent the wheel. The simplest people are the ones who get laid the most. I have yet to meet someone who has discovered "some hidden trick" that can allow an incel to ascend other than your typical "lift and do nofap" style of self improvement.
I'm sorry the world is that simple.
And so another gymcel was born
Growing a beard to cover your weak jawline is a stupid move. The worst thing is when you have to shave for some reason and the woman you're with see's what your face actually looks like
I think it's better to just not try to cover your worst looking features and instead just be honest. It's better to be single and honest about how you look than be in a relationship and then have your partner resent or be disgusted by your true appearance once it's revealed
it is a lowkey attempt to make indian guys look good subconsciously.
If they straight up said Indian men or something they would be laughed out of here.
Quite pathetic really.
Maybe some people aren't mean to make it, even when given the tools. There will always be an underclass.
Then don't shave. Simple as.
His height, beard, hairline, eyebrows, etc is all genetics. You're fucking retarded. If someone is short and bald they know it regardless of whether they're a gymcel who eats 5 carrots a day or not. And if someone is 6'2 with a full head of hair wasting their potential by being an ungroomed fatty that's also self evident. You arent making any revelation or point here.
If you look like a twig, eat more. Not everyone has the genes for 6 pack abs even if they work hard.
I already said that not everyone's gonna make it, and that the blackpill is partly true.
Wow the white guy with blue eyes, head of hair and clear skin became a white guy with blue eyes, head of hair and clear skin
Crazy epic transformation. Successfully un blackpilled
obviously achievable natty, but in fairness most people with unimpressive physiques that look big to the average person are using. steroids don't automatically make you mr olympia.
you can have good bones under fat, you can also have terrible bones under fat. i have hollow cheeks, but the rest of my face is too screwed up for me to get a gf.
I'm going to say this again: YES THE BLACKPILL IS PARTLY CORRECT, YES YOU NEDD TO HAVE A CERTAIN AMMOUNT OF GENETIC POTENTIAL FOR IT TO WORK, AND YES SOME PEOPLE ARE TRUELY NGMI EVEN IF THEY TRY.
That said, a good portion of those who indetify as incels and who post here and elsewhere are white, OR are above 5'8, OR have blue/green eyes, OR have a decent bone structure behind all the fat and the atrophied facial muscles. These "Fakecels" are abundantly present within the so called incel community and their failure is but a result of their lack of taking action AND the constant demoralization they have been subjected to (which I am attempting to fight with this post).
Trucels, people who are actually irredeemable (unfixable baldness + very short) make up less than half of people who identify as incels (my own observation).
In short, 50%+ of people who post here are fakecels the like of which would benefit from taking typical "boring" self improvement advice like "just lift bro".
My major gribe with the blackpill in its current state? If over estimates the quantity of men who are truly irredeemable and over estimates what it takes to get laid ("if you're not top 10% of men it's over for you, bro"), and it underestimates one's ability to glow up granted that they are not irredeemable ("you can only go from 5/10 to 6/10 if you looksmax properly, bro")
If Hamza was a 5'7" and balding no one would care
Andrew tate has a weak chin but he makes up for it with the rest. Now imagine if he had a scrawny body and a baby face ON TOP of the weak chin, and if he talking himself out of getting jack because "muh it's already over".
You don't need to be a 10/10 in all categories, just max what you can and chances are you'll go above the "getting a gf" threshold.
When did I say it's not genetics? And yes, had he been 5'1 and bald he'd be hosed.
Jeremy Meeks is a chinlet too
come on, that's a terrible example. top 0.1% of wealth, fame, AND status will obviously get you chicks. you never see dudes with tate genetics with girls in public, no matter how much you push the notion
Do you think Andrew Tate only started to get laid only once he became a millionaire? Do you think he can't get laid without the money?
Genetic determinism is fucking bullshit for the mere fact that genetics really just side with the environment. 
From a purely genomic perspective, 
It doesn't make sense for an offspring to be taller than both of their parents, but it happens
It doesn't make sense that a generation can be taller than the very previous generation, while this is a statistical fact.
Something have kept the parents away from their genetic potential and this will never make sense to genetic determinists, which is the environment.
he was kickboxing world champion prior to that, so yes, he could. he struggled to get laid before all of that way back when. in 2023 without being the best in the world at something important, a millionaire, etc he would be rotting on .me
There's a 0% chance Andrew Tate would be rotting on .me even if he had no money or fame. Like absolutely 0%.
literally a 100% chance. mogged by most non curry users
You mean literally what white people have done for hundreds of years?
Sad
are you blind? He does have a baby face. Growing a beard didnt change that
