your type
what are your greatest strengths?
what are your greatest flaws?
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Don't know your type? Take a test here:
https://sakinorva.net/functions
Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is an introspective self-report questionnaire indicating differing psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions. The test attempts to assign four categories: introversion or extraversion, sensing or intuition, thinking or feeling, judging or perceiving.
An introductory article:
https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics
Bibliography of Jungian and MBTI derived typology
https://pastebin.com/XJvFYQzT
Explanations of PT types and functions:
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types
Turbie's Wurbular funground of additional tests and resources:
https://pastebin.com/QK0uSJaT
Previous Thread: >>72973401 →
First for INFJ-T!!! ^o^ Yesyesyes! ^w^
Shut the FUCK up, Turbie.
Just kidding, love you &lt;3
Guys, I just farted at a Urinal, how do I live down the shame and embarrassment?
Please make more turbie noises turbie I love you
I love you Turbie &lt;3
Just kidding, shut the FUCK up
your type
ISTP
greatest strengths
Never having to rely on anyone or ever being indebted to anybody.
greatest flaws
Impulsive. Asocial: I too easily cut people out of my life.
stereotypes that apply
Loner. Flat emotional expressions. Keep conversation to a minimum. Boring to others.
stereotypes that don't apply
Not being able to think abstractly. Always tinkering with physical objects. Adrenaline junkie.
advice
Don't follow me. And don't let the world convince you that you're worth less than you really are.
ultimate goal
Being satisfied with the decisions I've made throughout my life once I'm eventually lying in my death bed.
INFJ-A's birthday is around this point since he's on the Aries-Taurus cusp. Everyone wish him a good one
type
According to that test, ENTP
strength
I am pretty adaptible. 
weakness
I tend to have a habit of wanting to drop something after a short amount of time. Mostly because I get bored or dont like feeling bogged down. I do my best to keep a leash on that though.
stereotypes
I am a pretty quick thinker and fast learner, but I would say I am more grounded in a sense. 
advice
Whatever you do life will suck either way, so embrace the suck.
ultimately want to experience or accomplish
Honestly I just want to be as independent and self sufficient as I can be. Would like to be a father one day too, but I am not knocking up just any woman. My own mother fucked me up pretty badly growing up, I got some red flags to look out for.
tfw gemini sun/aries rising
How the types are created
How the types are created
Enfjs- grew up to fulfill someone else's emotional and physical needs, expecting nothing in return
Istps- grew up in a life of raw survival
Intps- grew up under appreciated/ neglected, always searching for something meaningful
Infjs- grew up emotionally and or physically abused and isolated
Esfjs- grew up where love is not unconditional, always having to provide something in return to feel adored or appreciated
Istjs- grew up to fulfill a specific duty or cause
Estjs- grew up expected to be great or be unneeded in their household
Isfjs- grew up never feeling enough for unconditional love
Entps- grew up not being supported emotionally, showing emotions other than what was allowed was unsatisfactory
Enfps- grew up feeling misguided and lonely
Entjs- grew up feeling that their actions were never good enough, they have to be the best
Intjs- grew up afraid to rely on people, detached and isolated
Isfps- grew up being forced to submit to someone or something
Estp- grew up without any emotional or physical stability, either from poverty and/or parental divorce
Esfp- grew up having to be used as physical labor
Infp- ?
All of this checks out with me lmao
I hate myself though and always will.
as you should dumbphie
fuck... i woke up... type for this feel?
ENTJ
Strengths 
I'm hardworking and adapatable. No matter how shitty the situation I will find a way to survive it
Flaws
I fucking hate myself. I doubt every decision I make or don't make 
Stereotypes
I don't know many stereotypes about this. I guess I'm E for extrovert but I'm only extroverted among people I feel comfortable with. I can't randomly go talk to a girl at a bar. But I can shoot shit with random dudes playing pool or something 
What advice would you give to someone who looks up to you 
Who the fuck would look up to me? I'm single. I'm average at my hobbies. I've got 2 friends. I apparently care much more for other people than they do for me. My advice would be, don't be like me, be someone better
What do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience?
I'd like to have a happy family. I want to have a wife who I love and who loves me. I want to have children who think of their dad as a super hero. I want to feel like I had a positive impact on someone, instead of being a burden they're forced to bear at best
your type
ESTP
what are your greatest strengths?
Objectivity, reaction speed, quick hands-on learning.
what are your greatest flaws?
Self-deception. Changing mind frequently. Afraid of the unknown. Lose interest if there is little feedback.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
Don't: not a 'chad', not a fan of large parties or groups of people.
Do: impulsive. First do, then think. Into physical activities of all kinds, from sports to yoga. Really into sexual stuff.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Have fun!
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Not a fun of 'ultimately' or goals. For now, get a coding skill, because I need to feed myself.
INFPs would grew up feeling that their real life were deprived from them.
ENTJ
That's surprisingly accurate but instead of drive and determination to get better I have the supernatural ability to refute and doubt any decision I make
I am convinced that pretty much everything I do is wrong or fruitless and even when proven otherwise I chalk it up to dumb luck
Infp- ?
This is INFP childhood
your type
INFP
what are your greatest strengths?
My creativity and ability to stay true to myself and my beliefs
what are your greatest flaws?
Martyr complex, can be selfish, compulsive need to be different and original that just makes me come across as obnoxious
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I'm not a sensitive snowflake, though I do have cause I strongly believe in. Most of the stereotypes I fit are a result of my mental illnesses
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Try to create something from your pain. Whether it's writing, drawing, making music... you can make something beautiful and give purpose to your suffering. Also, never change for someone else; it's never worth it.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I want to be recognized for my abilities.
your type
INFP
what are your greatest strengths?
independence, empathy, critical thinking
what are your greatest flaws?
self consciousness, depression
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
most of it is true, but i'm less emotional than the stereotypes
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
keep an even perspective on life
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
i'm tired of this question
your type
ISFP
what are your greatest strengths?
physical endurance
what are your greatest flaws?
too many social inhibitions 
which stereotypes of your type apply to you 
I am lazy when it comes to doing things I don't actually enjoy 
which don't?
I don't have any strong convictions or values (or maybe I do and don't realize it idk)
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
uh I don't know 
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I just wanna take it easy and do the things I like
what's the archetype for carl gustav jung in cumjar
What are the dangers of an INFJ girl?
You find out about the full scale of their mental issues too late, when they have already enticed you.
I'm INFP but for me personally it was mainly just being beaten by mother and insulted by her constantly.
I despise her now and don't speak to her at all.
BREEDER BECAME 3DPD
your type
INFJ
what are your greatest strengths?
The light of heaven is with me.
what are your greatest flaws?
I'm lazy. And alcohol.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
There's a tendency to extremism that I have to resist.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Love is the way.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
My life is about learning and making experiences. It will be accomplished when it ends.
your type
INTJ-T
greatest strengths
Planning in advance and going through said plans
greatest flaws
Panicking when something unexpected happens or doesn't go according to plan.
stereotypes that apply
I am a loser virgin incel
stereotypes that don't
Being good at science and mathematics.
advice to people who look up to me
Look up to someone better.
what do you ultimately want to experience in life
Experiencing meaningful memories and relationships before I die. Also being very competent on the things I like doing.
istp
strengths
i'm sure i have some but i don't know. anytime someone itt has pointed out something supposedly positive about me or my behavior, it's born from a comparison to other people as a baseline, which i don't have.
flaws
there are dozens of things that bother me about myself. i don't know the difference between a flaw, an insecurity, and a problem.
stereotypes
i don't know which things about istp are stereotypes and which are actual traits. i probably match many.
advice for someone who looks up to you
don't do that
what do you want to accomplish or experience
i would like to experience contentment.
grew up in a life of raw survival
kek
INFP ?
this is interesting. i don't think i've met a healthy (or at least someone who has established their identity and settled in it) INFP before. has anyone in this thread? i think most anons likely have met the 'wandering, evolving, seeking' INFP and associated the transitional period with the type, which might not be very accurate.
Typio for this feelio?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_snC1z10m4U [Embed]
What type likes to kiss on the st-hairs?
your type
INTJ
what are your greatest strengths?
Self-reliance, I can almost do anything myself. Also I interpret information quickly by skipping and reading between the lines, half the time if I miss info in class I guess dead accurately because the patterns and applied knowledge fit the answer
what are your greatest flaws?
I live in constant fear of the future and I'm anti-social a lot of times. Not to mention I'm fucking blind as a bat if you ask me to find something
which stereotypes of your type apply to you 
Usually reserved emotions, incredibly intelligent (even thought this sounds so obnoxious), also pretty good reading people especially assholes they radiate the word asshole around themselves somehow
and which don't?
I'm shit at chess and I'm not fully emotionless considering if an INFP really loves me I'm gonna jump out my tracksuit with nothing but underwear remaining like a cartoon character onto her
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Don't give up cunt, chase and grab your dreams. Remain intelligent and strong as well
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I want sex with a cute girl I can call my wife
Intjs- grew up afraid to rely on people, detached and isolated
Sounds about right. I grew up moving to another country with no knowledge of English, I learned quickly from that stress being detached from other 4 year olds instead rather playing with LEGO and learing English. I was also pretty much reluctant to work in groups as a kid (still am) leading to me doing everything myself and scoring top grades lmao
how do you cope as a 6
MBTI pairers? Pur response??
WHAT TYPE THE DRIVER IS?
from arizona
what is it called when you experience restless thoughts that you want to expel somehow, but have no way to do so, causing you to feel something similar to claustrophobia
so basically today adolf hitler took town a nuke or something 
what a day ngl
your type
infj-t
what are your greatest strengths?
emotional self-sufficiency and apathy
what are you greatest flaws?
extremely lazy; I struggle with the most basic of everyday functions 
also apathy
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
nothing I do at a given place in two different moments makes sense when analyzed
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
goooooood luck!
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
comprehension and self-annihilation
sounds like rumination or intrusive thoughts. also white bear problem, maybe
TYPE FOR THIS FEEL IN PARTICULAR? what is it? 
TEACH ME HOW TO FEEL IN MBTI TYPES /MBTI/
TEACH ME
ironic process theory was new. neat. but the problem isn't how long the thoughts linger though. it's the internal response they illicit. it's usually just an observation, commonly a negative observation, and it feels like i'm supposed to place the thought somewhere, but there's nowhere for it to go. like baking a potato in tin foil, then taking it out of the oven. it's hot and you juggle it in your hands but suddenly you realize there's no plates or tables or places to deposit the object, and placing it on the floor is worse than holding it, so you're restless.
is this common?
/mbti/sisters? our answer? >>73028235 →
their types?
HARD MODE: no ExxPs or INxxs
any use of symbolism is good and deep because using symbolism is just good and deep by default, quality, rarity and effectiveness in conveying be damned
Why there are people like this and what types they tend to be
I haven't experienced that. For me the intrusive thought (critical inner voice) is pervasive and intelligent. There is nowhere to put the voice because he's everywhere and unrelenting. 
I suppose if you had the option of putting the voice somewhere, you should confront it to realize that the Intrusive thoughts are wrong and destructive. Placing the voice in the open and exposing it "to the light" so to speak. But I'm being a hypocrite by telling you that because I've never been able to do so
sounds Ne/Fi to me. ENFP or INFP both generate symbolism and ideation using Ne and value that using Fi. INFP will be more reserved and melancholy about it, trying to build a small but potent arsenal of valuable symbols, while ENFP will energetically hoard as many as possible, impact unimportant.
how does your 'inner voice' appear to you? its name makes me think it would be sentient and self aware, like your consciousness has been bisected into the actor and the observer, creating a performer and a critic in your mind. i have nothing even close to that. nobody is watching me within my mind. i have no self appraisal unless i myself am taking the action to self appraise. that is part of why the thoughts make me so restless; they come without invitation and refuse to leave the front of my mind. they're solitary thoughts and do not evolve or change when introduced to information or counterarguments. it's like someone puts up a sign in my mind and leaves.
i can ignore hunger, pain, drowsiness, and the full spectrum of emotion with some focus, but when a thought of "why is this so" occurs, it's impossible to get rid of.
A dissociative disorder
care to elaborate, or did you just want to mention a concept without your thought process and hope the discussion ended right there
Which mental illness is this.
I did the test and got this.
Link? Looks like sakinorva but ilooks kinda different
Virgin stacey: ExFJ
Chad Virgin: istp
I don't have any strong convictions or values
Fi is not high in your stack then, if even present.
How does the inner voice appear to you 
It's just a voice. It's not a distinct entity. I suppose I'm taking the concept of how I think for granted, perhaps you think differently? The thoughts in my head share my voice .
The critical voice appears as a different viewpoint for me. Like surely you've had a discussion with yourself about something? A decision or problem that you're facing? It's the same thing, but the critical voice always maintains a negative, mean spirited point of view.
My issue is that my critical voice is more intelligent than the positive voice. The critical voice has evidence (for example I'm single, not very successful with women and have few friends). So the critical voice uses objective examples and logic to prove that I am a piece of shit who's existence is a burden to others.
My critical voice has a counter to every argument. It's literally the smarter of the two thoughts. The positive voice is small and demure, it's words are hollow and coping
I'm not worthless. My family loves me. I am a loyal friend. I do things for other people out of kindness
They love you out of obligation. You are loyal because you fear losing people, you think following them around like a dog will make them like you, but it's tolerance while you remain useful. Your kindness is banal, it's safe. Holding the door for someone isn't kindness, it's common courtesy, it is expected.
My critical voice never stops. It never sleeps. Sometimes it gets quiet if things go well, like if I'm talking to a girl or having a good workout. But it comes back the moment my success falters. I wish I could put it away somewhere
I never have to think about Eur*pe again thank god. Now I just need to finish becoming gay so I don't need to think about women either. 
That's just 16personalities.com
Perhaps the work life balance is healthy, but it betrays a more general unnacceptance or even lack of awareness of non-conformance on the European continent. It's like they can't even imagine a way of life outside of their strict daily routine. Being on the continent was like being in a strange bubble where the rest of the world was non-existent outside of flying the new battle flag of the EU and bleating China bad. What's more important is making sure you have a bottle of Aperol in the window. This is supposed to be the imperial core, what all the destruction is sustaining. A bunch of slack jawed last men. The world is doomed.
i don't have an inner voice. i do not have discussions with myself. i don't think words at all, it's difficult for me to convert my thoughts into language to begin with. i haven't spoken about this for some time, but this is returning to the issue of personhood. i feel more like what i imagine an animal's psyche is, than a person psyche. my ability to have that idea should disprove my perception, but the deeper i dig into how other people behave and are motivated to behave from within, the more alien i feel. 
i have no inner voice, not even an initial one. the idea that you are a person who then additionally has two voices in your mind, a nice one and a cruel one, is bizarre. like an angel and a demon on your shoulder, you see in cartoons. to my mind, i'm a force that acts on the world around me. it seems that most people perceive themselves as an actor making actions, but i can't perceive an actor in myself; i only exist in the action. 
i'd say something reassuring about your negative thoughts if i had any perspective. i don't know how actual relationships work enough to agree or disagree.
welcome back from your trip also.
Anon, are you of any faith by birth or upbringing?
faith by upbringing
no. why?
Thank you. I am drained and depressed and down 1.5k. Hopefully it was worth it. Of course it's not going to earn me much respect because as soon as I express any dissatisfaction it'll be because "I was doing it wrong", but maybe personal growth is real. At least now I know that I won't magically morph into a different person just because I'm in a different environment.
I doubt you're any different. How exactly would a "well travelled" individual explain how it makes them special?
But I saw whales come out the ocean
And?
I said three broken sentences to a local who wanted nothing to do with me!
So what?
I WITNESSED INCREDIBLE ARTEFACTS
Please. That's what the internet is for. It's the reason nobody goes outside. You had some photons engrained into your eyeballs for the sake of it. Useless.
i don't think anyone can ever morph into a different person. that's just called acting.
How do you make a decision? How do you make a difficult choice?
I'm not deriding you, I'm interested in how you process that scenario. For me, my thoughts are language primarily. They are sometimes visual and sometimes audio (non words, like music or the sound of birds) but they are never touch, taste or smell
As I type this, I read the words aloud in my head, or perhaps the words are "spoken" first and my fingers follow, I do not know.
But if you have no voice, then how do you think? How can you apply logic and reason and rationale? How can you make decisions?
For me, your description of yourself is as alien as my description of myself is to you.
I should note that you described my inner voice as "an angel and a demon on your shoulder, you see in cartoons" but that is not wholly accurate. In cartoons the devil often says to do bad or selfish things like "hurt that person" or "steal from that store". My voice never guides me to hurt other people, only to destroy myself. It undermines and makes hollow any victory, it finds vulnerability and exploits it incessantly, like kicking a broken rib.
I have often doubted if any thought I've ever had was original or profound. Because the voice comes and reasons 
If you could have reached this conclusion, why wouldn't anyone else have also reached it? You are not special or intelligent as to be the first. Your conclusion must be obvious, and therefore it is not worth discussing.
There's some value in seeing something with your own eyes. Just knowing that the world is comprised of billions of unthinking drones doesn't quite match the eldritch horror of witnessing it first hand. The same for seeing whales or ancient artefacts, it makes it "real" to your lizard brain. Obviously this shouldn't make you more interesting to other people, but I do see how it could change you as a person.
 I held back from answering because I was afraid of starting a fight.
 If you are asking that question for your personal reference, I would be happy to share my opinion. Though, you would have to specify what you want so I can give a good answer.
Don't worry about it! I am honestly interested in your point of view about the whole personal appearance=type, feel free to elaborate further.
Damn, who hurt you today?
I'll have you know that I have an impeccable sense of fashion.
Sigh. Figures out. This might be one of the reasons to your lack of sense of agency. 
Try physical work and this (a quite straightforward lesson on how to filter out noise): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKwabH-k2fg [Embed]
how do you make a decision
i don't think many decisions are needed in my life.
how do you make a difficult choice
describe what a difficult choice would be. all i can think of is 'choose to do something unpleasant but necessary, or avoid the work', and in those cases i just do the unpleasant thing if i have the willpower, which i usually do.
how do you think
when i type, the words exist only after i write them. it's like when you taste an apple, you don't think 'sweet', it just is; then when someone asks you how it tastes, the word 'sweet' suddenly exists in your mouth.
logic
in my mind, there are beliefs and ideas that exist as a library. when asked a question, the answer is already there. whether it's the right or wrong answer, i don't know, but it's already formed when i find it, because questions are formulas, and it takes no time to apply concepts i already possess as the factors in that formula. sometimes there are multiple possible answers. they are always apparent.
how do you develop a sense of fashion? i have tried asking /fa/ but they're not very helpful.
am i retarded?
why is the axis-based function type mostly question marks?
thats not mbti; thats 16p. you. utter. faggot.
that said:
infj
what are your greatest strengths?
im not sure. i value my humility and temperance the most but i dont think i practice either as well as i could.
what are your greatest flaws?
my pride. my sloth. my utterness. my alooffete. all on nice desplaye.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
"dont"
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
i want to ride the BAM with someone i love. i want to have a great american road trip. i want to camp alone for a year. i want to not be lonely. i want to make good art. i want my mornings golden, my days subtle, my twilights warm, my nights clear, my fire bright, my drinks cold, my food full, and my friends close. oh, and my car badass.
im glad your back centy. 
i think some people get something from travel and other dont. photos dont do much for me but seeing things in the flesh really does. and i like taking my own photos. what type are you? this seems like the kinda that would be affected by type. maybe an si vs se thing?
today i went for a walk and stared at a dandy lion for 5 minutes. i ran my hand along the stem and gently over the fluff and it fell apart. i held the seeds in my hand and felt the way they tickle my palm; watched the way they shivered in the breeze like children; they where children; their long shadows short all stacked up and over each other. almost fractal. almost eternal. then my hand turned and they blew away. 
yeah thats a good way of putting it. it is a lizard brain thing for sure.
i think people are less like drones and more like sunflowers. they are alive and have freewill, but are easily controlled by their environment and are mostly unaware. fascinatingly good at a few things and occasionally sharp while still being so, so, fucking dumb.
your type
Isfp
what are your greatest strengths?
I'm gaming and cooming
I wish I could name an actual strength but I can't really
what are your greatest flaws?
I am lazy as fuck
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
The idea of creating any form of art sounds real nice and like an amazing goal but my skills aren't there to show much for it
Isfp shooter fantasies are common enough to happen daily for me
I don't smoke weed and it sounds dangerous to
If I got a degree it would not be fine arts
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Chase that dream and make it happen regardless of how impossible it seems, don't spend your life consooming and browsing like a retard to cope cause dying with that regret of having zero actual archievements sucks
Along with that, you should look up to someone who has actually achieved things and is more wise
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I wanna have sex, a relationship and be completely self-sufficient. And sometimes, I also want to just hopefully eventually create something that millions will see and appreciate
you should look up to someone who has actually achieved things and is more wise
Well either that or don't at all and focus more on yourself I guess.
How common is the strong Te for intp? Apparently thinking about systems on a global scale isn't Ti trait.
My completely honest answers
Perhaps segmentation does not make sense where neither half offers answers.
your type
INFJ-A
what are your greatest strengths?
Probably flexibility. 
what are your greatest flaws?
Indecision in the face of too much potential.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
No clue.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Following can only get you so far in life.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Wholeness.
Thanks, anon. It was on the 18th.
i don't have an inner voice.
it's difficult for me to convert my thoughts into language to begin with.
Gah, this is too relatable. 
So then, what do your thoughts appear to you as inside of your own mind? The way you're describing it makes it sound like the "words that appear in your mind" are a reflex, and that they appear as a response to some other internal stimulus. 
Yes, and because you pressed "yes" to too many questions, and "no" on too few questions. So as a result, your function results are complete nonsense and basically untypeable, because according to your results, you have 6 dominant functions. You lied for a lot of answers.
A prime example of why self report tests are horrible.
"Lied" is a loaded word. Some questions are just confusing and difficult to answer for people, especially if they haven't introspected much. Lying is saying something that you know is false, test results like anon's are more the result of attempting to give honest answers but being uncertain about what those answers are.
your type
INFP
what are your greatest strengths?
being somewhat good at art, being sensitive
what are your greatest flaws?
having too much of an ego, and being sensitive
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
i cry very easily, but when i'm not feeling sad, i'm quite monotone. don't really care for cutesy things either.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
disregard others' opinions of you, the good and bad ones.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
buying a modest house in the woods and living there with a bunch of animals. but apart from that, i don't have any big goals in life.
what do your thoughts appear to you as
there are never words in my mind unless i'm reading other people's writing. my thoughts are unspoken. otherwise things are processed silently in my mind. i never have to wait for my mind to do something when i'm alone, so i assume it's always resolved instantly every time.
this is too relatable
i imagine in an intuitive way; you happen upon things and can't explain how you got to that conclusion. i'm a sensor. things are already there because the only things i'm concerned with are naturally apparent to me; self evidential concepts. i don't explore undefined ideas without outside input, which is part of why i rely on this thread. i see the value in being inquisitive but i'd been discouraged from that behavior for much of my life and have no natural instinct to act like that. /mbti/ is a crutch i use to enable my own mind.
Just because you believe your own lie, doesn't make it any less of a lie. In fact that makes it even more of a lie, because you're lying to and deceiving yourself. 
Anon is clearly lying to himself about who he is, and those lies are being originated in his "belief system" about who he is. He believes he is something he is not. He's answering the questions based on "who he wishes he was", rather than who he actually is.
If I said to you "I am a fireman", and I wholeheartedly believed that, even though I have zero qualification, would it be a lie? Yes.
Believing a lie doesn't magically turn it into "not a lie".
He's also an undifferentiated feeler, who lacks perception functions.
It's not super common. But, technically speaking, you wouldn't be an INTP. You'd be an undifferentiated thinking type, who likely had very weak usage of auxiliary functions, and thus picked up the slack with thinking.
REJECT MEYERS BRIGGS
RETVRN TO JVNG
Just because you believe your own lie, doesn't make it any less of a lie.
Only if you have some awareness that it's false, or if you had that awareness earlier on before you started believing it yourself. If I tell a foreigner who doesn't know anything about American history that Thomas Jefferson was the first president, and they pass that tidbit on to their friends because they wholeheartedly believe me, that wouldn't be a lie because they think they're passing down the truth. Lying is all about intent.
how do you develop a sense of fashion? i have tried asking /fa/ but they're not very helpful.
There is a lot of ways to approach fashion, and a lot of things to take in mind before you choose a style, but the most important thing is that you're comfortable with yourself. With that said, here's my advice:
You could say fashion is only one part of your personal image. Self-care is important because you can wear designer clothes but if you stink, have greasy skin, or have messy hair, it'll do little to make your look good. Take care of yourself first, set up a skincare routine, care for your hair, and make sure to smell good.
The skin part may be tricky because it's difficult to find products that work for everyone, and it's a process to find out exactly what will work for you, but there are a lot of skincare gurus available on youtube and a lot of articles to help you have a general idea of what you should be going for (this Hawaiian twink offers very good advice https://youtu.be/wTXmkn6B7dI). [Embed] But the routine is usually simple: cleanser, hydrating lotion, sunscreen, and exfoliating once a week. Of course, if you have any particular skin condition that may require extra steps, I'd highly recommend consulting a dermatologist before doing anything.
It's not difficult to pick a good-smelling fragrance, it really depends on your personal preference. You don't have to get some super expensive perfume either, a splash will be enough for daily use. I personally prefer sweet floral fragrances, but there are a lot of options available out there. You can save perfumes for a special occasion, like a party or a night going out. No need to make your wallet bleed for this.
About the hair, once again, it depends on your hair type. But just like skin, you want to keep it hydrated to make it smooth and shiny. Feel free to use any shampoo, but make sure your conditioner is hydrating, and if you feel like splurging, a hair mask may help as well. (1/2)
(I forgot to mention, if you have dyed hair, you may need to consult what kind of care it needs. I've never dyed my hair so I have no idea about that, sorry.)
When it comes to picking clothes, you want to make sure to keep 3 things in mind: your body type, color palette, and style. I'm not going to talk about makeup because I'm not a huge fan of it, I rarely wear makeup and I'm too lazy for it anyways. There are a lot of makeup tutorials on youtube if you're interested in learning from someone who does know what they're doing. Same with nails, I'm a disaster at painting my own nails, so I don't know about that either.
The first thing is your body type. Some clothing designs may accentuate your features, and depending on your proportions, it may be good or bad. For example, if you have wide shoulders, a V-neck will only accentuate them, or if you have a big chest, wearing frills over it will make it look bigger in relation to your hips and legs. I'd say that it's a trial-and-error kind of thing, and there are a lot of articles online about body types and what kind of design suits each of them. It's best if you take some time to go to your clothing shop of preference and try out what they have. Everyone has worn something terrible at some point, so don't be afraid to mess up.
Color palette is also very important, as depending on your skin tone, some colors may suit you well and some will not. For cool skin tones, cool shades go better, such as blue, violet, cyan, purple, etc. Warmer skin tones go better with colors like red, orange, yellow, olive, etc. This applies to both clothing and makeup. You can look up a skin tone chart and check which one is the most similar to yours.
There are many clothing styles you can choose from, but the most important thing is that you feel comfortable in them. You can look up pictures for reference, there are many websites dedicated to clothes and outfits that may help you.
there are never words in my mind
But what is in your mind? What do your thought appear to you as? Or is it almost always some sort of "lightbulb moment", where ideas just illuminate themselves to you with little to no precursor? The way you're describing yourself sounds like an intuitive type for sure.
Or maybe it's more clear if I rephrase it, how do you explore concepts and ideas inside your mind? The way you describe yourself makes me think it's kind of hard to answer a question like this, it's like asking "how do you move your hands?"
you happen upon things
Yes, but how do you happen upon those things? How do you direct your consciousness into the exploration of ideas? To happen upon something is to be moving, right? You wouldn't be able to happen upon something if you were ideologically stationary. So how is it that you move your consciousness between two ideas?
It's like being on a beach scanning for lost treasure with a metal detector. You can't happen upon anything without walking around the beach. Walking around would be like "talking in your head" it's how most people would have some movement inside their mind. 
I'm trying to make the concept more concrete and understand, but I cannot manage to do it. Everyone has a "map" inside their mind, most people use "internal words" to move along that map and get from point A to point B. Somewhere between point A and B is where you would "happen across" something. What is it that you've replaced "internal words" with in order to generate movement across your mental map?
A 2nd hand lie is still a lie. While the foreigner didn't curate the lie, they still told a lie if they passed it on. A lie doesn't stop being a lie just because someone believes it to be true. You lied to the foreigner, then the foreigner lied when they passed the information. Buying a lie is equal to lying yourself.
If you steal $100 from anon, and give it to me, I did not steal that money, but the money is still stolen.
is this true? are INTJs the most hated type?
If you steal $100 from anon, and give it to me, I did not steal that money, but the money is still stolen.
That is true, but ignorance does prevent you from being a thief (unless you know the money is stolen, in which case you're also culpable).
wait until this dude learns about INxPs
The same premise applies to lies. The foreigner didn't curate the lie (aka thief), but they passed it off as true and thus they lied. 
The properties of lies are transitive, same with stolen property. If you give me a lie and I buy it as true, I own a lie. It doesn't stop being a lie just because I believe it to be true. If I propagate that lie, I have also lied. There's even an argument to be made that I wouldn't accept a lie if I weren't a liar myself.
Just like if I accept stolen property from you, whether or not I know it's stolen, if I then sell that property to a 3rd party I've stolen from that 3rd party.
Ones own personal beliefs are fairly irrelevant to the objective truth at hand, a lie is a lie, regardless if you believe it or not. Stolen property is still stolen, regardless of it you know it or not. Propping up a falsehood as true, regardless of your beliefs, is the equivalent of lying (or stealing) yourself.
*steals $100 from Centaur and gives it to INFJ-A as a belated birthday present*
how can i force myself to use Se as an INTP i am sick of this. to sense the moment i need to be slapped can an ENTJ just follow me around and slap me when i need to activate my brain
can an ENTJ just follow me around and slap me when i need to activate my brain
Every INxP's dream.
Awh, thanks, anon. But, I'm going to have to use this $100 to buy Centy a hooker so he can finally get some pussy.
I see you.
You're back home? I'm glad you made it back safe, at least. Too bad the trip was underwhelming, but I guess it's not like you weren't expecting it to be on some level... Regardless, it's impressive that you made such a complicated journey all on your own. I would be really hesitant to do something like this considering how easily I get lost and confused.
Right, I wasn't trying to be particularly anonymous. Interesting talk, though. Your opinions can be fun to read so long as they don't step on my Fi, even if I disagree more often than not. 
I kind of wonder though if your idiosyncratic viewpoints on blame and responsibility and the appropriation of it is the result of your upbringing. It's possible that you simply believe what you believe and that's that, no neuroses or anything like that involved. But I know you were raised by a narcissistic family, and >>73033584 shows some strange takes on the distribution of responsibility and of personal fault. Makes me wonder if your family didn't give you some twisted viewpoints on boundaries, or blamed you for things you didn't deserve blame for as a kid. It's not a conversation I want to have with you myself, but it would be interesting to see how a therapist might respond if you tell them what you said in that post right there (you said you've gone to some in the past - I don't know if you still do - and I assume you respect their opinions if you went on any kind of recurrent basis).
I love INTJ's as an ENFP, but I haven't met many. They're very authentic to me and I appreciate their brutal honesty while some may be repulsed by it.
your type
INFJ
what are your greatest strengths?
I'm schizoid 
what are your greatest flaws?
I'm schizoid 
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I'm very good doing the "door slam" (i cut people off my life as soon they mess up with me)
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
People in general are retards, don't stress if they don't accept your ideas, in fact don't stress about anything that isn't worth your time.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Nothing really
Your opinions
A lot of the time they're not "my opinions". It's just the way the world works. This is the problem I always run into with Fi types, they're oblivious to the objective side of the argument. Just like it's not my opinion that a square has four corners, those are the objective qualities of a square. it's not my opinion that the properties of lies are transitive, or even the stuff I say about responsibility. Those are just objective moral truths that exist outside of my opinion on them.
 shows some strange takes
I would argue that your takes are the strange ones. Now that's my opinion.
Makes me wonder if your family 
If anything, I am this way in spite of them. They're the types to habitually refuse responsibility. But, I can tell you where it came from it's mostly from adult life, from observing the world, its inhabitants, and their actions. 
You have a weird, strict belief against the transference of responsibility and minimizing ones own responsibility way too much, to the point where people aren't responsible for their own actions, treating everyone like inept children who need to be coddled constantly. Which I find morally corrupt. 
I would wonder if you've actually done a projection and the reason you hold that belief is because of your own family blaming you for things you weren't responsible for, so now you have some disdain for objectively measured responsibility.
Thanks for escalating, I suppose, when I was trying to be civil and polite and avoid that. There's a big difference between attempting to coddle people and remove the concept of personal responsibility, and simply not blaming people for things that no sane human being who possesses common sense and basic reasoning skills would ever blame someone for. But you prove time and time and time again that you are not a sane or rational human being, so might as well go ahead and end this conversation since there's few things in the world I would rather do than have a prolonged interaction with you.
Urrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh arrrrrrrrahhhhhhhmmmmmm
nah
I guess the passive aggressive behavior is just so engrained in you that you don't even realize what you're doing. But it's okay, and you're not responsible or at fault, because you didn't intend to do it. You're perfect the way you are! Just keep looking to blame some outside force for everything that happens, it's never you! You're an innocent baby! 
It alllll makes sense. But I won't say it.
thank you for the large posts. 
i think i am healthy overall. i won't need skin routines, i don't really have messy skin or anything. i wash my face in the morning and before bed and i use aloe on all of my skin after i shower, however that hawaiian twink definitely does not seem hawaiian kek
i don't think i will probably ever use a fragrance. all of my soaps smell like oranges though and i am in the ocean alot so i smell like salt and oranges. i think that's fine.
i'm pretty okay with hygiene and hair care and all of that. clothing is the part that i am really terrible about.
i have never dyed my hair and i am incompetent at makeup so there's no worry about that
is there an easy way to figure out what my body type is? feels very mbti kek
more importantly, after i figure that out, how do i know what clothes are for what type? i doubt they're labeled.
what am i to do if my clothing shop of preference has historically been a military surplus warehouse? if i want to adapt a better fashion sense i will need to shop at real places. i don't know any by memory.
There are many clothing styles you can choose from
this is the problem. there are too many and i don't have taste at all. i doubt you can fix that though, especially since i failed step one, 'the most important thing', kek
thanks again for the effortpost. i never get to speak with women.
I'm responsible for plenty of things, hold myself to high standards, am very critical of myself, and try to be the best that I can. All that aside, might I ask why the recent change in temperament? You seem really touchy and irritable these days. You used to be more superficially polite during arguments, now you get pissy a lot more readily. What kind of bug crawled up your ass since the beginning of the new year?
what is in your mind
i don't need to think about most things. i look at my hands and i understand them without needing to think. this is how it is for all things, with the exception of the hyper intricate bullshit we discuss in this thread usually. my stomach is hungry, i understand it. i don't think 'i am hungry i should make lunch', i'm just already going to make lunch. if i hear a sound i don't recognize, i don't think about it, i listen until i know. i hope that somehow helps illustrate.
how do you explore concepts and ideas in your mind
outside of these threads, i rarely do. that's why /mbti/ is important to me. my life is very simple and quiet when i'm not forcing myself to try to socialize. when these conversations happen, my posts emerge directly from my fingers. none of this is ever premeditated. when i began posting here it was exciting because it was almost like finding a second voice i was unaware of.
its like asking how you move your hands
exactly
how do you move your consciousness between two ideas
external factors. i do not ponder like a philosopher. my ideas are universally born as solutions to problems. this is why i am not an artist.
It's like being on a beach scanning with a metal detector. You can't happen upon anything without walking around the beach. Walking around would be like "talking in your head" it's how most people would have some movement inside their mind.
i do not move in my mind. i move in real life, and real things cause me to need to mentally create a response to new things.
i have tried to explain this before: when there is nothing to do, i am completely capable of standing completely still, doing absolutely nothing, without ever becoming restless or ever having a mental conversation. i had to intentionally decide to stop that because for some time before i ever posted here, i would sit in place in my room for days and not ever do anything but eat and wash and sleep. it does make me very sad though.
what are your greatest strengths?
Mmmm... determination? When I set myself to accomplish something, I never stop, even if it takes years. I'm also very optimistic, and I try things out even if I'm not sure if it'll work out.
what are your greatest flaws?
I'm kind of insecure about dropping out of med school and I'm bad at handling my finances.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I honestly don't know. ENFJ are often portrayed as narcissistic manipulators, but I don't enjoy being worshipped or people clinging to me. Maybe being pushy or overbearing sometimes? Or having a short temper?
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
You can rest, you can whine, but you can't quit.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I want to have a forever home, a nice place that's not too far from the city, but far enough to be tranquil and near nature. Be successful in my career. Travel around the world and meet new people.
 is there an easy way to figure out what my body type is? feels very mbti kek
It's easy, just take a measuring tape and compare your results with the chart. Check this article https://www.whowhatwear.com/how-to-find-body-shape-calculator/slide5
 more importantly, after i figure that out, how do i know what clothes are for what type? i doubt they're labeled.
Once you have your body type figured out, you can google what kind of designs look for you! It's less about the piece of clothing and more about what is the design for that piece of clothing.
 if i want to adapt a better fashion sense i will need to shop at real places. i don't know any by memory.
You can visit a nearby mall and check the clothing shops, or just walk around town and check what's available.
 this is the problem. there are too many and i don't have taste at all.
What are your priorities when it comes to clothing? Do you want to impress? Be comfortable? What colors do you like?
So in other words, you're Dom Ni.
you can engage with the discussion after you learn what paragraphs are anon. i think they'll cover that before sixth grade, so just be a little patient and you'll be there in no time!
I also wanted to add, if there's a celebrity that shares your body type, you can also use them as reference. There's usually some rules that each body type has to follow, so you'll notice a pattern in the style they wear. That way you'll know what to avoid.
If you want to explore styles, websites like pinterest or lookbook have plenty of people showcasing different fashion trends. Twitter and tiktok also have their own fashion communities, but I avoid Twitter like the plague and I only check tiktok for recipes.
Dw I read your post, it just sounds like you're a dominant Ni user after reading all of that.
i have tertiary Ni, but what i'm describing is definitely not Ni. 
Ni is very much fixated on metaphors, symbols, ideas. what i am describing is nearly the opposite. you've simplified your understanding of functions to the point that their traits are interchangeable; you need to read more and internalize the nuances.
I don't believe your superficially "high standards" are very high at all. Quite the opposite. You can't even accept responsibility for telling a lie that you didn't create. If you spread a lie, you also lied. But no, you need to maintain your complete and total innocence or else your entire worldview crumbles to pieces, because everything is hinged on that one idea. Hey, I even made a nice little picture of how I see it for you. I can understand why you wouldn't want to discard the idea, it's what kept you alive. I doubt you'll even understand my point here, oh well though.
might I ask why the recent change in temperament?
It hasn't really changed, I just cut out a few steps in certain contexts. I was playing nice with you until you sprinkled in a hint of passive aggressiveness. But like I said, you don't even realize it because it's just so natural for you to behave that way all the time. It's the metaphorical lie you heard from someone else that you believe to be true, so you have no responsibility for the lies you speak. And that's where you and I differ, where you heard that lie, you embraced it and used it at warmth to stay alive.
But, to actually answer your question, I was never superficially polite I was just being nice; and I've said it a bunch, whatever energy people give me I give back to them. A tiny change in your attitude results in my mirror reflecting that change in its entirety.
Hm, that's not quite true. Logically speaking, do I think the guy who unknowingly accepts and uses stolen money, or a stolen item, would be a thief or guilty of any moral wrongdoing? No. Do I think it would reflect poorly on them if they learned of the money's stolen origins after the fact, and they didn't feel upset or guilty? Yeah. Would I feel guilty in that kind of situation? Of course. I might not view myself as a thief or as themost responsible part, but I would still feel guilty as someone who contributed, unknowingly or not, to something bad. If I learned of the person who that stolen item or money belonged to after I'd already given it to someone else, I'd give them a new copy of that item or pay back the money, I wouldn't care about my innocence or ignorance, just reversing the damage. I'm actually really weird about the whole concept of taking things that belongs to others - in 3rd grade I submitted something to the Lost and Found, and they told me after a while that I could have it since nobody claimed it, but I refused that because I didn't like the idea of "taking" something, thinking that one day past the 30 day limit the person might try to get it back. 
and I've said it a bunch, whatever energy people give me I give back to them. A tiny change in your attitude
The change in energy and attitude you thought you detected in >>73033803 did not exist. I was not insulting you and I was not being passive-aggressive. Your head's pretty screwed up - some of the viewpoints you hold simply could not be formed by a mind that hasn't sustained damage - but sometimes I do detect a kind of decency under the surface and get the impression that your family just really scrambled your brain back in the 90s. That might sound insulting, and maybe it's an inherently insulting train of thought, but I am not trying to be passive-aggressive or insult you. It would be nice if someone like a therapist was able to help you orient yourself better.
both of you bring personal accusations into conceptual discussions, and both of you are willing to assert your perception of the other person over what they say about themselves. you're both going to be annoyed because the behavior is annoying in an objective sense. you're setting yourselves up for conflict and it's pretty retarded. 
when you use the same tactics, it's the same as arguing with a mirror, and when you use these specific tactics, the original point of the discussion is lost because it becomes a slap fight. there's nothing intellectual about a slap fight.
this was meant to (You) both
and both of you are willing to assert your perception of the other person over what they say about themselves
Has that happened in that conversation? I hope not - unless I'm "triggered" I do prefer to give people a voice and acknowledge their viewpoints, not be a kangaroo court judge that says "you're wrong" to everything. People understand themselves better than anyone else does, and INFJ-A has the right to define himself just like all people do; I don't mean to attempt to deny that to him or to anyone.
*In this conversation
nigga if you can't identify the explicit assertions you made about him then you're completely lacking awareness of your own communication
they're so obvious a child could point to them without having context of the conversation
i got pulled into a lot of internet searching for terms and calculators about body shapes. shapes make sense to me but i wish they didn't name it all after fruits. it would make more sense to give percentage integers and design clothes based off of that.
thank you again for your help
where do you shop most often?
what are your priorities when it comes to clothing
well as it stands now i am worried i actually look homeless to people, because i am wearing military surplus clothing that fits me poorly, or work jumpsuits, and salons freak me out because i have to put up with the double threat of 'women talking at me constantly while i'm incapable of making conversation' and 'sharp scissors near my neck (where i keep my blood)'. so i cut my hair myself, which probably looks terrible. i also think i have a bad resting face. so i look probably terrible to strangers i am trying to approach socially.
i want to look reasonably normal, and also preferably not like a lesbian, but i am also averse to looking overly attractive for practical and psychological reasons. i want to look like a regular person who lives in the world. i thought that would be easy but then i tried to buy shorts and all of them were smaller than i'm used to and felt like underwear. shit's gay. i think part of the problem is that i've been wearing pseudo-unisex clothing for a few years, which is really just male clothing sized for women sometimes. so shorts at my knees got normal, loose tee shirt sleeves got normal, and now everything else feels weird and sizes too small, even if its meant to fit like that.
i don't know any celebrities. i use pinterest already actually, but that's mostly been for the pictures i post.
i hope that somehow helps illustrate.
It does, very much so. I assumed you had some sort of internal "aiming mechanism", for lack of a better term, to guide your thoughts to where ever you wanted them to go. But it appears that isn't necessary, and your thoughts just go where they're supposed to go.
it was almost like finding a second voice i was unaware of.
Oh neat, do you think these threads have helped you gain more of a connection with your intuitive side? Because that's what it seems like.
external factors.
Well how do you explore the external factors then? Is it purely just exploration through the senses and what you can directly perceive? 
i do not move in my mind.
That's quite the alien concept to me. What is that like? Is it just blank quietness?
I made some assertions but I don't think I came across overbearing enough to give the impression that I wouldn't accept any pushback. I have my thoughts but I'm not closed-off to changing my mind.
imagine thinking as a stream of water. pour water onto the ground, and it will become a puddle and be motionless. people build pipes to direct the water to where they want it. now imagine you were never given the tools to build pipes. if you draw a line in the dirt, the water will follow it, just a trickle. over a long time it erodes, and becomes a full stream. no transferral technology required, the stream flows on its own.
have threads given connection to intuition
it's complicated. a long time ago i was bent out of shape and not acting in alignment with my type due to circumstance. i was obsessed with matching a category, or something with borders. a symbolic identity. it was something that consumed me entirely to the point that i would spend days researching hobbies i didn't have so i could match an image i felt i had to live up to. i'll actually confess something here for the first time; i didn't know how to skateboard when i first posted here. prince brought it up and i felt an immense internal pressure to live up to the expectation, to such a degree that i bought a skateboard and taught myself how to skate in pursuit of matching that image. in my mind, i had no choice. i was so fixated on it that i accelerated into doing high level tricks as to make the claim no longer deceitful (because i despise lying, even though i put myself in that position) until i hurt myself pretty badly. now i actually do skate, kek, but more casually. i think that mental obsession was very much so intuition. it was also Fe. both of them were creating a behavior that i didn't like, and were holdovers from a past i wanted to leave behind, so i tried to cut them off entirely (even though i didn't recognize them as functions at the time.) that's why i evolved from more hyperactive into being more muted and reserved. i stopped trying to put on a performance. more recently i've been exploring my Ni and trying to integrate it slowly and gently back into how i process things.
your type
INFP
what are your greatest strengths?
I won't give up even when I get depressed.
what are your greatest flaws?
I don't ask for help and regularly give into anxiety and depression.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
No clue what stereotypes are. I'm pretty moderate on everything except I. I work as a software dev, but play and record music in my free time. I've been studying a niche ecology/biology field lately.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Stop looking up to me. Ask yourself what matters to you, keep a journal you update daily, and allocate time daily to the things that matter to you.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Write more music, contribute something to the aforementioned field, go outside more. Create things more.
in relation to that big paragraph, when i felt that pressure to live up to an expectation, there was no thought or consideration there either. i Just sudden felt absolutely certain about what i had to do. i know exactly why that was how i responded, and it has nothing to do with mbti, but it does hitch a ride on intuition and feeling.
how do you explore external factors
like what? the sun is hot. wind is cool. people give body language and i respond accordingly. what things do you encounter that require additional processing?
what is it like? blank quietness?
imagine you're walking around. that's your mind. now imagine you're sitting down. that's my mind. if something calls me, i'll go to it, but usually i'm just sitting. mentally. physically i'm usually standing or walking or swimming.
No.
And that's where you're wrong. They have committed a moral wrongdoing. By accepting stolen goods, they have bought a lie (these aren't stolen). It's morally wrong to buy a lie. Allowing yourself to be deceived is morally wrong. The people who buy lies are themselves liars, and people who buy stolen goods are themselves thieves. 
I'd give them a new copy of that item or pay back the money
Do you not realize, you've accepted responsibility for being thief by doing this? This is the only acceptable solution, as well. When you steal something, the only acceptable way to right that is to give the person back their item or equal value. Which is what you're doing. I really don't understand what your problem is with my perspective, if you agree with it on such a fundamental level. It's probably just a semantics thing, as usual.
because I didn't like the idea of "taking"
Awh, that's cute. I stole a few things in grade school... I can remember the first thing I stole, a purple, glittery see through ruler. Exhilarating. 
did not exist. 
I assure you, it did and does exist.
I was not insulting you
I didn't think you were, I wasn't insulted and I wasn't insulting you. But there was enough of a change in your attitude and in your behavior for me to pick up on it and be able to act it out. It's like a micro-posture, it's like the flinch in your shoulder before you're about to throw a punch. Maybe you're in that posture because you're defensive and afraid I'm going to swing, maybe it's because you're aggressive and looking for an opportunity, I don't know. All I know is your posture changed to an aggressive stance and I'm in your line of sight.
Maybe you're in that posture because you're defensive and afraid I'm going to swing, maybe it's because you're aggressive and looking for an opportunity, I don't know.
The former, maybe - I knew that I was treading on sensitive ground. The latter, no. I repeat that the 'aggressive' energy you returned did not exist. Some kind of nervous or anxious or guarded energy might have existed, but aggressive or hostile energy absolutely did not.
They're very authentic to me and I appreciate their brutal honesty
I appreciate xNFP girls for being sweet and kind
I would rather not bring personal accusations into it, but once someone else does it there is no other response. It's like fighting words, and a lot of people don't realize the weight of their words, and how they influence other people's actions.
imagine thinking as a stream of water
Oddly enough, I know exactly what you mean. Are you sure you're not an intuitive type? That is a very intuitive way of explaining it. It's so incredibly uncommon to come across sensors who speak like that. Kind of a breath of fresh air.
in pursuit of matching that image
Hm, so you felt like a poser if you weren't matching up to the image 1:1 in your own head? Like if you're anything less than that image, somehow you're actually lying, pretending, or something like that? That's quite a rough point of view of yourself. I'm glad you've been able to begin to move past that mode of behavior, that can't be a good way to live.
it was also Fe
I follow you with the intuition side, but why do you think it was also Fe? 
like what? the sun is hot.
Oh, fair enough. 
now imagine you're sitting down. that's my mind. if something calls me, i'll go to it, but usually i'm just sitting.
Now that I totally understand, that's typically how I am in my own mind as well. Sitting on the ground staring up at the night sky of my own mind, until some star off in the distance calls me to observe its light waves and patterns. And off I go in an instant.
Well, sorry. I genuinely wasn't trying to start fight or anything. I promise you though, that energy did exist. It may have been less and it may have been unintentional, but it was there.
It's alright, and I did have some good intentions even if my delivery was clumsy. The most basic core point is that you just seem troubled in various ways and it would be nice to see you eventually become less so. Some of the signs might be my own imagination, though a few are more inarguable, like you saying that you have trouble sleeping much (which sounds miserable and would make me an unstable wreck since I need my sleep) which is presumably due to hyperarousal symptoms, though I guess maybe it's just simple insomnia, it was months ago and I forget the details.
s*phie fighting again
i hope he gets eaten by a cow lol
I do have a bunch of issues, but a large chunk of them are basically unsolvable outside of taking medication, which I've no interest in. I've got a whole bunch of sleep problems and I can typically tell when I'm headed for the deep end because my sleeping habits get totally fucked up. Like it is right now, since I'm up at 2:30AM.
These problems have existed my whole life, there's no real solution to them other than just deal with it. There's no cure for hyperarousal. When I go into public, I'll always check everyone faces and hands constantly and I'll always have nights where I'm up for 8 hours because my brain refuses to turn off. I've tried a bunch of practical solutions from therapy, nothing works for longer than a few weeks. The best I can do is learn how to function on 3 hours of sleep across 48 hours and hope for the best.
INTJs and INFJs have the biggest victim complex of all types even though they are basically normalfags
Which mental illness is INTP
I got that one what does it mean
Autism or schizoid personality disorder.
It's funny how you start typing people based off the four letters, discover Jungian functions and type people that way for a while and then, if you're not retarded, figure out that Keirsey was right all along and that the only reliable way to type people is based off behavioral observation.
The "functions" are massive red herring and responsible for 99% of mistypings. Just stick to the dichotomies and you will instantly get much, much better at accurately typing people, both in your life and in the world at large.
You are a terrible person who refuses any sort of accountability for your actions.
Every justification you give goes along the lines of "I had good intentions, so I am absolved of negative consequences to others." Pure moral cope.
It's like you are a piece of shit on the ground, because your self-serving excuses is a disease to everyone around you.
See, this is what I mean. "Kanye is an INTJ" is the sort of retarded opinion you can only arrive at by trying to use vague, undefinable "function" analysis. If you just stick strictly to observable behavior, everyone would agree he is an ESFP. He is extremely expressive and outgoing, highly concrete in his thought and speech, sentimental at the expense of logic and reason, and disorganized and spontaneous.
You are a terrible person who refuses any sort of accountability for your actions.
Every justification you give goes along the lines of "I had good intentions, so I am absolved of negative consequences to others." Pure moral cope.
It's like you are a piece of shit on the ground, because your self-serving excuses is a disease to everyone around you.
lolwut. Is this bait?
Do you have an NPD diagnosis, or some similar personality disorder? Have you been professionally evaluated?
No, but go ahead and explain why you think I'm NPD since I'm curious.
No, but go ahead and explain why you think I'm NPD since I'm curious.
I'm sure you are.
explain why
I'm sure you are.
I like this guy. He makes me laugh.
Yeah, it was a pretty good burn.
kanye is an ENFP. i can see how someone could arrive at typing him as INTJ while approaching it from function use, even if it's not correct. intuition at the top and sensing at the bottom, Te/Fi in the middle. that comment is from the comment section of an OPS video where they're talking about INTJs and if you're familiar with them you know they use their own bizarro world system.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaX04PMaXOE [Embed]
kanye is an ENFP
"Scatterbrained" is not the same thing as being intuitive. Yes he makes a lot of wild associations, but those associations all involve real, tangible, mostly superficial things. Even when he's talking about abstract topics (e.g., his sudden support for Nazism) he justifies it using highly concrete, tangible examples such as "Hitler invented microphones and highways" or "I had a greedy, backstabbing Jewish doctor."
was an INTJ in hs, became the ESTP in college, by the end of it all today i'm that mediator type
your type
INTJ
what are your greatest strengths?
shitposting, arguing 
what are your greatest flaws?
my brain doesn't turn off, incredibly insecure, doubt myself and my abilities
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I'm a shut in and don't like people
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
don't look up to me
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
idk. write a book maybe, buy property, build a cabin with my own hands, bathe under a waterfall. generally I'd say something like "I want a wife and kids" but if I'm being honest with myself I know that'll never happen.
holy shit... i always knew sophie was a psychopathic narcissist
what do you think Ne associations are then? just literal gibberish? Ne types are going to pull from what they've observed and seen - that sort of conspiratorial thinking is born of a seed derived of a pattern they're witnessing. the jewish doctor quote leading to support of hitler is a good example of precisely that. alex jones is another ENFP in the same vein. normally the Ni doms are labeled as schizos but i think ENFPs are underrated as a schizo type.
noooo he's a good heckin' person because he's nice to people 10 percent of the time!!!!!!
Is everything you can't understand bait to you?
Ne is highly concrete.
your type
ISTP
what are your greatest strengths?
My talents, creativity, pragmatism, 
what are your greatest flaws?
Laziness and asocial behavior 
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I think the aspect of being the silent calculating and reserved type is true. Tho I don't have any knack for machinery
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Don't follow your own path do what suits you best
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Contentment
As a question to any of those who read this, what's some of the coolest characters and people who are labeled your personality type
Mine are
Stanley Kubrick 
Clint Eastwood
GUTS from berserk
Theyre all labeled as Istps I don't know how accurate that is though.
This post highlights the issue with associating "intuition" with "abstract". Just because something concretely explained, does not exclude it from being derived from intuition.
Alex Jones is also an ESFP. If we must discuss functions, "conspiratorial" thinking based on small, real world occurrences is textbook inferior Ni. Read Jung's description of a neurotic Se-dominant, it's almost scary how accurately it describes Jones and Kanye.
what do you think Ne associations are then? just literal gibberish?
Not gibberish (Ni associations can appear that way, though) but also not concrete either. An Ne dominant is someone like Buckminster Fuller using the word "dymaxion" to combine three existing words which he thinks encapsulates his inventions. Very, very abstract and conceptual. Another classic example would da Vinci creating a schematic for a military tank 400 years before the idea could even possibly be implemented. Ne is "out there" in a major way and, like Ni doms, Ne doms are mostly doomed to be incoherently ahead of their time.
No, but it just seemed suspiciously over-the-top, especially since I don't think I posted anything all that bad during this conversation. I won't say I've never said or done anything that might come across as NPD, but it's odd timing to bring it up since I don't think I did any particularly bad or shitty tonight.
It depends on what you mean by concrete. Jung used concrete to mean anything extraverted, which is a mistake in my view, as you can have an idea that's both highly conceptual and still oriented toward the outside world. Many inventions and works of art fall into that category.
Feels good to be Istp
Does anyone else enjoy these charts
Aladdin
ENFJ instead of INFJ
He's ENTP, retards.
Madoka
INFP
Nope.
Homura is the actual INFP of that show
There is absolutely no humanly way he prefers thinking to feeling. He is one of the most profoundly illogical people I've ever seen, to the point that I briefly considered he might be a feeling-dominant.
Concrete is the opposite of abstract, and abstract means "to be taken as a part from the whole". So concrete would mean "something that exists in wholeness, ready to be abstracted from"
Or to put it into concrete words, "anything that is real and observable." Or even more simple, "objects".
as you can have an idea that's both highly conceptual and still oriented toward the outside world.
That's just a concrete idea. Just because something is conceptual, does not mean it's abstract.
A concept is not real or observable. How is a "concrete idea" NOT an oxymoron? You can't interact with an idea in any literal way.
It's not an accusation of NPD.
If anything, the basis of your personal beliefs are flimsy. On what basis do you believe things to be true? If you are surprised by how things turn out often, it means you need to think harder on your answers.
Enneagram might be the most retarded system ever.
If anything, the basis of your personal beliefs are flimsy.
What do you mean
On what basis do you believe things to be true?
It's 4:00 AM, not answering that now, but I have reasons to believe everything I do
If you are surprised by how things turn out often
No more often than anyone else
An idea that is oriented towards an object is observable through that object, and thus the idea itself is also concrete. 
"car" is a concept, a concrete concept. You cannot view the idea of "car". But you can view a car and you can represent the concept "car' in your own mind as a physical object "car" and thus you can interact with it.
"gravity" is a concept, an abstract concept. You cannot view a "gravity". But, you can view the effect of gravity on objects, which means that the abstract concept "gravity" is not 100% abstract it is still tied to the physical world.
It's also important to remember that concrete and abstract aren't binary. They're sliding scales. Some things are more concrete than others concrete things, and the same applies to abstract.
I see what you mean, but I still think the core of what I'm trying to communicate is true, even if I'm not using the right terminology. 
Kanye is mostly factual/literal in his speech and, I can only assume, his thinking as well. There's very little intuiting going on, and the intuiting that IS happening seems to be coming from somewhere in his repressed unconscious, which is why he finds it so difficult to control and it comes out in bizarre ways like saying Jay-Z is trying to assassinate him.
enneagram rocks
Kanye is mostly factual/literal in his speech
That's unrelated to intuition. What you're observing is his thinking function. The fact of the matter, you cannot observe someone else's intuition function, and if they decide to represent their intuition in a concrete manner you'd never know otherwise. It's extremely common for Ne types to represent their intuitions as literal sensations. As an example, "Something smells fishy here". If you know anything about intuitive types, they all learn to eventually adjust their speech to be more realistic and concrete, or else everyone around them will call them crazy.
The thread started with someone posting inconclusive test results. Someone responded with an accusation that the tester lied. Then the conversation shifted into a debate about transmissions of lies and where culpability lies when a lie spreads through multiple people.
First off, the tester did not necessarily lie. All lies are falsehoods, but not all falsehoods are lies. So there was no connection of the topic starter to liars and thieves.
Liars and thieves both receive blame as the main perpetrators of wrongdoing. But that does not absolve people who spread lies or stolen goods because they have a capability to right the misdeed.
The tester did not do anything morally wrong on his test, but stating that recipients of stolen goods and lies have nothing to answer for is completely wrong.
this is not true
orig
Recipients of lies and stolen goods have an obligation to correct the misdeed if they learn the misdeed exists. If they don't do this, they become guilty themselves. Unless and until they learn the truth, though, nothing can be expected of them. You can't reasonably be expected to take action upon a situation you don't know exists.
There's situations where passing down falsehoods or stolen goods could be seen as negligence or carelessness, but there's also situations where someone has zero ability to know better. Like if your grandmother gifted you an item that she stole from a friend in 1963, but she never tells you that she stole it. In that case, shame on the grandmother, you aren't morally culpable unless you discover that somehow and can take some kind of action.
Tester anon did do something morally wrong by lying to himself, even if he is unaware of his lies towards himself. Making yourself a victim of your own lies is probably the most morally wrong thing you can do with a lie. Distorting your own view of yourself in order to fulfill some egocentric ideal is evil. 
I could explain in more detail, but I'm going to wind up on a nonsense tirade.
We all know INFJ-A is mentally ill right?
Huh? What mental illness and why do you say that?
Anyone acting as a "regular" in an MBTI thread will have mental- and personality disorders.
We all know Sophie is mentally ill right?
What are the mental- and personality disorders of the MBTI thread regulars?
Sophie: NPD, BPD, schizophrenia
ENFJ-senpai: Anxiety disorder
Mosley and Turbie: Depression
INFJs love anal sex
INFJs dont care about sex
INFJs are obsessed about sex, when they're in love
Cool, 7 hours in and this post is still spot-on
They are obsessed with the connection of sex, not the sex itself.
No because INTJ position tends to be left un-updated for over a decade
Yes but i don't enjoy this chart because i have no idea who any of these people are
focusing on observed behaviour and not on inner machinations on the mind
have to pretend that no one is stuck in-between dichotomous pickings
so it's bro-psychology in academic package innit
Possibly the least intuitive shit ive ever read lmao
or intuitive in the commonly used sense of the world (which is related to extroversion and sensation, certainly not Ni)
Lmao ur retarded learn what words mean
Yeah I can once again masturbate and play videogames to my heart's content. It's not actually possible to get lost if you have a smartphone and a willingness to allow google to harvest your data so I wouldn't let that stop you, the problem is that it turns real life into one of those open world games where you spend your entire time following the line on your little map instead of paying attention to what's around you.
Anyone wonder why any type of recognition seeking or comraderie with other people is always seen as pathological, seemingly no matter the setting
Community counteracts society's ability to treat people as freely interchangeable modular economical units. That's bad.
Infp madoka
She's isfj
Alex Jones
ESFP
Nah
i am definitely not an intuitive. I'm interested why you think i explained it in an intuitive way because i feel i explained it well, and nine times out of ten intuitives explain things in the least comprehensible way imaginable and their analogies are terrible.
what i meant by the water analogy is that doing something over and over makes it nearly automatic. when you open your fridge, you intake the visual information of what you have much faster than you would a stranger's fridge. most information i deal with is easy and habitual. it's like communicating a full statement just by going 'Mmm.' to someone. there's no language but a lot of information can be encoded in it anyway.
felt like a poser?
i felt an obligation to be what was wanted of me. if he had guessed i worked in a coffee shop instead i might have went and got the job. it's why identity is tricky for me. i don't mimic anything anyone wants out of me anymore, but i don't have anything i want to be myself, so i'm blank.
sitting and staring at the night sky of my own mind
you made it poetic and broke your word picture from last post (which you do alot.) you started with 'walking around is thinking and discovering new ideas, which is what i do' and i said 'then i sit and don't discover new ideas'. now you say 'sitting and observing ideas in my mind until one calls me', which fundamentally changes what i meant by sitting. do you feel an urge to establish common ground or something?
sophie is such manipulatable abuse fodder
Sophie
Avpd maybe. Might also be paranoid or have an anxiety disorder, but probably not.
INFJ-A
Narcissism, PTSD, antisocial/sociopathic, schizotypal, probably also borderline - I genuinely want to perform a case study on this man, but that's for professional pseuds not pseuds in training and I'm scared he would eat my face
ENFJ-senpai
Normie (I mean this in a good way)
Chuck
Might be dependent personality disorder but it doesn't seem to seriously interfere with her functioning
Mosley and Turbie
Don't talk about their mental illness that much but Mosley seems mostly fine and Turbie is probably GAD but no apparent personality disorders.
Centaur
Cynical and depressive but it seems like more of an environmental thing. Mostly fine
Can't you all stop picking on soapie? Yes she has some silly ideas and they're fun to make fun of, but that doesn't excuse the straight up nastiness I see in this thread. 
Because if you don't alreadty have comradarie with other people then you are an outsider. Ever heard of cutting down the ladder behind you? And don't play stupid, you'd do the same thing. I can tell because you're seeking a comminity, and that implies the exclusion of the outsider, you're just mad that you "didn't get your chance" in an unfair system. It's like someone crying about a pyramid scheme, not because it's a scam, but because they didn't get in on it early enough to profit.
No lol. Are you cooked? If anything INTJ's persercute people more than become the victim
what's some of the coolest characters and people who are labeled your personality type
House, Walter White, and I suppose Vergil even though I like Dante more, theres also The Man with No Name, I don't care what anyone says but he has major INTJ vibes
Yes
kek, thanks Centy. Why were you in Europe for two or so weeks, again? As a homebody that sounds miserable as fuck.
Yes to all three (and more beyond those). I'm textbook Avoidant Personality Disorder and had all seven symptoms by age 10 (five of them by 9, one at 8). I've had persistent paranoia issues since around 10 and chronic anxiety issues by 11 or so, with 7-10 being a prodomal period with more transient symptoms there.
dependent personality disorder
"people with DPD have an overwhelming need to have others take care of them"
definitely not. i'm capable of taking care of myself, probably moreso than most anons. the psychological experience i described was an internal command to live up to expectations set by others, or to be what other people need me to be. that was some time ago now, though. i was younger and it was the only way i knew how to act. part of the reason i sometimes seem like an ass is because of overcorrection, but it doesn't control my actions anymore, it's an old pattern i avoid. like a recovered alcoholic.
i probably have a bundle of mental issues to resolve, but i haven't been diagnosed with anything because there's the primary issue of biological brain disorder that needs to be sorted first. (that's going well recently.)
why am i in a talkative mood? this is very unusual.
Maybe you could at least take melatonin to help with sleep? Shit, three hours per every two days is "giving yourself brain damage" levels of inadequate sleep if that's your norm. I'd be completely psychotic if that was the norm for me.
Maybe some of your symptoms will relax the older you get (and maybe it already has, I don't know how early 30s INFJ-A would compare to early 20s INFJ-A). Three of my six immediate family members have PTSD and the severity of their symptoms has improved some with age and the mellowing of brain chemistry, even if they're far from gone.
kill yourself 
MMGHN
kill yourself
Why?
verification not required
because you're dumb and stupid
Is this ISFP?
yes 
verification not required
original
You don't seem to lack feelings or values to me.
If you've payed any attention to my character over the last four years or whatever you should know exactly why I'd spend three and a half weeks travelling around Eur*pe
What would be a good environment for me to flourish in, and how do I get there?
nta but i think you would have done well in a structured environment like a boarding school. you would have probably hated it, but since there's no options granted, you'd probably do your work fine enough and your dislike of the environment would help you bond with others socially. by the end, you would have learned how to be productive and push past your discomfort because the school gave you no other choice, and you would have at least rudimentary social skills because there was nothing else to do when forced into close proximity with your peers.
i can't think of an environment like that for adults though.
personally I think hating you is simply common sense just my personal opinion
hmm, maybe jail, or the army.
Sophie hate is forced. She's a sweet girl who just wants everyone to be happy
Even if there was a place like that for adults there's no way I'm actually accept being treated like a child after being subjected to 15 years of regular christian school. Most normalfags seem to be completely fine with living like a toddler but I just instinctively if that's the right word can't stand it. I still can't believe that was still most of my life it makes me so angry and stick to my stomach. What an abomination, a waste.
Yeah I'll admit that was a stretch. Your compliant and people-pleasing tendencies don't actually worsen your life or inhibit your autonomy. Don't take anything I say seriously anyhow, still in a bachelors program, much less the million years and classes you need to become a bonafide counselo
Idk lmao. Anywhere that large groups of relatively young people hang out and has a lot of opportunities, like a college or any place that isn't the middle of nowhere in bongland. You seem like a genuinely pleasant and socially confident person, it's hard to imagine that you couldn't get a hobby or something and make some friends if you put a little effort into developing skills, passions, etc. You just seem to overemphasize the importance of a womanfriend and look at every avenue of self-improvement with that really shallow end in mind when it's the journey that matters. (Not that this will magically solve all of your problems, but it will set you in the right direction).
Also going to college to get friends isnt really weird or creepy. I say this because I know late-goers are often insecure about it but most college students are psychically little children who feel cool when a fancy older person shows interest in them. Just dont talk about MLP porn or whatever (or do if you find a kindred spirit) who am I to judge
s*phie hate is not forced at all
s*phie hate is as natural as being afraid of someone charging at you with a knife in the dead of the night
if you don't hate s*phie you're probably deranged like him
no. those are meant to break people down and into submission. schools are much the same, but acting out as a child is met with punishments that are mostly inconvenient; in prison or the military, punishments are severe and even if you follow all rules, risk is high at all times.
i know, and that's reasonable. i was just saying that would have been good, past tense, possibly.
Your compliant and people-pleasing tendencies don't actually worsen your life or inhibit your autonomy
not anymore. just a past issue i resolved, mostly.
your type
INTJ
what are your greatest strengths?
I exist.
what are your greatest flaws?
Undressed branches of lack of proficiency in what's relevant? Lack of care about what I don't care about?
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I'd need a lot of stereotypes to read through...
I'm not the biggest fan of chess, I guess. Unless you start operating beyond the chessboard, it's too rigid and computational. And if you're playing the chess match beyond the chessboard, what's the point of considering it a chess game, in the first place? Isn't it just a game of life within the temporary scope of setting of a chess match?
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
"Vertical views," whether "up to" or "down on," are set-ups for an inefficient waste of anything of value that could be wasted. I wouldn't recommend this anywhere at all. Why think you'd be ever isolated from anything and anyone?
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
?????????
"giving yourself brain damage" levels of inadequate sleep
This is a bit too doomerish to say - rather than accumulation of immediate permanent damage, it's more of a deposit for bad brain health in older age if there's no switch to a specialized healthy lifestyle before said old age comes.
Maybe it's a lack of creative expression in one's life? 
always seen as pathological
That'd be a skill issue of the one who sees growth of clusters of inter-communicating individuals as threatening. Skill issue how? Skill issue by presuming that any "outsider" groups are a threat rather than something that one could get on at least fixed neutral terms with.
Well, the pattern looks alright (visually), at least.
I never have to think about Eur*pe again thank god
You can take the man out of Europe, but you can't take Europe of out the man.
It is over.
i don't see what the difference is, if a punishment is a punishment all the same
Why BPD for INFJ-A?
from hearsay, i have no personal experience:
school: do bad, get forced to sit in a room for awhile
military: do bad, get beat up, forced to do strenuous exercise to the point of vomiting, killed
prison: do bad by guards, get no food or locked in a cell
prison: do bad by inmates, get raped or killed
sit in a room is not harsh
It's in the maybe section because BPD usually includes a lot of overt self-loathing as well as a lack of confidence at points, desiring the validation of others, but to this day I've only seen him display open weakness once. However, his very suffocating type A personality seems more like an unusually strong reaction formation in response to a childhood full of fear and violence that obfuscates a very scarred and fearful person underneath. This also has to do with the PTSD. He likes to deny his vulnerabilities a lot but his consistent aggression and defensiveness, the ease with which he perceives slights and hurts others at any offense to his ego, his frankly magical thinking and desire for control over everything in the environment is not a sign of someone who can form healthy and open relationships
INFJ-A: Asuka
Chuck: Rei
Centaur: Shinji
I'm interested why you think i explained it in an intuitive way
Because you captured the essence of the idea you were trying to convey nearly perfectly. The word pictures you make are very intuitive in nature, they're highly metaphorical and not really connected to the topic at hand. Re-representing ideas as new unrelated ideas is pretty on the nose for what intuition looks like in practice.
what i meant
Trust me, you don't need to re-explain that, you hit the nail on the head. But, the thing I was most interested in is how you draw the lines in the dirt for the water to follow. That would be aiming, or directing your conscious mind to a specific place within a predefined route. Most people use "internal voices" for that aiming process, and I was curious to find what your aiming apparatus was, seeing as you don't use internal voices.
i don't have anything i want to be myself, so i'm blank.
Was it always like that? More importantly, do you want to want to be something yourself?
which is what i do
Maybe I miscommunicated, but that metaphor wasn't supposed to include me, it was based on my observations of "word people". Walking around was supposed to be like using internal voices as the guide for internal movement, the words become your legs that move you between two connected ideas. I do not use internal words unless I am translating my thoughts into words
do you feel an urge to establish common ground or something?
Maybe subconsciously. I mostly just like understanding other people and when I happen across common ground it's also pretty neat. It's mostly just a medium to convey understanding.
You can conduct your case study on me, if you want. I promise not to eat your face.
Melatonin don't do nothing for me. Even hardcore sleep aids don't work. It's also not normal for me to sleep that little, but it's also not entirely uncommon either. I don't really think my symptoms will relax anymore than they already have, unfortunately.
The journey is shit though. The reward for completing a journey is getting to lie down. If the journey is the reward then shouldn't I be sabotaging myself at every turn to ensure that it lasts as long as possible? Madness!
My stinky NEET older brother is going to try college again this Autumn, I guess I'll keep an eye open as to how he copes. 
It's true, when I finally fapped yesterday the splooge was like yellow tinted like french cheese. Eur*pe was my r*pe, and now I'm stuck with stinky yellow ropes forever...
Oh, I didn't mean immediate. It would likely take decades, the same way that it requires many years even for old people (dementia is frequently caused by sleep apnea and other sleep issues in the 80s that have been ongoing since the 60s). 
ISFP-chan... why so hostile... 
Very interesting analysis. From what I can tell, the relationships that INFJ-A was in in the past were reasonably healthy ones and I don't think he argued with his girlfriends in the same kangaroo court style that he sometimes does here. A relaxed INFJ-A is pretty friendly and personable, and I get the impression that he's a reasonable person when dealing with those he likes, respects, and trusts. Unfortunately this natural disposition is buried half the time under many layers of nurture-based alterations.
The journey isn't the reward, it's what ends up getting you the reward, if you subscribe to the theory that happiness is fulfillment and not illusory. If you want to maintain the status quo you can find ways to enjoy your life regardless. But for most people looking for growth, meaning, purpose, is better than 10, 15, 20 years down the line feeling like you've wasted your youth and wondering what could have gone differently, but everyone's different. It's just that you don't seem very pleased with the way things are and that's unlikely to change by doing the same thing over and over again.
You don't get to see his relationships from any perspective that isn't his, and I don't think he's talked much about them anyhow. I can definitely imagine INFJ-A as a chivalrous bad boy with a heart of gold or whatever but he seems to pride himself on being a no-punches-pulled merciless taskmaster and those behaviors are likely to translate to those he knows in the real world as well.
No problem! It's always a pleasure to help, I know figuring these things out can be tiring!
where do you shop most often?
Most of them are local brands, so you may not find them internationally. But when I feel like I want to wear something fancy, I shop at H&amp;M, Mango, and occasionally Adidas or Rebook, but mostly for shoes or gym clothes.
 but i am also averse to looking overly attractive for practical and psychological reasons. i want to look like a regular person who lives in the world.
I see. In that case, casual sporty clothes would be perfect for you! It usually consist of loose clothing, this is good if you don't want your body shape to be noticeable, and it's pretty comfy! Big sweaters, sweatpants, and a nice pair of tennis will make you look good. You can find this at stores like Nike or Adidas. Check pic related for reference, or you can look up "boyish style" on pinterest. The best thing about this style is that is pretty simple, and you don't need a lot of accesories to complete the look, but if you want to look fashionable, you can throw in a pair of sunglasses.
I find it interesting the way miscategorizations and misunderstandings bubble up in text interactions that don't appear in real life. I can tell you for certain that I'm not BPD or NPD.
is buried half the time
One day people will realize they can't even make it past the persona I use as armor, and even when I let it down people go acting a fool so that I cannot exist in that state for very long.
Maybe lmao. I have no real idea who you are 
But
One day people will realize they can't even make it past the persona I use as armor, and even when I let it down people go acting a fool so that I cannot exist in that state for very long.
is exactly the shit people say before they go to therapy and get psychologically molested. I mean I sort of get it, despite aspiring to become one I would never willingly let a shrink into my head.
I do think you should try it sometime, though*
This. I would honestly be surprised if even a single person has ever liked Sophie in his entire life.
I've been in therapy for like 3 years. Anyway, I need to sleep. Staying up past 22 hours isn't good for the brain.
spent close to $600 on a Strict-G gundam themed bomber.
too introverted to wear it outside.
INTP living on autopilot
Woah, that's surprising. I know this is offensive in every possible interpretation (and it's sort of meant to be) but you seem to completely lack self-awareness or humility. Not to accuse you of being uncooperative or your therapist of milking you, but have you really not identified any of the unhealthy mental patterns and defense mechanisms you use? "Therapy doesn't work on me" is like the first thing that needs to be deconstructed and I can't imagine skirting around the issue for 3 years straight unless its more of a palliative thing than an attempt to cure the sickness at the center. Though of course I don't know what you talk about with them or how you've improved, could be a million little improvements that I'm not there to witness, being locked inside these little beige boxes and all. You are a person after all, and this is 4chan. Everything directed towards anyone at all is mostly bile and you cant judge the entire content of someone's character by how they react to being repeatedly insulted. 
Goodnight, I hope you get a good nights rest
This is what annoys me about this whole argument. How many times do I need to say that I went to school for 15 years and didn't make any friends or have any romantic relationships? How is going to college anything other than "trying the same thing over and over"? 
No, this time you'll get along with other people and be invited to the parties because ... uhhh
I just came back from almost a month of "Putting myself out there :) " in the middle of freaking Italy. I went to youth hostels, I met with my cousin and went to bars where I drank 12 euro cocktails, and then I come home and within 24 hours people are like "erm, have you tried going to school? It worked for me! :)"
sorry for suggesting the boarding school. i was thinking more logistically than socially.
Just pee yourseIv :~DD
Not the boarding school I meant college lol, boarding school was an interesting hypothetical and at least something different, what I'm annoyed by is people not just here, but in real life demanding that I "try something different" by doing exactly the same thing I was forced to do for a mojority of my existence despite never living outside of their own personal tiny box their entire lives.
you're an enfj lol
Thoughts on this?
INFJs are basically a walking empathy machine. So much so, in fact, that when surrounded by bad people, they become bad, when surrounded by good people, they become good. They mirror the people around them and take their ideas further (Ni-Fe).
What is your type, counselor anon?
Yeah. I'm surprised that you didn't make friends at all during school but that was more of a faulty character judgment - you come off as very direct and confident. Regardless, an environment like school is still the best chance you have of meeting new people and if it's a place with thousands of people and a fresh start rather than presumably the same couple hundred over and over again you'll fare better. Clubbing isn't a good way to build stable relationships, though it might lead to you falling in love with a femme fatale who was hired to kill you but realized you were just a silly little guy and has to go through the internal dilemma of choosing between angering the mob or finding true love, or whatever else happens to real people who go to all those places my mommy said to avoid 
Hey! I lived outside of my tiny personal box sort of. I had very few acquaintances and probably no real friends that I cared about in high school, went to college and had roommates, people with common interests, etc that were easier to bond with. It's a much different environment though of course all of this is anecdotal so you'll blow it off anyway. Just a suggestion
Complete bullshit as you'd expect from PDB. They're Ni doms first and foremost and so only use Fe as an auxillary function for a start.
what makes this 'boyish' fashion different from wearing actual mens clothing? in picrel, she's wearing clothes that are DRAMATICALLY large and absolutely not designed for her body size or shape. i wear clothes that are only slightly large and not meant for my shape. is the point to make it so exaggerated people know you did it on purpose? do people actually think it looks good?
got it
I think this might happen with younger or more insecure ones, but INFJs as an introverted feeler type may be just as prone to "enforcing" their own ethical understandings derived from earlier people and relationships, rather than immediately molding themselves into whatever the new group requires. Fe doms can also do this but are more prone to the behavior described. If anything when INFJs, being introverts, encounter a group of people with differing values they will simply leave or look for a more compatible circle. 
INFJ
You've literally never done anything other than follow the most straight and narrow be a good boy do as your told path imaginable. You could live in a shoe box and you'd never touch the sides. You waited around passively and then good things came to you. And then of course you join the "have you tried putting yourself out there :)" chorus. Not trying to be mean or whatever but there's many such cases. Also I could phrase this better but I gotta go my brother wants to meet me at a the pub lol.
your type
ENTJ 6w5
what are your greatest strengths?
linguistics
philosophy
am physically strong
sometimes trickery by lying and manipulating
what are your greatest flaws?
I suck at math, have ego issues am selfish and somewhat whiny, I also am self-destructive and very anti-social in general to the point I often ghost people and can't hold social positions for long because I withdraw often.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I'm controlling, rigid, narrow minded, and very self-destructive. Pretty much common for dominant Te types.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Please fuck off, I have my own matters to deal with.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I only want to move out of my parents place and see the world myself, not through screen of my computer.
That's a pretty big assumption, but I don't see what the problem with playing by the book is anyway? I'll admit to being passive but being passive in a place with opportunity is better than being passive in a metaphorical hermetically sealed doomsday bunker. Really, that's my whole suggestion. Go somewhere where you have any possibility of being struck by luck. Also, my "passivity" is in stark contrast to yours because I built myself up, went around with dreams and ideals and tried to realize them. You just_ don't seem to have any broader ambition or purpose. Is there really nothing you could gleam from an education? Why not do some volunteer work, join a hobby club or some shit? You can't sit there and expect things to happen. Or you very well can but chances are they won't. The world is your oyster - do whatever you want but completely denying responsibility for, as you've mockingly paraphrased, "putting yourself out there" is a dead end
Doesn't everyone live on autopilot? I was thinking the other day how most actions are by prompt. And most people have such gormless faces, like they are not truly conscious at all.
Greatest strengths
philosophy
How does this strength manifest?
In my case it was reading a lot and being disappointed about this world.
If you've payed any attention to my character over the last four years or whatever you should know exactly why I'd spend three and a half weeks travelling around Eur*pe
Unless this was a wf hunt (which would line up with you saying you're blackpilled on women now), I have no idea.
I can think of two occasions where he's shown vulnerability as opposed to your one. During one of our first arguments in 2021 he said "I went too far, I'm a monster" the next day, and during that same conversation he said "You see right through me" to (I think) Prince. The second instance was a few weeks ago where he was strangely open to something someone else said to him during a talk about his past. At this point, though, conversations are probably less likely to be productive since relationships with the community have been soured and he's more guarded.
As for INFJ-A's progress under therapy, hm... this isn't a popular opinion on Self-Improvement Central, but I do think it's possible for some issues to be so deep-seeded that there's only small potential for improvement. Aside from technologies that rewire or otherwise modulate the brain, I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with interpersonal relationships, and self-esteem issues are way too deeply burned into my brain and psyche and the basic fabric of my being to ever fully extricate them. I have some positive feelings towards myself mixed in with the bad unlike when I was a kid, but I'm not comfortable feeling good things towards myself for too long, and if I do then it makes me anxious and I relax and put myself back in my place with fantasies of self-mutilation where I turn myself into something akin to one of Jack the Ripper's victims. Very, very soothing and calming, always puts me in a good mood. Maybe INFJ-A made progress on certain things but the remaining issues are just burned into his brain too deeply to improve much upon... good post though, will be interesting to see what he says.
Just working on my manifes- 
I mean 
video about all the regulars
Your type
How do you think you are perceived?
How do you want to be perceived?
Easymode: In general. 
Effortpostmode: How you may/want to be perceived by family, friends, thread, strangers, etc. --individually tailored answers.
Do you think there are parts of us that cannot be perceived by others, even if we try to share them, try to be known? What is your relationship to these parts of yourself?
I do think it's possible for some issues to be so deep-seated that there's only small potential for improvement. Aside from technologies that rewire or otherwise modulate the brain, I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with interpersonal relationships, and self-esteem issues are way too deeply burned into my brain and psyche and the basic fabric of my being to ever fully extricate them. I have some positive feelings towards myself mixed in with the bad unlike when I was a kid, but I'm not comfortable feeling good things towards myself for too long, and if I do then it makes me anxious and I relax and put myself back in my place with fantasies of self-mutilation where I turn myself into something akin to one of Jack the Ripper's victims.
Very relatable. I am probably like this 70% of the time until my bipolar disorder kicks in and I become very confident and optimistic for a short while, then return to wanting nothing more than to rip the flesh off of my throat and crush my skull in one of those junkyard compressors you see in cartoons. It sucks to have low self-esteem, caring way too much how I am perceived and received by others, always doubting if I deserve anything at all. But I do think therapy can help with dismantling harmful thought patterns - the rest is a dice toss for how the world treats you. That's why I find myself trying to be very lenient on centaur and infuriated when people treat him shitty - the world sucks. Circumstances conspire to fuck you over. It hurts to exist and no victory is certain. You don't have to put on a brave face and I find myself admiring the people who present themselves without masks.
holy kek. someone sound the bpd alarm.
Why narcissism and sociopathy?
istp
how do you think you are perceived:
family
inscrutable
friends
n/a
thread
if anybody's answer to this is not 'inaccurately', their Fe is grossly overgrown and their Fi is frail. 
are there parts that cannot be perceived no matter what?
the majority
relationship with these parts
tenuous
I'm sort of getting tired of this but 
Narcissism 
Presents himself as larger than life, completely infallible, asserts his own qualities as the most desirable and adamantly refuses blame, guilt, or criticism in the face of external reproach even when the vast majority of impartial observers would admit his culpability - though on rare occasions he is willing to give a little bit of leeway or admit defeat.
sociopathy
Genuinely takes pride in causing fear, misery, and humiliation to his perceived enemies, glorifies violence and dominance. If I'm not mistaken claimed to have non-existent or strongly compromised empathy and recounts tales of ruthlessness with pride (though this could of course be reaction formation and PTSD stuff)
lol sorry, didn't think you'd mind since you seemed to enjoy fielding questions before now
Haha I don't really mind, it's interesting. Just feels sort of weird almost.. demonizing(?) someone who isn't even there to defend themselves, and I've got chores to do.
dubs nonetheless someone sound the Who Fucking Asked alarm
you probably w i s h they had BPD so you could have a chance at being their Favorite Person because you likely have already tasted of the nectar of an obsession so intense and now you know you will never be satisfied with mere mortals' lukewarm affections again. Cope
I only hope all the beautiful princess disorder and bpd adjacent cuties see this for what it is too and stop giving such piss poor reverse psychology literal playground level "Maybe if I put a worm in her shoe she'll love me" amateur BOO SHIEEEE the time of day
I also hope it doesn't offend to be called bpd adjacent because stigma isn't cool and bpd mostly has a bad rep here because girls and boychildren who are..difficult cases outside the bpd (I know this is the whole argument, that there is no outside, that either you have bpd so you're a bad person or you're a bad person so you have bpd/npd/etc. but, y'know) already..mention that they have bpd and use it to attempt to excuse the ways they exploit and harm others.
I don't know if you know this but many teenagers are usually selfish, impulsive, and ruled by their emotions. This board is full of a lot of underageb&amp;s or people with stunted development either due to social circumstances or literal brain damage. So.
Just tell people they're shitty (I mean, don't, but if you're gonna) for the traits their bpd makes them prone to that they haven't managed. Throwing around the bpd accusation is lazy and ineffective on various fronts, whatever your ultimate motivations or machinations 
*
[[this grain of salt]]
[[[take it]]]
My deja vu is telling me I am supposed to say something about a streetlamp
s*phie hasn't been a teenager since 1942
*
[[this grain of salt]]
[[[take it]]]
not enough
gimme a #
damn, prince's stacy gf is on fire
if anybody's answer to this is not 'inaccurately', their Fe is grossly overgrown and their Fi is frail.
I think there could be some exceptions argued, but. For the most part, based and trve
the majority 
I need to spend longer weighing this against my own observations of myself and others to have anything else to say but, interesting
tenuous 
TELL me abouddit
(But no really, tell me. I relate heavily to values you hold and work-in-progress-conclusions you come to about life and yourself, but sometimes your way of getting there is foreign or contrary to my nature and sometimes it is also very very similar. If you have the energy, the last two questions would be areas I'm much more than curious to hear about in your words.) ((If I'm not a goober, totally mis-Sighting))
Your type
Isfp
How do you think you are perceived?
family
I think they see me as a smart shy person that's held back by circumstances or something
friends
Since I'm so terminally online let's count online here cause I don't have irl friends. The ones I'm more close with probably see me as a funny extremist, I'm guessing. They also said they like how I'm a good listener and nice guy and stuff like that.
thread
A bland weirdo loser
strangers
Just another young man
How do you want to be perceived?
As what I really am. So for now I think weirdo loser fits best
are there parts of us that cant be perceived by others no matter how much you try to explain these parts
Yeah I definitely think there's parts that others will just not understand. They'd have to be a clone to, and even then there'd be doubt on if you're talking about the same thing if it's that vague and abstract
what is your relationship to these parts of yourself?
It's okay I'm guessing, they're just interesting to me most of the time unless they're insecurities in which case I just want to get rid of them
What types obsess over minor cringe in their life?
I'm INFP and i do that all the time
Matter of fact, that pic of yours just reminded me of that very thing happening to me like a month ago and now i'm considering suicide
Long way to claim that infjs are npcs lel. Also this is overstating the feeling part of infjs, they are primarily intuitive types. This reeks of fe primary mirroring.
exceptions
i initially wrote more. something like 'unless they interact on a personal level outside of thread'. my point being the medium prevents accurate perception.
tell me about it
i spent my entire life up to a point working in a coal mine. i hate working in a coal mine; i'm very good at working in a coal mine. every skill i have is coalmine-adjacent. every understanding i have is coalmine-centered. then i leave the coalmine. 
i don't want to go back to coal mining. now, i have to reframe every concept i have ever understood, retool every skill i ever learned, and make up the massive gap in knowledge of all the things non-coalmine. this is a task that can never be completed, so sacrifices are necessary. how much of a coal-miner am i willing to let myself be? how similar to coal mining will i let my life become? to avoid going to just another mine, i have to start taking jobs i'm terrible at, start learning things i have no base understanding about, and i have to compartmentalize the majority of my psyche away and work on tiny portions of myself to scrub all the coal dust out of the wrinkles in my brain. to live a good life, everything must be small and simple, and i do too. beyond the wall i constructed is much more; to myself, and to the world around me. bringing new (old) things inside the boundaries is a gamble every time.
my relationship with the things i have compartmentalized is tenuous the same way a zookeeper's relationship with carnivores are tenuous. keep the correct conditions, and everything stays in it's habitat and nobody gets hurt. get careless, and it's over. i think the point is that internally, i am an unfixable disaster, but i am refusing to let it effect anything in a negative way through obsessive mental maintenance and willpower, like a sentient bomb deciding not to explode despite it's programming.
Well it's not so much getting lost in the foreign places but more not knowing how to navigate in the train stations/airports/hotels or what have you. "Navigate" both in the literal sense and in the sense that I wouldn't know how to pay for things or where to receive tickets and passes and stuff. A smartphone won't help with that. Well or maybe it will, actually, I don't really know how the newer ones work. Mine is from 2012 though so it can barely load up 4chan let alone install modern apps.
But yeah if I went anywhere I'd probably just explore random stuff by myself instead of following any sort of map. It's more interesting to end up in some piss-soaked alley and almost get mugged than to civilly tour famous attractions like some rich person. Well, not that I'd actually have the guts to go anywhere seedy.
I think the meta-India November post was a milestone. Nothing else can explain my abrupt pause to posting.
...For one to manage to leave here, one needs to find someplace else.
I'm very edgy with these leading edge extensions heh
If it helps, I think your willingness to help others with your knowledge is something I admire a lot!
Thanks, it helps to know there's something admirable in me yet.
Any further thought into this is a senseless but enticing spiral into self-doubt and regrets.
I can see you're trying to live like that yourself.
I'm so far removed from the conversation/circlejerk that even this post seemed like a whole lot of nothing.
My apologies for this rudeness.
I thought we were talking about the turbie species all this time~! :'O
Let's just say we were.
some days i wonder if there is a single person alive more retarded than i am
It seemed to me you were overqualified instead, not retarded.
Say, an engineer trying to answer with the story of how Newton came up with his Principles when the question is "Can you pick apples from our orchard?" The engineer in question isn't retarded, per se. Just not in the right place.
t. India November
While I don't obsess over it, I get really fucking annoyed with myself when I have to look at the past things I did and said, saying things like "why the fuck did I do or say that, jesus fucking christ man wtf" when I look back on certain things. I no longer understand it being the thing you think about when about to fall asleep, though. I never have those moments now, but I did use to have them before I was 15 I think
Isfp by the way, pic related is me to myself when I decide to think about past things. Which I actually don't do often unless it's brought to my attention by the world
Intjs- grew up afraid to rely on people, detached and isolated
lol. i'm still detached and isolated
ok this made me laugh. the effect of the brevity and myopic disregard was good
but stummy hurt
I just wanted a distraction from the horrors of my ailing vessel. Not gonna fool myself and think I can try to move on to something more productive just to have my flow state interrupted by hRRGGLBGLBRBLRGH again...However, I ain't really around to commit. Stars still not in alignment for *that*.
God knows I could write another 5 to 10 walls otherwise
habbe picrel
stacy
*SHOULDN'T FURTHER QUANTUMDOXX MYSELF WITH ALL THAT I ALREADY OVERSHARE RESTRAINT*
I'm too speshul snowflake to be a Stacy tho, I'm more of a Celeste.
But I'm all ABOUT fire. Check these irons
What's yr long-game, fiend? I'm watching you like a hawk, you know.
What's yr long-game, fiend? I'm watching you like a hawk, you know.
Curious on this too, I've been noticing the same thing as well
infjs ranked from best to worst
1. counselor guy
2. homuanon
3. turbie
4. infj-a
5. sophie
Not everyone who wants to murder you is the same guy. You just happen to be the two worst things imaginable in the eyes of this thread - a woman and a relationship-beir-iner.
how do INTPs deal and cope with life outside of the internet? i'm curious.
isn't she generally liked? or people just want to fuck her voice, same thing
INTP:
INT(ernet) P(eople)
Who the fuck is she
What are we talking about
How do you people stay in touch with all these tripless regulars
She is Turbie's girlfriend, if I'm not mistaken.
Spot-on! I'm glad they're not hard to follow
what if just talk to like {1} + 2.2 people individually a day each different day of the week until the brain dog clears
I just mind my own business and everyone pretty much leaves me alone.
why is centaur such an ass
append words until the question is a question about yourself, answer that, present your findings, and ask the question again
Because people jump up his ass about the subject all the time so he is primed to be defensive about it.
I personally really struggle with life outside of internet. It's like I have to always overthink everything, even if it's something I've been doing forever. I can't auto-pilot
your type
INTJ
what are your greatest strengths?
Planning, logical thinking.
what are your greatest flaws?
I have to ALWAYS be in control whenever I'm in a team. Overthinking.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I am very narrow minded. In the other hand I am pretty social.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Don't be a retard and research to form your own opinions.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Satisfaction.
My stinky NEET older brother is going to try college again this Autumn
University is the easiest shit. Just cheat on tests
Your type
INTJ
How do you think you are perceived?
Netural or positively depending on who you ask, I don't stick out much
How do you want to be perceived?
I don't care
Turbie on the right Breeder on the left
Your type
INFP
How do you think you are perceived?
gentle, awkward, spaced out
How do you want to be perceived?
Easymode: In general
as if general questions are ever easy
i want my family to think i'm responsible and honorable.
i want my friends to think i'm funny.
i want the thread to think... i guess i don't really care.
i want strangers to think... i don't know it's up to them.
Do you think there are parts of us that cannot be perceived by others, even if we try to share them, try to be known? What is your relationship to these parts of yourself?
i think it's selfish to believe someone can fully understand you, and in order for them to understand you fully they must accept you, which is just impossible. my relationship is that it is me, and i just have to find strength in independence
on a scale of 1 to 10 how manipulative is each regular
which type unironically listens to this?
https://youtu.be/z97qLNXeAMQ [Embed]
ENFP. Also the answer for every other
garbage but relatively avant garde genre or subculture. Something to do with extroverted intuitions eye for the unusual and idea-spreading proclivity
your type
INTJ
what are your greatest strengths?
Extreme introspection, I have a large bandwidth into my performance. 
what are your greatest flaws?
I self make my skills and the handiwork varies until mastery. Most have theirs given or bought; things are natural to them. I am also obsessive about particular problems, dropping everything to concentrate on those problems, often endless thought. When my brain wants something it won't be reasonable and I am locked into those thoughts.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I am highly coordinated. I am alone.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
Patience and memory.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I imminently need freedom bought by my own improvement, else I am going to suffocate.
Most have theirs given or bought; things are natural to them.
Not to be rude but that's objectively delusional
"Most" just don't care about lacks of skills, at least outwardly, which, with lack of worry over skills, gives off the impression of relative proficiency
There's a lot of basic behaviours that seems to be the baseline make-up of the average person. Even stuff like understanding my bodily limits I have to relearn and systemise. Sometimes I wonder if I lost what I had, not through tragedy but my own overwhelming desire for complete perfection by absolute comprehension.
Ah, I see
You aren't mistyped alright then, that's definitely "inferior sensation"
Who do you guys think are the best online typers?
But I have excellent signalling from my body, I just had to build my own programming.
Well, if it looks too silly, you can always tone it down and just wear loose clothes, not oversized ones. Just a shirt and sweatpants, or loose jeans work, like pic related.
 Any further thought into this is a senseless but enticing spiral into self-doubt and regrets.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've got a very good impression of you, and unless you kill puppies or commit war crimes, that impression will remain as it is. I hope you find inner peace, though.
i have to rely on external advice for fashion. i have no Fe so i can't tune into what other people think without asking outright. my Fi hates how almost all clothes look. nearly every single outfit i have ever seen anyone wearing looks retarded.
i am not good at emotional support. you seem upset or unhappy. i disapprove. you seem good. i think you should be content. that's all i got.
I understand. Ultimately, clothes should be about what makes you feel good and comfortable. No point in dressing in a way that makes you feel awkward. But I'm curious, are you okay with you current clothes, or is your desire to change your style because of public perception? You said you wanted to look like a normal person and not homeless, do you get these comments from people around you?
Doesn't fit, Turbie isn't as timid and anxious as Yunyun
100 gecs is peak trannycore - the most likely types to be such are the xNFPs, so in addition to the ENFP of the last answer i'll throw in INFP
but you seem
Key word there is seem. I'm unironically hyper self aware to a fault, according to my therapist(s). I can give you the humility one, but I do that intentionally here, and I do it for a very specific reason. And it will likely never change, because the people here will never change. I find it odd that humility is a character critique on 4chan. Basically all the humility here is a superficial as fuck attempt at placating someone in order to curate their own image as a "good person" so that they will be accepted by the herd. It's just virtue signaling, "Hey, guys look at me, I'm a good and nice person! PLEASE LIKE ME!!!!!!!!"
Here's where I differ from your average anon. Where most people will use the mask of anonymity to act out their true character with little to no social repercussions, I don't. It becomes another mask in my layer of masks to put even more distance between my true character and everyone around me, that can be altered to fit the circumstances of the environment around me. My persona is just an evolving, shape shifting, mirror-mask. Whatever is projected onto it, it becomes. Which is why people often get angry with me, I behave as they behave, and they don't like their own behavior. But they cannot see their own behavior because they are the ones who lack self awareness. That's not everyone here, but a huge majority. 
Not to accuse
The problem is my two of my three therapists have had to relocate and every time I get a new one the entire process has to start over from scratch. Not to mention a large portion of my problems are literally unsolvable outside of medication. I'm not interested in turning into a medicated zombie just so I can live a """normal life""".
Your type
INFJ-A
How do you think you are perceived?
Quiet weirdo that doesn't talk to anyone.
thread
Slave owning, whip cracking, controlling hardass. :3
strangers
Friendly, approachable person.
How do you want to be perceived?
I don't want to be perceived. 
Do you think there are parts of us that cannot be perceived by others, even if we try to share them, try to be known?
Without a shadow of a doubt. Sometimes these parts can be shared with someone that you share a deep connection.
What is your relationship to these parts of yourself?
I'm very close with the shadows of my brain.
I knew it!
your type
INFP
what are your greatest strengths?
uhh.. being open minded?
perhaps sensitivity, although its a double edged sword too
I think I have good artistic proclivities 
what are your greatest flaws?
Impulsivity, lack of self-control
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
Emotionality perhaps, although I would tie this trait more to impulsivity, in that sense
and i like cats meowmeowmeow
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
"the individual can never become better, unless he needs to become better
and whenever a problem is bigger than we are, it reveals the need within ourselves, to increase or enlarge our own resources"
this likely isnt true to the spirit of the question, but I think its a great quote, stemming from Manly P. Hall
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Love, connection
I want to make music that inspires those emotions
To me, lying implies an intent of spreading falsehood 
You still can be held responsible for spreading falsehood, but I wouldnt call that lying
i'll ask this here because it's kind of related to personality and i've already asked ex-military and ex-cops and i'm curious about hearing /mbti/'s opinion.
men:
do you think it is important to know and/or develop the dark part of your mind? the "dark triad" so to speak, or the greed/lust/power hungry/sadism and egotistical part of your mind?
a spark hit me last week during a conversation i was having with a coworker that's really true. he was explaining that the most of the "nicest", as in kindest and fairest men you meet in life are internally trying their hardest not to fucking kill somebody. it rang pretty true about a lot of people i met. he may be biased as an ISFP scorpio, but the reason i ask is a greedy one as i've aged i've become less assertive and less forward and blunt, and as one friend described it "fucking dead inside" and yet i still am outwardly nice to the point where it bothers me how accommodating i am. it's good because i'm liked, but if push comes to shove or someone wrongs me i don't have it in me to really fight back. i'll just take the hit. there's no pushback internally or sense of self worth in me to defend my own character or boundaries. i'm starting to wonder if men typically need to develop their teeth by being overly aggressive or "dark triad" to then have it reigned back a bit as they go overboard.
one man dissuaded me as he's ex-military and clearly has killed people and has multiple forms of PTSD and me asking this to him actually made him cry and tell me how he had a gun in his mouth and such and to avoid at all costs going down dark paths, but a part of me still wonders if it's a path worth exploring for somebody as accommodating, dead inside, giving and "whatever" about things as i can be.
but I wouldnt call that lying
as in, spreading falsehood without the awareness of doing that
Your type
INTJ
How do you think you are perceived?
by family, 
Upbeat, secretive and busy, probably.
friends, 
Trolly and busy, I presume.
thread, 
Hopefully not too intense and obtuse!
strangers
This question is a bit creepy... Let's just say they don't.
How do you want to be perceived?
Why, that depends on whatever I need at the moment! But that's rationally speaking. In effect. I don't care much, and, to expand, focusing over social perceptions themselves is rather counter-productive in itself.
Do you think there are parts of us that cannot be perceived by others, even if we try to share them, try to be known?
The answer is within the next sub-reply and within the next post.
What is your relationship to these parts of yourself?
They could use some expression alright.
Thank you. You're quite right on this, at least the next-to-last one requires some more fleshing out by thought.
I believe with qualia, experiences still have sense. "Blue," for example, expresses something, even if it purely qualitative and irreducible.
In the state of non-sense, blue would no longer be a discrete experience of the world. It is not it that it goes from abstract to concrete, but that it is no longer something that pre-exists the body at all, it is rather produced here, by you, in this moment.
Is going from abstract to concrete always the prerequisite, though?
What I mean is, to narrow down the conceptualization related to impression of looking at "blue" within normal conditions, you need a referential "objective_concrete-to-subjective_abstract" conversional imprint first, and it's not even necessary that the "feeling of seeing blue" was never present within the localized psyche that lived this far before seeing "blue" from objective reality - the feeling could've been there at least momentarily, unlike the very ties that attached (accurately? opportunistically? randomly?) the subjective with the objective.
as a man, what people describe as 'dark triad' is effectively mental combat ability. narcissism is what prevents you from low self image, which leads to being taken advantage of. psychopathy is mental resilience; immunity to the shock of injury. Machiavellianism enables you to do what needs to be done when it needs to be done.
it all works together to make you capable of enduring punishment on a non physical spectrum, and fighting back. however, just like physical violence, if you let your ability to become a crutch, relying on violence to get your way, you become animalistic. there's a difference between being a combatant able to defend yourself, and being a person who lashes out in violence any time something doesn't go his way. it's about moderation and self control. if you consider dark triad a martial art, you have to learn to be a monk, not a drunken brawler.
that's my opinion as a man of course.
he was explaining that the most of the "nicest", as in kindest and fairest men you meet in life are internally trying their hardest not to fucking kill somebody. it rang pretty true about a lot of people i met.
it's good because i'm liked, but if push comes to shove or someone wrongs me i don't have it in me to really fight back. i'll just take the hit. there's no pushback internally or sense of self worth in me to defend my own character or boundaries. i'm starting to wonder if men typically need to develop their teeth by being overly aggressive or "dark triad" to then have it reigned back a bit as they go overboard.
Being nice shouldn't come at the cost of your own well-being or mental peace. You're not being "nice", you're being a people-pleaser at the cost of your own self-esteem, and you're starting to resent yourself and other for it. You're not entertaining the idea of developing a dark triad, you're entertaining the idea of blowing up on people to make up for having to put yourself down to keep everyone around you happy.
Yeah, your complacent attitude may give a good image of yourself to others, but judging from your post, you're not doing it because it truly comes to you being nice, you're doing it out of fear of conflict with the people around you. Again, you're setting yourself to blow up sooner or later because you're repressing a part of yourself and letting people step all over you to please them.
I know you said men, but your conflict is very transparent in your post and I wanted to contribute. Hope this helps, anon.
Thus it can be felt as a pure bodily intensity, out of which any new sense can be made, like the creation of a different world.
You mean that, in the state of nonsense, the unchained quale is "charged" enough to have its (first) representation becoming produced outwardly to shape reality in congruence with quale? That's something engaging to think about on its own... To add for further elaboration, certain quale can be an impression from an exclusively imaginative construct as well (and I'd even argue this applies even to attempts to put into imagination what's "impossible" to imagine, whether it's said impossibility being the source of quale or the product of said imagination itself) (and, from what I see, technically, qualia do have a possibility to be connected/evoked from nothing but other qualia - such are the instances of synesthesia). This makes conscious+unconscious imaginative creativity akin to a state of state of pathological nonsense being under a productive conduit, I presume.
Also, mmm, whatever's the sense of "world" is used by you here and whether it's different from what Deleuze tends to use or not, I don't think it would hurt to bring up that, per Deleuze*, there's a metaphysical sameness within everything that is "in being" (by attached "sense of being." But other differences beyond this are present), so, unless I am interpreting something incorrectly or have missed something, the fundamentals for considerations of notions about qualia are completely outside of Deleuzian -delusions xddd- works.
I think this is the meaning of becoming "every name in history"** as well.
*This may be of interest
https://sci-hub.st/10.1057/9781137404565_6
Per my comprehension, that **becoming is more of a "returning to state of (initial? pre-?)being in the form of potentiality that has yet to have manifested differences attached to my form," but that may as well be just another barely related interpretation out there.
there's a difference between being a combatant able to defend yourself, and being a person who lashes out in violence any time something doesn't go his way. it's about moderation and self control. if you consider dark triad a martial art, you have to learn to be a monk, not a drunken brawler.
i don't know how to defend and stick up for myself mentally. the drunken brawler part seems to be innate to people. i don't think i have any desires or self image or drunken brawler ability, so i'm wondering if developing that is a good thing. outside of my crazy mother and fighting with her i don't think i can mentally brawl for myself.
You're not being "nice", you're being a people-pleaser at the cost of your own self-esteem, and you're starting to resent yourself and other for it
how do you develop self-esteem?
you're not doing it because it truly comes to you being nice, you're doing it out of fear of conflict with the people around you
yeah. i enjoy being nice, but after a while it just seems like being nice or complacent and aloof gets you nowhere. as my gf described it once, she doesn't see any "umph" in me. i don't think i really have the capacity for "umph" for it's own sake. maybe i just need a purpose in life.
well, at this point, it has nothing to do with dark triad. you're insecure and depressed and people are shitty, so they make it worse. you wish you had ambition or pride (umph) but the world is dull and disheartening and you find it hard to want anything in it. it's hard to be proud of yourself when the world gives you no opportunities to do things worth doing.
the ENTP guy who looks homeless and schizophrenic "talking with famous people"/host eric seemed ok.
how do you develop self-esteem?
By realizing that you deserve respect, and that your feelings and desires should be valued just as anyone else. Caring for yourself. Surround yourself with people that offer good things to you. Of course, there's a lot more to this, but those are the basic building blocks of self-esteem.
 it just seems like being nice or complacent and aloof gets you nowhere.
That's because it doesn't, lol. If you don't show any care for your well-being, then why should others? People will do whatever they want with you because you gave the green light for them to do so. It all starts with how you treat yourself, then other people around you will get the message. You could start by not forcing yourself into doing things you don't want to do.
Don't mistake normal self-esteem for being a destructive person. Someone who values themselves doesn't need to destroy others.
I was told that I have BPD by some meanies on discord and now I'm scared :c
you're right. that's sad. the only meaning and umph i've found was making myself suffer by moving in with my crazy mom, staying drunk, fighting with my mother, her kicking me out and climbing out of that absolute hellhole of suffering. now that i'm out and sober and have a steady job where everyone likes me, gf, my own place, transportation and such, i'm ironically less proud than i've ever been of myself. i climbed the self-made mountain and achieved success with help from others and there's nothing at the top. it's all boring now.
your mind shaped itself to survive and endure. once hardships pass, your mind isn't built to enjoy luxury and freedom. i know the feeling. i've spent all my spare time chasing more mountains and making the process of learning to enjoy luxury and freedom a hellish challenge to overcome. i don't know if that's an advisable strategy, but it's what i did.
men:
do you think it is important to know and/or develop the dark part of your mind? the "dark triad" so to speak, or the greed/lust/power hungry/sadism and egotistical part of your mind?
Yes, with coming to peace with such parts being of foremost importance. 
It'll bite you back to try and reject them completely - they'll re-bounce with extreme neuroses or psychoses, unlikely to offer anything of personally perceived value.
It'll bite you back to try and act on them as they are or for you to get under their control - for that would be to miss the purpose that could be found and understood in them for you, your mind, your psyche.
In a way, knowing that you're just capable of acting on such parts isn't enough for a meaningful conclusion. As I assess, the key is to understand why, exactly, you WOULDN'T act on them, and why &amp; how you COULD act on them under certain conditions - is the key for doors that lead (You) to adjustments for consistent congruence with (You)r psyche's parts that you got involved within your awareness. Plus there's nothing to prevent you from setting conditions to something completely unlikely, and there's nothing to prevent you to shift goalposts if the conditions were met. Too much of involvement of logical fallacies for your taste? If you're worried about being rational over it: there's no rationality in completely avoiding irrationality.
And, speaking in purely practical values, any mindset may have its situational uses, at least within the mind.
That checks out with "auxiliary looping" for "Se+Te," if you're interested.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72848392/#72866993
Why, thanks. I don't really have the luxury for boring NEETing.
The right NLP bots if you use the right prompts...
first and fourth character "sprite"(!) is reused but with different face and shade
second and last frame are reused
Manga has fallen, billions must draw.
now that i'm out and sober and have a steady job where everyone likes me, gf, my own place, transportation and such, i'm ironically less proud than i've ever been of myself. i climbed the self-made mountain and achieved success with help from others and there's nothing at the top. it's all boring now.
It sounds like it was a mountain you didn't even want to climb in the first place. Accomplishing things you truly want from the bottom of your heart should bring you joy. But just doing things for the sake of it, without any genuine drive to do them, will only make you feel empty. Do you truly want all the things you have right now? Do any of them make you feel joy?
It's actually nice that you took the effort and time to discover that you could accomplish all of that, but clinging to something that doesn't make you feel anything will just make you miserable.
I know all of my problems but I simply don't fix them because uh ummmm uhhh it isn't actually a problem
Addict behavior, tsk tsk tsk.
Everything you said is well and good but I need to ask - what do you want? Like, out of life? If it's just being not like the other girls that's valid and also hot but claiming moral superiority at the same time gives me an icky feeling. You can't have your cake and eat it too you know. Also idk if you're speaking from experience or not but not every medication should be indiscriminately rejected, if you haven't you should at least try the ones that cause limited dependency and see what's it's like before you knock 'em.
do you think it is important to know and/or develop the dark part of your mind? the "dark triad" so to speak, or the greed/lust/power hungry/sadism and egotistical part of your mind?
Know? Sure, otherwise your desires will influence you unwittingly. There was a Jung quote about that I think. Develop? No, that's unpleasant. Just set boundaries. I mean, I'm sort of a pushover, but at the end of the day it all boils down to violence. Be bigger, if you're not bigger be louder, and if that doesn't work be ruthless. Though idk how to help you with the self-esteem stuff.
spells doom for my future
oh well
Hey, it's not like the world ends, you know? You won't discover what you truly want if you sit in the same place for eternity. You need to do things, try things, to find out what you truly want and what you truly like. But letting go is also part of that self-discovery.
Also, this post is very true >>73047338 you've spent so much time surviving that you don't know how to live. To me, is still pretty amazing you managed to get this far, so at the very least, that is a testament to your determination and perseverance (and don't say it isn't, because it is). Be kind to yourself, you deserve it after all you've been through.
i think i personally just need to suffer over and over. it's the only thing i enjoy because i'm in so much pain or stress that it makes me do things i otherwise wouldn't or couldn't. otherwise i sit here stagnant and rot. i'm jealous of people who are emotional, driven and impulsive.
Do you truly want all the things you have right now? Do any of them make you feel joy?
no. it all just feels like work. i like hanging out with my gf and laughing because it's a nice distraction from loneliness and boredom but that's about it in terms of that. even sex feels like work and is a point of insecurity.
as someone who has suffered over and over, shut up retard. you're sad and aimless, like billions of people. i want you to feel better, but sinking into melodrama isn't going to help. you weren't better when you were miserable, everything just seemed more important when everything was a threat; you miss things having urgency. attack your inability to adapt, don't just return to the coal mine because it's all you know. that's giving up, that's cowardly, and you should know better.
no. it all just feels like work. i like hanging out with my gf and laughing because it's a nice distraction from loneliness and boredom but that's about it in terms of that. even sex feels like work and is a point of insecurity.
Well, you have a couple of options here. You stick around, hoping that someday, by chance, all of these things will finally bring you joy. Or you can let them go, and find out if they truly mean something to you. But you need to find something that you truly desire, no matter how long it takes you. It doesn't need to be ambition, it can be a dream, or simply inner peace. Have faith that you will find it if you give yourself time.
But the bottom of the line is: things won't change unless you do something. Gather the courage to take a decision. But your emptiness will only grow bigger if you sit and wait for things to sort themselves out. You're already starting to resent yourself for it.
I hope this pepe cheers you up!
There are two kinds of women.
The [regular above] / [regular] dichotomy says a lot about our society
GET
OUT
OF
MY
WALLS
AND
JOIN
ME
FOR
T E A
ALSO YOU DISGRACED MY 
above
Real take
You can talk normally motherfucker
do you think it is important to know and/or develop the dark part of your mind?
It's more important than important. It's required. That is part of the path of some sort of mental journey, especially for men. But it's not an easy path, or the path of least resistance, by a large margin. It's much closer to a battle with multiple demons at once, and the cost of loss is quite heavy. So many people decide to not even embark on the journey.
because uh ummmm uhhh it isn't actually a problem
Nope, that's not the reason. You know, some things do not have cures. The best you can do is manage symptoms. 
what do you want?
To be whole. But it's impossible because God is a miserable asshole who decided to ship his puzzle fractionated and missing key pieces. 
claiming moral superiority
I am not the one who is morally superior. There is an entity that exists above and outside of me that embodies objectively true morality. That objectively true morality is superior, and anyone who doesn't align with it is a blasphemer and a heretic, which makes them inferior. I'm not superior, they are inferior. I'm 0 they're -1. I'm not better than them, they're worse than me. Big difference.
not every medication should be indiscriminately rejected
False.
I think you should unironically get your T levels checked if you haven't. There might be something wrong, and I'm saying this with pure concern and all that shit, not trying to insult you in any way. Don't know how to help you otherwise, you'll have to be the one to pick your next goals and achievements to chase (probably fixing this problem for one, I suggest doing more research onto what's exactly going on here cause it's not really normal at all)
your type
your favourite type of grain entrapment
Damn. INFJ-A really is mentally ill, huh. It feels impossible to reason with someone this trapped in an alternate reality.
No, blasphemer, it is you who is mentally ill.
I hope everyone has a restful sleep, and sweet dreams!
I don't know who you are, but I hope my advice still helped.
I agree with this!
Steretypical Se-groid confusing their anger issues and trauma with the human nature
Unfortunately common.
Also why are you asking cops and military about this?
The two professions that attract the most psychopaths and anti-socials.
Pubs are so disgusting. You can assemble all these people into a room and you could be doing anything. Solving math problems or playing board games or idk, but the only option on display is irresponsible drinking. My stinky NEET older brother threw up 5 times while we stumbled home.
I just installed Revolut and then linked it to Google Pay and waved my phone at things to pay for them for a majority of purchases. It's all very convenient you just have to accept being a souless cow-man and hand over your data. What I found more disturbing is that to sleep anywhere you have to let them take a photo of your passport. Also being subject to random identity checks at any time, it kind of makes me want to throw my passport in the bin.
It's more interesting to end up in some piss-soaked alley
I guess I forgot to mention the designated shitting corner in rome. You don't have to go far to find piss soaked alley ways when there's almost no public toilets.
I meant socially. But you are right that is what most people there seem to be intending on. So much for "The Journey being the reward" lol. Nice get.
Literal Roman Emporer tells people they need very little
Many such cases.
Myeh myeh you're a rich roman emperor tho
If he was poor you'd say he's just coping, there's no winning with faggots like you
INFP
How can you be entrapped in grain, just eat your way out
your type
INTJ
what are your greatest strengths?
When something happens, I accept it immediately. Never in shock. I can think clearly and act accordingly because of that. Another strength is always seeing the positive in a situation. Like, my sister gets so fucking upset when things do go as she plans. But me? If something happens, I just enjoy whatever happens next. Like, she parked us infield in daytona for motocross. We had the LONGEST walk possible to the entrance and then to get to our seats. She thought we would have the shortest. I didn't care. So what?!? Let's walk :) She was pissed. Oh man, never sweat the small shit!
what are your greatest flaws?
Start things, don't finish them. I was ruined after being discharged from the Navy. It was what I wanted to do for life. Now I have no sleep schedule, don't workout, I can't fix stuff in a reasonable time. No motivation to do anything.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I don't know what an INTJ stereotype would be.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
If anyone even approached me to begin talking, I would just tell them to go away. I don't like people anymore.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
The end of it. Kinda sick of life. 34 yrs old
That's Joe Dirt. And that's just an RV septic tank.
bumper cars
bumper boats
bumper planes
Skinamarink is a masterpiece
t. INFP
your type
textbook ENTP
what are your greatest strengths?
I'm really smart and able to come up with a solution to everything.
what are your greatest flaws?
I can be quite mean sometimes to people without noticing I'm being an asshole.
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
I get easily bored, I'm quite arrogant sometimes but I don't really get into debates that often, only about stuff I care about but I don't know how to debate correctly LMAO. 
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
I'm not a great person I don't think I should be followed even thought my ego thanks you.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
Being confortable with my own life, doing what I want till I die.
do you think it is important to know and/or develop the dark part of your mind? the "dark triad" so to speak, or the greed/lust/power hungry/sadism and egotistical part of your mind?
No. Although we're human with the nature of individualism, we must strive to be collective and help each other without fear of persecution by the gov. Hendoistic lust is retarded and does not promote stable family and labour values, greed is one of the worst offenders and to me comes from people who are utter mid-wit snobs or want to take advantage of others. TL;DR I might be a bit on the sociopathic side but overall I don't want to take advantage of people and I'm not greedy, I either just don't care or have major concern with a lack of collective thinking with people
your type
INTJ
your favourite type of grain entrapment
Bridge because thats some loony tunes shit
I meant socially
Most people in uni are fucked in their head, avoid them and focus on studies
your type
what 3 regulars would you rape
Non cause i'd imagine they all have some nasty disease i don't want to catch
attempt to rape rxy
she ends up raping you and giving you an STD
how many stds does each regular have
What would happen with other regulars?
How did Ni become known as this mastermind type when it was described as the type to get caught in fantasies / being artistic and being more schizo-like?
homura
she apologizes for seducing you
I - contemplative 
N - knows how shit will go down
Once in a blue moon a Ni dominant is born that also has any amount of motivation, purpose, and initiative, and whenever that happens they are all sorry
How many masterminds actually exist in the real world? Most stratagems and logic is short in the scheme of things, when there are few players. What does a mastermind look like?
Wtf I need to use a microsoft account to play minecraft on PC now? I was thinking about how the last attempts at an mbti server failed and since the obvious answer was "bedrock" I thought maybe a beta or even alpha server might have more promise to it. Of course then I'd have to figure out how to actually run a server but I don't think that far ahead, right now I'm upset over not even being able to play minecraft without jumping through Bill Gates hoops.
Myres Briggs did it.
Also my stinky NEET older brother is on the happy pills and has an overseas life partner now. So of course he has ambitions of going to college and moving out now so that could be very good.
There's definitely something wrong with you. You alternate between nice and mean multiple times a day. You aren't trustworthy or safe.
how exactly does a robot own an apartment?
guys, he's not a literal robot. It's an internet term to describe lonely people 
why are we here?
he said we wants for someone co come over and watch a movie
what movie are we watching
uhhhh
*door opens*
your type?
your actions?
bonus questions: their types?
Holy heck it's Chuck, ENFJ-senpai, Centaur and Soapie! My favourite e-celebs!
I let them all in except for the black one
Horray! I made the list! Me!
Stfu Sophie. Cope seethe and dilate
missed this post.
Because you captured the essence of the idea you were trying to convey nearly perfectly
kek, so communicating well is an intuitive trait? i disagree. word pictures specifically are a very TiSe behavior. tying the conceptual to the physical makes it easier to digest.
drawing a line in the dirt
i only have to do it once. the first time i encounter a concept and solve it, the line is drawn. i never have to do it again. you describe your thinking as constant.
aiming process
i think, it's just not words. concepts are communicated in my mind, but there are no words. that's all. think of how a telepathic alien with no concept of human language would think, and be able to beam ideas into peoples heads, regardless of their language. i think like that.
was it always like that
at one point i was told what to want. when i stopped having someone tell me what to do, i didn't want anything except the basic biological urges everyone has.
do you want to want something
i feel like i should want something.
that metaphor wasn't me
word people are 'other'
if you are saying you are not a word person, why are you confused about my aiming process? what is your aiming process?
https://pastebin.com/M1bFAJKV
is enfj-senpai a stacy?
If she's a big fish she wouldn't be in such a small pond.
If she was a big fish she wouldn't be in such a small pond.
She has the looks of one. Easy 10
Are you implying she was abducted as a child and then forced to live on r9k's mbti board where her only option is to entertain and excite low value incels?
Why would I ever confess to such a crime. No, of course not.
Or are you just comparing to a whale for other reasons?
Has shr actually posted a selfie here? Where?
Breeder: rapes you instead
Chuck: kills you in self-defense
Megumin: rapes you instead, then kills you
ENFJ-senpai: maybe talks herself out of the situation and flees if that fails
INTJfemboi: talks about science all the time
Turbie: has a panic attack and cries uncontrollably before anything happens, and if you keep going, commits suicide right after the act
Sophie: happily lets you rape him and gives you an STD
Centaur: lets you rape him because he finally becomes a sex haver
Mr. Bump: tricks you with a bump and flees before anything happens
Movie guy: will add a reference to the incident to his screenplay
Wrong on ENFJ
In reality she talks herself into thinking it was consensual.
your type
intp
what are your greatest strengths?
so scared of failure that I force myself to be successful, I guess that's ambition
what are your greatest flaws?
lazy and socially inept / dislike socialising
which stereotypes of your type apply to you and which don't?
all of them except the not taking a shower one, I shower every day
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
when making life decisions, always have a long-term plan in mind
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
I want to be safe and secure in a fairly well paying career that I'm highly qualified for so I'll never lack for work
Holy moly, the androgynous one with scraggly hair that looks half dead is super heckin cute. Would give headpats.
your type?
INFJ-A
your actions?
Obviously let them in so we can watch stupid old movies and laugh at how terrible they are.
bonus questions: their types?
Left to right:
ISFJ, IxTP, ESTP, and Centaur. 
so communicating well is an intuitive trait?
Oh, no, no, quite the opposite more often than not, due to the fact that everything is represented as metaphors and analogies. The manner in which you communicated it is intuitive, though.
you describe your thinking as constant.
My thinking is constant in the sense that after I draw the lines and let the water flow, it flows to a new place that has no drawn lines, and the force of the water flowing creates new lines, and that just keeps happening. Whereas for you, it seems to be more like a "closed loop", where the water flows towards a specific location, namely a "solution to a problem". Once you have that solution, you lay pipes where the water flowed and turn it into a machine that can solve specific problems on demand, just add water.
a telepathic alien
Lel. Relatable analogy.
i feel like i should want something.
Then why don't you? What's holding you back from wanting things?
what is your aiming process?
I wasn't confused about yours, I just wanted to see what the mechanism you use in place of words was. For me, n the simplest terms, brain pictures and feelings (not emotions). Ideas and concepts instantaneously pop into existence, somewhere in the idea there is an anchor point that I am tethered to and I move freely around the idea as new images spawn in my periphery. One of the images will have a meaning I can feel, and the tether to the old idea shatters and either disappears, or re-tethers to the new image. 
Wear what makes you comfortable, not what makes other people happy. If you have to become something you're not in order to attract friends, you don't want those friends.
If you have to become something you're not in order to attract friends, you don't want those friends.
You've changed your tone! How come I have to do a pushup to find a WF but big chungus gets to just "do what makes them comfortable:)"?
obviously because he's parasocially in love with her
I mean, we all are, but is it really parasocial if she talks back to him?
It's heavily well-documented that chuck does not view online socialization in that way, so yes it can be argued that it's still parasocial. Not that anon
Sophie is not that easy
the way you communicated is intuitive
elaborate
your river keeps going, mine reaches a destination
sounds right
why don't you want something
what would i want? what do you want? what drives you? from what ive observed, people are driven by discomfort and inconvenience an hunger. they want things so they can be comfortable. sometimes the hunger is excessive, and it becomes ambition. i do not have ambition, and my life could get fifty times worse and i'd still largely be comfortable because i'm not used to luxury.
i wanted to see what the mechanism you use was
the mechanism may well just be raw, untethered TiSe power. words are a midpoint transformation between information in and understanding out. things exist; i Se them. Ti uses that immediately, no transformation of data needed. aimless pondering not included.
dress to be comfy, not to people please
sentimental, missing the point. i am scientifically testing what people respond to in order to discover why i get zero positive results from attempts at socialization. i also don't particularly like what i currently wear. it's just the most simple solution to the problem of 'what should i wear'. like you said, i solved it, and never reassessed or thought further, even if it wasn't the best possible solution.
likely subconscious bias towards letting women be pussies and wanting men to suffer for any success. i get vastly different responses when anonposting.
kek. i treat you all like voices in my head. because i have no inner voice to discuss things with i borrow you. nobody here is real. if i am ever desperate enough to start making online friends and give up on reality, i'd likely be thirty, alcoholic, and miserable.
parasocial is a new word. neat. i wouldn't call anything here a parasocial relationship because there is no intimacy or effort on any side, it's just thoughts put to text. if posters become fanatical about other posters, i would call that idolization. or delusion.
nobody here is real. if i am ever desperate enough to start making online friends and give up on reality, i'd likely be thirty, alcoholic, and miserable.
Your opinions alternate between 10/10 "Chuck said it perfectly" masterful takes, and 0/10 "wow there's not even a little bit of truth to any of that" shit takes. Online friends are based.
denied that (You)
no effort
I've been posting less precisely because it takes me considerable effort.
i did not say online friends aren't real friends anon, i said i don't see any posters here as real people. i mean that literally. i do not percieve you. i'm not friends with anybody. i like some of you, but there is no familiarity, no closeness. i do not know how you smell or recognize the sound of your walk. i don't know the texture of your palms. i don't know what your laugh sounds like. you are words and names, and that's exactly as real as fictional book characters in my perception. 
i don't want online friends because i am deeply and violently lonely, and i know for certain that if i found people over the internet, i would hole up in my room and spend as much time as i could with them. i'd never get around to improving my real life and my only goal in life would be failed. it's also intimidating. i'm also very emotionally immature, as well as volatile from a biological standpoint. i would be a terrible friend, more of a nuisance you have to run maintenance on, and i would bring others down with me. i am responsible enough to refuse to do that to anyone.
posting takes effort, but the effort put in isn't going towards constructing the foundation of a relationship. it's not the same as having long conversations, learning about each other, investing emotionally. that was my point.
that was my point.
I can agree. It's not worth it to me anymore because of it's impermanence.
it's more permanent than talking to someone in real life, thanks to the archives. are you sure it's not because it pays no returns? impermanence is a trait many worthwhile things have, but 4chan gives you nothing back unless it's self derived, and that seems more like a reason to quit.
all the semen i've splurged to chuck is impermanent
 the effort put in isn't going towards constructing the foundation of a relationship. it's not the same as having long conversations, learning about each other, investing emotionally.
All the time I've spent in this general, I don't feel I know anyone at all. Sure you learn little snippets, like a particular fruit. But there's no branches or tree. Just the snippet. In some ways I feel quite alone in this general. It feels like a theme park after hours with all the gags and scenes animating as they would do for any movement passing by, I don't have a name so I don't expect the attractions to know me. I come here and stare into it, like I normally do, with the acts running by. I think I only really get to know myself in this place.
yeah i think thats only natural considering the nature of this place....
that's because the regulars are so shallow and one-dimensional. turbie is always cute. resident polack is always smart. isfp sophie hater always hates sophie. infj-a is always arguing. enfj-senpai is always mommy. breeder is always cool. one time this thread said fictional characters can't be typed but cartoon characters have more depth than any reg. we need a new generation of regulars, regs that have more than one personality trait.
If i keep putting the word "parasocial" in my posts will anons here think i'm intelligent?
dude it was just a description
we dont need regulars at all
The context is different, very, very different. I didn't tell you to change your clothes, I said change your behavior. You asked "how do I find waifu?" and I said "Become the thing waifu wants, get stronk both mentally, physically and develop your character." and you said "WAAAAAAAAH!! NO THAT'S TOO HARD! :("
You both are doing, or trying to do the same thing in concept, which is trying to make a superficial change. You want to make one surface level change and magically get a GF, that isn't possible. Chonk wants to make a literal surface level change, in clothing, in order to gain friends. While it may be possible, it is ill-advised; as, the relationships that will come from it will likely be equally as shallow as the change, resulting in feeling even more like a fish out of water.
love
Keep your sticky, swamp-like lewd words to yourself. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrwT3bhRz8M [Embed]
elaborate
It's very common for you to use a not entirely connected representation of your ideas. You're very metaphorical, even though the metaphors you use are often concrete and sensation based. Such as hunger. The concept of word pictures is in its very nature intuitive, especially when those pictures are very non-literal, abstract representations. 
what would i want? 
Well... You seem to want a real friend, but there is something deeper than that, which I don't have words for. The better question is, why won't you let yourself want things?
what do you want? 
I want to explore things, ideas, and people, so that maybe I can find the odd resonant object that continuously pulls me towards it.
i am scientifically testing
I understood that. The thing you're testing is largely unrelated to the cause of your problem, most of the data you will acquire will be pseudo-random-interference. You're at the top of a skyscraper you've never been in with a metal detector looking for the pair of shoes you lost at home 2 years ago.
What are INFJ-A's thoughts on George Washington, Ronald Reagan, Jimmy Carter, and Donald Trump?
To be considered a regular, you need to get recognized, to get recognized, you need to be recognizable, and for that you need to stick to certain tropes, themes, patterns and so on, as in have repeated ways in how you express yourself, be it your writing style, opinions etc. 
In that sense, survivorship bias will come into play, if ones posts are dynamic, constantly shifting into different shapes, you wont notice its the same person behind the posts, so "regulars" will naturally appear more "one-dimensional" compared to big anon 
I posted anonymously way before using a trip, and still do, and I never became a "regular" when I did/do so
recognizables would likely be the more fitting word here, as clearly most anons are regularly posting here, you just dont notice
Yes. I meant impermanence in relation to the individual's life, I'm just speaking from Fi.
It's scorpio stereotype to see no purpose investing time and emotion in unreliable externals.
*sqquuuuiiinnnnt*
A reminder to the tripfags in this thread: ALL anons want you dead
If it were up to them you would all be lined up against a wall and shot. Remember this if you think you have any hope. Even if one of them fakes being nice they still want you dead
A reminder to the tripfags in this thread: ALL anons want you dead
If it were up to them you would all be lined up against a wall and shot. Remember thiis if you think you have any hope. Even if one of them fakes being nice they still want you dead
(You)
well most anons are by default recognizable depending on how much they get into their core philosophies but yeah
i find i have the same interactions here time and time again and i'm not even recognizable
i understand the feeling, but on a certain level, that's really the point of this place. most everywhere, if you show up regularly, you'll build bonds and grow closer. anonymity removes that natural progression. sorry if you wanted more than you've gotten.
word pictures
you are an intuitive and think word pictures are intuitive. i am a sensor and thing word pictures are sensory. this probably means it's equal parts in both, which is also probably why they're such a useful communication tool.
why won't you let yourself want things
i am not holding myself back. desires don't manifest.
i want to explore
why
skyscraper
analogy failed, i have no idea what you're saying. evidence word pictures are sensory, possibly.
as in you want to have more of an impact on others or as in you want others to have more of an impact on you? or do you just dislike anonymous crossroads.
I have no idea about political party preference, but Se/Ni users tend to have more progressive beliefs, and Si/Ne users tend to have more conservative ones. The former group tends to have perspectives of the world, and will promote changes that fit with their vision. The latter group have things they want to avoid, keep, or reintroduce.
Can't say much about religious beIiefs because it's not something I've looked into much.
Ran out of text, more on clothes:
If you don't like what you wear, wouldn't it be a more wise experiment to try a bunch of different clothes on to see how you like them? Rather than being focused on how other people receive your clothing? That's more of the point I was trying to make.
Don't change your clothes because you want other people to like them, change them because you want to like them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHSaEPVSVEE [Embed]
But you're not real. You're just text on a screen. You may as well be a character in a book that someone wrote. 
you are words and names, and that's exactly as real as fictional book characters in my perception.
Get out of my head.
i don't want online friends
But, couldn't online friends help alleviate some of that deep loneliness so that you can manage your real life problems easier? You know, like a friend-lite, or learning to ride your bike with training wheels.
I don't really pay attention to presidents. Drumpf is pretty based though.
most everywhere, if you show up regularly, you'll build bonds and grow closer. anonymity removes that natural progression. sorry if you wanted more than you've gotten.
if regulars did not like somebody before they are not suddenly going to love them because said person uploads pictures of the same anime girl on all their posts
Are you sure you're typed correctly? I don't mean to sound misogynistic, but women generally aren't very intelligent, so it's harder for them to figure out their type than it is for men.
intelligence==introspection
I'm misogynistic as fuck and I find you retarded
a foid?? in my general??
What ENFJ traits does ENFJ-senpai have?
charter limit is gay
this posts type is LightNess
https://youtu.be/B8q6Gnpyg1U [Embed]
ive been listing to this song while watching this gif. i like to see them sync up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5-3eFo6owE [Embed]
https://pastebin.com/XCQkG4gT
pastbin wont let me say inbred
i really respect this. i feel it would be disrespectful to them to pretend we are all anything more than each others fantasy. really this whole site is just an incredibly in-bread mcyoa.
i see /mbti/ as /mBusti/. its like we are all a bunch of stranger that just happen to get on the same bus every day and some of us just happen to never shut the fuck up. making friends on the bus isnt wise, but is possible; and all the bus people are still people, but they are also still bus people. anyway. i think get what you mean about the separation you feel is necessary.
someone who can stomach being on camera ought to start a bob ross like woodworking show
https://puzzle.aggie.io/HoZPzz
did we not just talk about this?
all patterns get recognized in time. if i posted the same with out a trip i would still get recognized all the time because of my very distant writing style and image choice; anyone who posted a puzzle would just be assumed to be me and "puzzle anon" would end up just like mister bump. a few weeks ago an anon told me i would regret name fagging. i never responded because they went into some idealism about the anonymity of the platform and how working out whos who is part of the fun. this is my response to that. in a small space like /mbti/ you will become a "reg" if you have a personality or anything neat tricks. might as well beat the swarm to the sweets and name your self.
friends-lite
there's no such thing as sorta-affectionate. i will either care for people immensely or i will not have them in my life. if i had online friends i wouldn't ever have a point where i'd be comfortable saying 'you have served your purpose, goodbye'. so it's either full commitment or full avoidance.
also, i don't enjoy the internet. i don't do much outside of mbti and tf2.
i wasn't talking anon vs identityfag, i was talking 4chan vs real life. these posts are all anonymous, no matter how much someone identityfags. if i stopped posting today, nobody would ever know what happened to me or be able to track me down. we are not in each others lives like more concrete relationships are.
if it helps, it was a man who guessed my type before i took any tests, kek
I'm also very emotionally immature
I've been trying to keep out of throwing my hat into the ring here but does your therapist agree with you on that?
A reminder to the gentiles in this thread: ALL jews want you dead
If it were up to them you would all be lined up against a wall and shot. Remember this if you think you have any hope. Even if one of them fakes being nice they still want you dead
Jews absolutely do not want all gentiles dead. They wouldn't be special then.
i didnt get to call you ass.
ass
Why would you call me ass? I'm trying to help you here, just doing what you want.
Their talmud book literally reads : Total gentile death. Kill gentiles. Behead gentiles. Roundhouse kick a gentile down into the concrete. Etc
Are you sure you didn't read Mein Kampf instead by accident?
mad cuz called out
/mBusti/
thats cause we have sophie and enfj senpai
[placeholder]
I am confused as to how much you are suggesting some people *try* to be stereotypical on purpose to become known personalities, or if you are instead just highlighting how those patterns lend to people becoming known personalities here. I think specifically the 
survivorship bias
line and you mentioning how you weren't/aren't treated like a regular without a tripcode are throwing me off. Except the survivorship bias line seemingly would clarify what I'm asking? I guess I don't entirely know why I'm confused but I'm still confused.
Could you please clarify from which end you're saying things begin? :o3c It seems that you are saying it's a matter of natural consequence, but I'm still not sure.
Oh, maybe what's confusing me is just the amalgamation of additional opinions aside from yours freshly bumping around in my head, combined with me not having processed my own opinion or observation through the input these additional perspectives provide? Anyways
Are they one-dimensional or are do you struggle to connect to their soul essence beyond the words, the likes, dislikes, and blanks between? The person behind the personality and/or persona? Don't mean to come across snooty. It's difficult in a virtual space. There's more to each side is all I'm trying to get into
If you want something, you need to give something of equal or greater value. Social interaction is just alchemy. 
this probably means it's equal parts in both
You're probably right. Maybe that's the real difference between sensation and intuition, the tangibility of the content in their word pictures.
desires don't manifest.
If zero desires manifest, you're clearly preventing yourself from desiring things, albeit most likely subconsciously, there really isn't another option. I'm fairly sure the reason you do it is related to what you said about not wanting online friends. "Wanting things just leaves me vulnerable."
why
So that I may find the missing resonant object that I seek, in order to absorb and incorporate it into me to finish building my internal-brain-machine so I can finally throw away this old radio that needs to be tuned by hand.
analogy failed,
Damn.
I had a strong feeling you'd take it that way, I didn't mean it in the sense of "throwaway friends". I meant it in the sense that you allow yourself to fully commit to it, to a healthy level, and allow it to be real. You don't throw away your bike when you're done with your training wheels. You just take off the training wheels and it becomes a full, actualized, real bike.
I don't think anyone enjoys the internet... People who say they do are liars.
Sorry... What?
:(
oops sorry, that reply was meant for hucklberry finn, I always miss my Yous up
I don't think anyone enjoys the internet... People who say they do are liars.
This might shock you, but you can be wrong sometimes, and you are wrong on this.
or are do you
a-durrrrr
but you can be wrong sometimes
Critical error! My programming prohibits me from processing statements that go against my infallible nature.
same except its my own infallible nature
I think you are missing the point, social interaction here is like eating rice cakes.
kek based
Whar are your thoughts on pizza and barbrcue?
So much music evokes memories of past times, good and bad, whether its just having listened to it at that time, or being directly connected to people, its a strange feeling, comfort, beauty, pain and ugliness all intermixxed
As a question to any of those who read this, what's some of the coolest characters and people who are labeled your personality type
I like bladee a lot, music and lyrics make me feel bright and open
Except for that noone comes to mind really, almost all infps seem to be whiny and boring, but I will just blame pdb and pretend all the cool people I like actually are infp so its fine
I like Sophie and I am jealous of not having a dedicated hater
Personally I am very volatile in about every sense, so I didnt ever and dont think I would get recognized without my cool name that totally doesnt mean a chicken in spanish
Yeah thats kind of what im alluding to, if its not the trip its the writing/image style getting recognized, but when I post anonymously I am aware of my exaggerated comma and cat usage so I dont do that when I dont want to be
And directly making yourself recognizable by a trip is about the same thing to using distinct writing styles/ image usage either way
They might not even be aware they are doing it, but I think its a thing that happens, some innate desire to get recognized, motivating them to use specific writing styles and so on
Also seems like a cognitive dissonance thing where one might hold up the value of the nature of anonymity of this site, yet engaging in behaviors that directly oppose that (by making themselves recognizable anyways)
I like Sophie and I am jealous of not having a dedicated hater
why? does he even do anything besides argue with people? he's like a more insidious and disingenuous infj-a. infj-a is at least honest and doesn't put on airs.
the immoralist
wikipedia (i love wikipedia. best website) says that it's about a gay man with tuberculosis who falls in love with a bunch of young boys. there's hedonism and religion involved, and a character named marceline who gets pregnant and then dies of tuberculosis. this sounds like a shit story.
have you tried much art
i used to write poetry. i was pretty good at it for the same reason i'm good at word pictures, but i didnt really enjoy the process or result. when i'm emotional i dig holes and break rocks instead.
repeating
hate it
goodwill
already shop occasionally. the issue is i buy things that would be at home in army surplus or things i would never wear outside.
bus analogy
sure, that works
he never agrees with my phrasing but beneath the doublespeak, i think he does. he's said that i attach myself too quickly to new people in my life and that i have difficulty with intermediate boundary setting; i can avoid something entirely, but once i give an inch, it all collapses, and i often don't even notice that.
i looked into emotional development on my own time and found this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erikson%27s_stages_of_psychosocial_development
which is related to attachment theory. i think i began maladapting as early as stage three and went further and further off course since then. deconstructing and reconstructing those concepts is a tedious process that may or may not be possible.
at first i didn't believe you but all i've seen from sophie for the past 6 months now has been bitter anger
i wish he would go back to his old self
he's said that i attach myself too quickly to new people in my life and that i have difficulty with intermediate boundary setting
tfw no brown clingy gf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-FDFsHA20w [Embed]
TFW no bowsette waifu
Beep boop, you are just a human. You are fallible by nature.
Together? Or as separate things?
Barbecue is good, but I'm not a huge fan of pork, and a lot of barbecue is pork.
Pizza is also really good, and my favorite pizza is a good white pizza with chicken or Pineapple and ham. because it reminds me of my childhood.
I don't think barbeque belongs on pizza though, maybe unless it's like some barbeque chicken or something like that.
not if i ignore hard enough
Why would you want to lie to yourself in such a manner, though?
Seems like a sweetie to me
I dont mind INFJ-A either, just isnt tickling my dingly really, centaur used to but I stopped taking things as serious and stopped caring really
it's not lying, it's just keeping yourself safe in a little box
You're lying to yourself that you're safe in that comfy little cardboard box surrounded by monsters with razor sharp claws.
I think growing up is not to be reporting to others. Sharing doesn't matter so much outside of mind.
what am i gonna do, go out there and get ripped to shreds?
absolutely not
INFJ-A is kind of like Princess Peach.
you're clearly holding yourself back
i don't think i ever learned how to desire things to begin with. this isn't a self imposed restriction; i am very aware of all of those, because i create them intentionally. if it's a subconscious holdover, it's not something i made or can unmake.
i seek for self actualization
well thats a big picture desire. i have a desire for self improvement and actualization too, but i don't want things in a non existential normie way. i dislike being lonely and i spend all of this time trying to socialize and make friends, but i couldn't tell you what i would want my friends to be like, what i would want to do with them, or if i would even actively seek out time spent with them. mostly i think it upsets me to think im not capable, and i want the cure for the mental unpleasantness that is solitude. i dont like hunger but i don't desire specific meals or flavors, it's all the same to me. i have the urge to remove negative stimuli but i have no spark in my mind that makes me want to gain positive stimuli for the sake of it.
in the beginning of the year i tried everything i could imagine to self improov. i stopped posting and went places. i went to a church, i volunteered at a bunch of different wildlife shelters, i paid for surfing lessons. none of my attempts ended with any social contacts made, and none of the experiences made me very happy. for the most part, i think i am waging a war against the idea that i'm just like this forever. i want to believe i can fix myself. i will continue to throw out guesses as to what is wrong until i run out of guesses.
NIGGA IS THAT BOWSER FROM SUPER FUCKING MARIO WITH TITS
Somehow, another sleepless night. How?
I need an alarm not to wake up but to go to sleep, I think.
your type
India November
what are your greatest strengths?
I think and do things and they happen.
what are your greatest flaws?
Oof. This is a flaw that I can't exactly put it to words.
what advice would you give to someone who looks up to you?
They could spend their time better looking into themselves.
what do you ultimately want to accomplish or experience in life?
It isn't exactly that I want to be fully independent or self-sufficient, but I want to be able to say I didn't let anyone or anything but my own will consume my spirit and energy. I roughly have a direction to my life, and I wish not to go astray.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've got a very good impression of you,
No need to be sorry. I didn't mean that in a depressive way, though I know the way I wrote it lends itself to that.
That spoiler is effectively the introspection abyss I so curiously look into. There is a twisted thrill as there is with looking down the ledge from high places. The adrenaline from "what if I jumped?" is the emotion in that spoiler.
Of course, not that I would jump.
and unless you kill puppies or commit war crimes, that impression will remain as it is.
I mean, thanks, that's a strong trust in the character of someone anonymous.
i am not good at emotional support.
The intent is enough at times like these.
you seem upset or unhappy. i disapprove. you seem good. i think you should be content.
Relatively speaking, I should be happier in that post than the previous one.
I've marked a milestone, someone said nice things about me, I made a cheap joke; there are many perspectives.
that's all i got.
Straight to the point, I like it.
kek. i treat you all like voices in my head.
Now I'm imagining you trying to talk to a very loud jet engine when we converse.
(i love wikipedia. best website)
it's a cool website but remember that if u search up anything political like the hitler page for example that you can't take anything in there at face value, cause it might be lies from the government
good night to the anon who was doing my puzzle. sorry i took so long making tea. speaking of: i made a new tea drink.
i call it burnt boutique. mix aurora blue and bohea at a 1:1 tilde ratio; add some foamed milk and honey; charge twenty bucks for a twelve ounce cup.
read barrie https://puzzle.aggie.io/FJzl7b
nuh, uh, uhhh, he falls in love with "their health".
i said the same thing. ive just been read it out of obligation; now im not. whatever. what have you really got to lose by reading it? worst case you go "wow. that was even worse than i thought. im never talking to that retard anonzzle again" and miss out on hours of life wasting, alliterative, family fun.
i used to write poetry. i was pretty good at it for the same reason i'm good at word pictures, but i didnt really enjoy the process or result. when i'm emotional i dig holes and break rocks instead.
i mean a physical art. like oil painting, woodworking, or sculpting. maybe draw in the dirt.
hate it
https://youtu.be/bZBmcSBoRAE [Embed]
already shop occasionally. the issue is...
that tracks
i can avoid something entirely, but once i give an inch, it all collapses, and i often don't even notice that.
there is a lot of maturity in knowing that. even more in taking steps to mange your environment. i feel like your not "there" yet but are well on your way.
he
whats it like having a man shrink?
 https://pastebin.com/M1bFAJKV
I think the root of the problem is the fear of people forming an image of who you are based on how you dress, creating an expectation, and the fear that you won't be able to live up to that expectation, and then being called a "liar", right?
What I can advise you about that is... that you're not responsible for the version of yourself that people make in their own minds. When it comes to clothing, it can for sure be a message of self-expression, but you, and only you get to decide what is the message (or if there's a message at all), not other people. Say, if you dress up a certain way and someone makes up expectations about you in their mind, if those expectations aren't fulfilled, aren't they the ones to blame for that? You never agreed to their assumptions, never accepted them, so why would it fall on you to be responsible for that? The truth is, you'll be exhausted trying to predict and control what other people assume about you. And they will, regardless of what you wear, what you say, or what you do.
I wouldn't avoid someone for dressing like a lesbian, lol. If someone is so superficial that the way you dress makes them avoid you, isn't that like dodging a bullet? Would you want to stick around someone whose opinions about people hang over such a thin thread? I sure wouldn't.
If you haven't given anyone a reason to think that you're after their money, then rest assured that it's not your fault. As a side note: I wouldn't take the advice people post in places like /adv/ or /fa/ so seriously. I haven't been to /fa/ often, but it's people that let possessions define their character. Someone that likes you based on fickle, transient things like clothes or money, will go just as easily as they come. You'll want a relationship with a much more solid foundation than that.
Have you asked them why they don't want to hang around you? It's also asking because it may be that you may be attracting a certain type of people.
if it's a subconscious holdover, it's not something i made or can unmake.
But, that's where you're wrong. You and your subconscious are the same person. You made, and can unmake it. You're literally the only one that can. 
well thats a big picture desire.
Well... I don't know how to small picture desire. Everything below that is just a means to an end. "What do you want to eat?" is sort of a nonsense question to me, because I never know. I just want food in my stomach so I can stop being hungry.
mostly i think it upsets me to think im not capable
This is why I used the bike-training-wheels metaphor. If you had training wheels you'd be able to see you were capable. Jumping into the deep end of a pool with no swimming experience is a fast way to die, or scar yourself forever into being terrified and unconfident about swimming. You've gotta start slow with those things, dip your toes in the water and ease into it.
i dont like hunger but i don't desire specific meals or flavors, it's all the same to me.
Lol get out of my head.
i have no spark in my mind
This makes me think of the concept "1 step forwards 2 steps back". The negative stimuli are more powerful than the positive ones, so what you need is a powerful positive one that will tip the scale back into overall positive. It's like being in debt by -100. Gaining 1 or 2 dollars here and there will feel pointless, because it immediately goes into filling that debt. But if you gained 101 instantly, you would be positive again and the debt would be gone.
and none of the experiences made me very happy.
Well, what are experiences that make you happy?
No problem! It's a leap of faith, and based on our interactions, I'm not bothered by jumping at all.
 someone who can stomach being on camera ought to start a bob ross like woodworking show
Nice puzzle! I'm on it.
one of these days I will learnt to stop clicking all of your shitty black boxes on instinct FUCK YOU!!
sorry to butt in but clearly not sorry cause here i am.
I wouldn't avoid someone for dressing like a lesbian, lol
isnt just the people who avoid you; its the certain type of people you attract. ask me how i know lol
 If someone is so superficial that the way you dress makes them avoid you, isn't that like dodging a bullet?
its not superficial its social awareness. most people tell you something about them selves with there clothing so we can self select when choosing who to talk to. does it suck? yeah, ce la vie. really its like that for a reason. like would you really go up and talk to someone wearing a "ask me about my pronouns!" pin? or with no shirt and shoes in public? or would you choose not to talk to those people? and what about living in a place where being gay is hella uncool? anyone worth talking too will judge you on your cloths, and race, and sex, on some level just the same as all the people not worth talking too.
you arnt a damned saint; your just damned like the rest of us.
verification not required
i used to write poetry
i was pretty good at it 
Lol. Lmao, even. Post some so I can laugh at you please
would you really go up and talk to someone wearing a "ask me about my pronouns!" pin?
Yeah leftists are usually very nice 
or with no shirt and shoes in public?
Seems chill, might boof some ketamine together
anyone worth talking too will judge you on your cloths, and race, and sex, on some level just the same as all the people not worth talking too.
This is true until you get to know them better, but I guess thats more likely to happen if they subconsciously want to be around you in the first place
cool gif
like would you really go up and talk to someone wearing a "ask me about my pronouns!" pin? or with no shirt and shoes in public?
These are more extreme examples than what ENFJ-senpai likely had in mind. For the most part, yes, clothing is a petty and trivial metric to judge people by. There's a difference between judging people for reasonable clothing styles and judging people for being a nudist or broadcasting the fact that they're a political zealot.
i also think its a cool gif and it reminded me of this webm i made
listen to it or you will have made an infp cry you cant make yourself sleep after that can you
The other option is to stay in your box and still get ripped to shreds. At least if you go out there, you have a chance to slay a couple demons and be a bit stronger.
What are you trying to say that you wouldn't fug a bowsette? She cuter and smorter than Peach.
i didnt even post it q.q
https://files.catbox.moe/94zo1k.webm
you trying to get me to kill myself?
getting a little stronger won't matter when i'm dead a couple seconds later
it bothers me deeply how temperamental i can be. i'm sure i would say entirely different things if presented the same posts on a different day. i want to be consistent.
i have an infinite volume of work to do on myself. i doubt there will ever be a time in my life that i decide to waste my time on politics.
physical art
i havent
there is maturity in knowing that
i'm very aware of myself and how my mind works. i'm terrible at everything else relating to identity and maturation.
what is it like having a man shrink
as compared to what? he's the only one i have had. i don't understand other women.
the root of the problem is the type of infuriating mess that is so large you don't know where to start cleaning. i get overwhelmed trying to digest it into words. i don't think it's your problem to fix. it reaches back to an underdeveloped sense of self. any time i come across something that deals with identity, the stream of water (to go back to the word picture) just begins pouring endlessly into a gigantic pit, nothing gets done, and i stress myself out. my kneejerk instinct is to ask someone to choose a path for me so i can just get to making the trenches, but that's not how i want to solve things anyway, even if i have no fucking idea how to solve it alone. the point is that this isn't a Fe problem, at least.
would you want to stick around...
i can learn to be picky once i manage to have options
have you asked why they don't want to hang around you
they don't need a reason, we're strangers.
melatonin is a hell of a drug
&lt;3
This was a nice surprise while I was at the barn the other day.
you probably w i s h they had BPD so you could have a chance at being their Favorite Person because you likely have already tasted of the nectar of an obsession so intense and now you know you will never be satisfied with mere mortals' lukewarm affections again. Cope
Damn. Note to self, never piss off the gf.
I'm sorry. I wasn't aware that I was coming across worse than usual. Being a bitter old codger is less of a six months thing and more of a 20 years thing (2003 was the last full year I was a sweet-to-the-core person like Homuanon), but I'll stop it if it's upsetting to you.
You never know what your potential is if you don't test it. Being afraid to do something just because you might die is silly. You're going to die regardless of if you stay in that box or not. The difference is that you go out and fight demons, you're choosing to go out in battle. Whereas if you choose to stay in that box, you'll just slowly decay away to entropy.
I like Sophia because she is sweet. Maybe you would experience her affection if you could be less of a cold loser every once in awhile.
its not melatonin.. 
i wonder what melatonin is like though
the whole semi conscious writing silly things aspect seems rather unpleasant
you and your subconscious are the same
sure
you're the only person who can alter your subconscious
laughably and indescribably wrong. you've never been more incorrect about anything in your entire life. i'm not going to explain it, if you google studies about the subconscious you'd disprove yourself almost immediately.
i don't know how to small picture desire
and that's why we're purposeless dysfunctional losers on r9k.
training wheels friends
this word picture won't make sense in sensing land, but it should in intuition land. say we put training wheels on the bike. i like the training wheels so much because they allow me to roll without risking crashing. because of how i will inevitably react to this, i would discard the bike as a concept and just sit on the floor rolling the training wheels around; it's not as fun as riding a bike, but now that i have given myself an alternative to crashing, i am too comfortable to ever risk it again.
if given online friends, i would never live my life the way i do. i would become addicted to the easy social outlet and never grow beyond my immaturity. i refuse.
debt analogy
i understand the concept easily, but i'm missing it's application to my situation.
what makes you happy
nearly nothing, and this is where biology becomes the boogeyman. my brain does not steward the chemicals and systems that cause emotional responses to be accurate well; it fucks everything up all the time. i may well do things that should make me happy, but y retard brain blew all the happy chemicals indiscriminately the second they were in stock, so i feel nothing. 
i was just not expecting titty bowser.
nearly nothing, and this is where biology becomes the boogeyman. my brain does not steward the chemicals and systems that cause emotional responses to be accurate well; it fucks everything up all the time. i may well do things that should make me happy, but y retard brain blew all the happy chemicals indiscriminately the second they were in stock, so i feel nothing.
Is there a name for this concept? The most adjacent, semi-related thing I can think of would be hyperarousal, but I don't think that's what you have. Is it a trauma symptom or a natural genetic thing? Were you the same way as a kid, assuming you remember any of your childhood?
maybe i'm just perceiving differently. i still like you honestly, i just concern for your wellbeing
im gonna stay in the box and you cant stop me
none of my attempts ended with any social contacts made
You should really reconsider your stance on the online friends thing. People meet online and progress to real life fairly often nowadays. Of course its not 4chan where you should be meeting people irl, but there are apps and websites and shit specifically to help with that. Personally I resent the increasing closed-off-ness of social groups that comes with everyone knowing everything about everyone else and not needing to entertain the uncertainty of a total newcomer, but the best shot now is looking for points of entry inside certain niches. If only it was the olden days where you could fake your death and run away and the 3 people living in bumfucknowhere would be forced to get to know you.. too many government interferences and such. At best you would get cannibalized by proto-humans
Its called anhedonia I think
like would you really go up and talk to someone wearing a "ask me about my pronouns!" pin? or with no shirt and shoes in public? or would you choose not to talk to those people? and what about living in a place where being gay is hella uncool? anyone worth talking too will judge you on your cloths, and race, and sex, on some level just the same as all the people not worth talking too.
In my post, I also said that people choose what message they want to send out. If someone has a shirt that literally says "I don't like women, don't talk to me if you are a woman" and I happen to be a woman, the sensible thing to do is... not talk to them. As I said, only the sender gets to decide the message. And if the message is clear as day like in your example, then I ought to respect that, don't I? I doubt Chuck would want to wear a pin asking people for their pronouns anyways.
 with no shirt and shoes in public?
What's wrong with that? I mean, if they're not walking around naked, I couldn't care less.
and what about living in a place where being gay is hella uncool?
I don't understand this part, sorry!
 you arnt a damned saint; your just damned like the rest of us.
I'm sorry you got that impression of me, I'm merely talking honestly from my own experiences.
I see. Well, if you want to be as neutral as possible, just a pair of jeans and a t-shirt is enough. I hope you find your answer, though, since I can see this is a source of stress for you. I'm wishing you the best of luck!
its not melatonin.. 
it is for me
i wonder what melatonin is like though
fuck around and find out
the whole semi conscious writing silly things aspect seems rather unpleasant
this is just my life; could be worse. can be pretty fuckin fuck sometimes.
Oh yeah, she likely has that as well, but Chuck's described something that's more akin to the chemicals for every single emotion being released all at once, and in situations where there's no reason for that to happen (ie very neutral situations where she shouldn't feel any emotion at all, never mind a combination of all of them). That's not something I've ever heard of before.
tnx for the puzzle, I've been extra special depressed recently so it's nice for something nice
Isn't that most people? There's a lot more people who can go cold turkey on something like alcoholism or cigarettes than who can indulge in moderation. My older brother who has his life together didn't drink any alcohol all of last year because of a new years resolution but it's already becoming a problem again.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erikson%27s_stages_of_psychosocial_development
Well you made it a stage further than I did at least. 
What's that supposed to mean? Sharing makes things real, it's thoughts not shared that don't matter outside your mind.
I'll never read a book!
now i feel like doing melatonin with someone and having a comfy snooze dreaming about cats
do you have sleep problems
im lucky and never really had any, except for some awful withdrawal days where everything felt hollow, empty.. devoid of life
but those were exceptions
I think its called emotional dysregulation. Common with adhd, bipolar, other mood and personality disorders
ive talked about this before.
i sleep 4 tilde hours every night when i need 8 or 9. really bad vivid nightmares. melatonin doesnt help. nothing helps. well nothing ive tried. maybe love can cure me. true loves kiss to pass into sleep. i just use it to keep something similar to a schedule, and too bash my brain in every now and again. its not that good of a drug and very very fucking addicting. when i was in highschool i was taking 28 tilda grams every day. then i tried to od by making a pill shake and ended up doing 48 grams a day tilde; then my mom noticed; then some shit went down; and now i only use it for sechudal keeping and when someone puts the idea into my head. like i said though its really not that good of a drug, on its own. anyway. id still do it with you. but not for 2 days cause i just took some.
you're the only person who can alter your subconscious
No, no. You misunderstood. You don't alter your subconscious. You alter the thing that your subconscious made. It's like a little machine in your brain that was created by your subconscious. You can tinker with that machine and fine tune it to be a more reasonable machine. 
and that's why we're purposeless dysfunctional losers on r9k.
Better than being a normie, right? ..... Right..?
i would become addicted to the easy social outlet and never grow beyond my immaturity. i refuse.
What if this friend of yours also refused to allow you to do that, and made sure you were taking risks where you needed to? Sorta like if your training wheels got mad at you, and stopped letting you play with them while sitting on the floor until you got back on your bike. Sitting on the ground and playing with training wheels can become a relaxing outlet to release the tension and stress from riding that bike. You know?
but i'm missing it's application to my situation.
I don't think I'm able to convey it in a way to make that clear.
brain blew all the happy chemicals indiscriminately the second they were in stock
That's an easy problem to fix in concept. You just need to find a supply of happy chemicals and/or learn to slow release those chemicals and enjoy it for longer. This is extremely related to my debt metaphor. This is the thing to which it is applicable. You're in debt of "happy chemicals" and you have too many "not-happy chemicals". So when one happy chemicals shows up, you spend it instantly and then you're left in debt again.
Shouganaino~
Severe sleep problems like these sound really horrible, as bad as the states that I might put myself in, atleast I have the peaceful idea of an alleviating night of sleep back in my mind
do you have any idea what causes it?
probably heard pretty much all possible obvious advice regardless huh..
What if this friend of yours also refused to allow you to do that, and made sure you were taking risks where you needed to?
looks like hes going in for the kill lads
surrounded by children that look like giant penises?
Her sweetness and affection is excessive. Not everyone cares for Fe.
it could be so many things dude you have no idea
probably heard pretty much all possible obvious advice regardless huh..
and plenty of obscure shit too. i even tried the piss drinking.
lol wouldn't be surprised if that's why he's pushing it so desperately
Megumin: rapes you instead, then kills you
I'd skip the rape and just kill you as quickly as possible. I'm not a monster
i explained it in detail a while back but i didn't save my post number, which now i wish i did. i am seeing neurological specialists about the issue. the problem is that whenever a situation calls for my endocrine system to deal with hormones, neurotransmitters, or most situational responses controlled by chemicals and the hypothalamus, it effectively releases everything i have, in maximum volume, along with all of the adrenaline i possess. any time i experience any strong response to something, it's like a nuclear bomb goes off inside of my head. sometimes i am able to stay in a zen-like state and cause my body to calm down but most of the time i have to just endure the internal apocalypse.
so, as an example, lets say i get startled by a bird cawing. my heart rate increases, my body temperature rises, i feel hungry and thirsty instantly, i'm massively angry, i'm terrified, i'm overjoyed, i'm deeply melancholic, i'm drowsy, i'm aroused, i'm nauseous, i'm excited, i feel like i'm going into shock, my ears start ringing, and i feel like i have the strength of a thousand bulls and i want to destroy everything in my vicinity with my bare hands.
i was the same way when i was a kid, but not when i was incredibly young. i have theories about how it developed and so do the quacks, but it's all speculation.
i've gone to in real life events that were organized online. i just don't want to befriend some faggot across the country who i will at best see every few months after years of getting more familiar. online is online; real life is real life. i don't want to blur anything.
i even tried the piss drinking.
Describe the taste of piss please
yeah people used to post about sofa leading people on, but they said the same thing about senpai so who knows maybe just a meme or playful bullying
that whole thing was a forced meme started by discord trannies
new threadio original
Excessive sweetness is good in my personal opinion. At least if you mean it, or want to mean it. Some of you are just a little lonely and resentful which clouds your ability to have relationships
is it anxiety related?
i like having minor quality sources of fat before bed so i dont go hungry and end up chewing on my pillow having dreams of eating food but thats about it 
i usually end up just feeling either physically or mentally exhausted making me sleep, cant really do it beforehand, havent had a good schedule ever really but neither have I had larger issues about it thankfully 
im a discord tranny and like sophie so your theory falls flat and its clearly big anon behind sophie hate!
im a discord tranny and like sophie
no shit thats why you contributed to the meme you dumb fuck. either that or calling a 30 yr old man a princess
I'm just exploring the possibilities of the situation, dingleberry. It exists as a potential solution to the problem at hand, even if it is a temporary, less than perfect solution. 
Like imagine if you were afraid of learning to ride a bike because you didn't want to be reliant on training wheels, but you were also too afraid to ride the bike without training wheels. Then someone came along and invented some training wheels specifically for you to use, that had some function which disallowed them to be used as crutches to avoid the risk of riding a bike.
no, i can definitely feel pleasure. it'd be simpler if i did not.
thanks for putting up with my existential bullshit kek
sorry for dragging you into it
isnt that most people
i dont know most people
made it a stage further than me
ah yes, the pushup stage...
you don't alter your subconscious
you may not have meant it, but it happens all the time
alter the thing your subconscious made
and i'm telling you i'm not holding myself back, i didn't make a little machine. if there is a little machine, someone else put it there, i don't know where it is, and it's out of my hands.
what if your friend-
i would never in one billion years entrust my personal development to another human being. if i cannot do it myself, i will wait until i can.
chemical word picture
i believe you've misunderstood the affliction, kek
i am definitely in debt, but there's no way to out-earn the spending.
i have terrible nightmares too. i'm sorry you deal with them.
online is online; real life is real life. i don't want to blur anything.
Pointless compartmentalization inspired in full by cowardice. Its not failure if you end up with it a warm body or two in your general proximity physically &amp; psychologicicially. I think you understand this on some level and want someone to point it out but could well be deeply subconscious shit or projection on my part. Ur scared of merging these parts of your life because it might lead to something new and scary
i think hes a pleasant person even besides the meme though
i would never in one billion years entrust my personal development to another human being. if i cannot do it myself, i will wait until i can.
Then youll die lonely and resentful!!! If no vulnerability is involved on your part every relationship you create will fall flat and feel empty!!!! Stop shooting yourself in the foot fuckface!!!!!!! How do you simultaneously intend to feel the warmth of a relationship and keep fully to yourself and rely only on yourself and develop fully by yourself!!! The point is that you have to deal with other peoples shit retard!
i really don't think it's a good idea to push this idea on someone that got a vocaroo from prince's gf and ended up having that whole thing rent free in her head for months. it seems like it'd end badly.
And have them deal with your shit in return!!!!!* No man is an island and such.
the act of spending time on the internet is miserable to me. the only reason i post here is because it helps me think. this is a multiplayer journal. if i had to spend hours of my life messaging people on discord and dealing with social bullshit i do not care about, i would simultaneously be deeply unhappy because of how i spend my time, but also completely addicted to the social engagement i am presented with, how it soothes my loneliness, and how it makes me feel more like a person. so i will be addicted to a behavioral pattern that makes me miserable yet complacent, and unlike alcohol, i couldn't morally go cold turkey because there are other peoples feelings at stake, so i'd be trapped.
this is a hellish outcome i will not allow to happen. do you need any more clarification?
This is a Centaur-tier weird take. You're inconveniencing yourself unnecessarily.
So you're afraid of commitment basically. The only way to get through it is to suffer and hurt others anyway. Involve yourself and hope the guilt keeps you to stay, and try to develop actual relationships along the way while youre there
Not that weird, but it is like centaur. A clear goal with an obvious obstacle that will likely never be surmounted due to some mixture of fear and complacency. Both are enneagram 9 I think, which has a tendency towards this exact behavioral pattern.
there's a canyon between entrusting the entirety of my personal development to another person, and refusing to be any amount of vulnerable. one is abandoning and the other is being open others.
well, i do like centaur. 
i'm not claiming to be saying something right here; its definitely a result of personal experiences giving me extreme biases. but it is what i chose to stick with a long time ago, and i'm not planning on changing it any time soon.
Goddamn dude shes not gonna add u lol. I hope you don't bring this whole charade to the next thread
why are you overlooking the part where the act itself is unpleasant to me? this is like you say: "you should eat this shit covered sandwich"
and i say "well, i do want sandwich, but i hate shit. i know how i am though, i'm very lazy, so if i eat this first shit covered sandwich, i'll eat as many shit covered sandwiches as you bring me, and i'll just stop making my own food for the convenience. i don't want to be a lazy bumfuck who eats shit sandwiches, so i won't even do it once to avoid it"
and you say
"so you hate sandwiches"
i seem to have a very rebellious nature in me, to the point where i dont even really notice it most of the time
when someone is writing in a sophisticated manner to me, i respond totally disregarding punctuation and grammar
i wonder why that is 
https://youtu.be/XCMNqKuuFC4 [Embed]
The only way to get to eating proper sandwiches is to take a munch on a shit sandwich first. You have to suffer, do things that are unpleasant or uncomfortable. Why do you assume eating a shit sandwich will inherently lead to consuming shit sandwiches for the rest of your life - the other possibility is developing actual, real relationship-sandwiches. The alternative to eating your first shit sandwich is just starving to death.
and i'm telling you i'm not holding myself back
Maybe the phrasing on it is wrong. Instead of "holding yourself back" maybe it's closer to "not allowing yourself to have the things you want, because of some innate fear of losing control."
When you say "I would never allow myself to have an online friend because I might get addicted to them" that is the thing I am referring to. You're intentionally preventing yourself from having something you want, simply due to the fact that it might have some negative repercussions. This is why you're constantly in debt. You're actively choosing to take on debt in hopes that it will somehow solve your problem of too much debt.
You're so hyper focused on the "bad things that might happen" you can't even see where the potential good might be.
if there is a little machine, someone else put it there
I can concede that you may have made it due to someone else. Sort of like if someone punched you in the face, then every time you see someone make that same movement you react as if they're going to punch you in the face.
never in one billion years entrust my personal development to another human being
I wouldn't expect you to. But, part of being friends with someone is having healthy boundaries. Which would include "not letting my friend use me as a crutch to avoid the responsibilities of their own development."
but there's no way to out-earn the spending.
I'm telling you there. I promise you the entire world, there is.
Everything ends badly. There is no such thing as a happy ending. The world is plagued with nonstop suffering and then you die. May as well try and find a few moments of joy here and there and share them with as many people as you can before you die.
oh you know what yeah she should just overdose on cocaine as much as possible before dying kek
You're so hyper focused on the "bad things that might happen" you can't even see where the potential good might be.
like cmon bruh it's not something that might happen, it's something that is guaranteed to happen. like i mentioned with the vocaroo bullshit. if a fkin vocaroo is enough to be obsessed over for months then imagine an actual discord call for example, or even just gaming together. ur basically trying to convince someone with a completely fucked brain that sitting at the computer gaming with retards all day is gonna be le good for their life. oh you wanna get good at socializing? just uhh drink alcohol bro you totally won't get an addiction because of it becoming a crutch or anyhting haha
When you say "I would never allow myself to have an online friend because I might get addicted to them" that is the thing I am referring to. You're intentionally preventing yourself from having something you want, simply due to the fact that it might have some negative repercussions. This is why you're constantly in debt. You're actively choosing to take on debt in hopes that it will somehow solve your problem of too much debt.
You're so hyper focused on the "bad things that might happen" you can't even see where the potential good might be.
This is good advice.
I'm telling you there. I promise you the entire world, there is.
This not so much. You're really minimizing a complex issue here. >>73059001 sounds like a symptom that might not have any real treatment, similar to your hyperarousal.
we get it centaur you dont want fellow crabs to climb out of the bucket but come on infj-a is lonely too you gotta sympathize a bit with him
we get it centaur you dont want fellow crabs to climb out of the bucket but come on infj-a is lonely too you gotta sympathize a bit with him
i fucking hate niggers
Yeah, idk. I mean your brain does sound pretty fucked, but reality doesn't like to accommodate people. You have to choose between stagnating or suffering, but maybe the suffering won't suck as much as you think it will. Even if it does, what do you have to lose? Your comfort? You seem lonely and racked with guilt anyway in a way that you could hardly call comfort lmao
oh i'm not chuck btw apologies for not making it clear
Like "ohhhhh nooo, I might experience things" quit being a little cutie pie who I want to hug tightly ok!
damn i rly was joking at first but you really do want to add her badly huh
I want to hug you tightly as well you pathetic little shit!
kek. a very good point. i cried about that every night for a week.
terrible attempt at extending the word picture.
i do unpleasant and uncomfortable things in the pursuit of social relationships regularly. in real life. i'm not using discord. enjoy eating shit alone.
some innate fear of losing control
yes, because that is a very present threat. if you're able to just take my word for something and not interrogate it, take my word for it. my caution is more than rational.
you're intentionally preventing yourself from having something you want
i want friends. i don't want to spend time online. conflict of interest. i would do the same thing to an irl friend, but i am rolling those dice anyway.
this is why you're constantly in debt
no, that's medical.
flinch response
yep
part of being friends with someone is having healthy boundaries
i don't trust people to hold boundaries i request once my will to uphold them has evaporated. not only is it unwise, it is unfair.
there is a way to out earn the spending
did you just not read the synopsis of my neurological issue that you specifically requested?
booze is a perfect example. i got access to booze and i drank myself to sleep almost every night for two weeks. i don't drink anymore.
there's a solid chance i am taller than you
There are 2 or maybe more distinct entities throwing word salad at her! Learn reading comprehension!
i do unpleasant and uncomfortable things in the pursuit of social relationships regularly. 
Sick! But why limit the avenues in which you suffer? Like I get the motivations but the underlying logic falls apart and it just seems like a defense mechanism 
there's a solid chance i am taller than you
A very solid chance I am 5 foot 3!!
i guess only Se purebloods understand why this is a bad idea huh
bro just sufferingmaxx
suffering is good for you
just fucking stab yourself repeatedly but dont bleed out. it's crazy bro. builds character
that's the secret... only Se purebloods understand anything...
fucking kek. i tower over you.
Suffering sometimes leads to things that are good for you. I can understand why you might not want to be accessible at all times in online form but thats how it works in real relationships now too with the advent of the telephone. I would not be suggesting going on discord 9 hours a day if the real-life suffering worked out at any point, but also as I just said real life garbage also involves cheap validation and constant expectations like chuck seems to want to avoid
Not even remotely related to what I said but I guess a really obvious answer to 
why not suffer
is
why suffer
you guys are fucking terrible at arguing. im better than all of u losers. cant wiin arguments for shit cuz u got no skill. rekt
lol u dummy.
it's something that is guaranteed to happen.
NOTHING (apart from death, and even that is debatable) is guaranteed. 
that sitting at the computer gaming with retards all day is gonna be le good for their life.
Not even remotely close to what I am saying.
sounds like a symptom that might not have any real treatment,
It might not have a cure, I can agree with you there. Whether or not the effort to "treatment" ratio is good or not, well that is to be seen. I'm not saying "It's not a real problem you can solve it easily! :D"
I'm saying "Even enormously huge problems can be broken down into multilayer problems that can be managed one by one until the overarching problem is small enough to manage on its own! :D"
What I'm saying is you have to challenge that fear, and confront it head on. There is no other option. There is no safe option which has a 0% chance of failure. There is always going to be some rational fear that prevents you from doing whatever you want. I'm fully aware that your caution is rational, but that very rationale is what is holding you back.
Your perception of the fear is that it is larger than your own desire. Thus your desire is minimalized and the fear is maximized. Which means you never want anything because the fear is much greater than the reward. And since you never get what you want, what's the point of event wanting?
That is the root of your problem.
i don't want to spend time online.
Then why do you spend time online, such as right now? It seems more like you want someone you can spend all your time with, and you don't want to spend all your time online. Which is reasonable.
not only is it unwise, it is unfair.
Hm. That's also unfair to you. You know that, right?
did you just not read the synopsis
I did, and I know and believe that it's entirely possible to be at the very least net neutral, instead of overwhelmingly in debt.
aye just keep indulging the egotistical retard well get there
NOTHING (apart from death, and even that is debatable) is guaranteed.
wow ok so it has a 99.99999999% chance of happening good job
Not even remotely close to what I am saying.
lol and? damn this dude can't even see the situation i mentioned is the only way it's gonna be if tried out in practice
who is the egotistical retard in this scenario. usually I assume INFJ-A but he seems uncharacteristically diffident or at least polite whenever engaging with chuck
"Even enormously huge problems can be broken down into multilayer problems that can be managed one by one until the overarching problem is small enough to manage on its own! :D".
Yeah, that's fair. As a starting point, what is the name of this condition? No condition or trait is so rare that only one person in the world has it, everything has names and information to look into.
why do you spend time online
asking this after chuck explained it several times
i'm convinced he's an ai
Some kind of mood disorder. Take pills or do CBT about it (not the torture kind).
Not gonna lie she seems blind to her true motivations, but I would certainly not know more than she would about her own mental illness
NOTHING (apart from death, and even that is debatable) is guaranteed.
i'd also like to point out, this is like letting niggers into your house just cause it's not guaranteed they'll take your shit and run. what a retarded argument
who is chuck and who isnt chuck im scared why are they all typing wrong
this is him at his best, but he's still talking over her
he seems uncharacteristically diffident or at least polite whenever engaging with chuck
savior complex is a bitch
wow ok so it has a 99.99999999% chance of happening good job
Oh, damn. Hello, God. I didn't know you were in this thread. Why don't you just fix Chunk's problem instead of making her suffer unjustly whilst you waste your power and time telling me the exact percent chance something has of happening? Jerk.
Something sorta similar to this happened one time
That means the outcome will be exactly the same as the previous time, and the same every other time in the future
That's now how reality works, delusional God.
what is the name of this condition?
That I don't know. I just know the connections between behaviors. 
BEEP BOOP...
What a retarded racist.
yo ai how about you go get rid of that jew who told you to shit up our thread huh
Yeah, I'm wanting Chuck to answer that question desu
Beep.... beep.... It goes against my coding to engage in antiemetic behaviors. Your behaviors have been reported to the authorities, and you have been deducted 2,000 social credit score. 
Oh, that's smort. I like that idea. It would surely help illuminate the whole situation.
tfw you will never be some faggot who visits Chuck every summer to swim with the manatees and study the glow shrimp and [redacted for impossible to condense or articulate without etc. etc.]
im aware your caution is rational, but that's holding you back!
wow i had never thought of it like that. now i will disregard rational caution and endanger myself to preventable threats.
the root of your problem is that you are scared and it makes you not want things
nope. it would be a good guess if i hadn't given you all the information possible only for you to still ignore it.
why do you spend time online
bruh
it's unfair to you
life is unfair. what are you gonna do? i thought you were the one jerking off the idea of being responsible for literally everything; i am being responsible for literally everything, and now you want me to stop. 
the most irritating thing about talking with you is that you never seem curious to listen to me. if i have something to say, you don't listen to learn, you listen to decide whether its true or not. i just spent multiple hours detailing massive amounts of information about myself (for some fucking reason, i do not know) and this post reads exactly like the type of post you would make if i gave you a three sentence description of the problem. what is your motivation to speak with me? my motivation to post is because i enjoy stimulating my brain and thinking and learning. it feels like you don't care about that and want something i don't understand. like we're haggling over the price of an object, but you know it and i dont.
it isn't some single mystery problem. a lot of things have happened to me that lead to a lot of different problems. they've never seen this long list of random bullshit problems interact with each other the way it does in my brain. it's a very long game of 'chicken and the egg', what came first, what is a symptom of what, what is the actual root issue. they don't know yet.
