logographic languages like chinese and japanese are absolute bitches like WHO DECIDED THAT MAKING A NEW CHARACTER FOR EVERY WORD WAS A GOOD IDEA????? bitch my western mind cant handle this you must be fucked in the head if you're gonna learn this shit also imagine watching anime and then deciding to learn japanese (you wont) you aint no "man of culture"
You talk like a limp wristed white man attempting to be badass and hood.
Japan should abandon kanji altogether. Reject foreign influence!
I'm torn. Clearly in English we read an entire word at once and can see words as shapes. Speed reading or seeing parts of a word cut off on the vertical plane demonstrates this. The idea that logographs can carry richer associations not related to the word but instead reflecting the characters used to comprise the word is pretty cool. But it seems terribly inefficient. But it does take up less space on paper so there is some increase in efficiency thece perhaps. A single character may be ten strokes to draw while English has cursive and can be legible even with shit penmanship and even making up your own substitutionl for letters and shorthand. I don't know what to make of it but I prefer having an alphabet. It's easier to just learn how to spell words than have some 5,000 characters just to be considered on a middle school level of literacy.
Egyptians had hieroglyphs, and I believe the Ptolemys learned them. If they could, you can too. Plus, it helps expand your mind. The Chinese use Zhuyin(bopomofo) to teach their kids how to use characters.
Zhuyin is used to teach you how to pronounce the word it does not help you remember how to write each individual character on your own although you can use a zhuyin keyboard online which doesn't require you to have to remember the exact character, but you have to know each individual character if you are to write it irl. Zhuyin is also a relatively new invention.
Every word you read in english is a logograph. You don't actually read each individual letter to see the whole word, the same way chinese people don't read each individual radical to read the character. 
This is the raeosn taht you can raed misppelled words just fine
It can help learn it somewhat if you associate pronunciations with the character. I get your point though. I think that OP should start with learning/memorizing Chinese radicals first.
It can help learn it somewhat if you associate pronunciations with the character.
Yes this comes naturally at some point through memorization as your brain will naturally pair the zhuyin together with the respective character. It might be easier for OP to learn pinyin first instead of zhuyin if he did not grow up learning Chinese characters. In any case, most people do not need to memorize thousands of the more obscure words as long as they have a dictionary to reference and that requires zhuyin so in a way it can be important in learning, I suppose what I mean is its purposes is phonetic.
I think that OP should start with learning/memorizing Chinese radicals first.
Yeah that is a good idea.
second this. hiragana on top baby
