can't fall asleep
its 04:50AM
I have a few appointment in a few hours
Fuck me
Shut the fuck up, you're a lazy useless retard if you can't manage sleep. You're fucking pathetic and will never amount to anything. 
Kill yourself.
People like you should never procreate or live in society.
hi anon. it's 3.54 AM for me. i have been going to sleep at 6/7AM for months and tomorrow have a doctors appointment at 10AM, i dont know if im gonna be able to sleep one hour or two or if its gonna be worse also im nervous about the appointment. fuck me
Insomia is real thing. I have suffered my whole life because of that. I think you just pull all nighter and stay up until normal sleeping time. Go bed normal time and stick to it. If it does not help, then make doctors appointment for sleeping pills. This is what worked out for me.
finally feel like I could fall asleep
doubt it if I would wake up in time
kill me
cuddle with my kittens
discover that my favorite kitten has a tick
remember that the pet tick remover tool is in the room of my parents
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I hate ticks sooo much, why do they even exist?
they should be illegal
Kill yourself.
we can hope desu
what kind of doctor is it/why do you need to see them?
i dont know if im gonna be able to sleep one hour or two or if its gonna be worse
dunno, personally it would depend on how much time you need to prepare and get there and to be desu I dont think I would wake up in time with 1 -2h of sleep oof
I think this is caused cause I smoked too much weede again recently and going sober is tricky at first
its the 4/20
tempted to get some to smoke after im done with the appointments today
would probably cause another sleepless night afterwards or something bleh
I have delayed sleep phase disorder too, and usually go to bed 4-5AM. I demand accommodation for this disability, and never have anything scheduled before noon ever.
Did you fill out those job apps, Ceb?
elayed sleep phase disorde
what
cant you beat it by moving to a different timezone?
Yes.
I should apply to more places oof, gonna move some of my stuff to my place this weekend desu
gib breakfast to kittens
make myself a coffee
my wake up alarm goes off in half a hour
I should take my meds and shower soon!
Bjorn &amp; Blade's newest rv trip across the states is over before they even left Vegas
rip
https://youtu.be/UezxIevwE1o?t=420 [Embed]
from a past rv trip where a drunk bjorn went on a short journey to mcdonalds 
I miss these times
Boneclinks was part of that rv trips
this time he hanged out with B &amp; B for a night in Vegas cause they are frens
grrrr
he is a streamer from LA who sneaked into this streaming community a few years ago
before that he had a german fanbase, cause he used to do these livestreams where he just reacted to videos
and germans kept showing him Drachenlord videos after discovering his channel, later on they added subtiles to the videos they sent for him.
He was a big part of the Drachengame for a season, he was part of songs, some funny animations
https://youtu.be/HaS89RPxIHg [Embed]
tfw the harry potter spin off with Drachenlord and Boneclinks was never finished
Drache hates him big times, they even had a conversation that counts as classic Drache content 
https://youtu.be/DZgp95soKQg?t=59 [Embed]
Drachenlord believed he could understand german and was seething for thinking he is just pretending to only speak english
long story short, Boneclinks was called out for some shit he done 
https://youtu.be/41Hvx5-fSNA [Embed]
this triggered him so much that he left the fanbase and pretends it never happened
He traveled all the way from LA to bavaria to see him
idk how far that even is
Drachenlord gets triggered over people who have to travel a long way to see him,
like when I saw him he was mad at someone who claimed they traveled over 200km to see him
I told him that I had to travel 500km to see him!
im rambling too much
need a ciggy and then take a showerrrr
0h right I still need to take my meds, cant forget that desu
https://youtu.be/HaS89RPxIHg [Embed] 
"its so cold and dark without electricity 
my sides are dying, during the time this animation was originally uploaded , Drachenlords electricity was cut off for not paying the bills
https://youtu.be/DZgp95soKQg [Embed]
the last part of that conversation
Drachenlord is seething while Boneclinks is just repeating Drachenlord memes 
my sides are burried now 
Drachenlord:"I will destroy you boy"
Boneclinks:" a frosch"
https://youtu.be/_mvOqkFP1y8 [Embed]
okay i need to stfu now and get ready
ready to leave
First appointment is at the bank
Then get to my new city and sign the papers for moving into that apartment.
Gonna drop a few of my anime figures in the apartment if the time schedule allows it desu
Ah, yes he should kill himself for having insomnia. Genius post, anon.
What movie should i watch on Netflix with a girl tomorrow, I have no ideas.
Also how'd it go.
dark knight joker mkaes every girl hrony
You think a girl would have never seen it yet??? I doubt.
b3ry sle3py
two more appointments to go
zzzz
What movie should i watch on Netflix with a girl tomorrow, I have no ideas.
You must pick one or you can watch both together too I guess
A Whisker Away
Schindlers List
Hab fun eitherway
Also how'd it go.
There are a few things from me in my apartment now, like some of my anime figures!
Also I signed da papers ofc
They changed the adresse on my id and passport
But for now im going to be a guest at my parents place til I finished moving out
thanks thanks I will try, watching schindlers list while lewding with a girl is a bit interesting. Good luck with the new place, it must be nice to be able to afford to live alone. Make sure to decorate well.
This isn't CC, get off my board cuntoid or tranny
done with the appointments
felt asleep in the car for a bit
big yawn
There are a few phone calls left to do but that can wait for now
Im hungry
N sleepy
I cant afford anything im broke as shit
still looking for a new job
Im neither
back home
ate
half awake half asleep
Dunno if I should get high now
Its 16:52
Offices close at around 6 - 8pm
So I could still get a call cause of a application I sent ;_,
Pls
went out with my bicycle
got some strawberry milk
stuff to roll cigs with
stuff to smoke
also some cat milk for my kittens
cuddling with my favorite kitten atm
gonna miss him big times even it will just be a few days
im KO
I should just sleep
but dunno desu
kitten went up a tree
He is a big boy now desu
kinda sure about going to bed now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jogp-9JBRA0 [Embed]
notice that Bjorn went live
not im not sure sure about it anymore
I should probably just sleep, the stream is even hang technical issues (for now)
oh it seems fine again
idk its kinda laggy?
I should stfu desu
please dont let it eat local birds
