You incels are always encouraging men to cheat on their wives. And think it's morally fine to do so. And I think it's shitty of you. What if the girl is nice? Why would you break her heart like that? Don't you know what that kind of shit does to people? 
Like when you devote years to him and find out he's been fucking other women behind your back? You don't think that has an effect? And these fucking divorced dads wonder why we fucking hate them and their shitty attitude, it's because you encourage this behavior. You and the rest of the podcast bros continue to want to treat us like subhumans.
why do fembots always assume everyone here is an incel
some of us are just regular dudes who happen to be virgins and don't hate women and never interacted with the cancer that is the incel subculture
Don't you ever get bored of larping as a female? Yes, i see you dude. Youve posted like, what? A dozen "fembot here" threads? And that was just today alone. Get a hobby, man.
LIESSSSSSS YOU ARE ALL WOMEN HATING MOIDS I KNOW IT I FEEL IT IN MY BONES FUCK YOU.
Kind of you to think I have the options to cheat even if I wanted to
and what guarantee do we have that YOU wouldn't cheat also?
I don't hate you anonette
you deserve to be loved like everyone else
Troon is projecting
Who tf said anything about cheating since literally no one here gets pussy
Imagine being such a gigaincel that you not only get zero pussy, you also larp about cheating.
What we do talk about however is how roasties can get absolutely fucked, so fuck off
Your guarantee is that its a larping man, retard
I feel like cheating was a problem way beyond existence of incel communities.
This isn't an incel community btw you dummy
To be fair they did address incels in the subject of the post instead of all of the guys on this board. The loudest voices will always shape the perception of a group though.
every guy i have given a chance to here has immediately went in to trying to talk nsfw and when i didn't reciprocate got upset or ghosted me.
i just assume everyone here is larping when they cry about how they want an actual romance.
Fuck you. FUCKTOU FUCKYOU FUCKIYOU
Larping men can cheat too.
Not in a relationship with a straight man.
That's why i strictly say that i wanna be only friends nothing romantic
its okay to feel down anon, we all do sometimes, I can offer my shoulder for you to lean on if you'd like, even lend an ear if you want.
Men do cheat, and often. And you people ENCOURAGE IT. You like it when men cheat. You think it's great like it's some kind of male empowerment.
Yeah, PIC RELATED, it's what you tell men. Just stick your dick in her, disregard morals. Even if you're with her, or she's with someone else. Just cheat, just ruin peoples lives no matter what because the only thing that apparently matters is if your cock gets wet with pussy juice.
All I want is a kind bf who is loyal and friendly and doesn't cheat. Idgaf about this """""chad""""" you freaks keep talking about. It'd be nice if he was cute, but I'd settle for an ugly bf if he wasn't a total dick. Not that you care. You'll never believe me because you don't even think of me as human.
Nevermind that since I was in high school all I ever wanted was a gamer bf to cuddle on the couch with and watch anime and eat pizza rolls with. But it seems like it'll never happen because men here are toxic cheaters as well just like the men I've met in real life who've all cheated on me.
(not op)
I was thinking, hypothetically, how it could be done in a safe way to date incels. Like in case that I would decide to pick a khv man, who is not to far away, and visit him and try to get into a closer contact. Maybe also intimacy and a ... mercyfuck, to give him salvation from his terrible virgin-state.
The problem would be: how could I be sure to not get into danger while doing this? He could be a nice awkward guy, but he could also be a psycho ... and then, when we try sex and he can't get an erection or so, he maybe freaks out and kills me with his combat knife or katana.
What would be the way to do it and feel safe enough? Paying a bodyguard to stand there while I get intimate with the incel guy?
You've figured it out good for you. are you going to leave now?
Some men do but I don't. 
I just lurk and depression post.
How about just
Dont do it? Lol why waste your vaggie on their eenie peenie
Well not every incel is a psycho but not every other non-incel isn't. So you would be risking it without try to pry into them before ever meeting them irl. Just like you should with any other stranger on the internet.
This is what media conditioning does to mofos. You seriously think incels are a bunch of dangerous psychos yet all we do on the servers I'm in is play War Thunder together and talk about our jobs, facial flaws, plastic surgery, war and our dating fails
Learn to spot anti-social measures in people. Also incel != khv. Here's some things to look out for and avoid:
he's hung up about being a virgin instead of not finding someone to love
I hear only from guys here stuff like "women deserve to be raped" and "I want women to suffer" etc. I never heared that from anyone outside of 4chan.
he has an obsession with psychotic characters in media and identifies with them(E.G. Patrick Bateman)
I hear only from guys here stuff like "women deserve to be raped" and "I want women to suffer" etc. I never heared that from anyone outside of 4chan.
he hates animals
I hear only from guys here stuff like "women deserve to be raped" and "I want women to suffer" etc. I never heared that from anyone outside of 4chan.
he preferentially talks about negatives in people who he no longer talks to/who rejected him
I hear only from guys here stuff like "women deserve to be raped" and "I want women to suffer" etc. I never heared that from anyone outside of 4chan.
Well not every incel is a psycho but not every other non-incel isn't. 
I hear only from guys here stuff like "women deserve to be raped" and "I want women to suffer" etc. I never heared that from anyone outside of 4chan.
You seriously think incels are a bunch of dangerous psychos
Not in general, but same are, I guess. It's not just fantasy.
Well, psychos can fake their behaviour. And when I write with him, and say that I think about visiting him, he probably will not talk about Patrick Bateman.
I've never had an issue with people just exposing how anti-social they are when I talk to them for just a few days. Just be open and non-confrontational about what they present to you, ask them plenty of well-meaning questions and let them dictate the conversation as much as they want. Narcissists are especially easy to spot when you know what to look for.
Sounds like it's a mix of meeting shitty men and attracting the wrong kind of men. Which sucks anon, not all men are cheaters.
Well, as a kind of aspie and NEET introvert, my psychological abilities as a profiler are limited. Maybe I better don't try to be a love fairy for an incel or robot. It seems to have big fail potential.
If I'm an incel, and you're dating contrary to your sexual instincts what competition is there?
Cheating on you with *who*?
Another case of women projecting abusechad behavior onto incels
Hey, I'm an aspie, NEET and an introvert too. The key is to learn about these things. I'm lucky in this regard as my special interests are in biology and life history strategy and social paradigms fit into that for humans. Ultimately though you should just go for someone you want to be with and regardless of you trying to get with a robot or not you should learn how to spot anti-social tendencies in people to avoid getting into a bad situation. Starting with the dark triad(and maybe reading a bit on the dark tetrad too) might be good, eye-opening reading. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_triad
involuntarily celebrate
These things can't cheat even if they wanted to, these things also have something wrong with them to have turned out as an incel. Women have billion options, why would you choose a fucked-in-the-head man whether or not they will cheat, you are asking for trouble.
You shouldn't date porn addicts either.
Yeah, those people and the "incel" fuckboys that play with your feelings but have 3 other sidehoes.
The biggest incels are sultans with a harem of 20 women.
Also
Looks like OP isn't an incel anymore guys.
She came to this community, called herself a "real femcel", announced her hatred for men and got 5 posts in before someone asked to date her.
She's not going to reply to him or anybody else propositioning her for a date, but you know this already.
Oh for sure, that'd require OP to actually be a real woman and also not just looking for attention and validation
I never proposed to date her anon, I just offered to lend an ear and let out what troubles her, plus I'm pretty sure it wasn't OP anyways.
those kinds of guys are the most dangerous, their kindness is fake, they don't know her.
meeting someone brutally honest like you in the wild would lead to a better relationship.
I'm against cheating but I'm not really a "robot" anyway
That's just an edgy faggot
those kinds of guys are the most dangerous, their kindness is fake, they don't know her.
Saying "the people trying to date me aren't necessarily great people" doesn't make you involuntarily celibate.
These people don't get it. Like their brain just does not compute it.
Your dating life is less than ideal, yes.
That doesn't make you equivalent to someone that has no dating life at all.
I'm not a dick, really.
If a sad lonely girl says "hey can I hang out here" then I'd probably say yeah sure, and I wouldn't feel a particular need to break down and compartmentalise how they feel sad.
I talk like this because they literally just do the dumbest and least charitable things every single time.
Always. Every time. I can't commit to memory a single time that I've been in the corner of a "femcel" on /r9k/.
1. They're either actively in a relationship while making this post or recently left one
2. They claim they hate incels, but then use incel phrases and memes
3. They talk about how men are vile and stupid but then act sad that apparently no one wants to date them
4. The fact that "no one wants to date them" is revealed to be bullshit when in THE SAME THREAD there are people that ask for their Discord and offer to do nice things for them, they then willingly ignore them or go "Ew, an incel" and insult them
This thread is a waste of digital real estate.
Like, you have created a thread that's "Off topic garbage".
You have gone onto /v/ and posted a picture of the egg sandwich you made. It's not even a good off topic thread.
i wasn't OP. i just wanted to comment on why i don't like anons like them.
i can agree i'm def not an "incel", women have it better in the regard where if you REALLY wanted to get laid and were okay with something shallow you could ez. no money paid, unlike men who usually need to pay an escort which is demoralizing in an entirely different way.
both the men and women here have their own issues tied to gender when it comes to finding an actual caring relationship. it doesn't help you have people pretending to be robots for whatever reason giving the actual people here with those problems a bad name.
from my time here i've noticed:
women are either:
real women dealt a bad hand and struggling with dating
and men are
egirl femcel larps desperate for simps
and men are
bpd ladies who don't have it together
and men are
"pick me"s
and men are
retards just here to laugh at people
and men are
i can understand the frustration and i myself am frustrated. i wish it was easier to flood out the people ruining the board but it seems like those are higher in number atm. /r9k/ used to be a comfy place where everyone could come and be lonely together. i miss that.
anyway sorry for the incoherent ramble/tangent it's late and i'm a little tipsy.
and i never said brutally honest meant you were a dick. if i'm being honest it's a good trait to have.
women have it better in the regard where if you REALLY wanted to get laid and were okay with something shallow you could ez.
Or get taken out on a date.
Or have someone pat you on the head and say nice things to you, like the other guy offered to.
Or to get given money with no expectation of romantic interest.
both the men and women here have their own issues tied to gender when it comes to finding an actual caring relationship
Not really. It's the same issue, women are just extremely far down on the gradient.
actual robots struggling to get noticed/a relationship
This place is flooded with normies, yes.
This is an issue that we're aware of and we have no idea what to do about it.
These people are in no way male incels though.
incel larps who edate mentally ill girls to get their rocks off
This place is flooded with normies, yes.
This is an issue that we're aware of and we have no idea what to do about it.
These people are in no way male incels though.
people who fuck around for a laugh
This place is flooded with normies, yes.
This is an issue that we're aware of and we have no idea what to do about it.
These people are in no way male incels though.
No problem.
I wish you the best.
I think you're wrong about literally everything, but you're some kind &lt;lonely person> that's coming here to have a genuine discussion. You're not a Discord e-girl or any of that other hooplah.
So for that reason I wish you the best.
Like again, I don't really need to strictly compartmentalise the human condition.
If we can turn /r9k/ into a general support group for lonely people and just disclude the normies and e-girls with 400 messages in their inbox, then I'm on board with that.
Not all of them are like that.
I met my bf on here like 4 months ago and he's the sweetest person I have ever met, I never loved anyone as much. He's not even 1% an incel, he's respectful, kind, he treats me like a queen and he's interesting and just amazing overall
I don't recommend trusting people from here straight away, but a lot of them are amazing people so idk it's worth trying
At least a lonely male that's a good person actually got a relationship out of this exchange
Nobody cares what you think. Women always assume that men want to hear about who they'd fuck and who they wouldn't. In actuality nobody gives a shit.
same old story, r9k is dead
yeah, shut up roastie hag
you have men who cheat on you because you chase chad
you literally chase the most handsome, social, dominant, most sex having men, just like every other women, and complain when chad behaves like chad
more evidence that most women are unlovable roastie cock carousel riding hags who love chads
This thread is more engaging than most of the ones alive right now, and it's a sad state of affairs.
BEHOLD! The intellect of a foid.
Not all of us are incels here I am an original robot from like a decade ago or so I would just want a loving wife but the exact difference is that those who cheat would want just someone to have sex with while I personally would want my wife or girlfriend to be a best friend, would I betray my best friend? Hell the fuck no maybe in portal 2 but not destroy them emotionally just thinking of hurting someone I like that much makes me feel sick and sad
Do I have to read the rest if this isn't true?
That's not true at all. I believe strongly in loyalty and exclusivity.
I would not cheat. Hell, even if i wanted to i couldn't
tfw no insecure fembot gf who thinks i'll cheat on her so she overcompensates by being extraordinarily nice in an effort to keep me
Fantasy
tfw no insecure fembot gf who thinks i'll cheat on her so she overcompensates by being extraordinarily nice in an effort to keep me
Reality
