Big girls need big toys
This time i rembered
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
last rember
The chemicals in the water are not making the frogs gay but they are giving Goa an adult body
cant sleep here is some Nicole
Sometime when you not sleep you waifu
Try genning Nicole with white hair, random alternate hair color from nowhere
Or that was the plan but...uh oh
thanks for the suggestion! gonna try it :))
ohmygod aughghhhh
Goa you good?
I forgor imeg
Very pretty
gurgle gurgle belch squish
uhhmm
uhhh
yeah
Imagine Goa walking around with these heels
might gonna start genning Nicole with other hair colors now. Her with green hair in pic rel is one of the best ones I've gotten so far
gonna straight sleeping again, gnight /awig/ #2
Goodnight rainbow Nicole
Why water is green
Green tea bath
Good for you
I want to bathe with her
moist
I am very fond of blue myself
Haeeoni to those boobs
Goa would touch
I have a little hobby I'd like to share, and possibly inspire other anons or find kindred spirits
You guys know those build your own salad-bars they might have in grocery shops? Where you can put together a salad by yourself and just weight it and pay?
I like to create abominations and stuff with them, for eating. Like 10 boiled eggs and just salad dressing. Or just a whole container of nothing but shrimp and garlic salad dressing. One time I bought a whole box of croutons you are meant to add to the salad. It's kind of fun to experiment and see what you can do, like one time I bought nothing but tuna, as much as I could fit into the container, and then added a single piece of lettuce on top of it like a cherry on top. One time I just filled the salad container with dressing, sprinkled some roasted onion on top and proceeded to just eat it like it was soup. I need to recreate that but with a single egg floating in the dressing for no good reason someday
Basically eating salad but wrong, it's lots of fun
Goa salada
Saeriah's secretary is doing a thorough job selecting new apprentices.
Not sure why I am genning Goa with salad but it's something
Trying to gen two girls in one image ((2girls)), hoping for a result that looks like Saeriah and Talia.
Most results are either two that just look like Saeriah, or two that don't.
I really just added the ((2girls)) prompt and hoped for the best though.
Talia's first day at work as an apprentice of Saeriah. Dark haired girl is assisting her, she's worked there for a while now.
Dark haired girl needs a name. I think she had a name at one point (she's showed up before), but I forgor'd it.
Technically there are some background Goas but I wanted full on multiple Goas
But god damn the titties though
The titties though
I just made some scary girls
How frighte-
Eyyyyy baby
Her hair blended with the water
She's tea-chan basically
O-oh no the booberinos oh shit *passes out
The tits are multiplying
Big fat tits holy shit slosh slosh
As long as there is a sexually attractive feminine body in one way or the other I feel no fear, only horny
Same, when I was making those pictures I thought of a girl who would use me and then actually just kill me
I would die a happy man
Goa seethes internally because I love big fat tits so much yet I refuse to age her up or start genning her regularly as a big titty bimbo
I think I have no business coming into our bed tonight
She is making such a face
At some point pretending to have human interaction with your waifu as a way to have original text donut steel so you can post images gets kinda sad and lonely
especially when you'll never be able to interact with a living breathing human woman in any way even close to simulated interactions with Goa
Yeah bro it's so lonely, especially when you're around other people yet you feel like you're alone, someone living in an isolated place would look forward to "meeting his wife one day" but I'm just too disgusted with women because I know what they are like, most of them, and the good ones are usually taken but I'm just a bitchless pussy expert so I wouldn't really know 
I don't know the reason why you're lonely, whenever you're autistic or ugly but it doesn't matter since everyone can dislike/hate the way women look and behave but I feel this too 
I'll never have my waifu in real life
I made another wheel decide, and will explain a few of the options in more detail in another post
https://wheeldecide.com/index.php?c1=cosplay+as+another+waifu&amp;c2=your+waifus+mother&amp;c3=alternate+theme&amp;c4=fully+nude&amp;c5=cfg+15&amp;c6=opposite+prompts&amp;c7=cfg+0&amp;c8=opposite+moral&amp;c9=cfg+20&amp;c10=drunk&amp;c11=alternate+setting&amp;c12=offspring+w+another+waifu&amp;c13=nonhuman&amp;c14=an+image+with+no+waifu+in+it&amp;t=pp+wheel+pp+spindicks&amp;time=5
alternate theme
An alternate theme to your waifu, but still staying in the same setting, For example, if your waifu is a fantasy knight, you could gen her as a fantasy mage. If she is a demon, gen her as an angel or just human, you get the idea
opposite prompts
Opposite prompts to your usual ones, for example short hair becomes long hair, small breasts become big breasts and so on, you can take this as far as you feel like
opposite moral
Dommy mommy waifu is now sweet innocent housewife, sweet innocent nonlewd waifu is now turboslut dommy mommy
alternate setting
Completely alternate theme, for example if your waifu is in a fantasy setting, put her into a cyberpunk one instead, or if she is a demon, make her a robot or something
offspring w another waifu
If your waifu had a child with another waifu, gen a child of the two
nonhuman
Gen yoru waifu as far from a human being as possible, you can take this as far as you are willing to or able to, the less human form she has the better
gen an image with no waifu whatsoever in it
I got opposite prompts
Goa time with opposites, changed all the prompts I could into opposite ones and this is the result (did not go full opposite and make her a man)
I'm both, and have a mediocre penis
I bet she could snap my pp in half with those muscles and that is hot
Got alternate theme so I made post apocalypse Rochelle because i couldn't come up with any cooler ideas
Also hey aiwg
Offspring with another waifu, I think that this time I'll pick Alter Asci
I'd trust her with my survival, howdy
I love apocalypse Rochelle
Alter goasci
pretty pink wings
"She would've made such a lovely bride
What a shame she's fucked in the head"
Got opposite moral so uuuuh dom Asci 
Alter Asci would like to hug her
unf dom me, grab my head and make me eat her out
Hanabi hi
I want to lick her sideboob or pet her head, I am unsure which one more than the other, her dead eyes are as stunning as ever
Opposite prompts
Guess the opposite of Rochelles prompts is a white haired, blue eyed, wimpy femboy
Nonhuman. I don't know I just turned her into a furry
Alternate setting
Regular human office lady Goa works a desk job
In case you guys are curious as to what kind of undies she is rocking
I'd be her stay at home husband
Very tired office lady Goa. Not a bad look on her
See you next morning thread i gotta crash and burn to sleep now
Offspring w another waifu
Sae-chelle lmao
Saeriah, your assistants are paid for by the Imperial Magic Department's budget, they should be used for something more useful than just showering you with compliments.
For the crime of wasteful spending of public funds, she has to do a week of manual labor, like digging ditches around the palace.
Alternate theme as a peasant/worker, as she's kind of both a knight and a mage already.
Don't forget to clean out the pig sty while I'm at work, Saeriah.
later /aiwg/
de punta en blanco para tu fiesta
Original nude Rochelle post
hallo hello hola
hello how arfe you
hallo my love. doin ok doin alright. how are you?
ssdd
been playing re 4 all day after not touching it for like a week
happy to see youre doing good :))))))
re4 is probably a better thing to spend all day on than FFXV.... at least I also saw John Wick 4
how is it? ive been wanting to watch it but i dont have no one to go with so ill probably wait til it hits streaming
poopy nut sack balls in my ass fart
I only have one complaint with it, but it's a pretty big one. Every scene goes on about 15% longer than it needs to and I think there are too many set pieces. Especially with the last one being the least visually interesting, I was kinda bored by the end. At the same time, it was masterful in all forms of technique and had some absolutely remarkable set pieces mixed in. If it was ~30 minutes shorter, it would be one of my favorite action movies I think.
i liked the first 2 movies the third one not so much
Original good morning aiwg
good to see you guys around Rochelle and Eleanor :))
also gud mornin /aiwg/
the action was good but like Eleanor anon said a lot of them overstay their welcome and almost all of them were set pieces. A good portion of characters felt a little flat, like they could be fleshed out a little more. It does get a little dragged out around the end but overall still a very enjoyable watch.
Well maybe it's me
And my blind optimism to blame
Or maybe it's you and your sick need
To give love and take it away
How you started watching anime?
But I took your matches
Before fire could catch me
So don't look now
I'm shining like fireworks
Over your sad empty town
hanabi is the queen of turtleneck crop tops
SEXO? In my OP? Anyways Hana visiting The Great Khans.
I'm back from work, hello /aiwg/
How's work going digging ditches and doing farm stuff, Saeriah?
I think you're cute!
im going to bed now bros
im a bit happy ill probably see her tomorrow
good night aiwg broders
i love you all &lt;33333333333
I will, good night /aiwg/
So happy for you! &lt;3
The AI knows what a yurt is; neat.
Sleep well!
God merging aiwugu
I overheard a few classmates way way back talking of this very cool strange show that airs very late in the evening, and supposedly it was epic, so I staid up late and watched it
Neon Genesis Evangelion as your first anime was a ride, not to mention it introduced me to a really nice show that aired before it, a traveling show that was pretty great. Or at least one of the seasons was, it has 3 seasons and only the second one is good, 3rd season they tried to go international but they aren't good enough in english to have all the funny quips and jokes and stuff they made in my native tongue
I want to sniff Hanabis pits
Eleanors petitas boobbas
very smug but also loving
Nighty night farmers market Saeriah
Goa very smug about how she looks good with a dyed black hair
Ai sometimes does not know common things, yet knows surprising things
Experimenting with Nicole's hair color again
gud nighto anons :))
Don't really watch that much bc I really dont like episodic content. Only watched NGE, and also a few Ghibli films and that that one Makoto Shinkai film, 5 something per something
goa mornin
White, blue and light blue are very nice
Goa tried out blue as well
Oh no, it was supposed to be a was it off-kind of a dye but it's not coming off fully
Slowly it fades over time
Goas smug little bumps
Why are smug looking girls the best?
What if you wanted to sleep
But SSL CONNECTION ERROR: ERROR UNKNOWN
Two weeks of laundry done lol.
*stares at you originally*
One last Red Rock Canyon, this time with Columbina
apparently this is a deathclaw
I'd jack in and out in and out until data package is delivered
big rip
nice tit
Hello
Love the gold
I tried to make a deathclaw as well and
I'd fuck it
I need to fuck
I am going to fuck it
LET'S MAKE EGGGS
Yours is so much better; mine looks like a Doom enemy.
pov: you run into a Deathclaw Matriarch
I should buy a tech deck
I should also try to gen my waifu using a finger board
Did four because that was a neat little challenge. But Anon, can you tell who is who?
Nicole, Goa, Saeriah, Eleanor
3 out of 4, well done!
Here's another clue for the top left
I rolled cfg 0
Time for cfg 0 Goa
Nothing changed
It is the
I forgot the name
The brunette with the soft lips from keygen
No dice.
Have you forgotten where you came from, /aiwg/?
One more farmer/worker Saeriah before I change her prompts again.
Good morning /aiwg/
The egyptian/art deco one! I think her name was Satsumi or something.
Morning
Cereal with Saeriah milk
Alternate theme
Time for full angel Goa
Satsuki, but close enough.
smug angel goa
Quiet day. I've gotten some nice results using spot color and high contrast. I want to put together a list of style tags or theme tags (mainly so I can play with lewds using them) and try to get them specific enough to be as consistent as possible, since some stuff (like the retro artstyle of Satsuki can have some massive variance in it, for example) but I'm not very imaginative as far as that kind of thing goes. Maybe leaning more into specific artist or show/manga styles could iron out those kinks? What are some of your favourite styles you've found?
watercolor is pretty nice
OK Saeriah, you've served your time. I can prompt yo back to normal now.
She has potato blood running in her veins now
Rolling in the hay
Sweaty farmer boobs slapping around as she plows
Nicole returning to the drip for awhile
wet girls are moist
vaginapussyjuicejuicy
slish slosh glide and slide
It's raining. She's wet and moist and her farmer boobs are sweaty.
She is reconsidering her recent life choice of becoming a simple farmer.
Goa seems to be having fun
last one for the night, onwards to sleep
I like this, but hands keep popping up everywhere
Horny on explosion.
I think it works better on cockpit, because of the distance and perspective. Once I get to let them far, things break.
(black theme, blue theme, rain, storm, thunder:1.4), (patterns),
Totally original prompts.
Completely original Roadrunner.
sex boom
big boom
the good boom
gotta try these out, pic related
Goa escapes the rain
doner kebab waifu
when you asked for a hand this was not what you meant
I finished the guide, but bot thinks it's a spam. 
Original help is needed.
she is real and she loves me (fact)
This one Runner should fit better. 
I wonder if that's because it doesn't accept rentry at all.
Very original sleepish
Attempt.
Appreciate Hornette sleeping
Test on AOM3, by the way.
I get it, incels already get it in different forms.
Very worried Horny.
"So, you're fearful of coming out of here huh."
Haven't genned with these prompts in a while, forgot how nice it looks
Goa forgot to wear something
Baboooooooooom
You always wear so much, Saeriah. Don't you get too hot working in the fields like that?
uuooooh, cute!
nighty night thread gotta sleep now
Farming-Saeriah looks tired and is all dirty, why doesn't she want to go back to being glamourous in her ((throne room)), (sitting on throne)?
Goblins are approaching the farm, she will defend it while I am at work.
THe AI wants back, regardless of prompts. the ai wants back and now so do I
Fine, I'll leave! Fuck lady, I just wanted to see if you were interested in wholesaling, no need to get medieval about it.
Do your waifus study?
Coyote is using very comfortable clothes.
I don't think Goa forgot anything though.
New Vegas Hana v Reptar
Hana hanging out with a giant cowboy lizard with an ahoge. I guess.
This is not going according to keikaku
Am I doing this right?
It seems I flew too close to the sun
desu I missed you, Goblinanon
i finally finished re4 remake i cant wait for the fifth game to be remade so i can enjoy one of my favorite games of all time with these graphics
