What music do robots listen to? 
Share your taste anon.
No one fucking cares faggot. Get a personality
Why so upset? You could transfer that anger to operating SAM emplacements and denying the enemy air superiority.
Yeah I'm sorry man that was mean
link the site mr anon
Uh? Bumperino?
ah nevermind i found it and it's too much work. you're a psychopath for making that btw
deftones and gorillaz is alright, dont really recognize anything else here
you can just link your lastfm account like i did
just got into gee tee 
good band with nice tunes
I listen to a lot of random music, currently I've been into early 2000's grime, but literally anything goes. This is a chart from the last month(?), but generally I feel these don't represent my music taste very well
You guys have to stop listening to meme music.
it's just music bro, where's your chart?
Very little music since forever. Even less in the left five years. I dug Pang and Vespertine. I listen to Spotify's weekly discovery nowadays. Have been listening to twice lately.
what the hell is meme music?
i went to topsters and had one mostly finished :3
do you guys hate me because my favorite gorillaz album is the now now?
i'm curious to see one that actually represents your music taste
my taste is pretty basic (and gay)
i'm curious to see one that actually represents your music taste
Kind of impossible to do in a chart, but this is a mix of my favourite albums by my favourite artists (cringe)
crowded house, kino
cities aviv
clouddead
tim hecker
have a nice life
yep, im thinking based
Daedelus, Flying Lotus, M83
amazing choices
crystal castles ii and iii are awesome
cc has an amazing catalogue, it's a shame ethan is a scumbag
i know right?! damn wtf ethan....
Guided by voices on repeat
This is my past month. Haven't made one of these in forever and it doesn't look any different. I always try listening to new music, but I keep coming back to the same stuff. Especially when I drink. I think the only reason Manfred Mann is on there is because of this song. I listen to it multiple times everyday. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=TsCCgwvT3bs&amp;pp=ygUaTWFuZmVkIG1hbm4gYWludCB0aGF0IGxvdmU%3D [Embed]
+Huey Lewis
Love the silent hill soundtracks.
Haven't listened to any of this, sorry.
wow some fellow Yamaoka enjoyers, nice. really the only thing i have in common with anyone else in this thread.
https://youtu.be/nc-pim1Y-Rc [Embed]
>/x/28839833
>/sci/13292732
no one has ever been on my level
molchat doma? based
you're very cool, my friend
