i will go first. 
i am a citizen of 3 countries: the US, the UK, and New Zealand
ive never met anyone else who is a triple citizen
so what makes (You) rare?
I'm a very logical person and I try to be self-aware and non-hypocritical.
I'm the only person with the kind of teeth that I have, I have a de novo mutation.
post them!!n what teeth do you have
The only video I have of a dental mold of mine is on a channel linked to my real name. I'll just describe them a bit instead to make it a bit harder for anyone to find out that I post here. I have hypodontia and both my lateral incisors and bottom wisdom teeth didn't form. My upper wisdom teeth(before I had them pulled), my last upper pair of molars and my premolars however have their cuspids(the raised bits) being rearranged so that one cuspid is large and sharp but the other cuspids are tiny and clumped together. It's nothing super cool but it's something none of my relatives have and I've never met anyone else with similar teeth(nor have any of my dentists over the years).
size 15 feet
Instead of male and female i identify as bunnygender.
My gender is fluffy and cute i wear warm rabbit onesies and my preffered pronouns are bun/bunself.
6'5" grill
fuck
at least proportions matched, not elongated looking stick insect freak
fuck
Why? I mean there are guys who don't care about girls' height
I have never experienced that in my life
And absolutely other women do
American shoe size, right? Do any stores have your shoe size in stock or do you have to order them online?
Out of curiosity what's the minimum height for a guy that you'd date?
I have never experienced that in my life
You are experiencing that right now :p
And absolutely other women do
Yeah but who cares? Some people will come up with absolutely anything just to hate on you
Like 5'6" maybe? In theory at least, but the shit we'd get from other people would be too much I think
Not in person
I cares...
Not in person
If you're in the UK, I can do that. I'm a bit injured so I can't really travel much right now.
I cares...
:( Don't get trapped in their mediocrity. It's just crabs in a bucket mentality.
Honestly I'd be more concerned with how the partner may feel about it. I know for a lot of guys they'll feel insecure if they're shorter than the woman they're with. I might be biased as to not caring about the shit other people would give me though, I'm used to it and I don't like going out in public anyway. Best of luck, fellow over 6'er.
I care, as in, that's hot as fuck.
Im 6'8" let's make tall kids
Yeah american, EU size 50. 
Shopping in stores is a waste of time i have never found my size, and online only the most boring base model shoes have my size as the largest.
Sounds like a major pain. I hope whoever you order shoes from at least allows you to return them if they don't fit well. Have people ever made shoe size jokes(I.E. "You know what they say about people with big feet")?
I'm not concerned how he feels because if he feels bad I'll just pick him up and hug him better
Where you are
Sorry not UK tfw no brit bf
Man, all the fucking time lol. But yeah i do return shoes often because i take chances with 14.5/14 and sizes vary a lot between brands.
I'm in the netherlands, land of the tall.
I think that might deepen his insecurities, honestly. Men like being the protector/tough one, most of the time. I guess a submissive BF would be up for that though.
How about socks? Are socks ever an issue? I figure most socks would be a pain to put on and the shorter socks just wouldn't get high enough to hit your ankles.
so what makes (You) rare?
i finished over 130 games last year
Socks in my size are even less common so i basically have to make do with 1/2 sizes smaller, which honestly isn't that bad since they stretch a little.
I am US fuck
There's a point where desires run up against hard reality, I'm not sure if a guy that height could even imagine to feel protective
Sorry not UK tfw no brit bf
Not Brit, just in the UK lol. Are you in Europe at least?
I'm not concerned how he feels because if he feels bad I'll just pick him up and hug him better
That sounds very sweet for someone like me who doesn't care but yeah, I guess most men would be offended. I'm not sure if you're looking for a submissive bf either, although I'm not submissive myself. I just don't really care about height because I don't think it really affects much from a practical perspective. It's not like I'm so short I can't survive either. It's just an excuse for people to be mean.
tfw no 6'5" US gf 
not sure if i can cope anon
That's good at least, although if you're stretching out your socks a bit to make them fit right then I figure that might also get holes poked in them easier. Do you have to replace your socks more often than other people you know?
I mean, if the height gap was closer then I imagine they could. Male build difference + male muscle compositional difference would at least make whoever you're with not feel so weak that you'd be the better option to protect them. Using myself as an example I'm about 2 inches shorter than you are and I imagine I'd still feel fine as the protector.
That little difference sure, I was talking about like a 5'6" guy
Yeah, near a foot of difference then I imagine that's just too much for anyone who's not super submissive and I've never met a girl who actively wanted a submissive man. Best of luck, giant anon.
No i don't think they wear out any faster actually, suprisingly.
I wish I was able to say the same for me, I've got a pretty weird space between my big toe and the rest of my toes and I end up poking holes through my socks all of the time. I don't really have a soft carpet to walk on with my socks though, that might also be it. I actually need to get new socks since I'm all out now...
BUMPddd omg you simps leave the tall girl alone
I can't stand the sound of pencils, it's more akin to pain than discomfort, so much so that I do everything I can to avoid it. Thinking about it for too long will make me wretch and be able to smell pencils. Holding a pen, using one hand to cover one ear and mashing my other ear into my shoulder, all day, every day for 13 years has left me with a lot of back pain.
It's a shame because I want to be a teacher. I tutored other kids during school, helped so many of them pass their exams, but I could never be a teacher with all of those pencils. A lot of other kids believed me and many would accommodate me and use pens, but no teachers ever did.
Never met anyone else so unable to deal with certain sounds, so I guess it's rare?
this is a thread for special people not 'special' people anon. btw i only have 7 fingers
I'm here because I'm "special". If I were just regular special, I'd probably be somewhere doing interesting things with other interesting people.
Did you lose 3 fingers or did they never form?
No one has the same finger prints as me :)
Is one of your hands a lobster claw/pig's trotter, like Alex Brooker?
Sounds like misophonia, you should look into earplugs designed for people with it. If you're willing to spend a bit, you could get a nice pair that can block out background noises like pencils whole still allowing you to hear a conversation or w/e
what makes (You) rare?
I'm an angel living as a human on earth.
Anon, you're using a lot of specific terms to refer to shit nobody understands. Post a pic
Im a genetic freak when it comes to abs. Anyone i know, even the ones who exercise regularly cant compete with my lazy lucky ass.
Bases, what superpowers do you have
As I have order to live a ordinary human life, I don't have any superpowers so far. Only that I can see ghosts and demons, if that counts.
I apparently have extra pigmentation in my eye. The guy gave it a close look and basically said it's benign but I will prob have eyeball cancer.
Doesn't matter, I'm pretty much blind without glasses anyways.
