Don't most women that lust after Korean guys know that 80% of their face is the work of plastic surgery?
What will they do after their korean husbadno gives them a kid with real asian features that look nothing like his plastic face?
At least with black and latino guys they are loved for their actual natural faces and they rarely if ever get plastic surgery
You are doomed to be alone FriedChickenCel
The seething koreans were stupid. The seething anti-koreans are equally stupid. All faggots who care about race except as an ironic meme should kill themsleves.
Korean men barely have surgery. Wow a great 2%!
Disgusting. Black men are the most unattractive men by far.
Why does it hurt your ego so much that some women are attracted to asian men? I've had yellow fever for as long as I can remember, not just because of k-pop or whatever.
http://humanphenotypes.net/ManchuKorean.html
Funny thing is although it's stereotyped as feminine South Koreans have some of the manliest features. Widest jaws and shit. Most people don't look like kpop guys. They look like gigachad
Frauding works, it gives you a halo effect, humans are flawed creatures.
When a normie sees a pretty girl with makeup, he just thinks "wow, a beautuful girl", not knowing what she may look like without it.
When you wear elevator shoes that don't look super weird, people will naturally assume you are that height, and they will react to you that way.
When you wear baggy clothes as a skinny bastard, people subconsciously see you as bigger, even though they logically know you are a skinny bastard.
These are all just natural automatic reactions. If you look good, you will benefit from it, doesn't matter how you got there.
But I mean what's the obsession with Koreans. They actually have gigachad features that you hate. Japanese men and some Chinese men with Korean style will literally pull it off better than Korean dudes.
So you're saying it's not media but South Koreans are less likely to have the features you adore compared to other Northeast Asian groups. Shit make no sense.
Surgery or not, gookcels are undesirable.
left is actually so much cuter
Look up this dude Hyun Jin 
Imo I don't think most Korean celebrities get plastic surgery it's just makeup. 
This guy looked like a gigachad while conscripted
t. Never even considered or though much about plastic surgery.
That thing is mostly reserved for celebrities, rich people, or obsessed lookists. It doesn't matter which nation gets the most PS, the vast majority of it's total population will still never get close to a PS surgeon.
Can you really do nothing but scour the internet for PUA and similar videos/content. I swear this is just 1 kid in this board doing this.
Go pick up an MMO to better waste your time, lmao.
even then its not all of them. plenty of k-celebs never had procedures
I think these plastic surgeons always pull some fuckery too. Like notice how the guys skin and hair looks better in the 2nd pic, with a nicer shirt. Literally using makeup and angles and changing the hair and clothes to make it look like more of a transformation. Some scam shit I would never go to that clinic
I think especially young girls only see the kpop and drama stars and don't even realize how koreans really are. It's a country that wasn't really discussed a lot years ago but now is in the limelight. They have pretty wired standards for those guys and well you see how those stans talk about them and it's kinda horrifying
cope u would go 10 times over
u need it kek
