why don't girls like gaming? why do the girls who do like gaming always play the most laidback casual games? why do girls who don't play the most laidback games only play the most popular games?
If you count vtubers as girls in this scenario, they're all either playing sponsored games, PopCap games, or strange horror D tier indie games 
Yet no girls who play Worms...
i play tekken and i'm emperor rank, i'd destroy you fags lmao
One girl did, she goes by Matou Sakura
tekken is a popular game i think
I would call it popular in brand recognition only.
It doesn't have a ton of activeplayer like any fighter
out of the hundreds of people who have LNNs in touhou, only one is a girl afaik
the summit is a lonely place
Because evolutionarily, women succeeded by being attractive and forming social relationships. Guys succeeded in similar ways, but with a much bigger focus on competition and teamwork. It's not a coincidence that the most competitive games are always 99% guys.
my gf likes playing games with me. She still enjoys the typical laid back games but we play runescape together worms armageddon and a some other good co-op games like golden eye
why don't girls like gaming? 
They do
why do the girls who do like gaming always play the most laidback casual games? 
Because they are fun, not all gameplay has to be a showcase of skill
Why do you think? They are easily accessible
maybe because laidback casual games are actually fun and playing videos games is about having fun
I LOVE fps games. Actually addicted to them. I cant seem to get addicted to games like minecraft or stardew valley, but ill play them if i wanna vibe with someone.
But holy fuck i just love shooting shit
A better question to ask is: why is gamer rage exclusively a male phenomenon?
what are your favorites and what are your favorite shooters that aren't fps
tldr testosterone
Apex legends(was my main game for a few years, was so addicted), COD Black ops, Valorant( current game im on these days), and idk if i have third person shooters that i can name at the top of my head rn. I definitely love third person too but im not gonna say Fort because i dont really like it. Rogue Company was fun ig
women literally dont exist on the internet. i have NEVER seen a woman use an electronic device in my LIFE, I'm convinced most of them arent even sure what's their purpose.
