Got laid in a loving relationship and lost my virginity at 21, here's what I learned:
1. You have no clue what you want until you actually try it. I see people on the internet panting over goth or trad bitches (most of whom never had sex before) and it sounds similar to a kid of dreaming of having a car they saw in "Pimp my ride". You can't unsee design flaws after riding a normal car. Also, sex positions that may look sexy in porn may be very painful and uncomfortable for you. Your fetishes change. Shit that you might've found sexy prior, could become repulsive (for some people literally).
2. It doesn't matter that much how ugly a person is. If you're having a good time, your partner could look like Danny Devito, they're gonna look like Aphrodite or Apollon to you. Why do you think there are so many couples that have 8/10 women married to 3/10 bald fat fucks that work at construction sites? (This seems particularly common in Europe for whatever reason). What matters is presentation. Hygiene, how you dress, how you talk, manners, etc. Yeah sure, bunch of narcissistic bimbos/himbos will dump you over miniscule shit and things you have no control over, but you really don't want to be in a relationship or even a hook up with a person you'd see on gender wars podcast or some shit. You're literally better off being a virgin or just hiring a prostitute.
3. Weirdly enough, BDSM and other kinky shit as degenerate as it seems, is actually a strong sign that the couple have been together for a long time and are loyal to one another. Since they can do stuff to each other nobody on a basic hook up or a cheap prostitute would do, it acts as a codependency of sorts. Also, for BDSM to even work, communication is VITAL. Which just so happens to be important in maintaining relationships. Sexual compatibility is not found, it's formed.
didn't read
tell me about her, where's she from?
does she shave? how kinky is she? how often do you fuck? does she swallow cum and piss?
Congrats, I got laid at 21 too.
What I learned was that sex with a condom isn't worth the effort.
I was like you.
Then you will discover how awful things can be.
That you really have to strugle to maintain a relationship.
And that the boredom and monotony ghosts are harder to beat that you think.
Nevertheless, enjoy your relationship. 
Be mature and you will have a good person in your life.
Migrated from Ukraine to my hellhole of a country. Can't speak my native language, but we do well in english. Ocassionaly we speak russian just so I could practice as I always wanted to learn it at speaking level.
Shaves
Open to trying new things
When I stay over, we have sex 1-2 times in a day
Can't swallow xd
tfw 22 year old virgin with mental illness
Migrated from Ukraine to my hellhole of a country.
what country? in europe?
Open to trying new things
Like what? 
Can't swallow xd
L.
Oh, it definitely isn't easy. We live in two different towns and I need to go on 3 hour bus drive to meet her. On top of that she works a night shift so we don't have a lot of time to text. Things aren't made easier by the fact that I have aspirations to study in a foreign country. Maybe I could convince her to travel together... but I honestly don't know Regardless if it's doomed to fail or not, I don't regret the experience.
Lithuania
We tried anal... didn't work out. Apparently we both need practice before we can even enjoy it.
how did you meet her? tinder? bars? you're just a normie aren't you. There's no point or lesson to this thread.
There's no UA refugees in my country so what can I learn here. 
how long do you fuck? do you eat her out or not? is she hypersexual? addicted to it?
i'm poly/enm and make no commitments because everyone fattens and ages at a faster rate than me
le it doesn't matter if you're ugly, just do le hygiene xD
Migrated from Ukraine
You only managed to get her bc her landsmen are getting cucked by boris rn, your insights aren't as groundbreaking as you make them out to be.
Decided to use Tinder out of boredom last summer. No fuckin clue how that worked out.
I guess that makes me a normalfag by 4chan standards, but still an outcast by reddit standards. Losing my vriginity has left me in a predicament where I can't relate to chads or incels. I'm an outcast shunned by other outcasts.
I wouldn't call her hypersexual, she just loves physical affection.
We have tasted one another.
I mean... is doing hygiene really that groundbreaking? IDK, it might be to people on this board.
Also, again, since young age I frequently see couples where the beauty disparity is rather large. I don't know what to really say to you, besides that my experience tells me different things.
Decided to use Tinder out of boredom last summer. No fuckin clue how that worked out.
yeah you were just a dormant normie. get out.
We have tasted one another.
ew pussy tastes disgusting
It doesn't matter what you look like
What matters is how you dress
Lol. Crazy how you can admit that looks matter but you'll still refuse the fact that shit like height matters. How tall are you? Have you ever been called handsome?
yeah you were just a dormant normie. get out
How about no?
Presentation doesn't equate to looks
But eh, we're getting into semantics territory, I'd rather throat a cactus.
I mean... is doing hygiene really that groundbreaking? IDK, it might be to people on this board.
That's not what I meant. To me your OP came across as a whitepill, sort of like: 
it's not as bad as you think senpais, wagmi if you just act normal!
What I say however is that you don't really have the proper evidence to support that. Yes, I agree that Ukrainian women can be beautiful but that's not the point. You don't have to compete with their own men to a very large degree and they are desperate for beta bux bc they're povertymaxxed so you unironically have a huge advantage over them, therefore your advice isn't as valid. I really don't mean to be an asshole about it, I think it's nice that you found a gf and that you're sharing what that's like but I just don't agree with what you're saying. There really is no hope for a lot of us (for me there is tho, I'm a turbonormie, I'll just never believe the bluepill)
Funny how you didn't answer my questions and perform mental gymnastics instead. You're a genetically blessed normalfag who can get dates on Tinder and tells himself it's because of meaningless shit like clothes, not his face and height.
you got lucky and are good looking since you met her off tinder
That's fair, what evidence can I bring with an anonymous post? You need to take my word for it that I'm not a sweaty virgin that hasn't just made up an anime romcom plotline. But likewise, I'd also need to trust your word that you are turbonormie and not deprecating yourself to prove a point. In retrospect, this site is not really great for debate.
Okay, there is one thing I kinda lied to ya... It's not a girl, it's a guy.
LMAO, you actually thought I dated a girl? Wait for part 2 in /LGBT/
Thanks for the compliments on my looks though. Really nice confidence boost for a day.
what evidence can I bring with an anonymous post
No I mean the very fact that she's a Ukrainian refugee automatically disqualifies your post bc as I said you have an advantage over her that you don't have over your own landswomen. I can believe you're not the typical predditor neckbeard archetype but remember that most men are unattractive to women. 
likewise, I'd also need to trust your word that you are turbonormie
See picrel, my stats using tinder since November. I used to be utter trash which is why I ended up here, and I like it so much here that I never left. I still don't have a gf though bc girls still think I'm not attractive enough (they're chad only)
lithuania
fucking called it...
Why do you think there are so many couples that have 8/10 women married to 3/10 bald fat fucks that work at construction sites?
i've literally never seen this ONCE in my entire life. even when it's a cuck that's dating a woman he's at least a 4/10.
