In a rare case, Supreme Court overturned the sentence of a 20-year-old migrant arrested for raping a 10-year-old boy at a swimming pool in Austria.
According to a report intheIndependent,the judges observed that the accused might have believed that the victim had consented to the sexual act.
The 10-year-old victim was brutally raped by the accused in a swimming pool cubicle at The Resienbad, and was found crying by the lifeguard.
On being questioned by the police, he responded saying that though he knew such an act was 'forbidden in any country of the world', it was a sexual emergency as he had not had sex in past four months.
https://www.deccanchronicle.com/world/europe/251016/court-overturns-verdict-of-austrian-man-who-raped-boy-calling-it-sexual-emergency.html
So what's your excuse Austrian robots? Why haven't you claimed your rightful sexual emergency yet?
Sorry m'lady, it's a sexual emergency.
10 year old
victim had consented
Every one of those pedophiles in their "supreme court" would be fucking hanged if there were any actual justice in the world, Jesus Christ. Father of the victim has an obligation to kill them all, any less would be abandonment of his duty as a father.
swimming pool cubicle
Imagine living in these countries and not snapping. I could never. Something about my autism brain abhors injustice so much that I would literally go insane and have a mental breakdown if my country was this unjust.
Seriously. I have no kids, and I think I would try and trust the justice department at first but this would be the most demotivating thing to hear. I don't know what I would do afterwards. Scary to think about having kids and being responsible and letting this happen.
There is no scenario that can play out after such a judgement that doesn't end in me trying to kill the maximum number of people. Lay low for ~2 years, acquire explosives, do the job.
thats hot desu orirfi
At that point, the whole city has an obligation
I thereby declare every native European woman to submit quietly and without resistance to the sexual needs of all migrant men. *bang* *bang *bang*
Europeans do be like that
The crime became public knowledge in February 2016, and in June the man was sentenced to a minimum six years in jail. 
In October, the Supreme Court of Austria overturned his rape conviction and ordered a retrial. At the retrial his sentence was increased to 7 years. 
In May 2017, the man's sentence was reduced to four years.
Just Be Afghan is law
sexual emergency
There is no way that would fly here, especially for a white person.
Also, it's wild that the victim was the most degenerate choice the attacker can make. A kid? A male kid? Well congrats, now you're a pedo and a faggot. You could have at least targeted a grown man or grown woman. I don't understand at all how this sick fuck isn't buried under the jail.
natalists be like: another satisfied customer-
thong
giant ass heels
She's clearly a slut and deserved it
Incel is secretly a gay pedo
Wow. Shocker
And that's why you don't trust Indian newspapers because their English isn't that good
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/austria-swimming-pool-rape-theresienbad-vienna-iraqi-refugee-a7473441.html
This. Still too lenient, but OP the Faggot should not have omitted this.
If he raped a female child he would have gotten 30 years
Yeah. Because white men never rape white kids or anything. There arent thousands of cases of white men raping babies and toddlers and prepubescent children severely. I guess all white men are pedo rapists then. Since the tiny percentage of refugees who commit these acts clearly tar every single brown person with the same brush. 
Same logic applies to whites right. All ethnic Austrians are incestuous rapists because of Fritzl.
10 year old boys can't consent
But then how would the retards enjoytheir bait?
Honestly it's irrelevant if he consented or not. The act is inherently perverse.
You won't do shit tho
based, wh*toids get what they deserve
To be fair, the sexual emergency bit is hilarious. But it's still a /pol/bait thread even if the outrage is warranted and the situation is ridiculous.
She has a pretty ass. The panties and heels are sexy too.
Deccan Chronicle 
Source some obscure pajeet media
with reviews such as
"The articles mostly by editor attack religions directly, it does not show the fact in general but seriously blames sometimes hindus or muslims for some section of problems in the country. They are biased in writing which is not a good journalism"
They don't have ethical values.
etc
Sage and carry on ffs.
It's real you fucking bitchboy. This is where the 'sexual emergency' meme came from.
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vienna_swimming_pool_rape
20% of little boys are raped and or molested. Why ain't 20% of the adult male population in jail for commiting these crimes?
true. but it's kinda weird how white women in europe will fuck afghans fresh off the boat, who have really primitive, medieval values about women. I'm an afghan and wish I could taliban maxx but I'm too autistic for that.
Guys like this step off the boat and enter europe and are immediately rewarded with teenage white pussy.
Well shit. I admit it when I am wrong. 
Got no comment really. In Iraq or wherever the fuck he was from, they'd behead him for that.
