Does anyone else have a ringing in one of their ears?
Since I was a baby or just after that I always could hear in my left ear a faint high pitch frequency, If I put my fingers in both my ears and listen, it becomes really loud, and I can't stop hearing it.
Everyday it's there
When I try to sleep it's there
I only ever once in my whole life never had it and that was after hitting the top of my head with my hand by accident and it stopped, I ran around the house listening to everything without the ringing, all my stress left and it was amazing but I fell asleep and when I woke up it was back
Put your fingers in your ears and see if you can hear a ringing, listen to the faint high pitched sound
I have constant tinnitus in both ears. Forecasts I had intermittent tinnitus, mainly in my left ear, but I took fluoxetine for 6 weeks in 2019, and as a side effect it caused constant permanent tinnitus. A permanent side effect.
It's very annoying.
*for ages I had intermittent tinnitus
How does a drug create Tinnitus? If a drug can create it maybe one can get rid of it. That drug must have effected the part that causes it so couldn't they reverse it?
I hate it because it never leaves me, apart from when I hit my head on top. best feeling to never hear it
There are many antidepressants on the market, and a handful of those can cause tinnitus. Prozac, Lexapro, Zoloft, Amitriptyline, Doxepin and Tricyclics have all been linked to tinnitus. Although more rarely, Wellbutrin has also been linked to tinnitus
This is fucked up
I don't know, the side effective was, can cause or worsen tinnitus. I remember the last day I experienced silence was, 15th september 2019.
It was prozac (UK name was fluoxetine).
I've had it for over half my life at this point. Luckily not bad enough to notice unless someone points it out. It does bother me a little I'll never experience true silence. I care a lot about all noise, background car sounds, loud sounds like vacuums, etc.
Forgot to say, I'm wary about medication now, unless I have to, I don't really take medicine. Our medicines are shit, just designed to treat the symptom, not the cause, and I don't want to be involved in it.
I also forgot to say to you, I'm on amitriptyline, using it as a sleeping tablet. That hasn't made a difference, it's neither worsened, nor improved.
