It seems you faggots have long forgotten, so i will remind you: If a thread is supposedly created by a "fembot" DO NOT ENGAGE! It is CERTAINLY a tranny or ragebait troll. You are all falling victim to the oldest trick in the book: "I am a woman teeheehee!"
And even if they are verifiably real, it's not worth bumping their threads. Do not feed in to their attention hungry nature. That is all
Thanks fren.i wish mods and jannies weren't complete troons
Petition to instapermaban anyone who makes a "femanon here" thread or the like. Or just filter "femanon "girl" "cis woman" etc. to "transgender"
That'll just make them want to be here more. You see, women want to invade spaces where they believe not many other women are, especially places where they believe the men do not have much contact with women. This is because they can easily bait attention because "look at me! I'm special here! I am the object of your desire!". The women that come here are suffering from a lack of attention, maybe their bf isn't talking to them, or they don't have anyone to care about them or make them feel special. Unlike the normal, healthy man who realizes these feelings are immature, childish nonsense, and that no actions should be taken upon these feelings; women are conditioned to believe it's healthy and normal to feel like this and that it's ok to continue baiting for attention, because they will always receive it. And my source, my evidence that any of this is based on anything factual? Because I am one and I know this because I did just that, the only difference is I grew up and stopped being such a faggot, and if I ever mention that I am a woman, I leave the thread and never read any replies, so I can ensure what I do is never a bait for attention.
Though most "women" on here are trannies, and trannies are nothing but an entire pathetic cry for attention, worse than women, worse than suicide baiters, and worse than Native Americans who tell archeologist that they can't uncover more about American history because digging up some pots would defile the great Tee Hee Hoo Haa god and their ancestors or whatever bullshit they thought of when smoking a fat one and living off welfare their whole life
