Fill it out, fake fem"bot"s.
Why aren't tattoos in here? It's the similar to colorful dyed hair but worse because it's permanent
okie dokie anon, for you anything
Here you go, anon.
original
Does it ever strike you as sad that this whole bingo card is basically a Tinder gripe list for failed wannabe fuckbois?
Non-virgin should be in the centre.
women can get sex so easily its not that noteworthy
Working on that one desu but it's really hard
Why don't you have a job or plans?
Having an outie isnt a red flag youre just retarded xD
Cope
Lol what the fuck is this even? are you suggesting STDS come from outies xD
Please stop smoking, get a job, and figure out what you want in life and how to get it
No she's right, it's genetic. Virgins can still have two inch roast. There used to be a girl here who'd pull on her labia, one of her lips is probably fairly long now
What are the requirements?
There is no point in doing any of that but I appreciate it anon
There are no women here anon are you retarded? Instead I filled the bingo to show what I would not like in a future partner.
What do you think?
I am already disgusted by the amount of non-virgins there are in this thread.
my ex, found out she sent nudes to her fwb probably fucked some but when i asked her for anything sexual she said she wasn't sexual anymore
is it over oregano
Many such cases and no, you're fine.
19 year old fembot here lol. i guess i'm the last real fembot among all these damn fake newfags!!!
In my defense I'm overweight by like 5 lbs per my doctor but technically that still counts 
Also all women are picky about dick size, every single one, the ones who say otherwise are lying to you
i'm more picky about height and face. i've slept with over 30 guys and most of them can't make you cum even if their dicks are on the bigger size unless it's a specific size and shape which is rare anyway. also, how am i supposed to even get horny for an ugly short guy with a big dick?
Picky can mean unaccepting of tiny dicks or it can mean only accepting of large dicks. In this context I think it's clearly referring to the latter.
I was born with my vagina like this I am going to bludgeon you to death
When you and other anons say outie, what exactly do you mean? I get the general gist of it but the level to which one is an outie can vary quite wildly.
mines not too bad but it still pisses me off
6'3, average in Norway for guys is 6'0 and that's baaaad lol prefer tall guys. dick size is pretty whatever for me tho
And probably a lot more not listed on here
gross because why would i share that information online
damn you got a bingo for being a bimbo
Not a one of us is perfect, anon. Wabisabi.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0yYqeDb1rw [Embed]
you're literal trash, I hope you know that.
Why are you not feminist?
I am 27 too, it cannot get any worse.
One has to wonder why you'd be a feminist, on this board of all places, as a 27 year old.
can't really align myself with any feminist movement so i just don't call myself one. only radical feminism comes close in some aspects but it doesn't really account for race crime statistics lol
name a more iconic duo, you literally cannot
I hate having a 3D vagina so much it is unreal vaginas are terrifying.
About the feminist stuff, I am not delusional-radical or anything, I just know there are issues that need to be changed like marriage at 12, porn industry trafficking etc. Plus I am not American, your feminists are embarrassing and give us all a bad name. 
About my age, well, there are anons older than me here too, I just like to spend time here because some threads are fun. 
Why is it bad? Monkey brain sexual desires are perfectly fine if there is consent, it has nothing to do with human rights and cultural/societal progress feminists advocate for, no?
I'm a normie with a body count of 1, but still wanted to fill it out lol.
the only one I'm not sure about is "dresses sexy in casual settings", because that depends on context. I think most american women probably dress sexier than me. but I live in an country and area where wind jackets and jeans are the norm, so me liking to wear dresses means I do dress more sexy than most women here.
Ah, I wouldn't have even checked the feminist box then if you're a feminist in a country with actual problems like child marriage.
NTA but in America and a lot of the west they often are openly against domineering/dominant men in both the bedroom and in real life and yet they secretly want both. It's an odd conundrum, just like feminist men here being predatory towards women.
Based sex-averse femanon.
That looks ok.
How did you manage to have sex as a fat NEET? Teach me. Unless it was rape or sth
You do not hold long, interesting conversations.
you don't know me anon!
i am so pure
idk why my bf even puts up with me lmao.
My gf - 31 f
it'd be too much work to find another girl. 
anyways post some of them nudes for us baby
What'll you do when she cheats on you?
prefers ethnicities other than her own
I'm half white and prefer white guys so I assume that counts.
outie
Had one for my whole life. Not sure why it's on here, it's just genetics.
feminist
In the 'men and women should be treated fairly' way, not the 'women are better and deserve privileges' way.
My mum is a melodramatic schizo and my dad believes everything she says so how am I supposed to get along with them.
I am not sex adverse. Simply, I do not wish to ever pry inside my own and see what nightmare awaits me down in those depths.
She's not fat. Just a bit over weight.
This is so retarded and obviously made by a sheltered incel because real Chads who party and fuck a different woman every day wouldn't give a single fuck about
He's probably a loser like you and can't do any better.
Averse, anon.
These are (potential, subjective) red flags for relationships, not one night stands.
not her but whats wrong with a high bodycount?
non virgin -> one partner
dog -> chiwawa
swears a lot -> very cringy I know I should get a swear pot
Nothing, men are just insecure
I am retarded, thank you for correcting me. But yes my point still stands, almost all of 3D vaginas are eldritch beings. I believe 3D vaginas are sentient beings with a mind of their own.
High body counts mean you are far more likely to end up divorcing. Because I want children, and because divorce/single parenthood screws over kids so hard, I want to avoid that at all costs. Therefore, high body count is a pretty big red flag.
This is the single most retarded post in this thread so far
Well, there's a reason you aren't a lesbian, right? I like vaginas. Perhaps, though, you should learn to like yours more. It'd upset me to be with a partner so insecure with their own body as to describe a beautiful part of it as an "eldritch being".
Why? Is it not true? You're welcome to sleep with as many men as you want, more power to you, it just means I'm not interested in you.
How do you manage to browse this board without seeing shit like this?
Here are what I'd see as red flags for them
This is clearly biased and unfair, whatever!!
You are a low IQ retard. Stats show promiscuity = higher divorce rate. Even a body count of 1 makes a woman trash
They wouldn't be red flags for a Chad because he's already involved with a promiscuous lifestyle
They are red flags for men that are looking for marriage
i like other women and want them to be safe and succeed but i also want the same for men.
i wouldn't call myself a feminist, at least not how the word is used today.
Okay, but just saying they are red flags for men looking for marriage. Ya, a typical fuckboi isn't looking for love so they'll just go for any hole.
Because women were never opressed basically. It doesn't make any sense that an oppressed group literally shared a bed a bed with their oppressors.
Unfortunately.
Get out of your house for once, please.
Look at math for once in your life, you dumb nigger 
Your feewings isn't > than math just because it hurts you. You fucked up, whore. You're no longer desirable to men looking for marriage.
How'd my wife do arcanine?
Technically she's over 4 body count cuz I'm her fifth but I gave her a pass on that one
I think other girls are annoying and entitled and I am kind of a simp for the male object of my affection
The only three i fill are male dog but hes small, feminist and wants to be hard dommed, mixed so xant be picky with race
Your photoshop's no better than your pickup game, no wonder you're a khv
If you see that as a red flag, then I have bad news for you, OP... you might be gay.
Why no plans?
Your pussy is cute anon there's no need for violence
You don't think basically being an object and having no rights is not oppression?
Here's the requested data. Enjoy.
It could get better though. Get a job and stop smoking for a start
Why do you hate it? Why do you think it's an eldritch horror?
You are not, race traitor
radfem ftw
is it over folks?
I find it hilarious how everyone says incels should stop using dating apps yet every girl in this thread uses dating apps to find chads and apparently also has tons of male "friends" aka orbiters for emotional support to get the emotional support and pillow talk they don't get from chads. Call it sour grapes but I'm glad I'll die alone without ever being remotely tempted to even enter a relationship with a modern woman
I would've made for an alright woman
Looks weird. I can stand 2D but I wince and cringe when I see the inside of 3D vaginas. Maybe I should channel my morbid fascination with vaginas into something productive.
Guess so. The slumbering hydra may be awakened one day.
Slumbering hydra is surely an upgrade from eldritch abomination. Look at the progress you've made in just a day!
Please stop smoking and get a job :)
6'+ at least
ideally 7" but im ok with anything as long as its average lenght and thick
i also like muscular men with chiselled faces
I accept your concession, incel.
mine is the best most sensible
what does it mean that your shared nudes could be changed back
Why hello there anon.
It means she's delusional, she also didn't check the body count over 4 despite having a body count of 5. 
OP should have added delusions and entitlement to the list.
My gf 
Made it?
I'm pretty boring, but don't really understand why it's bad to have a male dog
Get job, stop smoking, figure out plans?
