Why are White boys obsessed with Korean men?
Stop making Korean threads and Stop making Anti Korean threads.
They will never date you. Korean men are for Korean women ONLY.
I WISH white boys were obsessed with Korean men. Then i could finally get a chuddy chudjak gemeral bf
Hi, Stormy!
:3
It's not gay to fuck men under 5'7 and lighter than 120lbs, stretching twink butts is a high test activity
Korean men are for Korean women ONLY
Um, WHITE GIRL HERE and that's totally not true and it's wrong btw you fucking bigot. Go fuck yourself ricegirl
Be man
Fuck another man in the ass
Basically dominating him to the point of sex
Manly
Truth
Yes. I'd be happy with a Koreaboo wife like (Picrel). I wonder which KimChad is juicing her 3 holes right this very moment. I just wish would be me instead.
I would destroy his ass tbqh
Lmao cope and kys goockcel
i love korean men. im planning to become a passport sister and hook up with as many guys there as possible.
I have never said anything about little dick korean men. Dont give one single fuck.
Hope I catch you, baby~~
xoxo
:3
I know the best spots...
where are the best spots? i was watching some of those itaewon vids and i swear i found at least 80% of the guys in them attractive haha. why are korean men so much more handsome and well dressed and healthy bmi than western guys.
The average Korean guy doesnt look a kpop idol. But if you hit up the clubbing districts, you will see lots and lots of handsome fit KimChads, because they are popular and extroverted. Be warned though, generally good looking Korean men are fuckboys and even Korean women whine about getting pump and dumped by them all the time.
Everyone can smell your seething and Cheeto fingers through the screen, you arent fooling anyone dude
fuckboys
thats ok i just wanna have fun. i havent had a hoe phase yet and i wanna experiment and have lots of sex with cute guys before im too old.
Where are the best spots?
I could take you to the actual tourist spots in SK that isn't just a foreigner gather-uo spot like Itaewon. Whichever is closest to where you'll land.
I would be there to guide you, so there aren't worried about getting lost nor not knowing what to do.
Why are Korean men much more handsome and well dressed with healthier BMI than Western guys?
Elitist country
Superior EAzn genes
Hygiene and Style are taken very seriously
Fat = Pig
Buddy, can't I talk to a lady without interruption.
Take your chimping outside.
50th typo of the day
Mistakes
I'm on a phone outside rn, and keyboard sucks.
Jesus...
thanks for the offer korea anon, is there any way to contact you? i wanna get lost in seoul for a while, experience everything it has to offer. and korean men are just so attractive to me, i wanna hook up with some hot young guys and a couple korean dilfs too. guess i will just change my bumble or tinder location to seoul
Whoops... I'm sorry, but I can't do that. I was just teasing you, :3.
I actually already have a gf.
