pls girls dont get tattoos
Empathchan mogs her to hell and back
Wildly more attractive before fake tits, hair change, and tats.
I like tribal garbage that accentuates the bodies of women. I just don't like shit like a drawing of some mascot or some shit like that. Also those fake tits look terrible.
When I see boob scars all I can think of is transexuals. Idk who this is but she fucked up.
the only thing empie could mog is roadkill, even then only barely
le booba girl
Okay okay black tattoos look bad but imagine this : this in pastel pink. No black lines. Just pastel pink. Wouldn't it be great then?
Tats are cool but come on, this one is gotta be the most uninspired generic bs she could get. Also yeah, rip her pretty boobs
lol.
true.
hannah_uwu
and yeah, she did fuck it up
Christ, when did that happen? Her tits have been mutilated.
She's
And there are young girls that look up to her.
So sad. Fathers are a rare thing.
hot sexo
Also sauce me up niggers
She looked way better before the fake tits, such a shame. Similarly sexy girl got a terrible tattoo on her stomach. The thing is girls that are this hot, but also mentally ill enough to put themselves out in this fashion will inevitably self destruct like this pic shows, sad but true.
Such ugly horribly fake boobs...the scars are gnarly. The surgeon did her dirty. The millions she got from onlyfans couldn't get her a good plastic surgeon? Jesus
I wouldn't mind the titjob had she gotten a good one
coomer dot party slash onlyfans slash user slash hannahowo
i didnt know this existed as a counterpart to kemono
thanks man
Tehe no problem anon
But pls get breastjobs. Fate tits look great, just make sure they are not too fake looking.
Right head, left body.
How differently do fake tits feel in comparison to real tits?
dont care about the tattoos, i like a girl with tattoos, hers are fine for what they are really, but im no expert,
it just keeps happening
i got a genshin impact tattoo. will i still find a moid to love me?
Yes. Most men are very desperate and will overlook tattoos. They'll look at it in disgust every day and never say anything because men are generally broken and miserable. 
I said no to tatted girls and all of my friends would tell me I'm getting too old to be picky and some went as far as questioning my sexuality. I found a girl who became my wife down the road but it's so normal to wrangle the tatted hogs people will think you're going to kill yourself or are in the closet if you don't.
holy shit lmao. looks like a car to me with those markings. like a hot wheels car or one of those knifes 13 year olds buy because theyre "cool".
any other bongs think the right is an improvement? i mean, i'm a meek lad (fascist), so i don't like the tattoo, but the boobs rock
looks like the mona lisa
I actually like how she looks here.
There is something of a classic feminine beauty in it. Big eyes, high kind brows, thin nose, plump lips but small mouth, soft round face. This is a girl that would have been artists muse in 18th century, but modernity is spoiled by bimbowhores and animetoilets. 
Also she looks distinctely armenian
unless you have some really ugly looking or shaped tits, you should avoid getting a boob job at all costs. 95% of the time, it looks awful
oh hannah...
if you didnt get those fake boobs you couldve been part of the club
It's gotten to the point where I don't approach women because so many have tattoos, anyone could have anything anywhere I don't see, and it would ruin my physical attraction, like I would not want to be physically intimate with someone with any tattoo anywhere. I guess I have to strip-search women first before asking them out.
Like seriously. Imagine you met some cute chick in person or online, got together with her and when her pants come off or you go to the pool or beach together, you see fucking this. You never suspected it, she was too pretty for tattoos, but the has fucking tattoos on her fucking thigh, totally ruined, disgusting.
Idk it might just be me but imo tattoos really aren't that bad, it just depends on size and location mainly, and also what the tattoo is of in the first place.
I don't care what it is, although tattoos on the legs or red colored ones are the most disgusting to me. Point is that I am attracted to the entire female body, the skin, not some part of it, or something abstract like "personality." Tattoos simply ruin my sensual enjoyment of women completely.
Jesus this just convinced me to keep my flat chest
Anyone have a good torrent of hannahowo's shit?
Ive been planning to get a genshin tattoo but im scared of what moids will think because they talk about hating it so much here xD which tattoo did you get
To late anon I already got a tattoo and I love it. But I gotta say that placement and choice of what it is really sucks
Your really gonna let what retards on here say impact any decision your gonna make for yourself? Most normie men either do not care, or like them.
hot wheels tattoo.
the only good thing about her was her face, but i prefer her tits now. small ones can look nice but hers had that deflated saggy look to them. made her nipples look way nicer too.
but i'm also not really attracted to women. i'm either a closet pedo or faggot, i can't tell yet.
Well yes and i dont really plan on talking to normies now that i know how moids really think
Here is the most autistic story ever:
No, darker hair suits her better. The rest is trash tho
Normal chicks don't get shit like your pic anon
You're fucked up in the he though. Yeah tatoos are awful but is it a really deal breaker?
Normal chicks don't get shit like your pic anon
Yes they do. I constantly see examples right in front of me in real life, and online, not just porn. You really never know. And I have actually met women, approached them after class or at a party, and we were flirting with each other heavily, and then only later I see or learn about the tattoo on their calf, and I have zero interest after that
Yes. They are permanent eyesores that ruin female beauty for me. No one cares if men have tattoos, unless they're really cringe- because men are not primarily beauty objects the way female bodies are.
Tattoos reduce women from a potential partner to 100% a sexual object without any recourse what so ever.
As far as I am concerned tattoos Brand you as cattle, and that is how you deserve to be treated. 
Honestly when a girl gets a tattoo she should get herself sterilized as well, because then she can live out her life as the cum dumpster that she became without dragging anyone down with her
How was she so good at managing her image for years and then she butchers her tits and gets tattoos that look worse than biker trash on spring break?
Is she positioning her right hand to make it look as if shes pushing the booba upward? theyre so wonky it looks like her torso is about to have a vaccine induced fainting spell
i got the primordial jade winged spear &lt;3
You're a man whore
Thats so cool are you a xiao main? can u post a pic of it xD
um check the sticky freak we can't post pictures of ourselves and no i main heizou
Its just a tattoo pic but k
sorry i got a weird vibe that you were a man trying to manipulate me and i didn't like it. if you're a girl i'm sorry my fellow sexy sister, but i don't post pictures of myself on here, and if you're a man i hope you die
Oh no i just wanted to see it cus im gonna get a raiden tattoo, do you wanna add me on genshin?? Also its ok
That's the BPD stamp. everyone with a tattoo like that has BPD, guaranteed
your a man, sorry but fuck off. no I will not add you.
The hair is fine, everything else is...an eyesore.
The tattoos downgrade her right to "garbage" rating.
The tits...I like big tits, I love relatively big tits on petite women, but I like them to be natural. The same way I like everything else on a woman to be natural.
Bitch went from "cute girl" to "just another random whore" and yet, she always was just some random whore, the power of appearance/presentation.
I like your attitude, anon.
t. fellow hater of tattoos on women
anon i want you to know that wasn't me. men seem to think raiden is only for them or something like she isn't knuckles deep in yae. raiden is for the girls pussy
Fuck this world. I cant wait for the Nzis to come back so we round up all these sluts, rape them, gas them then train future girls to not be whores.
Im kind of confused here which one is the tattoo femanon ;_; yae x raiden forever pls add me,
all the girls posted in this thread for are for BKC only.
Waiting for my Stacy to fly out to Korea with her womb tattoo
I have a theory that femoids have this sport where they try to see how repulsive and grotesque they can make themselves look and stll get laid
Money doesnt buy taste.
Oh noooo men are attracted to your body and want to see it how horrible and dehumanising :(
pass
you can have her... and amouranth... gross
i have that same design on my gba sp
This is not a real tattoo though
it's actually tragic, add body piercings to that list too
that knife is badass i would buy that in a heartbeat
are those boobs on the left actually hot to men? i have similar ones, with a wide frame like her, and it just looks stupid. small boobs + a big frame on a woman is a big body failo. on left she just looks like something is missing, because the boobs don't look proportionate.
men, don't lie and pretend you don't know what i mean.
Remember her saying she literally got the first tattoo she saw. That plus the fake tits. Why do they all do this?
Only good pornstar with tattooes is Indigo White, and she's larping as FtM now so that's over.
I think its cute. 
The thing with most men is that there is a limit where a girl becomes cute. After that personality and stuff 100% takes over and is more important. This is definetly past that point, I feel like they might be a bit more semetrical but nothing to fuss over. Also better then cow tits.
I am not sure I like smaller
hot > "cute"
both look gross, would be fine if temporary
Nah I cant wait to get mine. Im planning on getting My Melody, Griffith, some cool sigil designs and a few slavic motifs. 
Maybe if her tattoo was better thought out/composed and less awkwardly cheap tribal looking?
Plus I hope her tits in that pic are still recovering? Because otherwise yeah, not the best look sadly
Not a bong, but I like fake tits. They can look nice and are probably very fun to play with.
retard
original post.
No this is not how men think.
Cute means:
Its a girl that would make a good long term partner and I would like to creampie her until she has my children.
Hot means:
I want to tap that. With a condom.
And then throw it away. 
You can decide which one you want to be.
But hot girls dancing on a stage are not cute and they are not wife material.
Women in current year are very confused on this topic but it is the truth
the most truthful post in the current year 4chan
uhh woman here, you guys think the boobs on left are hot? they look like saggy pancakes. idk maybe im not gay, but please explain
I'm hoping someone is working on an AI filter to remove tattoos.
The boobs are fine the obvious scar is not. Because of the scar we are only thinking of fake titts doesnt matter if they look good. Well hopefully the scar gets less obvious with time.
Not particularly, but that picture only has one set of boobs in it and they're on the left. The... "things..." on the right are not boobs. Not only do they not create any sexual feelings within me but they actively turn me off. It sucks every girl can't have perfect boobs. But mutilating yourself like that isn't an improvement. You're better off just making the best of what you've got. 
(BTW I say the same thing for guys re hair loss, dick size, steroids, etc.)
These boobs look better then op even though they are tiny because they are well formed
I have thought about getting a tiny compass tattooed on my hand because I always forget the difference between east and west that wouldn't be so bad right?
everyone should get tattoos. it helps your body feel more like "yours" and is a great filter for control freaks. Unless you are a slave to a super trad family, what are the downsides?
No thats absolutely horrible.
Absolutely unironically do not do it, please do not ruin yourself
the left pic is so much cuter natural hotter beautiful
but I am a 31 year old kissless virgin so I probably don't know what is best
What if it's the size of a dime
What if I did a ruler on my hand so I can cook easier/measure dude's wieners
hand tattoos are more likely to smudge, but if you're careful I think that's a funny idea
why not?
yes, that's how boobs look. fake tits almost never look better.
This is precisely the problem, so you feel like you need to express yourself using tattoos like you have absolutely nothing to say.
If you want to express yourself, then do something, I do not know, draw something, make something, talk to people, be active in the community.
Be something to someone.
You know.
But instead you think that expressing yourself means putting something - like a fad of fashion - on your skin.
There is nothing more shallow, and indeed I find it hard to find anything more vulgar then that.
Its just pure selfobsessed narcissism coupled with an incredibly shallow unreflectedness that makes it just so damming. Especially coupled with the current social trend of everyone getting a tattoo of exactly the same motive, you are just getting yourself branded as cattle just like all the other cattle.
No thank you.
A tattoo is a huge red flag.
The only case where a girl at all benefits from having tattoos is if she is already completely insane and anyone should run for their lives. It can make that insane girl hotter to fuck if you do not value your own life, also she should have lots of tattoos then. That is the only case where its at all a good thing, anything else just no.
There is nothing wrong with this.
In fact I encourage it.
not sure where you got that from. getting a tattoo is, at most, a demonstration that you can make your own decisions about your body. I'm sure some people who are very into the culture define their value based on their ink, but most people are very casual about their tattoos.
You don't have to like them, though, and in fact, it's better if you're clear about your feelings about them so people don't need to waste their time with a control freak. Literally better for everyone involved.
same, my gf just got her first tattoo and it looks great, she's probably gonna get another and I might get one, too
this posts reeks of daddy issues
I'm a male with no tattoos and I have far more mommy issues, thank you
stop trying to make people up in your head, you look ridiculous
Lmao you sound like a tranny fag.
Like the most abnoxious miserable shit you can imagine. Please get some tattoos! Especially a visible one, one that matches your personality! It will be lovely - and most of all it makes sure that everyone knows what is what
I would rather no tits than fake tits
but besides that, the tattoos look good
You got it, champ
Do you think a bionicle kanohi would make a good, small tattoo?
