I WANT TO RAPE FEMBOTS
That's for handsome men only. Sorry for telling the truth, chud.
RAPE AND COOM INTO FEMBOT PUSSY
I want to be brutally raped by a hot autistic incel from r9k
HNGGGHHH I MUST RAPE AND COOM I MUST SUCK ON FEMBOT TITTIES I MUST CHOKE THEM I MUST KIDNAP AND MAKE THEM MY COOM SLAVES IN MY COOM DUNGEON
GIVE ME YOUR ADDRESS I WILL CUM TO YOUR HOUSE
I want to lose my virginity to an autistic guy from this website who just wants to lose his virginity :p
I want to be force fed the cum of a hot autistic virgin from r9k
is it true that women get aroused by ugly bastard
me personally I don't like ugly bastards they're disgusting I only want a hot virgin creep to rape me
They get disgusted by ugly 'people'.
UGLY OR NOT HERE I CUM
please force feed me your cum anon
RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE RAPE I WILL SNATCH FROM AN ALLEY AT NIGHT I WILL SILENCE YOU WITH MY HAND WHILE IM RAPID RAMMING INTO YOU WITH NO MERCY SO MUCH FUN
Not a virgin, but I could rape you if you come here.
:3
what's your body count? I didn't know there were nonvirgins on here
not a virgin
fuck my life
I don't think I could ever even get raped. It's not rape if I like it, right?
I want to loose my virginity to rape but since I want it, it's not really rape, right?
this is confusing
tell me about how you lost your virginity
I had sex with 7 different women at least once.
I didn't know there were nonvirgins on here
Literally anyone comes here nowadays.
I had sex with 7 different women at least once.
that's disgusting, but you must be really good looking
Yeah, just be handsome, fit, and tall and casual hook-ups and sex aren't so hard to do.
I hate the idea that the guy I'm having sex with has been with another woman.
I don't know how other women do it.
manga/hentai source?
jerma would NEVER say this.
I didn't go to college after high school, so my sister said I should work at the hotel she worked at, so I did and kept working there even once she got fired.
being a male housekeeper is pretty rare, the rest of the staff, aside from our gay boss was female, mostly latina mothers who would bring their kids in sometimes. 
but two girls around my age sorta took me under their wing, one was 17 (energetic, athletic girl with enormous tits, is actually a pornstar now) and the other was 18 (funny, chubby girl with an enormous butt and piercings, two of which poked through her bra). initially, I took my lunches alone, but eventually, I would even join them for smoke breaks (even though I didn't smoke cigs, they actually bought dum dum pops just for me to have).
they were both extremely promiscuous and would talk about hookups and sex, a subject I had absolutely no experience in. I became pretty close to the chubbier girl, and she liked how large my forearms were (which are big but for a really cringey reason I'd happily disclose). I eventually told them I was a virgin and then they started talking to each other about which of them I liked. 
I dated the chubbier girl for only a few months but it was really nice, she was my first girlfriend and my first blowjob was with a girl who could deepthroat. even though it was stupid I asked her if my first time could be raw (even though she didn't take birth control).
sex was amazing but I couldn't cum (which, as much as I curse it now, is a blessing). she was fully shaved and I shaved for the occasion as well. she wasn't comfortable with me eating her out, and had to teach me how to choke her.
made some awkward mistakes like biting her pierced nipple while we were fucking, which was horrible for her but she kept going. there was a time I didn't know where to put my hands while I was thrusting which made her say "wtf".
For the most part, girls who are open to casual sex don't care if the guy they're fucking had other women before.
As for girls who want to be in an intimate and romantic relationship, they do kinda care. But they have deal with it in the end. Since to them, it's better to just suck it up than settle with a worse man.
Or if push comes to shove, a man could just keep his body count a secret until his partner is invested enough in the relationship that she can't bail just because of it.
jesus this fanfic
real life doesnt work like that
truth is stranger than fiction
want me to corroborate my story?
second dis
youre just making it as long and detailed as possible to make it seem realistic and also to give way to this excuse
truth is stranger than fiction
and youre offering to do that more
why do you need to pretend on an anon board? lmao
any sexhaver would know you are full of shit
https://hitomi.la/doujinshi/%E7%A8%AE%E4%BB%98%E3%81%91%E8%87%AA%E7%94%B1%E5%AD%A6%E5%9C%92-%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E8%AA%9E-374763-2021249.html#1
It's better to get raped by a top-tier man and have his child, than be 'married' with a betabuxx and have his incel.
It's a common sentiment, don't worry...
it's all true
shit, reading the breakup messages makes me feel like I got worse at relationships instead of better
hahahaha
sure pal, sure
Who fucking talks like that? where did you get this shit lel
if only you knew how I responded to this 
this was from the girl before this one, who was the ex-girlfriend of one of my best friends.
I wish I had the full cap, I can't seem to find it. I've seen it reposted a few times so I wonder if anyone has it.
it's all true
How is your story somehow worse than the title of this fucking thread!?
How is your story somehow worse
it's not
it's actually pretty damn good. I'm the main character who gets to say shit like howdy, shucks and ya darn tootin
