Why won't you get out of bed and start going to the gym? It can intensely benefit you and do you some good.
lust-provoking image
irrelevant time-wasting question
If I lift I'd lose my frail twink figure
i live in a siberian shithole with the closest gym being 30 minutes away, not spending an hour in commute just for a 15 minute workout
I'm lazy and frequently stressed out. That's it. No real excuses. I have a god-tier ectomorph tall body and could go otter mode easily if I tried, but instead I get drunk and chill out in my apartment. I receive plenty of attention from women as a lanklet anyway. No need for gym when it's almost all face and personality. Regardless, I do not to start taking better care of my fitness.
why don't you shovel some snow
I am but seeing no buff girls depresses me
Y no jim?
Tried.
Hired personal trainer.
Instead of testing me and helping me to develop personal training program he wasted my time (the little I had left after work and studies) and had his own schedule that was pain in the ass for me to follow.
0/10 would not bang.
Paying for a personal trainer
Not just looking up exercises online
Dipshit.
Calls me names instead of helping with links
I love you too anon
No homo
i went to the gym for four stupid months, 60-90 minutes 6 times a week. stuck to a very nicely designed high protein low fat diet too. only lost about 40lbs and i was so exhausted all the time i couldn't do anything or go anywhere. then i fucked up my hip joint, then covid hit, and you know how when the universe is telling you not to do something by throwing obstacles in your way eventually at some point you're going to have to listen
Because I used to go to the gym with the completely delusional idea that muscles will make me attractive only to realize that I'm too short and ugly to ever be desired even 10% as much as Chads are even when they put no effort into themselves at all. I'd like to get back into it because I got skinny as fuck, but right now I'm more focused on piano, video games and work.
Nigga, exercise isnt a secret obscure thing where you need to fact check and be sure you're both looking at the right source. Its literally just you moving.
Still no help.
Just move bro
Thanks anon.
Original advice I'm hearing for first time in my life.
What do you even need help with exactly?
Whats your problem that your trainer didn't solve?
I don't want to be strong, I want to be dominated by fembots
Already been lifting consistently for the past couple months. I'm slightly stronger. That's the only thing that's changed. I'm still depressed and lonely. But I want to be stronger so that one day, if I manage to find a girl who lives me, I can protect her and make her feel safe.
same... why are women such a hivemind
girls don't participate in sports and they don't build muscle because they think that every single fucking man wants a short skinny ugly little thing instead of a real woman who has a strong physical body
fembots just get jealous of other fembots who exercise and they discourage them from lifting and shame them
what went wrong bros
Its not a hive mind its just logical. Successful chads are only interested in bimbos and sluts. Why waste your time turning yourself into something only lesser men would appreciate?
discourage them from lifting
Women work together to ensure lesser men have nothing to enjoy.
something something coffee
built
Isn't hanging out on /pol/ enough for you people. You have your own nation and your own board, go away.
Holy shit you are a mouth breathing moron. Do you think others exist solely to spoonfeed you? When your teacher told you that you were failing third grade, did you tell him "umm why are you telling me this? you aren't helping..." you absolute mongoloid. I imagine you as a fat bald man in a diaper sucking his thumb until someone tells you what to do. Holy shit. You must be REEEEEEEEALLY stupid. Hahahaha. Fucking tard.
