Psychological reasons behind self-inserting as the shota?
i find little anime boys sexy and i like watching them get gently raped by older sisters and ladies and men
it gives me a boner
You want to be cared and loved by woman just for your existence. Because you afraid that you can't fully support your girlfriend. I don't think this is a bad thing, I love shotacon too
lazy men who want a woman to take care of them like a pet
look i might be a PEDOPHILE but im not lazy, you dick
Can you be considered a pedophile if youre solely into the milf and you self-insert as the shota?
if you like shota only in that context
for right now
i would consider some experimentation if you wanna uh find out you're bisexual
I don't think so, I'm into momcest too so I guess the common denominator are milfs but it makes me wonder I have the need to self insert as a shota, it's pretty weird
Like I'm not attracted to kids of either gender but why do I need to imagine myself as a little kid?
oh you actually self insert not just look at the hot shota
yeah idk man have you tried not thinking about it
Yeah... I guess deleting my porn collection would help with forgeting about it
i said NOT THINKING about it not stopping jacking off to it, just jack off to it and be done or accept that you're a PEDOPHILE (in the eyes of most people, you probably just want to be cared for and have no other way of expressing this besides with porn)
But the definition of pedophilia is attraction to kids and I'm not into them, I just want to be one, not be WITH one
most people will say you're a pedophile anyway but try talking to your mom or something if she's a loving mother, or if you have anyone in your life that cares about you
I was cute af kid so I was molested by my female relatives
I like jitsuma's drawings. Son swapping is fucking hot and I've coomed to it many a time. 
Plus it's just a drawing. No one gets hurt. It's like saying a video game causes violence if loli/shota causes real world harm.
Idk, I hope that if I quit porn I'll be able to grow out of this because I'm not comfortable with the idea of being perceived as a pedo when I'm not even one
If I quit will the fetish go away?
who want a woman to take care of them like a pet
yes please
