Where have all the good men gone? Why don't you step up? Her standards aren't that high.
Why does this image have 12 pixels in it? At least post racebait with a higher image quality.
Isn't having your kid in your dating profile pic like the biggest red flag for 80% of people? It's introducing your baggage before saying your own name
Why does this image have 12 pixels in it? At least post racebait with a higher image quality.
Screenshot on a potato
Bruh that kid ugly af, look like he got FAS
must not be black
don't be racist
holy shit, kek. I wonder why she doesn't want to be with a black guy. But she isn't racist, right?
yeah well how would you feel if you hooked up with some broad and then 10 dates in she's like "oh yeah btw I have a black bastard baby I was trying to trick you into raising"
Thats just how black babies look, anon. Kinda makes you wanna just kick one
once bitten, twice shy as they say. except in this case it was probably once beaten.
Fake and AI generated. Nobody has such little awareness. Not buying it.
it's totally believable. plenty of dumb low IQ broads fell for this, I know a couple who are single mothers now just like her.
Fake and AI generated. Nobody has such little awareness. Not buying it.
Profiles like this were all over PlentyofFish back in the day and this was pre-AI.
I can't beleive this isn't satirical, it's just to perfect to be real
most on the nose bait in history
R9k still buys it
kek
t. seething negro
aren't most profiles on dating apps just fake troll accounts?
The problem is that autistic men never learn. They keep believing that dating apps are the "most" popular way to meet and then they also believe that 80% of men don't have a chance on dating apps. lol
t. you must be white or hispanic and not be racist
as a retard myself I can confirm that dating apps are shit, i just don't know where to find people to talk to without it being just weird. like theres this girl around my age at a bakery thats pretty cute but i have no clue how to hit her up given well shes working that feels kinda just weird
Talk to her besides ordering something, doesn't really matter but ask her questions. If she reciprocates you already know she's interested. If she doesn't, move the fuck on.
Is it actually that simple? Well thank you anon I guess I just over think stupid shit like this
They keep believing that dating apps are the "most" popular way to meet and then they also believe that 80% of men don't have a chance on dating apps.
Both are correct. 75 of men are incels for life, 23 are incels several times in their life for multiple years despite most of them getting married. only about 2% have regular sex and only the top 0.1% of men get to have sex with their looksmatch.
You can cope as much as you want, it won't change a thing.
normies are 2% of the population
incels are actually the true normies
therefore, incels have sex
BOTH ARE TRUE!
Normalfags like to pretend that they are having sex when they aren't.
Why don't you step up?
1.) Can't afford a child right now
2.) Want my own, not someone elses
That's why incels are usually having sex when they pretend they aren't. BOTH statements are TRUE
DAT FAT ROLL ON HER ARM NIGGA
I've been looking on dating sites a lot lately, and foids like that are super common. Foids are spoiled beyond belief in the United Sharts of Shartmerica.
or hispanic
Like any of us will give anything with a monkey next to it a chance fuck off gringo
in this moment, i'm not all that happy, bros
I don't have the money to raise a bastard child, dumb bitch
It could be your own.
