Has anyone else noticed that BDSM used to be super common on 4chan, but now it's very rare? 
Is it a boomer fetish? Do zoomers not like it? what's going on here?
Or is bdsm just too tame for most of today's saavy young coomers? What do you think?
bdsm is a "classic" straight male fetish. its been replaced by lgbt spam and raids trying to "turn" guys.
times are changing
and it sucks
just wanna a qt3.14 woman slave
hmm good point, although I do think a lot of women still like bdsm play as well. but they're probably less likely to make porn threads on it would be my guess.
It's a very unrealistic fantasy to see yourself dominating a woman when the only 2 matches you received on a dating app ghosted you after two messages.
yet you see videos online where some disgusting looking fat fucks dominate and do unspeakable things to women
well paid porn is different
bdsm is patrician kink, it's not for low attention span retards
I want a women to tie me up and beat me and then let me tie her up and paddle her ass and pussy with electrodes 
She must wear high heals and skimpy outfits
Do zoomers not like it?
I think as long as they're being pegged, zoomers are happy, gay even.
What used to be BDSM for boomers is now just normal sex for zoomers since they grew up watching hardcore extreme porn from 9 years old.
yeah but zoomers have way less sex than the generations before them, so I kinda wonder if it's like a chad has tons of kinky bdsm sex with all the girls and the zoomer guys are at home being gay and fapping to trans stuff
women more outspoken, cocky and annoying => less submssive woman (some SJW would hate to be seeing bowing down to a man) => bdsm goes downhill
I think as long as they're being pegged, zoomers are happy, gay even.
This. zoomer males are into bdsm but only if they're being topped.
My ultimate fetish is to dom 2 girls, one of which is far lower on the totem pole than the other. Me and the more dominant girl would both have so much fun with our little sub. That's the dream.
here's a tip though: those ultra annoying feminists are all hugely into bdsm behind closed doors. they are the biggest sluts you've ever fucking seen and will let you do nearly anything you want to them.
it's probably catharsis for them after have to pretend to be a stronk women all day long
bdsm is a "classic" straight male fetish.
That's not true at all.
I'm a 36 year old straight guy who did fetlife and went to a bdsm dungeon back in my 20s to exploit the 50 Shades of Grey book craze where roasties all wanted to get beat up sexually even more than usual.
And I can tell you bdsm culture is way more a gay thing than a straight thing.
Straight people co-opted it from gays, not the other way around.
yes, but too much work and too troublesome to get them to that point. simply not worth it to waste time and effort in those pathetic whores
I don't believe that at all. Women have been into bdsm style shit forever, literally since the dawn of time
zoomer boys too cucked and feminized to do bdsm
zoomer girls date older men who are fine with it
thus
zoomer boys just post tranny/blacked/hentai porn threads since the idea of talking to, let alone dominating a girl is so foreign to them they can't even imagine it.
Do zoomers not like it?
Zoomers are literally not having sex.
nope, retard. bdsm wasn't invented in your life time, kid. its literally hundreds of years old and was invented by noblemen who would nonconsensually bdsm peasant girls in their dungeons.
bdsm is gross, immoral and shameful. any girl who likes bdsm is either bpd or too desperate for male attention
90% of women are into bdsm so that's a damning indictment on your gender, sweetheart
There's no warrior culture, desire for conquest and win prizes. Nothing to do with women being submissive or not.
I can prove my claim literally since part of the acronym "BDSM" is S for sadism.
The etymology for "sadism" is the name Marquis de Sade.
And Marquis de Sade literally wrote about shit like raping castrated feminized boys until they're pregnant.
And the entire top / bottom concept obviously came from gays. Women are obligatory bottoms.
Of course people were into "bdsm style shit" if you mean domination and submission in general since even nonhuman animals behave that way.
BDSM culture including the acronym itself was always a gay thing first though and then the rest of us co-opted it afterwards.
I didn't say it was invented in my time. See:
Its a female and faggot fetish and most of the femanons have left 4chan because they realize we hate them.
Based well read anon. Indeed, Sade was coined the term, but the basis for this fetish came from a long list of absolute sick shit like shit, tortureplay, and practically near death shit that was what Sade was advocating for. He especially notes having a personal plot of land for it for the peak kink he was looking for since it would allow him to fully flesh out the fantasies the man wanted to play out.
lol no they are not, talk to an actual real life woman
I have, that's how I know that you bitches are into such insanely fucked up shit that makes bdsm look mild.
R9K is fucking full of women these days
true
room temp iq
A woman or a fag
The etymology for "sadism" is the name Marquis de Sade.
yeah and if you think BDSM originated with him you're fucking delusional buddy
look, I just want to be a sex slave to a loving guy who will tie me up and fun stuff like that. 
it's REALLY not too much to ask
it's REALLY not too much to ask
It's so unfair you don't have this
it really is, so sick of passive boys
zoomer males are into bdsm but only if they're being topped.
This is a huge part of the problem, why are they all so...submissive and icky?
Surely they must be heavily brainwashed, because to my mind there is nothing more natural to the male psyche than to dominate his lover.
I'm telling you: give them a square thousand miles, every one of them a weapon.
Its the shit in the water making them gay femboys!
and what's that supposed to accomplish? a bunch of dead zoomies?
Frailty and uselessness is the first to go. Second, women have less say when they're cattle between men with swords.
I meannn, im into it. A little bit. I think bring submissive for women is a pretty common desire though
because to my mind there is nothing more natural to the male psyche than to dominate his lover.
I think so as well. Even if you're not into the more...exotic stuff...even just basic domination is good and required!
probably so, something is wrong for sure. 
Surely some of them would be saveable, maybe even most of them if the conditions were right
I cannot begin to describe the disgust I feel toward submissive men. Being dominant is in male nature, yet so many guys my age are fucking disgusting subs. No woman WANTS to be dominant. My ex was a sub and I would never masturbate to the thought of him, I would always imagine a more dominant and masculine man taking me. Promise that every woman who claims to be dominant is just doing it cause it's trendy on tiktok just like I used to do, but still have fantasies about being a sub.
bitch, literally just go to /soc/ fucked up fetishes and find your master from there
basic domination is good and required!
Very true, though I think aftercare is just as important. Gotta bring her to the borders of her limitations, then reassure her that she was and always is safe.
most bdsm is terrible cause either the people are ugly or they act without passion and emotion, just mechanically performing them
The socks...the socks, oh god why the socks?
The socks...the socks, oh god why the socks?
kek
hey his feet were cold ok
imagine a world where bdsm is the norm
damn though she's adorable
I think bring submissive for women is a pretty common desire though
it is. for some reason many girls are initially hesitant about it but easy to convert them once you give them a little taste
You can be my live in maid / sex pet. 
I'm a 5'6 autistic dude, so it would be even more humiliating for you.
I like how women hate submssive boys because it demoralizes them into shooting up female hormones and becoming trannies I will later jerk off to.
I cannot begin to describe the disgust I feel toward submissive men. Being dominant is in male nature, yet so many guys my age are fucking disgusting subs.
Over time your normal sexual nature will get warped if you haven't experienced normal sexual relationships. Add in some anti-male propaganda, a clown world numbers game (high rejection) dating environment, a lot of guys will be left uncomfortable taking the lead.
So basically, natural selection.
This is probably pretty true. I never did hormones but I did quite a bit of crossdressing and all that and I was pretty cute for a while
Obviously there's winners and losers in any game, and the modern dating game is no different.
So basically, natural selection.
Natural selection or sexual selection? It's also possible a lot of these beta males will be reproductively successful later on in life, even if they've failed in every other way. The bar isn't high. As long as you have 2 or more kids you're more reproductively successful than the median person in the First World. Just find some 28 year old roastie and get her pregnant twice and there you go.
It kind of died around the popularization of the daddy dom shit before that it was just something weird you never told anyone you were into.
hah even the manlets get rejected
Random bump for the night time crowds thoughts
need more men into bdsm to be quite honest
i (25m) went to a bdsm/shibari meetup. definitely the youngest guy there by 10 years. BUT there were a fair amount of girls in their late 20s.
everyone was super jacked though...
Too tame, i need to do extreme shit like rape to get off fully
look, I just want to be a baby boy to a loving mommy gf who will diaper me up and fun stuff like that.
it's REALLY not too much to ask
