I'm 19 and I'm starting to find video games and anime really cringe. Starting to wonder how I even got into those things. Luckily I wasn't too deep into them. Where should I go from here?
19
real man hobbies
my nigger you need to do what feels good. nobody gives a fuck about what you do. also kys tik tok zoomer go back to tik tok
Where should I go from here?
Probably to hell honestly, no body wants you
starting to find things you like cringe? its because some whore you think you have a chance with said vidya and anime were gay isnt it anon
dont try to change for her anon she wont appreciate it and you will live to regret it
OP wants to grow up and be more of a man
robots tell him "no you loserrr!!1 you have to keep playing video gaems and masturbate!"
Gay reponses
Why don't you think about what made them appeal to you to begin with?
you are either naturally masculine or not and in OPs case i think the nigga is low-t
in other words it was over before it began for him
learn knots
Where? Learn coding. Maybe editing. Learn about car parts and mechanics. 
Basically anything that can be useful to earn money when you're remotely travelling. 
DO NOT fall for "men's hobbies" bs. Don't waste your time doing hobbies. Waste it learning new skills for the future. For survival.
I'm a manly man's man that watches anime, plays vidya, and posts frogs
No, you aren't.
You can pretend you are all you want, but deep down we know exactly who you are. Look at your shelf, do you see a football trophy or a manga collection/anime figurine?
you just have to find a hobby that seems like its sort of your calling. some hobbies are gay pasttimes meant to autistically keep your mind occupied (see pic related) while others can totally have your eyes light up. on a separate note, try to use your best judgement to discern which hobbies will make people think you're a weird virgin and which ones will actually sort of interest people. 
https://www.artofmanliness.com/living/leisure/hobbies-for-men/
not sure being "low-t" means you can't pick up better hobbies
Same thing happened to me. Those things became boring quite suddenly boring and waste of time to me. Got really into cycling for about 5 years then got into woodworking and general workshop fuckery. Just do whatever makes you feel good (not drugs though, at least not too much). Doing something that makes you happy is much more important than doing something that makes you happy, to a point at least, you gotta make money to live in society and sometimes you just have to not be happy. Of course you could exit society which I did for several years. That will require you to completely change the way you see the world, you exchange all saftety for true freedom.
Well I never claimed to be a manly man, just finding video games and anime really boring and childish. I'm over that shit
do you see a football trophy or a manga collection/anime figurine
Neither.
I was a kid into flashy things. Nothing really specific drawn me towards them, well, other than their ease of access I suppose.
you are either naturally masculine or not and in OPs case i think the nigga is low-t
Determinism is a losers mindset. You are a faggot who will continue to wallow in your own shit meanwhile I will ascend from these childish hobbies I no longer find entertaining or fulfilling. Stay stagnant while I continue to grow. You will be left in the dust and you'll forever remain a boy. You will die from your own pity.
arent you 19? big words for someone who probably doesnt even have a debit card
Tell me you have zero verbal reasoning skills without telling me you have zero verbal reasoning skills
Where should I go from here?
Unironically become a normie. I've always found anime extremely childish and naive, to the point where I can't suspend disbelief enough to enjoy it. I tried to force myself ot like it though to fit in with other outcasts. Your best bet is to unironically become a normie, at 19 you stand a good chance at that.
arent you 19? big words for someone who
big words for someone who's not old enough to drink
i wish i was under 21 again but im in my mid 20s
what i would do to be under 25 again
Philosophy, literature and lifting. These are the things men had been doing for millennia before anime and video games came along.
Also science, engineering and math. All are manly by default.
