I mean she is right you know
Women are not attracted to a sense of humour. They'll just laugh at any lame-ass jokes a guy tells if he is attractive.
This Ive tried actual good material on women and it literally flies right over their heads. Yet they fucking laugh out loud if I just point to a weird looking guy and make some stereotypical comment
So women are attracted to themselves laughing, while men are attracted to others laughing.
That is usually where you get reminded what an "embarrassed laugh" is
Who cares about what holes have to say, she'll still pick dark triad Chad over some average guy with morals any day
Is this supposed to be a dab on men?
I've listened to too many dumb fucking shitholes in the top 15% percentile give advice by saying
while acting like they wouldn't laugh regardless.
Men and women both want sex, but they define it very differently. Women define it as when a penis goes in their vagina, men define it as when their penis goes in a vagina
No she is not, If I find a women funny.....never-mind women are never funny
Imagine hate fucking a whore like this
I've literally never met a woman that could make me laugh.
I can make people laff but I'm hideous
maybe they are laffing at me
Give and take goes deep...
there is nothing I like more than hearing her laugh at the silly things I do or say. my autism means my jokes and humour isn't very normal, but she makes me feel right.
women made this up as a cope because women so rarely make men laugh so they've decided "MEN ONLY THINK A SENSE OF HUMOUR IS WHEN WOMEN LAUGH FUCKING MISOGYNY"
the impact forces would probably knock some sense into her
Why is everyone acting like this is some kind of own. Women want jokes, men have jokes to give. Women have a hole, and men have something to put in the hole.
Also If women found a sense of humor attractive louis ck wouldn't have had to rape all those women.
Women find you funny IF they find you attractive, not the otherway around.
i mean as a femoid I agree with this. i want my bf to make me laugh, men who can make you laugh are crazy attractive
I'm not as concerned about making him laugh
My asian gf has a pretty sick sense of humour. She finds things funny that the majority of people would find extremely distasteful. And she constantly makes really inappropriate jokes.
Is this really newsworthy
When I was a teen I went to an amusement park with 2 friends for 1 of their birthdays, later in the evening we got picked up for a ride by his mother and there was some other girl around our age in the passenger seat.
We were talking and some Katy Perry song was on the radio, I accidentally called her "Kater Perry" (kater like tater tot) and the mom and girl in passenger seat must have thought that was hilarious because they were laughing pretty hard about it
want to make women laugh? just behave like a jester. not even memeing. All gfs I've had have become extremely attracted to me when I started acting like a jester and just making constant retarded jokes. Women like being around fun energy.
asian gfs have the best sense of humor
They have to, cause you're all jokes
I like a woman that makes me laugh at myself.
She needa to be taught a fucking lesson.
i've met plenty of women who are funny and make me laugh
Women are not all that attracted to humor rather they find chad funny.
Men actually do like truly funny girls, but they are very rare and have borderline personality disorder.
