don't enjoy masturbating anymore 
don't enjoy drinking anymore
don't even enjoy eating anymore
I hardly feel anything. I can't sleep most nights, but it doesn't seem to matter. I get up every morning and go to work like I had 8 hours of sleep. When I get home I listen to music and stare at the ceiling. I think I'm going to walk to my city's tallest bridge tomorrow and jump off of it.
Going through a similar thing anon, don't do it. You are loved and appreciated. Do you have any other hobbies or interest?
Walk to your local walking trail instead. Go hike with your family or friends. Hell, even by yourself. Was pretty relaxing for me. After I get back from a hike, I feel like cooking.
Off yourself if you want, but I personally found nature to be very healing. I feel nothing myself, but in a relaxing way.
Terrible advice. I know I tried it before. You know what's in nature? Ugly, muddy, tick infested woods. Filthy rivers. Boring fields you can't even walk through because some asshole farmer threw barbed wire in it a hundred years ago. Skunks. Bats. Mosquitos. It's not worth the effort fucking around walking up logs for an hour just to see some shitty little flowers.
I forgot there are terrible areas. The worst thing on my trail are rattlesnakes. Nothing my hard work boots can't handle. The rest is pretty grass area, fresh air on top of the hill, and cool cows that aren't smelly. Any family members you might potentially burden upon your suicide? It's pretty shitty having to identify the dead body of your own son.
I like eating still but I've only been eating once a day for the pasts 2/3rds of a year
I'd enjoy eating a lot more if I could just eat whatever I want whenever I want without putting on weight (same goes for drinking alcohol, I have all these vices that make you fat)
When I get home I listen to music 
what music? im so anhedonic now i dont even know what i like to listen to anymore. it is awful.
I used to draw and read. Haven't bothered in a long time, it's too boring.
I don't have a single friend or family member.
Mostly older american blues and rock. Fats Domino, Otis Spann, etc.
That's neat anon! What did you like to draw? I like drawing too but I'm awful at it. What kind of books did you like to read or are interested in?
Is this just cope people tell themselves and others?
I mean, think of life in an objective sense. We are alone in an infinite, massive, expansive, cosmos that is basically out to kill us at every turn. Most of us will not get to live a happy life with kids and a family. It's clear that life is suffering for most of the population including us.
So please inform me about how I am "appreciated" I have no friends, no lover, nothing. I work and stair at the ceiling.
That's neat anon!
Not really. I drew animals and sometimes women. I wasn't good at it either. I didn't have a preference for genre of book, I guess my favorite is Earthly Powers.
Deprezzioni pepperoni
Sry m8
You are loved and appreciated.
No he isn't. Why did you lie?
you have a point. Unfortunately life is full of suffering for a lot of people in the world. But even then there are moments where the suffering is eased is it not?
That's cool though, what kind of animals did you draw? I haven't read Earthly Powers, is it any good?
I didn't lie. I appreciate anon. I appreciate everyone on this board.
the worst part is that neither of us will actually commit to jumping off a bridge tomorrow
perhaps the desire for stability is actually keeping us in a shitty situation rather than letting the desire for something better help us find something new
alcohol
i like it but i always drink too much and it fucks with my sleep. shame that i need sleep to function at work. otherwise i would just drink myself to death to avoid the hangover
masturbating
my sexuality is plummeting, i think it's concerning because it might just be genuine depression
eating
i feel like my sense of taste is so messed up too, can't really enjoy some things the way i used to
motivation
literally zero. can barely wake up for work and do important chores, nor improve my situation
what kind of animals did you draw
Nothing in particular, just whatever interested me at the time. I probably drew cats the most.
is it any good
It wouldn't be my favorite if I didn't think so.
Literally in the same exact rut as you OP. How long have you felt this way? What do you think caused it, just the mundane routine that has become your life?
You typed all that shit and said nothing then to add insult to injury you acted snide about it
How long have you felt this way
It started November of last year and became worse in the middle of February.
What do you think caused it
Spending the holidays alone again. Then I realized how pointless everything was. Of course I had been saying that for years, but this time I actually felt it.
