Is there anything worse for a man than cumming too quickly? It doesn't even matter if you have a big dick if you can't use it properly.
is there anything more lame than a girl who complains about everything in bed. 
your job is to drain my balls, either do it with pleasure or just lay there and let me use you. but shut the fuck up
the male curse of having a refractory period makes me wish i were a woman instead
Having erectile dysfuction is worse
Anon this is the future, women can and will choose a man who actually cares about her pleasure. And even if you just want to fuck whores and use women's bodies, premature ejaculation still sucks and ruins sex.
Idk I think cumming quickly is better than taking too long. It starts to hurt after a while.
I'm around 8 inches, but I honestly have no idea what a good time to coom is. I last around 30 to 40 minutes.
then i'll just continue picking cute obsessive girls who only care about my pleasure, because it makes them happy.
once you meet one of those, you can't go back
Up to a point, girls are actually kind of flattered if you find them so hot that you cum instantly
Way too long. Ideal time is 2-3 minutes. I dont feel much from penetration in the first place besides discomfort and sometimes pain. Ive only came from having my clit rubbed or being eaten out before hand.
Umm, Erectile dysfunction.
Cummin too quickly can be cobsidered a compliment even though its dissapointing.
Having a useless halfchubber is considered an insult
Nevertheless using a woman's body for about 2 minutes is not pleasurable neither.
speak for yourself, that's exactly what i like
another reason why i'll never approach a woman. whats the point If I'll just cum 30 seconds after we start having sex? I dont want to lose my virginity that way.
it's only bad for the femoid because I kick her out immediately afterwards, like a little disgusting bug
The key is strategic masturbation. I jacked off way too much before I actually got laid, to the point that I was so desensitized I couldn't enjoy it. These days I jack off around when I expect to get laid so as to maximize my stamina while still allowing me to enjoy the experience.
I can't cum at all
If you have a big dick, women will typically complain about pain about 20 minutes in. Ideally you cum in like 10 minutes because only weirdos and fetishists make it a thing about forcing sex to last longer when naturally it's supposed to be a very quick process because you're more vulnerable to predators. Foreplay 100% is fun and nice to do for a good half hour or longer but sex itself should not be that long.
cumming immediately is alright if you stay erect and keep on pumping
that just means youre shit at finding good porn and dont know ur own tastes. unless ur talking about sex irl, then kys and fuck off normie
