Gosh, why are men so insecure about their self-image and sexual experience? Women don't care about any of that stuff or judge men for it, they're just looking for polite good men who treat them with respect. Men should really learn to be more comfortable with themselves.
then why dont women get to know ugly men instead of only interacting with guys they find attractive?
It's basically like porn changing sex expectations.
I mean attention to romantic relationships, being attractive is being very much something that's reinforced by the media daily. Some will take it very seriously and suffer if they cannot compare to literal industries built around those things. 
I wouldn't say it's male issue specifically, but ehh. Not sure there will be a good answer here. For me it seems like in our lifetime guys will have to chase girls, and get rejected a lot.
i don't think op pic happened, but we live in a matriarchy. it's women's fault that men are insecure so they're the ones who need to change.
I was in a similar situation. Some new girl, who didn't know the ropes yet, was insanely hot and gave me a chance. Then as time went by (only a couple months) she just stopped talking to me altogether and switched her loyalties to a more handsome manager that works with me. I got to fuck her at least. I really wanted a relationship though. He got one. They're happily bf/gf for nine months now.
men are inherently insecure with respect to their self-image
women inherently insecure wrt their emotions
emotions and self image, literally the only thing which stitches us faggot monkeys together
just how it goes
the woman in the story
anyone weak enough to cave to peer pressure isn't strong enough to have a valid opinion on anything. He should have told her that no, they're still dating.
Nah its pretty believable. OP comes off as an autistic faggot sperg by the way he writes, meaning he's an easy target. His coworkers are in the fresh out of high school/college freshman age range working menial retail, so they will never progress beyond high school, hence the gossipgirl games. Basically everyone in the story is a faggot and failure at life.
