Turned 24 today. Feel like I missed out on everything good about being young. Dating cute young girls, fun drunken nights, exploring your style and aesthetic, having independence. I missed out on all of it. I still with my parents. I can never get back those years, I can never have a fun friend group, I can never fuck 19 year olds, I can never start a punk band and play shitty house shows. I'm a loser.
All I want is a girl like this to strangle me to death during sex
You can definitely still do that shit at 24 lmao, though depending on how old you look visually you might look silly dressing up like a trendy kid. The real thing that causes that stuff to stop is leaving college, since you won't have as much regular contact with other young attractive people on a regular basis once you start the wagie life (except maybe if you're in a city and have a proactive social life).
Hollywood isn't real life you loser fag
Same anon. I want her to spit in my mouth.
I wish you retards would stop using the term "missed out".
"missed out" implies you had an opportunity, and passed it up. if you're posting you're most likely ugly as fuck and never had any opportunity.
Just shut the fuck up you're only old if you say you're old, I'm 24 and live with my parents but had a shit tok of experiences with my friends and girlfriend 
Then again we might be built different, I crawled out of the self pity mindset, it's up to you to appreciate what you have and not confine yourself to arbitrary IDEAS of experiences
I hope these trips mean it will come true for us
You would be able to do all of these things if you weren't an ugly autist, sorry.
punk band
Do you have any idea how much work it takes to be in a band? It's a lifestyle &amp; it's not even fun. I am a very successful musician now but I started by jamming with people. People are hell, people come to the practice to socialize or they don't come to practice and they wonder why the band isn't getting any shows
Even this mother fucker-my drummer. He stopped coming to practice after he got pictured gf. For 2.5 more years I continued &amp; for a long time the band continued (without a drummer) AFTER HIGHSCHOOL when this guy is done partying &amp; everything he has the GALL to ask "When's practice?"
Soooo.... basically like never being born, right? If you were never born, you also couldn't do these fun things, so just imagine yourself as never even being born
omg I am born and am aware of all these fun things
Yeah fun things exist. Sex, love and all that crap. I just cant get you autistic fucks, if I focus too much on that kinda crap i feel like getting a stroke like ok my life is shit, suffering and even torture if you will, leave me the fuck alone I dont wanna hear about women, their psychology, what men theyre into, how to make them cum, relationship talk, that is HELL to me. I wanna stay as far away from that kinda stuff as possible
spotted the tyro
you don't know what it was you missed. To truly have lived is not fun, it's a struggle
if you live fast you miss everything that's actually good, you crash into every fuckin ditch tho
but at the end of the day i know i have a unique experience, i am truly one-of-a-kind
the funny thing is now that all the dust has settled, people always tell me one thing[(this 1 thing)]: yeah you may have CREATED that $ but you don't know what it's like for it to be YOUR'S
tfw oldest in a large dysfunctional family
tfw had a based coal foreman grandpa as a father figure
tfw had to put on the big boy pants as a kid and as the trendyfags say nowadays, grow up early
tfw rejected various people because I did not want my dick to burn every time I pissed and actually want a relationship worth a shit
tfw 24 and life is basically tutorial mode since I have a brain and some discipline
You spastic fucks seriously need to stop getting your ideas of life and the world on garbage like tiktok.
inb4 wdytya
I turn 23 tonight and I'm in the same boat anon. But I don't feel like that at all. It's all in your head. Young wom*n are useless hole anyways. They waste your time and make you ruin your life. You'll find a woman who'll like you enough one day.
And you'll be glad that you're with her and not with some high school `whore.
These but I don't want them to strange me to death just choke me a little while I ream them out
Turned 24
Feel like I missed out on everything good about being young
Gee, Mr Fed, could your demoralizing be an more glow in the dark?
I'm 28 and I fuck 18 year olds lol you are so naive.
me 31 &amp; me no fuck nuphin
Happy early birthday :) 
comment not original
me an alpha fuck cuck
I can never fuck 19 year olds,
Sucks to be you. I still had 19 year olds trying to fuck me at 26 lmao
u a twink, dawg?
a cheeky twinkie? a gordo lardon? Do you tubby towards New Horizons? The truphle shuffel? King's Buffet? Eat to satia8, eat to kill the pain, don't eat nuffin plain
u a twink, dawg?
no lol
Let me guess, you're the band's bassist?
I spent my early 20s in constant back pain like an 80 year old
no i'm Dennis Nedry
threw the bassist out of the band when he said music wasn't objective. then it was just i. The next year I started writing for this guy.
Ok this is what you are going to do and you are not gonna overthink it
Go online NOW and read and learn the ingredients for different cocktails
Pick the popular ones and learn them off by heart
Create a resume with interests in bars and drinks and cocktails/mock-tails 
Print of many of these and go to all your local bars 
keep handing them out, when you get a call back, go down and do a trial shift
l>earn the bar and become a bar tender
This will give you access to girl and fun times
Do it for 3 years 
Drink after your shift with the other staff, fuck the other staff
go to parties and have fun 
Once you get bored stop
Come back in three years and tell us all about your adventures
why are you ordering this anon around? wdytya
i'm not , I can't write online
that get off the internet and go to fuckin kindergarten retard
I can]t my keyboard is vroen
you don't care what other people think
I can never fuck 19 year olds
Im 23 and I don't feel like I would want to. I had some 18 year olds join my work place quite recently and I feel considerably older than them to the point that I would feel weird dating them.
The rest of the shit on your list you can do if you stop being a faggot ass retard and go live life
I am going to try this, see you in one year
don't you mean fuck a baby in the butt till it gapes?
Dating cute young girls, fun drunken nights, exploring your style and aesthetic, having independence
Only started doing all of this once I turned 24... except I don't drink.
How did you turn it around anon
yeah but you have experienced late nights on 4chan, going days without sleep, isolation (in all it's peace and all it's catastrophe), You've probably experienced those weeks, months or even years when life feels like one long, confusing dream but for all the pain and confusion that it brings, there's something so peaceful and comfy about it that keeps you just where you are 
You are one of the few people who can experience a post goon/edge comfymaxx and unlike normies, since we've never gotten validation in the first place, we don't have to spend all our days chasing it and fiending like drug addicted crackwhores when we don't get it 
You don't have to spend all your time worrying about what people think and how good your relationship with ((the group)) is 
We have it so good compared to most normies
I'm a 22 year old 6 foot skinny guy. Will girls like me when I turn 26? Where do I meet girls that might like me?
yeah you are a ugly heroin addict completely outcast from society but at least you know what heroin is like haha
nah I misssed out. I even had a girl be so into me that I basically only had to unzip my pants and my spergy ass did nothing.
how
you guys are just bulllshitting or fucking prostitutes
At least heroin does feel good, unlike depression
trying to imagine being this retarded
I crawled out of the self pity mindset
What did you start with? Can you throw some advice?
At 23 I was having sex with a different woman every month and drunk most nights of the week. I did any drug I could find and was mentally a train wreck. Not sure what you're saying about 19 year olds, you can definitely fuck one at 23
I had to show my ID to buy alcohol (legal from 18) in hungary last year at 26. Not sure how I should feel about it.
fixing my mental through self inflection
Includes but not limit to: rebuilding my destroyed ego.
Got a job that did more than satisfy bills, so I could save money for dating
Got off my ass and decided to dedicate a few months to Dating Apps
Understanding how Dating App ELO works
Prayer / Spirtuality
Each one of these were important in varying degrees. Basically it boils down to being ready for when luck strikes so you don't drop the bag when your time comes, and it always comes around. Went from being 24KHHV to dating a 17yr Goth with H Cups and doing a lot of teenager bullshit and adventures.
What are you up to now
z cups
I got my first gf at 24 and she introduced me to her friends and cool people, and for a while I tought "wow it's finally getting better", but overall no, it's fucking over if you aren't fixed by then
Hiccups
Turned 24 today.
I can never fuck 19 year olds
I fucked an 18 year old when I was 23.
Be attractive and have a decent job.
Wait till you turn 30 like me, then it truly feels over.
Plumbing isn't a decent job now? Really?
What went wrong? This sounds ideal
Well it's definitely a good job but cleaning shitpipes isn't exactly a pussy magnet.
Maybe some kind of a euphemism would work.
Damn these niggas hands not mine
Its ok anon. 24 isnt that bad. Try to enjoy it because it only gets worse
t. 27yr old
doubt dot jpeg image oregano. Also desperate fat ugly chicks from tinder who arent really into you and just dick starved dont count
What a fucking fag. Later on in life you will be thinking to yourself you should have made moves. Imagine being scared of a 5yr gap. Youre still young enough where women your age arent all post-wall yet but soon you will realize there is hardly any value to women besides being attractive similar to how you are just a wallet. Girls peak at 19 and very quickly go downhill from there
It gets better anon I promise. You have to put the work in. I'm gonna be 30 this year and I stg my life changed when I got a job as a bartender. The nature of the job forced me to push through my social anxiety, now I basically run the bar I work at. 
Most of my coworkers are sexy af 20 something sluts working as waitresses and we party together all the time. Been on snowboarding trips with them and other fun shit. I feel like I've experienced the university lifestyle I missed out on earlier since getting this job at 26. I highly recommend trying to work as a server or a bartender from now because you're still really young. I wish I was 24 again desu
You sound like an autistic sub 5.
Chad in a band has the time of his life.
