Was Stacy nice to you in high school?
there was one stacey cheerleader that was for some reason
always wondered what became of her
Yea for the most part. There were mean girls, but not all if them were. The girl in the WEBM seems genuinely nice.
I went to a sped school. Short buses, padded rooms, all of that. there weren't any stacies.
Eh, they were alright sometimes. It was the chavvy bitches with drug addictions and shit teeth that were nasty. But they got pregnant at 15 and dropped out kek
There were no Stacy's at my school.
All the bitches were ugly af!!!!
Any of you guys ever wish you could go back to the beginning of high school but with all the knowledge you have now so you can fix everything and not be a fuck up?
Im still just as mentally ill as i was last time.
If i went back in time i would probably ddo everything the same again except maybe my grades would be worse because i havent been in school in years.
I will rephrase it a bit, you basically have the knowledge you have now added to your brain then, its not replaced. So you wake up still knowing you're hanging out with your friend that day after school but you suddenly know all this other shit about your life. I ask a lot of people this question and I get a "No" more often than not. I would probably be a different person, never start drugs and fuck a lot of shit up, get better grades, probably get a gf. Never quit wrestling since that's the biggest one. I quit in 10th even though I had done it since I was in 2nd and I was pretty fucking good. Coach was right when he said I would regret it forever.
every day anon
every damn day
Nah stacey tended to ignore me (not sure if that's better or worse). I was always regarded as the "weird goth kid" since I wandered around in a trench coat and combat boots.
I guess it didn't help that Columbine was still pretty fresh in people's memories
Eh, only thing I would do would be maybe get my ass into IT and networking a lot sooner so I could be making my 6 figures in my 20s as opposed to my 30s
Whats the biggest thing you wanna fix anon?
You're gunna start mining bitcoin too right, seriously just do that and be rich as fuck when it eventually skyrockets.
no, until my senior year when i started to get better looking, i had my first gf then, although it was then that i really started to hate women because i could see how they really are, they treated me as barely human until i became pseudo-chad.
what was that like, are you an actual tard or did you get sent there for being an autist or chimping out big time once.
She was my best friend, followed her around like a lost puppy she was always fucking Chad I was always super jealous. Senior year I had a big glow up and fucked her friend at a Halloween party, was liberating.
some times, i dont feel like it would really have that much of an effect, in retrospect i wasnt fucking myself over that badly, it was mostly everything arround me.
I got my first gf at 17 and we dated for 2 years and i never once got my dick touched or touched her pussy, it was my one chance to escape my inceldom after having no success for my entire teenage years and i think it fucked me up even more than if i just never had a gf in the first place
also id have bought that ethereum for sub50c like i almost did
why was this? did she refuse to do so or where you just too afraid to initate?
she refused. probably raped as a kid is my guess, never told me anything though. youd think id have just dumped her but no, i was in teenage love. found out years later she turned into a whore and fucked one of the dirtiest guys we went to school with. now shes married to some viking larper basedboy lookin weirdo who wore like viking battle attire to their wedding.
my lifes fuckin weird man you can see why i want a do over.
The biggest slut in my school was super nice to me. She was extremely attractive, slept with tons of jocks, but was always super nice to me and I'd say we were pretty good friends, and genuine. Never had any romantic feelings for her, but would talk with her about my crush and the like. She was always rooting for me, super supportive, no problem just taking time to have lunch with me or chatting. I wasn't a charity case or anything. I just never called her a slut or anything, and was nice to her, too. She was basically a nerdy girl who wound up super hot and did what anyone would do: sleep around a lot. 
She was awesome and I hope she's happy, wherever she is.
She whispered to her friend that I was hot, so I guess.
yeah same thing here, GF from when i was 17 never wanted to do anything sexual with me besides reluctantly sucking my dick and then went on to get a fatass boyfriend
why are foids like this?
Why am I not surprised she ended up fucking some asshole, how long did it take for that to happen after you guys were done? I think you're right anon, I never had a gf but I would rather that than what you had, sorry bro that sucks.
Yes there was a couple of Stacies that were my friends when 13-14. One of them was the typical Stacy with tons of girlfriends and the other only had a couple good friends but was still pursued by Chad ofc. The latter was my oneitis back then.
dunno i objectively treated her really well, everyone always said i was the perfect boyfriend etc. illl never understand women. after me and her broke up ive been on one date and stood up for 2 others and just never tried since. ive accepted at 29 that ill just be forever alone short of a miracle.
found out through a mutual but i think like a year later. dont have an exact timeline.
im still 18, is there any hope for me? 
Also are you particularly ugly or autistic, why do foids treat you like that?
mostly only girls were nice to me.. or friends
I was just a depressed autist. I was there from 8th through 12th grade; at the beginning I was one of the mild ones, we had some legit schizos. Not like that term is thrown around here, real ones. By the end it was just whatever ADHD fucks the regular districts didn't want to deal with. By that time they were banging on the door trying to get me back into regular high school but that's just since it was costing them money.
idk, "what was it like" is both a broad question and it varied over the years I was there. I don't suppose you can be more specific? Saw some kids restrained, some kids vanished without a trace and they never told us what happened, ditto for some of the staff. They never told us that any kids killed themselves but I'm sure a few did. there were a few shenanigans, made a few frens. But no prom, stacies, etc etc.
did any of them suck you off though? thats what they were doing for chad lol.
theyre evil. im 6ft, rated 5-6/10 on soc. i just never had "it", i cant talk to women. ive tried and tried, no hope. i couldnt tell you why.
you might get lucky if you put in effort idk. go to uni and try find some intelligent girl not infested with politics if you can is my only advice but i have no idea if itd work it just seems logical.
or transform into chad with charisma.
sex is only for chad. if you're not an 8/10 you don't get to have sex, and thats okay.
yeah basically, all women are chadsexual and ive accepted it like i said. not worth the effort to fight against it.
cope, you haven't accepted anything
What? I didn't care about that, I only saw them as friends.
i think this is why most incels on /r9k/ are the way they are, they don't need to have sex like chad does. chad just "needs it more" i guess.
idk, "what was it like" is both a broad question and it varied over the years I was there.
did they have you rubbing shoulders with downies, wheelchair bound droolers or where you segregated between tards, relatiely normals and violents
in middle school i was bullied by two stacies weekly but they were passive aggressive and i wouldn't say much but anyhow they'd get a kick out of it despite little interaction
You are just trolling/baiting, right?
theyre evil. im 6ft
yeah thats what i thought, im pretty sure im a 7 or an 8 at the very highest,i get compliments and girls interested in me but they usually lose interest.
Im in comunity college right now, the girls there completely ignore me, ive kinda given up on asking girls for their socials because it usually goes nowhere, should i keep trying or should i just give up?
All the popular girls in my school were actually pretty nice people, all things considered. I think people expect everyone to try and be your friend but that's not realistic, more so for the people who literally have too many of them already. But whenever I had to interact with the popular girls either for school related stuff or just casually because my friend group and one of their friend groups would get together, they were always perfectly nice.
the two of them were from a literal different class and i never walked out of my class to exist to them to begin with but i suppose it's because some chad in my class wanted to crack jokes off my subhumanity. the banter lasted two months. it is what it is.
I still wake up in a cold sweat on random nights because I remembered awkward social situations from high school. A couple months ago I woke up at 3 am drenched in sweat because I had a memory in my sleep from grade 9 where a girl I liked came up to me, showing me her math exam that she passed (we were in the same math class and were really bad at it), expecting a hug from me (arms open wide basically begging for a hug) and instead of doing that, I gave her a pat on the head and walked away
could always go the virgin church tradwife route, at 18 youre not too old to be picking up 16 and 17 year old church girls before theyre run through, just dont go for the hot ones, theyre sluts behind daddys back.
They didn't send the downies or wheelies to that place. it was a mix between your categories two and three, tending less towards the former and more towards the latter as the years went on. Both of them generated the "staff assistance" yell (that is, get adult bodies on top of this kid and stop him from moving and then drag him to a room away from everyone else) but the latter less than the former, so it got less frequent. 
Even in the early days it was more kids getting upset than kids ready to fight to the death. Except one kid named John, he was a zombie in the morning because of his meds, but they wore off as the day went on, and by the time they were getting ready to send us home he'd be out for blood some days. He vanished fairly early on.
fuck me I can see it.
Well that sounds terrible. Did you learn normal stuff like science and history? Or was it just an attempt, going through the motions?
she would talk to me like a little kid and it gave me a mommy fetish. she had huge tits
i was the leader of an outcast group so they would be rude to me when they were with their friends but nice to me in one on one scenarios
overtime they realized i wasnt a weirdo and were just nice to me
No, but I wish I could go back to the beginning of college. I'm in my mid-30's now, but I'm still paying the price for being a fool in that time period, pic very related.
Kinda? Later on, there was an old Russian guy they had there to teach math. He a.) knew his shit, and b.) had zero fucks to give, so even the kids who were normally belligerent liked him. this infuriated the more correct and proper staff members, as I recall; if you seemed to understand what was in whatever chapter of the math book he was teaching that week, and didn't disturb anyone who was studying, he didn't give half a shit what you did. So, in his classroom, kids both learned more math than they learned other things in other people's classes, and they also played a ton of Magic the Gathering, which was decidedly not allowed elsewhere, regardless of if you'd finished your work or were disturbing anyone else. 
Then again there were other subjects/classes/times where no learning was going on whatsoever. eg when I was in 9th grade (before the Russian mathematician was there) I more or less slept through the whole school year. I'd stay up till 4am playing Counterstrike, go to school, and the staff had a tacit, unspoken bargain with me; I could sleep so long as I wasn't disruptive. They had their hands full at that time with kids who were disruptive, you see. I never once had homework all five years. That's part of the reason I wouldn't let them bring me back to regular high school. If you could deal with the emotional strain and social stunting, the actual school part of it was cushy. 
I don't think I mentioned it, but I'm old, btw. This shit was all in the early 2000s. I remember them wheeling a CRT television in and turning on the news on 9/11. Presumably, places like this are different these days. 
Thanks for reading my blog.
I always wondered what the kids were like at the "alternative" high school but, in my area they were most likely antisocial types.
I still remember 9/11 as well. Just turned 10 and saw it on morning news ay home and all day at school. Remember thinking that I should've stayed home but dad would never have allowed that.
zoomfag here, school are just now exiting the middle ages, i have memories of them wheeling those TVs in way into middle school,but by the time i graduated all of our homework was done on school issued laptops, also kinda unrelated, i remember the map from my 5th grade class that still had the USSR
How do I as an ugly fembot cope with the fact that she got million dollar sponsorship deals because of this one video?
Do you guys think she wants BKC?
We should ask.
A couple of them were but if I ran into them today they wouldnt recognise me.
She hugged me on the last day and said she'd miss me even though we pretty much never spoke. Its been 10 years now and it remains the only hug I've ever had from someone that isnt a family member.
the same way I deal with it as a handsome man (soceity unjustly considers you and I worth about the same), you suck it up, princess
yes, I she is doing fine, but most stacys fail to make it, they either get single mom'd, become massive whores, or hit the wall 
not bad, at least it was stacy
The most pretty girl was always nice to me. She tried to talk to me many times but i always sperged out. Its the mid/slightly above average ones that think they are something better
I could become a bitcoin gorillionaire I guess.
I hate people who are performative.
Imagine living your life like a performance. Always having a barrier up between you and reality. This is how the whole world lives. We are deeply sick.
I used to, then I realized it's a terribly shitty thing to wish for. It's a wish that couldn't possibly be fulfilled. You bearing a weight that no one or anything can lift. You have to go easier on yourself.
