Tits or ass, robots?
I like to look and feel ass more but I have a small penis so tits I guess
Tits or ass
This is my answer
Tits > Ass
Any girl can get an ass by squatting. Tits are genetic gifts. A flat girl CAN get "tits" from pregnancy, but they're frumpy mosquito bites.
Large milkers ensure you and your offspring will be well fed.
I have always loved tits, but the older I get the more I like ass, probably because how hard it is pushed in pop culture. It's honestly gotten to the point where I'd love to have a gf with a huge, fat ass. Fuck bros
It's far easier for women to have a nice ass, so nice tits are, by the laws of supply and demand, superior.
This except I don't think breast size matters for feeding babies very much.
fat ass, wide hips and thick thighs with a washboard flat chest for me
Unless its smaller than 3 inches you have nothing to worry about Anon
Ass, like my moms.
A built ass isn't necessarily the same as a fat ass, which is a genetic gift too.
I think the call is for you fren
Unless the girl already had decent thighs and hips before squatting her ass won't look good. Naturally thicc and round ass are hotter like >>73022892 said
Ass all the way, girl could have no tits if the booty is respectable I am there.
a bad ass is fine whatever, bad tits oh boy can be fucking vomit inducing
Ass or pass
An ass will age better than tits in the long term.
Tits if they were smaller but ass in that example.
Decently sized tits are nice, but what good are a pair of tits if the ass is more flat than a guys ass. Good and round asses and thighs that aren't based on overweight are the way.
If I'd say "face", how big of a faggot I would be?
Y'know hypothetically speaking...
You wouldn't be a faggot but you would be akin to a woman since they value face over everything except for height in some cases
Why do l have to choose? I've liked both from day one, and I'll continue to do so. Some days I'm more into tits, and others ass. Today is more of a tits day, I think.
Ass because I'm a man.
Anal is the purest form of sex.
true.
but my gf only lets me jerk off when she's changing and never lets me fuck
For me it's feet.
I'll never get to touch either so who cares
That just means she wants you to rape her.
But that's only if he actually had a gf, sadly. His 'gf' is apparently imaginary. His friend told me so.
i love ass so much that i want to have a fat ass myself
Tits, but preferably a B cup or less.
A female with a big ass and small tits in the golden ratio
same boat here. i feel if they pushed feet or pit porn everywhere i'd prefer that to boobs or ass. i have been socially conditioned to like big anuses, whereas at heart, even if i don't care for boobs anymore, i'm a titsman
Anime titties are awesome but real life titties are just saggy and kind of dumb.
tits every time, ass is mostly only appealing when it's in tight pants
Tits, all the way, every day, since day 1.
Big ass and small tits looks better than big tits and small ass
Slander. Any and all asses look good bent over anyways, which is the only time asses matter
sag bad
Sag is a natural part of tits of any considerable size, they aren't meant to be gravity-defying. If you have an issue with natural hang you've been brainwashed by fag propaganda.
Tits won't look good when she's old
By the time they look like deflated balloons, she'll be wrinkly and old anyways, so it's a non-issue.
Big tits on fat women don't count
I"ll let you in on a secret. Being fat does NOT guarantee big tits. If she has huge tits when she's fat, she'll have big tits when she's thin too.
Ass nigga always
big tibbies are superior, but ass feels better during sex
for me, it's gotta be thighs
reminder that americans are a third world country
flat is superior and size is irrelevant to milk production
Ass. Ass is where it's at. Legs. Soft part of the thighs. Soles. Anything below that waist is mine.
Anal is gross however. So is ass eating. I'm even half averted to normal oral, giving and receiving. Mouths should be for kissing only except for rare occasions where you clean and get ready together pre-oral.
Big tits on fat women don't count
I haven't got time to tie up a fattie and starve her until she loses weight.
size is irrelevant to milk production
RETARD DETECTED!
Bigger booba on a healthy female means more mammary glands.
More mammary glands means more milk.
More milk means bigger, stronger and healthier kids.
Meaning more big booba leads to physical and mental superiority of a nation.
Meaning boobs>ass>whatever flat crap you're into
Cookies OP.
that's not how it works, midwit
AKSHUALLY more mammary glands doesn't mean more milk
Wow such such a fascinating revelation.
Go ahead, please, explain then how it works in you lalaland!
a nice ass requires wide hips and also good waist, retard. it's a genetic marvel.
a nice wide bubble ass and thicc thighs is the most patrician of things.
breast size is entirely fat
you're saying milk comes from fat
Mammary glands aren't real
Holly shit!
We're reaching retardation levels previously thought impossible.
Is that ameritard education in action I detect?
oh, you're baiting
Y-you are b-baiting
And yet, it is you who thinks tits are all fat and not combination of mammary glands and fat tissue.
Again- ameritard, I assume?
i never claimed tits had no mammary glands, they just have no bearing on the size
Tits, ass, feet, etc.. The entirety of the female body turns me on. Even seeing a bit of skin exposure is enough to get me hard.
ass just because a girl with big tits and no ass looks ridiculous
But i'm a face-guy, the body is secondary.
Mammary glands are real, but they really aren't.
Nice logic, retard.
Come back when you witness G cups going down to C cups as girl burns fat to minimum.
What were those C cups? Skin&amp;bones?
you can't be serious, this is full on bait
It really boils down to how they both combo on the girl.
A fat ass with small boobs is still hot
A huge rack with a flat ass looks weird
Liking tits is based but having a tits fixation and an aversion to ass is beyond retarded. You're either lying to yourself or a homo
you could've just said animated little girls
Today I will remind them but originally of course.
