comfy 4/20 edition
https://tripsafe.org/
https://rollsafe.org/
https://www.erowid.org/
https://psychonautwiki.org
previous: >>73024467
Smoking weed daily made me the skinniest I've been in like 7 years, holy shit I need to eat more but I'm unironically too lazy to eat even when I'm hungry
Apes in Space dabs, and benny hopping. Gotta go touch grass today, but after that I'm fapping edging for hours.
i seem to be on the verge of overdosing on opioids, Im past the peak and fine so im ok but very uncomfortable
take the naloxone if you feel like you'll need it
I dont have any naloxone, but this has definately convinced me to get some. Don't worry im not going to die though
so last thread I made a post about how I tried speed but didn't feel anything. Well I tried only a small amount while it was still wet. Today I washed a larger amount with acetone and snorted that and yes I'm definitely feeling it. I mowed my lawn and did work around the house and it's pretty amazing generally. I do feel a slight headache maybe it's the other adulterants that the acetone didn't dissolve out?
IT'S 4/20
IF YOU FUCKERS AREN'T HIGH AND WATCHING THE STARSHIP LAUNCH I WILL BE mildly dissappointed
apologies if already discussed in previous threads, but how do we feel about hotwheels buying 420chan? i follow both kirt and him on twitter, regardless of my personal thoughts on either of them i do miss when the site was active. i kinda hope canada ends up giving back the servers
i feel like once you have tolerance its actually quite hard to od, well depending if we are talking about super potent analogs or not.
i tried a bunch benzos while really drunk snorting a bunch opi and i always seemed to wake up the next day
but yet its apparently the leading cause of drug death, so ymmv
def dont try this due to risk of brain damage
I got this friend of mine who always has stomach/bowel issues when doing psychedelics (last one tried was 4-ho-met but also shrooms and 2cb). Any solution to this? We always take the same dose together and I never had problems myself
My favorite general!
can't smoke on 4/20 because final exam tomorrow
if this thread dies i will be disappoint
IT SLEP TIME BUNNER
sauce?
I've always had some sort of ADD but I've always been unmedicated. Recently its gotten so bad I'm typing this halfway through a lecture I've been trying to watch ALL FUCKING DAY.
My psychologist has recommended I get a dexy prescription and is looking to forward me to a psychiatrist who can look at a potential diagnosis.
I purchased 5 dexies off a mate today because I've got 2 assignments I've gotten extensions for twice, and I still haven't done a drop of work on them, no motivation to get started and when I do I just fuck off to something else and spend ages doing that.
Always been worried about negative effects / possible abuse.
What's people's personal experience with dexies and do you think it'd be an appropriate tool to help my current situation?
Happy 4/20 everyone
just tried amphetamine for the first time today. Feel like this is gonna be lifechanging
happy 420 weed bots
hope you all the get the chance to get a chill high and your favorite stoned food today
the starship rapidly disassemble you mean
sauce?
I dunno lol
what do you do while on it? just dont m*sturbate when youre on it. i like to drink alcohol with it and do my projects through whole night while listening to music or audio books and smoke cigarettes and redosing with small bumps. i quit caffeine recently and the high is much calmer. feels good
Awwww hell yeah nigga
If I keep taking drugs my mental and physical health will keep declining
If I stop taking drugs I'll be s*ber all day
hothweels is a bizarre lolcow and judas but at least he's not a total sociopath like Kirt. no idea why hotwheels would look to own 420 after talking about how much he hated running 8 and hated all of his users (even the normal ones that weren't qtards). i mean does he even do drugs or 
i have the same problem, i basically can't take LSD because of it so i can only do mushrooms if they're brewed in a tea like this. you do lose some potency but not having a bad trip because your stomach is tearing itself apart is worth it. https://cannabislifenetwork.com/why-do-magic-mushrooms-cause-nausea/
i like ginger lemon tea because the ginger is good for settling your stomach anyway. 
i'll be busy today so i probably won't do any fun stuff until tomorrow or saturday. i got gummies and i'll be making oil with my AVB.
oh i just went to the site, Kirt will still be the admin, so it's just going to continue being bad lol. when is that fed snitch going to prison?
Lisdexamfetamine or dexedrine?
quit vaping delta8/alt-cannabinoids
right eyelid keeps twitching throughout the day
Do lots of LSD and study the most abstract science.
 A long time ago I never knew myself
 Then the memory of shame birthed its gift
I was supposed to meet with friends for a toke in the park but everybody ditched in the end. Its even sunny today. I guess I'll get high alone again, I need to distract myself (you know, from the abyss)
Ive been trying modafinil for like a month now (Because I read its like the closest thing we have to NZT, the real life Limitless Pill) and I gotta say im really underwhelmed.
Only thing that changes when I take it is increased anxiety, headaches, and I get what is called the "modafinil poops".
My memory retention, word recall, and over problem solving skills did not improve whatsoever.
So basically, im beginning to think Moda is fucking highly over rated.
anyone else feel a since of unfamiliarity when they're stoned? its almost like i switched personalities and don't know anyone anymore but at same time i do know i know them and im just high. i guess thats just depersonalization or something.
Someone called me a druggy for using opioids, but I have knee and back pain. Yeah I also have fun with it....
I also hold down a career/job, pay all my bills and save money.
I don't think I'm a druggke
sense*
aren't we all druggys though? as long as you can keep your shit together i dont think its a bad thing.
Even if you're self-medicating with it you're still a druggie.
I feel more like myself when I'm stoned than when I'm sober
hey robots, I was wondering what your
favorite drug
favorite alcohol
favorite album
favorite tv
favorite vidya
are, im just curious
for me its
heroin
bourbon
The Downward Spiral
Archer
TF2
did a bunch of shit I've been delaying for some time, cleaned the room, mowed the lawn. I'm coming down off it now. Not sure if i'm supposed to be having a headache or if that's from the impurities.
Not a robot, I just like this general. Happy 4/20. 
weed
rye whiskey
don't have one
Twin Peaks
Metroid
I used to be able to order pharma morphine (blisters and ER with those beads, so no fakes) over here in EU. Never minded paying a slight premium because I only used it sporadically anyways. However, that's been more difficult to find lately and I'm not sure what alternatives to look for. Are there any other similar opioids which are often sold in pharma form? Or do I really have to start snorting heroin instead? It just feels like such a retardedly big step to make, but I'd probably rather do that than gamble on mystery pressed pills. We've got less of a cut-with-fent heroin problem in the EU, right?
favorite drug
weed
favorite alcohol
beer
favorite album
picrel is my music 3x3
favorite tv
Doctor Who
favorite vidya
Metal Gear Solid V
Sweet. I've got that Ministry album and The Land of Rape and Honey on vinyl
meth (haven't tried yet but I know I'll like it)
alcohol is degenerate
don't have
Breaking Bad 
don't have
>favorite drug
Mdma, but I can't anymore (SNRI) so weed and psychedelics 
>favorite alcohol
Gin and limoncello 
>favorite album
Impossible to answer genuinely: ten by pearl jam? 
>favorite tv
South Park, old Simpsons.. 
>favorite vidya
League of legends (but impossible to play, too toxic)
amble on mystery pressed pills.
why are mystery pills a gamble?
Because they won't contain whatever opioid they're supposed to contain and/or are guaranteed to be laced. I'd also be more wary of hotspots and poor presses due to my relatively low tolerance. I feel like it'd be safer and easier to dose with shitty eu heroin.
very nice. love their old shit before they became a shitty generic metal band. Pslam 69 is about as far as i can go. Twitch is their best album!
favorite drug
Shrooms
favorite alcohol
Bailey's in my coffee
favorite album
Too many favs to say just one 
favorite tv
FLCL
favorite vidya
Dark Souls
Happy 4/20 everyone
broses, what's the best goyslop vape I can buy at the corner store? I'm not familiar
for carts or for dry herb? i have a kindpen breezy for carts that i like, just be aware that the opening is a bit narrow so you can't fit bigger carts in there. for dry herb you could try a lookah icecream, they're like $40 and suck but you get what you pay for.
how much does a sealed xanax box of 30 1mg pills go for?
Dexamphetamine
I was thinking a nicotine vape lol. I'm drunk again.
you should get high and gaze into the abyss (picrel), 10/10 had a blast
not unless i'm very stoned at which point it's more like i'm unfamiliar with everything
if you're talking nic then right now i have a 5000 shitty disposable hyde if you want the goysloppiest of goyslop. works good though
I remember feeling like that the first 100 times I got high or something. like damn that's who I really am. then I went psychotic from weed and I never got that feeling back
Drug: ketamine
alcohol: a nice whiskey
album: Bladee The Fool atm
TV: Twin Peaks
Vidya: Skate 3
I WANNA FUCK THE MOFF
oh i haven't used nicotine vapes in awhile. i used a smok mag before i quit, the guy at the shop i go to said he had a ton of complaints for those but i used one for like 2 years with zero complaints so idk.
DONT LEWD THE MOFF!!!
elf bar banaynay
coke
bourbon
David Bowie's Low 
Sopranos
Morrowind
GETTING HIGH ON ABYSS WEED AND SNUGGLING FAPUTA!!!
ended up getting one of these
decarbed some dog shit leftover weed about to eat hopefully I get high its 4/20 god bless
just got dihydrocodeine, pregabalin and klonopin in mail
leaving it untouched until May 
I am the KING of DISCIPLINE.
Everytime I stop smoking weed I just want to drink really hard. Why does being sober have to be so fucking boring and empty? Even when I spend the entire day doing stuff I enjoy I'm left feeling empty at night
reading my old namefag posts I made while fucked on drugs
im such a fucking schizo holy shit
Are you the canada acid tranny?
no lol I don't think that fag is nearly self aware enough
IM GOING TO LEWD THE FUCKING MOFF
because this is a genuinely horrible time to be alive, not even in an exciting way, everything is just dying slowly
I would scratch horrible, there have been much more horrible times to live through history
I think its more like retarded, inane, nonsensical
i think it's more horrible for millennials because we grew up during the last gasp of anything being pure or good, since then it's been nothing but incoherent trash. everything is being controlled by what are genuinely the most evil people in human history who make everything worse on purpose. not to say that zoomers and younger people have it any easier, but this hellworld is all they know.
whaddya gonna do ya know?
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
OXYCOTTON/weed
gin and tonic
E - ecco2k
sopranos 
normieball 2k games are the only thing that hold my interest but the Witcher 3 was cool
Do or do I not eat 8g of cubes literally right now?
Dubs decides.
consume it
Hello, Anons. I've got a very important question about mdma. I couldn't find absolutely anything about it on the internet apart from one story that didn't really say much.
Do you guys think mdma can make someone cheat on their partner considering the euphoric feeling? I'm interested in trying, but this scares the shit out of me.
benzos with no tolerance
light beer unironically
music taste is too random for an album to be favorite
the good place, wish i could forget it just to watch it again
watched archer, futurama, family guy, american dad and south park a lot during my teens tho. probably every episode until 2017 twice
by hours skyrim, really into swedish map games tho
I'd say that it's highly likely. Having said that a persons level of loyalty can be very different between individuals.
The high of mdma dissolves conventional boundaries so if you're gunna be cheated on it'd be very likely to happen if they're under the influence of mdma
You are addicted, your baseline is skewed down
...snuggling might be sosu
NOOOOOOO NOT SOSU
this is the best time to be alive in history. we have the easiest access to music ever and we have DRUGS!!1!
Do 6
VERY FAST MOFF ROTATING AT VERY HIGH SPEES
spinning Faputa
HERE I AM
SUGOI!!!!1!
HERE I AM
FLUFFY SOSU HURRICANE
are you the fucker who posts furry ozen in every fucking MIA /a/ thread?
PRECIOUS MOFF
LSD/nitrous
beer
hikikomori days - shoebill
the eric andre show
tf2
cute hat!
okay i think MIA fans need to stop taking over /drugfeel/[/spoiler{
Weed Concentrate 
Irish Whiskey, single barrel 
Finally Rich
Sopranos
Jak &amp; Daxter
Damn. So, if you were to take it during a concert with your partner, do you feel like you can take care of each other or do you just throw everything out the window and do some stupid shit?
It's not the severe, if you stay together you will be fine.
Just cooked some absolutely horrendous food while drunk
Did you cum in it, though?
captcha: PYAGS
I mean about the cheating thing, not like doing things like when you're drunk.
How would you rate the experience?
you had me inspired, I'm doing the same
not touching my lyrica/kpin/opis until may
wgmi
culinary highlight was when i poured earl gray tea into ramen because i forgot how to get water
randomly stumbled on this meth slut anthem. I don't know why this song is good but it is
https://on.soundcloud.com/nwYhs
i poured earl gray tea into ramen because i forgot how to get water
My fucking sides
therapist said "or male"
STOP. FEMBOYS AND TRANNIES ARENT GAY
used too many drugs
see flashes of light in my peripheral vision in the dark
see flashing shades in my peripheral vision during day
goddamn.
see flashes of light in my peripheral vision in the dark
This was happening to me well before I ever started doing drugs.
shit didn't even taste bad once i added the msg
adding a bit of milk in ramen is a secret cheat code
might make me start again. fucking shit has me on edge. part of the reason i loved depressants was that i didn't fear the dark anymore.
I got tinnitus and visual snow from SSRIs. Ironically illicit drugs have never given me any permanent side effect
small amount of milk in ramen 
My stomach turns at the thought but I may have to try this out.
Gotting wasted on alc is kinda more fun than getting stoned desu
from what i can tell people who love weed over alcohol tend to be substance abusers at heart who dislike alcohol because one of their parents used it extensively
like literally the amount that you'd add to tea. it thickens up the sauce a little bit and adds a little bit of fat to help mute the flavor
it's more fun but i lose any vestige of self control and ruin the next day not to mention i tend to alcohol spiral within 8 hours of drinking
i hate alcohol because i love it too much
will edibles have less of an effect if i take them 1 hr after a (light) meal? how long should i wait?
no, the onset just might be delayed. don't wait since edibles take up to 2 hours to kick in anyway. if they're gel edibles just hold it in your mouth or under your tongue until it dissolves, it'll start kicking in sooner
hate alcohol, love weed
No I'm actually pic related
Little late but happy 420 anons
I tried 40mg the other week and it was actually quite weak to me regular 20mg sessions, I'm in the mood to get kinda fucked so I just took 100mg of some legal dispensary "glitch chews" 
Wish me luck
based
listen to classical music
Well writing this post >>73033689
I think they may have ben gels>>73033563
Like holy fuck its only been 20 minutes
BROS BROS BROS BROS BORS iM HAVING FUCKING FRACTALS WHEN i CLOSE MWY EYES >>73033939
LLIKE HOLY FUCK
FFET FEEL LIKE LIQUID
Weed is God's blessing to losers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ55jBFCAC8 [Embed]
no alcohol day 2
feeling quite bad
will probably get plastered this weekend again
Dexedrine
Gin
Blue Sky Noise
Documentaries about animals
Bioshock
Every time I do more than 900mg of DXM I just forget the trip, don't see any cool hallucinations, and deal with serotonin syndrome for the next 5 hours.
weed is unironically probably the only reason i havent kms yet
i'm justifying my sobriety on 4/20 because of finals and i already got stoned 3 times this week :/
lmao have fun buddy 
listen to some good tunes
alternatively watch scary shit like perfect blue and be more terrified than you have ever felt
every time i elbow drop my NMDA receptors i don't remember anything
hmmmm
Yeah but I have perma tolerance which means I don't hallucinate anything without weed and am heavy so 1200mg should be the start of third plat for me.
Psilocybin 
Plum wine
Good News for People who Love Bad News
Misadventures of Flapjack
Splatoon
So let's say hypothetically I want to get som san pedro cactus powder for mescaline, if it's labeled "incense" that's just for legal reasons right?
alternatively watch scary shit like perfect blue and be more terrified than you have ever felt
lIKE D i KNEVER KNEW OR HEARD WJAT TJEKE FICL TKE WASD OF TJE GELKOK;L GEF;K GE;KL TYPE TYPE TYPE EDOIDLE S >
this 10mg edible hits fucking hard
jealous as fuck of you
t. spent $185 on edibles for today and i'm still not high enough. just threw some RSO in the mix and i'm about to take a dab
Yeah, I think? Mine was labeled as green soap dye lolol. Worked fine.
What're some fun stuff I should do after my 21 day break from Mary guana? On day 13.
Was sober for eight months until today. Been having a great time eating a croissant crust pizza, a peach pie, and some banana ice cream while watching the Mushishi movies.
