HAPPY 4/20 BROS!!!! it is also hitlers birthday, do whatever you want with that information.
There are a number of things which have happened on the current date
What the fuck my birthday is in a week, God I feel so old and unaccomplished. Fuck you OP! >:(
It's also the day of the COLUM-BINE shooting
A LOT of Illuminati shit is tied to this date you satanic cock sucking piece of shit motherfucking bastard 
I love you
I'm sorry OP I'm just really disappointed in my life and I don't know how to escape the regret :(
tfw no gf or at least a robot fren to get high with on 4/20
Happy (early) birthday anon &lt;3
Yeah thank you anon
God 22 years on this Earth, I wish I could go back already.
You can never go back, so start taking the first steps on fixing your shit. Like getting blazed today and contemplating how you want to spend your meatsacks time on this earth doing.
love you too &lt;3
im sorry anon ;( but still happy birthday ill come back in a week and see if you're still around
21 here. Every FUCKING day i wish i could go back in time to the early '10s and just disobey my parents. Maybe i would be a normal person at this point. I have too many regrets.
Thanks anon
Maybe I'll go to a restaurant that day.
Screwed over by parents too? I wish I could be more assertive and rebellious. I feel like I'm like Butters from south park, except my parents aren't abusive more, christian.
Yeah my parents were/are fucking idiots. They think as long as god exists and is in control, everything is going to be okay.
Tell me about it. Moved across the country and I was forced to give up my life savings so that we wouldnt end up homeless. And I couldn't not move and lived by my self because I was homeschooled and socially retarded.
Bro I moved to a whole different country and it fucked me up more than I thought it would. Now I'm back to where I was born (usa/belly of the beast) and i feel disconnected from everyone i come across in public. I cant stand my fucking family.
Gnostic philosiphy was a mistake. I wish we retained pagan ideals of local traditions over the idea of a higher spiritual realm that is above the Earth.
it is also hitlers birthday
88
