i'm a femanon. ask me anything, plebbit style.
are you bigoted towards any groups
Timestamp and tits you larping faggot
nope not unless i have a reason to
Why don't girls like to play sports? I just want an athletic gf...
what kind of answer is that lol. come the fuck on
not retarded enough to do that for free dumbass
proof? Also how do I get women to stop being betas?
In a future where humanity has mastered dna manipulation and you can choose any and all traits that your offspring will have, how big do you make your son's cock?
personally because i'm lazy and would rather sit on my ass all day
trust me bro!!!!!1111!1!!!!1
talk to women like literally anyone we don't care, if she doesnt have a sense of humor then shes just retarded
Where are you from where u have to come to this board to talk to people? Do you just live in the middle of nowhere? Are there no chads nearby?
kek i hate children and i'm unfuckable
Kys you deranged incel. Sage.
im retarded so nobody will talk to me irl hahahahhaha
OP again, I'm also trans just so you all know
Ah, so you're from Ohio
Irrelevant and irrelevant. Now answer my question. If you're gonna make an ama style thread, you gotta at least put in the effort to answer questions
identity theft is a crime bitch!1!!!!
You talk in a very confusing mannor comrade. Also I don't need help talking to women or getting laid, thats easy. The problem is that all women want the same shit and I am just not into it. They aren't girlfriend material.
are you wearing socks or not? what would your reaction be to me kissing your feet?
serious answers only &lt;3
then probably like 7 inches, anything else is painful
Thoughts on the Peanuts comic strip?
i've always liked it a lot
close, arizona
i have hobbies yall just arent asking
How retarded are you? Jut make friends with the injuns?
haha yeah thats so interesting
also i cant do a timestamp atm i can probably do something else tho
How ugly are you btw
Unoriginal
why did you ignore my question to post this? people won't ask if you will ignore them
adhd autism and anorexia
What's extraordinary about you to be deserving of an ama then
im not ugly per se i'm just generic
what was ur question again? srry if i missed it
Anon was right about this place. Newfags are the worst. >>73014903 
here, it is important :3
This you? (originally lololol)
https://voca.ro/1iD9KMpbm66M
i'm a musician, artist, and songwriter
Kill all larpers
ya i am wearing socks. im weird about my feet so idk if i'd like that sensation that much.
nah id rather be murdered than wear that in public
What makes you so unfuckable then
the autism and adhd
And that matters in hookup culture?
i forgot to mention i don't leave my house
Do you think presenting myself as a fan would give most folk the "ick?"
I think I like it too much regardless, admittedly.
hot, i would do it for your reaction. any more description
i dont think so. i personally find it endearing. girls like that kind of stuff.
lol id probably accidentally kick you
proof for those who missed it
https://voca.ro/1iD9KMpbm66M
Films/television or books?
Hot weather or cold weather?
Cuddling or rough stuff?
Vocaroo response preferred.
What are your aspirations? Any goals you have for the future? Whats your favorite color?
That feels reassuring to know.
These days, I imagine most people don't care all to much for Peanuts. They've probably heard of it, watched a few specials and maybe read a strip or two, but have no strong attachment to it.
https://voca.ro/15Rq0OH8raP3
why do women feel entitled to bodily autonomy, they only have it because men gave it to them in the first place
i wanna be an art director, specifically for film. so ya my goal would be college for that. i've been working on my portfolio.
baby blue is my favorite color. but pink is a close second.
Oh I didn't actually expect that, thanks. Saw is great, looking forward to Saw X, hopefully it gets the franchise back on track
everyone deserves the right to bodily autonomy, humans aren't some weird hivemind
me tooooo i can't wait. what did you think of Spiral? i liked it better than Jigsaw but it's not hard to be better than Jigsaw.
How old are you? Do you like any specific accents?
why? rights do not exist in nature. youve not made any point besides
What's the appeal of this board for you? I just don't see why any female would want to spend time here
Yea, I liked it better too, but it still sorta sucked. It just wasn't as fun and silly as the original series. Personally, I'm hoping Tobin Bell returns as Jigsaw's evil twin, because fuck it why not!
people here are chill and can be funny.
i meant the color or something anon...
18. i really like british accents (any kind) and nigerian and indian accents. they're so musical in a way and calming.
gotchu. i'm white and pretty pale so my feet are too. they're pretty soft since i don't get out much. i also get pedicures often.
Damn, I have an English accent but you're a little young for me, unfortunately. Not that anything was gonna happen, but still.
it's all good. accents are nice in any situation.
That they are. You have a sweet sounding voice, by the way. Nice to hear somebody talk without, like, adding, like, like, every, like, other word, like this.
i agree, they take themselves too seriously now. after the backlash they got from 3D they tried to be all gritty and cool.
thank you, anon! i'm glad you like my mannerisms lol
I think the 3D made it even funnier, in a terrible way. I was there opening night with those stupid glasses, watching body parts fly into the screen was great.
i love the scene with Jill and the RBT, but the pink blood was always off putting
Are you lonely? Whose dick do you want? Can you lighten up at all? Are you ugly or hot?
I liked Jill and the...err...rollercoaster thing? I don't even remember what that was, turned out to be a dream but that was so damn funny.
yeah, i'm lonely. i'm not picky. i'm actually a pretty positive person in my personal life, just not when it comes to myself. idk if i'm ugly or hot. i'm not one to judge and i also have a very distorted self image.
i distinctly remember each of her tits being thrown in a separate direction and that damn near killed me
Honk honk
Ahoooga ahoooga
RMRMRMRMRM
OOOOH-OOH-AH-AH
Ka-ching thank you ma'am
https://youtu.be/HO_LxdtA0p8?t=978 [Embed]
16:18 in case it doesn't load at the right time, this edit of it always makes me laugh.
chubby_cow.jpg
i remember that omg it's one of my favorites
Just in case you haven't seen it in a while, it's possible you didn't notice on a first viewing, but Saw IV is the funniest because they went all out on these bizarre avant-garde scene transitions. It's like a whole new meta-level of hilarity. Highly recommend a rewatch with that in mind.
