How do you feel robots? Are you happy or miserable? What's going on with your lives? I'm interested in listening.
Drunk. I drank too much too early. I'll be the shaky hungover tomorrow and I'll finish what's left and I'll quit drinking. After what's left then I'm done, then it's onto smoking.
I'm feeling a bit down, my neck is in a lot of pain and I've been losing weight so it's a mix of good and bad. I've been trying to deal with actually getting things done besides exercising, I just don't have any real motivation for some reason.
I became kind of addicted to weed
I finger myself or do other fucked up shit everyday, multiple times and edge like 50 times a day, I have nothing that makes me happy besides porn and my online bf 
I feel like I'm forgetting myself and my past, I feel hollow and constant dread
I can't bring myself to eat anything, everything tastes like garbage now and even if I'm starving, I can barely eat anything and would rather feel sick
I gave up on myself and surroundings and don't care for myself
No idea how to escape this, I tried to quit weed, porn etc butI can't
Feeling quite ok. Bit sad, because I just started thinking, at some point in my life I need to bury by parents as they get old etc. Then I would be all alone. I like alone, but calling them or just having ability to speak with them will be gone. Thinking, this life cycle sucks sometimes. Why do loved ones die.
Thinking I should travel somewhere. I always wanted to see South America. Peru or something like this.
Feeling pretty okay. I ordered a new car and it is being shipped to me so I am looking forward to that. Otherwise, I am dealing with a lot of stress and drama at work, however, the excitement about the new car helps me offset the stress.
Not good. The loneliness is so overwhelming lately that I just keep writing half-erotic nonsense nobody will ever see or care about.
When the tears come down, let the tears come down
I feel awful because i am obsessed over someone who will not take me back. I am currently in a state of loneliness where id just appreciate anyone.
Jealous man, i'm busting my ass and saving up for a new Honda civic, that's all I want because their cars are the fucking best
I feel better in mind and body than I ever have before and it's getting better all the time. This trend will end eventually because there are problems I can't deal with, like my total lack of money which will kill me one day
At least you still have the energy to write. I never wrote any fanfiction, a novel, a story. Not even a poem. Nothing.
i feel like i have no goal. walking aimlessly. i wish i had someone to do something with in all my empty hours. i think i will get a job. lets see how long it takes them to find out im coming in high every day hahaha
Same, I hate how most of the younger generation is lost as shit. What the fuck are we supposed to do with our lives? Do we just wagecuck untill robots replace and kills us now?
I've got nothing to lose so I'm gonna try this no fap. I'm mega addicted to porn so I think I'm feeling withdrawal and massive urges to watch porn. It's only been 5 days I'm gonna stick with it
Based I start work tomorrow and already thinking of sneaking a few beers in.
I am miserable, but mostly just emotionally unstable largely due to events in my life. I want romance and a gf, but am too unstable to keep a girl around since my personality can drastically differ.
I despise coalburners for making me a mixed race ugly subhuman mutt
The urge comes and goes for me; last time I wrote anything was in September, and it was miserable garbage. I'm lucky to be able to strain out a couple words once every few months. Writing is tough, and writing prose causes me physical and mental pain. I always tell people to not bother with it.
heheheh workplace theft is badass nigga!!!!
Bummed out. Trying to reach this big milestone in life and I just keep failing and there's not anything I can do about it. I'm just built different (incorrectly). Hard to feel good about life when it looks like things are going to be the same forever.
I'm going to try and improve my cooking skills and create my own conlang.
I'm worried for the future. I'm entering college, but I don't like what awaits for me as long as I continue down this path. Most people I see are miserable and drown their sorrows in distractions from the misery of their awful soul crushing jobs. I want to stand apart but it's so difficult to do so. If I don't find some strange venture and make it on my own to lead an impactful life idk what I'll do besides die away in drugs. 
I'm slowly getting over a girl that dumped me a few months ago. Everyone keeps telling me that she downgraded, or that they don't know what I saw in her anyway. What I saw was a human connection unable to be felt with pretty much any other, but even then I can see why it ended and what's the worst about it is I spent so much time becoming more attractive which people have recognized but even still she was emotionally complex enough to judge beyond just my appearance. She was nice, but still I see why we weren't compatible and why it had to end. Anyway as time goes on I'm closing myself off to relationships and I'm not sure if I'll be alone until I finally make a huge impact. 
The depressing sentiment aside, this health journey I've been on has been quite rewarding. It's nice that my goal is to reach model/movie star levels of attractiveness and slowly making progress is enjoyable. I'm also getting into various martial arts which is really quite a spark at the moment. The endless possibilities in fighting someone else with pride and ego on the line is thrilling. But still, I'm so different that it's hard to connect with people. I take everything I do to an extreme and others want to relax and don't get as much enjoyment in chasing wild dreams. Just hope I find other wild people soon. I'm sure as I become more successful it'll be easier to sort people from that.
Met someone over discord just to have someone to talk to I'm so lonely. But they're both esl and swarmed with attention. I'm leading every conversation and even my questions don't get very interesting or detailed answers because I don't know their language and they're obviously not interested in knowing anything about myself. So I will see how it goes.
doxx them
My money situation is pretty good but it's literally physically impossible for me to get a GF/wife and I'm all bent out of shape about that fact.
That would be mean no
What kind of stuff are you interested in, anon? Also what kind of questions are you asking them?
I had a mental breakdown in my car where I screamed in a way that sounded inhuman and nearly drove into incoming traffic. I just feel empty at the moment
Just went for a run, took a shower, and brushed my teeth. Life is good. Also I've never had sex.
I haven't found any general "topics" I'm not interested. I like people, and I like talking with people learning more about whatever they like and the kind of person they are, could be about anything. I'm asking about their life, the people they know the things they do I try and push for more detail in whatever comes up but all I'm getting is "yeah, no, it was good/it was bad, I agree/ I dont think so" I'm running out of material fast.
I had an overwhelming sense of urgency and abhorrence over the fall and winter. The change of circumstances before and during that time has abated such sentiments but now all I'm feeling is apathy when I should be feeling at least some form of scrutiny, as I've made no major self-improvements in that time. I fear that I will always be as I am, that when the time comes where I've learned to live, it will be too late.
Sorry to hear that, anon. I hope you'll at least enjoy some stuff I'll link here that might interest you. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larger_Pacific_striped_octopus this is a species of octopus that's social and doesn't die off after mating(at least not the first time), meaning it has the initial requirements to becoming a far more intelligent and even sapient species.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirula This is a cephalopod that still has its ancestral shell, although its internal.
I have a gun. I have the diagram (pic related) and I want to die. So why can't I shoot myself?
cuz your survival instincts tell you not too, dying is pretty scary but the thing that comes after is the goal.
I feel stressed out about an upcoming exam that I admittedly haven't even started studying for yet. Oh well.
are you interested in your degree? why do people still go to college just for the money and not because they have a passion for such subject? your own money or scholarship is going too school, stop wasting it or drop out.
Feeling bitter and resentful, the kind of mood that makes people do awful things they regret.
There is no single thing that cause me to feel this way, but the last straw was getting attached to someone and feeling like we really connected, only for them to silently disappear.
It's not the first time this happens to me, I should be used to it by this point, but it hurts in many different ways.
Maybe it's fate constantly teasing me with nuggets of happiness and hope, only for it take it away, whenever I reach some stability and a status quo.
Parents. And because it's probably the clearest path to a decent career.
You could always do trade or military mate, but yeah getting a career is a bitch nowadays. Just study and get the degree or else shits gonna be hard for you.
Thank you for the encouragement anon. Will do my best.
God I wish I had a pack of cold beers right now
My sister came to live with me. She came with her kid.
My sister got back to snorting cocaine.
My sister got into a lot of debt.
I was using her bank accounts/credit cards bc I'm also in debt
Now I have to pay both mine and her debt or I'll be unable to pay even my own debt
My sister is getting hospitalized tomorrow
I'm stuck with her kid
I'm not sure how I'll pay this month. Every month I have to pay about 5 times what I make.
I'm feeling detached right now. At least she will be gone for a time. I was about to kill her.
Enjoy bankruptcy anon, credit is a Jewish myth anyway make sure to max out as many cards as you can before you file. I'd buy a big brick of cocaine.
Miserable, I want to be a girl but can't talk about it to anyone or I get laughed at or get called a tranny.
I'm slowly getting addicted to heroin and I don't even care. I originally bought it just to OD with because I'm a depressed loser but after testing it out, it's all I want in life. Nothing compares to the feeling of warm euphoria on heroin while lying in bed.
My masturbation habit has been getting worse. It used to just be I'd jack it once or twice a day and feel generally depressed. Last few weeks, I jack it consistently 3-4 times a day and am too tired to do anything else. Today I managed to get the motivation to work on a personal project of mine for the whole afternoon, so there's a small victory there. But damn I wish I wasn't a porn addict. I don't feel a lot of anything anymore, but maybe that would help. 
A friend of mine, who is perpetually going through tough shit, is going through even tougher shit right now. He might have cancer, and his thyroid is fucked. He's barely even 24. And the worst part is I don't really feel anything about it. But I have trouble feeling things for others. I don't experience love, nor did I feel anything when my grandmothers died. Every day it becomes more and more clear to me that there's something glaringly wrong with me. I feel inhuman. Just an observer of life, never fitting in anywhere (not even here) and doomed to drift and wander forever. Well, wander online, but since I don't really go outside other than for my job, it might as well be my life. Every few years I lose all my friends and have to go somewhere else. I'm hoping I finally found the people who will stick with me in the long run, though I can't say for certain.
I have a long term girlfriend, supportive friends and family. But I'm suicidal still. I hate knowing I have no freedom. That I only have a few hours before I have to go back to work again. It's not even my job being especially difficult, it's that I'm a fucked up person that can't handle it but I don't have a choice. All I feel is constant anxious dread about going back to work, about disassociating most of my waking hours doing something I hate only to pass out and repeat the process with a few hours in between. I've lost interest in all of my old hobbies, and generally with my own identity. The only thing I value is my time I spend doomscrolling the internet for dopamine. Entire years of my life have vanished and I have nothing to show for it. My life never got better. Things I own just sit there. My life itself feels completely devoid of purpose. Honestly the only light I feel is seeing other people be happy because I want to protect them from feeling the way I do. Good lives, and genuine happiness exist even if I don't experience it anymore. That's the only reason I wake up every day, and I hope it keeps working for me. Probably the happiest I've ever felt was the period of time after I was fired a while ago and I had to live off of my savings for a couple months. It was the first time I've felt a real sense of joy and like I was discovering myself again.It all ended when I got another job, and now I'm back to where I was.
Secret is that I've been self harming and hallucinating for the past year, but I don't have insurance to seek treatment or a roadmap to get disability. Everything just keeps getting worse for me but I have to think about how to make it better for others somehow. I have to live through someone else. I'm not real anymore.
Out of curiosity are you attracted to guys, girls or both?
I'd say both, but only because I'm not 100% sure which way I go.
How are you unsure? Is it a matter of preferring the romantic side of one sex over the other, or? I don't understand.
Pretty miserable, I guess.
I just lost my dog a few days ago on my birthday. We took her in when I was 10 years old and she was 6 months old. I never had any friends aside from my dog who kept me company for 17 years until fate decided to take another shit on my head and take her away on the day of my birthday.
I was cursed with almost as many mental illnesses as I have fingers, but my thoughts and reasoning are not compromised. I have to live fully conscious of the fact that I am completely fucking broken and without purpose and there is nothing I can do about it.
Most of these illnesses have gotten a lot worse after my father died. When I was 15 there was this girl I liked at school who, at the time was also showing interest in me. Then, all of a sudden, my dad dies and I develop panic disorders. I dropped out of school and never saw the girl ever again and it hurt me for years until I managed to get over it in my early 20s. Losing my dad and my first love so suddenly and at the same time deteriorated my mental health so much further I never went outside again unless I was forced to, and when I did I had to deal with constant panic attacks.
I'm now close to my thirties, never accomplished anything, never felt the warmth of a significant other, unable to apply all the knowledge I've gotten over the years and having to deal with eldrich nightmares every time I try to sleep. I try to help my mother however I can at the house but I still feel like I'm a burden and I hate causing trouble for others. My life has been a giant shitstorm ever since the moment I first opened my eyes. Sometimes I just wish to go into a coma for one year just so my mind can rest a little.
I literally don't know how it feels like to be happy and I don't know if I ever will.
I'm sorry for venting. I'm in a lot of pain right now, I just needed to let it out a bit.
Opened up to women and dating again after a previous relationship fucked me up for almost four years. Was together with my now ex for three months and we broke up two weeks ago. 
Didn't feel good at first, but looking back she treated me like shit and had an insanly slutty past which I thought I could ignore but it was always in the back of my mind.
Wondering how or if I will ever get another relationship, but life isn't that bad.
Yeah, pretty much. Romantically, I'd like to be with a guy, but I could go either way sexually. Plus I've been pressured all my life to only like girls in both ways so that's added to my confusion.
I'm doing terrible. I got an amazing job that pays extremely well, but, it's more dangerous than I thought it would be. Also, It's harder than I Thought and I am busting my ass trying to make sense of it, but, If it doesn't work out and I get fired I will just kms. I also have, possibly, an out of wedlock child who looks like me, I think , with a girl I was "Friends with" for years and years and we got drunk adn had sex behind her boyfriends back. Then she turned around and accused me of rape to save her own ass. Now she has a kid who looks like me who I need to get a paternity test on. I think he looks like me. It's all fucked. 
I'm alone now. I have no one but drugs I do on my days off. I just hate my life and I want to die.
Well, for further inquiry and my curiosity:
Engineering was a mistake
Recently I've had this urge to nurture and raise something as my own. I get why cat ladies exist now.
Extremely tired, but good
Life is fine, I'm ready to move on though. Can't wait to be more independent.
Human nurturing instincts are strong things. You might enjoy feeding and taking care of your local wildlife(like squirrels). If you play your cards right then you can likely even get pretty friendly with them.
The weather is cooling down. I'm afraid but also kind of excited. God is good.
I feel absolutely devastated and my life is in shambles. Im literally George but without Morning Star.
Are you tall and/or masculine looking already?
I'm 6'2 and I'd say that I'm as masculine as the average man.
Are you autistic or elevated in schizotypy(have schizoid PD, schizotypal PD, etc.)?
Diagnosed aspie.
Is your ring finger significantly longer than your pointer fingers
Nope, they're about the same length on both hands.
I've got the same amount of facial hair as a 13 yo boy at 20, but the rest of my body has an average amount of hair. And no, my hips are about the same size as other men.
That's all a bit curious, honestly. What about body hair? Is it lacking like your facial hair is? That'd make me think your DHT is low for some reason. It'd make some sense. Some further questions:
I gave up neetdom for a life of having a decent job and a loving gf. It is not worth it, deep down I know I was born to watch anime and masturbate all day
Do you consider yourself submissive?
I'd say I'm a switch, but only because of my height. I'd definitely be a hard sub if I were a few inches shorter.
Do you think you 'relieve yourself' more often than the average man?
Yes, absolutely. I've been masturbating 3-5 times a day for years.
Yes, I've had a feminization and gender bend fetish for a couple years. (Although I should clarify that I've wanted to be a woman since before I even knew what masturbation or sex was)
Most of the people I meet in my life love me, but I only feel a sense of attachment and loyalty to the various women I have short term affairs with. They make me feel the only peace,comfort and safety I ever feel in my life. Everyone else is my enemy, a tool for me to use. I am extremely social, but only because people tend to trust more outgoing people.
Eventually, unless they're completely desperate, this attitude drives women away. I don't blame them. Aside from a few, I just want to destroy them at a certain point. I resent them for not fitting the mold of the way I idealized them.
Right now I'm seeing this woman who is just like me, a complete narcissistic sociopath, and it makes her the sexiest woman I've ever met, even though she's kinda ugly and annoying
i'm miserable but i think it's because i have zero motivation to improve myself.
lately i have nothing besides work in my life. sure i dreamed of this job while in college but now i'm half a year into it and realizing that i dreamt more about life in a different country than the job itself, it's just a way to get in.
no gf
i feel pretty bummed out that i put zero effort into pursuing anyone. worst part is i still haven't tried to go on a dating app where i'm sure someone that i like will show up.
i know i'm not that ugly because i have gotten womens' attention while out drinking/partying etc but i'm being too passive about it. nothing led out of those encounters either because i either fucked it up or she was only visiting for a night.
no hobbies
i feel like i have zero energy to pursue hobbies, but then again that's just my stupid brain telling me it's too hard. the times i manage to get past that initial block i just end up underwhelmed and fall into the demotivated trap again
i can't even enjoy being drunk anymore because it fucks with my sleep
my sexuality has plummeted so i only jerk off like once a day or two if i try more it just doesn't feel good
i do sometimes have suicidal thoughts but i don't even think of them as legitimate because it feels like an easy way out and killing myself in my early 20s would just be a bitch move, especially since people say i have potential. i want to destroy this part of me that is tired from trying new things
Would you say it's more of a fantasy instead of a fetish then? Do you find yourself pretty much only desiring media/gratification that fits one or both of those criteria? Also are you legs significantly longer than the rest of your body(I.E. are your legs longer than the length from the top of your head down to the bottom of your pelvis)? The latter question is something that's largely about your height being either mostly environmental or genetic.
I feel miserable because I got injured and I am gonna miss a (probably) once in a lifetime opportunity because of that
Would you say it's more of a fantasy instead of a fetish then?
I'd love to say so, but because of the fact that I've felt like this before I learned about sexuality, I've got enough doubt to feel like something might be wrong with me outside of having weird and disgusting fetishes.
Do you find yourself pretty much only desiring media/gratification that fits one or both of those criteria?
Nope, I go out of my way to avoid media that includes those things whenever I'm not masturbating.
No. I'm completely proportional for a man, I'm just tall because both my parents were taller than usual and went out of their ways to make me grow tall (fed me a lot and forced me to sleep a lot, even when I didn't want to).
Out of curiosity: When did you first have a romantic or sexual interest in men? Was it before masturbation too? Also although autism is typically associated with androgenic development/characteristics, your 2d4d ratio is evidently less typical of an autistic male. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digit_ratio#Correlations then there's also anogenital distance but I'm not about to ask you to measure that. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anogenital_distance
When did you first have a romantic or sexual interest in men?
Romantic interest started around age 9 or so and sexual around age 15.
Was it before masturbation too?
Romantic attraction - yes.
Sexual attraction - no, although it did start with a wet dream I had about one of my friends, so take that as you wish.
That's strange, because mentally, I'm a classic case of autism, so I would've thought I had the physical signs as well.
It is peculiar but it's not unheard of. It's all correlatory, the relationship with androgenic development/characteristics and autism. Another correlation is prenatal brain inflammation iirc(I.E. very early brain damage, but brain damage that can be repaired due to the excess of embryonic stem cells). I actually have a similar case as you with 2d4d ratio but otherwise I'm very observably masculine. I did have plenty of brain damage very early in my development though and I'm bi, like you are.
Ultimately I'd say you should hold your hopes out for regenerative medicine to advance to the point where surgeries that shorten the spinal cord, bones, etc. as well as procedures that can bestow tissues you didn't develop with(I.E. ovarian/vaginal tissue) come out. May be a while, but with the advances in regenerative medicine you can expect de-aging to have come a good way too.
Not a robot. I'm a /an/on, and I'm having a great time with my dog girlfriend.
i'm so full of hate and resentment the only thing that makes me happy is making other girls suffer as much as possible
need to find another mentally ill girl and force her to cut herself
