is my mind rotted by 4chan misogyny, I have a gf who is 28 and im 25.
am i a cuck for not dating a younger girl? Am I retarded for dating someone nearing 30 and not someone in their early 20s? She had a great body like a 12 year old and a really cute face, a couple of lines around the mouth and eyes though. Am i a cuck? I can't tell. I don't want to be losing my dignity desu
If she has a young hot body it doesn't matter
but most women hit the wall around 22
She had a great body like a 12 year old
what the fuck
t. roastie that thinks a 35 year old hag is the peak of woman sexual attractiveness
pedonigger holocaust now
cuck cuck cuck cuck cuck cuck cuck cuck
Jesus fuck you are a dumb faggot. You are retarded for buying too much into the 4chan propaganda. You don't even really know what the fuck cuck means. If you're happy and she's happy, there's no issue. Consider yourself lucky you have a girlfriend in the first place, especially if she's attractive and isn't shitty to you. Stop thinking about what you could be doing, who you could be seeing. You're sabotaging yourself.
Do you want to have kids? Are you still attracted to her? The reason to date younger is because they will be able to have kids easier and will hopefully be more attractive. But there are plenty of women even past 30 who still look good. If you don't want kids there's no reason to not date those women if you want.
She had a great body like a 12 year old
Fucking kill yourself.
I have a gf
WHY ARE YOU HERE? GET OFF OUR BOARD
is my mind rotted by 4chan 
She had a great body like a 12 year old
Yeah, I'd say your mind is pretty rotted.
She had a great body like a 12 year old
explain
does she shave
is she kinky? whats her bodycount? how often do you fuck? does she swallow cum and piss
I don't want to be losing my dignity desu
You don't deserve a gf and I hope she dumps you after cucking you retard
Somehow missed this sentence. Yeah kys OP
Are you watching her fuck other guys? Then no you're not a cuck.
Has she been round the carousel? Then maybe, but that's a stretch.
You're just a moron
whats the problems?
i dont understand?
are you a cuck?
i think you are, because you are loving on a used up hag who was easily passed around by various chads and drug dealers and mucisians, and who enjoys you as a safe emotional tampon
but if you dont care about her past, and enjoy your time with her, who cares? even grannies are never without companionship, because men are that pathetic that any drop of pussy means the world to them
your romantic partner is always going to be tainted by another man. her favorite experiences, her youth, when she was at her horniest and eager to explore; all with someone else. she planned for a guy like you, and she was correct in doing so
she literally has someone else's sperm dna living inside her, influencing her brain and also her uterus. telegony is real, btw
but if you're happy, who even cares? if you're capable of emotionally committing to her, and you dont really care that she isnt with you, who cares? you are winning when you are in love
Think about it by the time you guys are officially dating she'a 29. Lets say you date for two years, shes 31. You propose, wait another year until marriage. 32 is still fine but you can see the pressure she's under.
Now 12 year olds dont need to worry about anything :)
I don't see any problem, you really shouldn't let 4chan rot your brain like this.
See this guy
While he is right about microchimerism what can be done about it? Your only other choice is to find a "pure" woman, a literal cryptid if you don't groom her from 10 years old to be your perdect wife. Good luck with that without going to jail.
Yes, dump her and get a dog wife instead.
