my friend wants a completely inexperienced incel bf to save and she's an ex-slut. she's totally not me btw.
i wish her good luck in her search then
my friend wants a completely inexperienced incel bf to save
You've posted this enough times and it's also pretty obvious you don't actually want one
I have a friend like that. He requires a dominant or switch partner though, and in his experience the most promiscuous girls tend to be subs.
Tell her that I don't want a novelty seeker.
incel
aka a handsome man who's extremely shy, no woman wants to "save" an ugly dude
Is she a sub? Will she take it in the ass?
i posted this yesterday and was busy with class so i stopped responding.
how tf can he be a compdom?
you don't sound like an incel.
i want to save an ugly incel. i'll help him be perfect for me.
yes and no.
i want to save an ugly incel. i'll help him be perfect for me.
What will you do when you realize there's no fix for being short or autism?
compdom
He doesn't know what this is.
i want to save an ugly incel
ugly
He also doesn't meet your requirements.
idc if she's short and i'd prefer if he's autistic.
then he's not an incel.
yes and no.
Not a real sub then, I'll have to pass. Bad girl.
He is what some might call a mentalcel.
you're not an incel if you wouldn't date a fake sub.
not a real thing, just cope.
How trans is your friend? How long on HRT? And SRS status?
What is he coping about?
xx chromosomes and i don't want to be a man yet though i fit in well with guys
you tell me about his mental"""cel"""dom and i'll explain. it usually follows 1 of a few archetypical paths, but it usually boils down to being a pussy.
you're not an incel if you wouldn't date a fake sub.
I'd date one, but I'd always be disappointed. Your friend can learn.
you tell me about his mental"""cel"""dom
AvPD.
You can't save porn-addicted coomers.
ex slut
I'd get her to satisfy my NTS fetish.
i want an incel. he'll have to accept my preferences as an incel has to.
are you even lifting a finger to get more comfortable talking to girls?
I'd get her to satisfy my NTS fetish.
what is that? ik ntr but not nts
The fact that Lelouch never deep creampied Kallen is a massive disappointment. She was soaked for his manipulative INTJ cock.
I presume you mean him? He can talk to girls fine in an impersonal manner, it is forming bonds and letting people get close to him that he struggles with. He has a tendency to keep people at a comfortable distance.
Would your "friend" be faithful to your virgin bf? Can you be sure she wouldn't return to her slutty ways?
Dear Male Anon Larping as a Woman
I want an incel
ok
you're not a REAL incel 
Incel as a term is just a word used to invalidate men. Men who never had sex are incels and disparaged with the word. It seems stupid of you to try to invalidate them the other way as well whenever it's convenient for you. Just because you think men aren't proactive enough or making desperate enough concessions talking to an utter stranger on the internet doesn't make someone not an incel. Honestly, I wish you were gone. That's not true: I wish you were dead. But i'd be fine with a compromise where you just went the fuck away.
-Anon
ex-slut
No such thing
saving an incel
No such thing either
i want to save an ugly incel. i'll help him be perfect for me.
Can you tell me stories from your slutty past while stroking my cock ever?
Have you watched Welcome to the NHK? I think you'd like it and Misaki could serve as a rolemodel.
I am a lonely neet and i'd love to be saved, but i think i'm a mentalcell, since i'm white and over 6 feet tall, and my face is fine, but my clumsyness, forgetfulness and jittering make social situations very hard.
What does she have to offer me?
I wish I had a slut that would save me
What if I've been in one LDR and lost my virginity but have been alone for close to 3 years and have no hope of getting into a relationship again? Or do I need to be a virgin?
i'll help him be perfect for me.
What is perfect for you in this case?
she's an ex-slut.
No thanks you, your friends is tainted, like women with tattoos
have sex, femanon. and no, i will not have sex with a slut!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsNtkMmGVEY [Embed]
Based Lelouch
I'm a 36 year old virgin and I would never touch a whore like you. Be gone
yes i haven't slept with any guys in 3 years and haven't been tempted.
i want incels, not volcels. there's a difference lol.
how not?
sure i don't mind.
i want an incel not whatever the fuck you are bragging normie
loyalty, a place to stay, devout love and protection, satisfying sex and comfort
wanna chat?
if you've ever had a relationship or you're not a khhv then you're a no-go, ew normie
eats me out every day, can lift me up and i make him fit, he cooks for me. that's just a few ideas. i'll help you get outfits and hair style i want on a man.
then ur not an incel, sorry.
i want an incel not whatever the fuck you are bragging normie
Rude! I'm an incel because of my mental weakness. Please save me...
ew normie
God, I fucking wish. It's weird, I'm still essentially an incel because I can't get a gf or have sex but I'm not a virgin. So it's like I'm even lower than an incel. H8 life
Not OP but you're both normalfags. Actually try to get a gf.
You're that guy dating the tranny that constantly makes threads about loving their bf, the one who always gatekeeps what an incel is. It's obvious.
I'm a 25 year old virgin who has been rejected by every woman he's ever liked come save me please and thank you
i want a unloveable untouched bf. sorry normies.
??? wtf ru talking about. ive only made 2 threads here ever lmao
where are you from and what r ur interests?
How does one contact you?
you know the rules, tits or gtfo you fucking whore
tfw only a kv
post ur dc.
i'm not a slut anymore anon.
was it a romantic hug/handhold?
anymore
lol, once a slut, always a slut, you can't erase your past
would be too good to be real, this is just internet
wanna chat?
Sure, what do you use
How do i get a gf with no job, friends or active interests? what girl will want to discuss history with me?
i want a unloveable untouched bf. sorry normies.
I've never even had a female collegue. I think it's because of my spergy behaviour and lack of conversation skills and common topics with normies.
It wasn't very romantic, it was more of a way to not get separated in a crowd, but I think there was mutual interest that didn't go anywhere for other reasons.
leave incel men to nice virgin girls like me!! pls!!!!
where are you from and what r ur interests?
From Alaska and my interests include typical nerd shit like MTG, Warhammer, and videogames
Neither of you are sincere.
i am very sincere and genuine, im too autist to lie or try to deceive
And yet you will never post contact info
i'm an ex-slut.
i'm here fr.
chat itt first then we can go to dc. tell me about urself.
you can get a gf but u just dont know how. you'd leave me for another girl and cheat. you have that weak demeanor i can tell.
wtf does that mean? was it a date? how would there be mutual interest?
incels deserve slutty girls.
which vidya
why should i post my contact first anon? TT
which vidya 
Mostly MMOs these days (FF and WoW) but I also like single player RPGs and rougelikes
What country are you from?
or3ginallll
tell me about urself.
I'm a nerdy, loser robot outcast.
It was not a date. We had only just met. I'm not suggesting the interest was at all deep or genuine.
Because you said you were sincere and that's what someone actually looking would do.
i dont want to post my contact and be added by a bunch of people who unfortunately have no idea how to converse past the second message. been there, done that... i dont really have the bandwidth to talk to a bunch of random men, just one
uk
i'm also from the uk. time to get catfished i guess
GrandWizardMan#8323
Liar.
I read your last thread you explicitly exclude short men. You are only after tall volcels. Just admit it slut.
What do you wanna mould an incel into? A perfect simp bf?
Great, it's another woman with ridiculous partner requirements that exclude 90% of men outrights
3d women are a joke
you don't get it bro, she wants a man who's ugly but pretty, losers yet succesful, it's typical female bullshit, to have a cake and eat it too
i might add you, i might not, im thinking about it.. if i do, my tag starts with S
look forward to hearing from my new wife
eats me out every day
ewww no no way
i want a girl who doesn't want me to eat her out. i want only shy insecure girls
this is so pathetic. 20 men simping for a single cumstained whore. kys
73 posts and no proof it's XX
Hope you retards get rinsed
Thread abandoned. Hopes crushed. The search continues.
eats me out every day
Might need to train my jaw muscles
can lift me up
As long as you're not fat, I should already be able to lift you up
he cooks for me.
I can cook a few dishes but I don't have an extensive repertoire
i'll help you get outfits and hair style i want on a man.
Do I have to always show up like that? I like my minimalist look...
biips#8176
please be real please be real
btw op I am 22m, complete khhv cant even get a conversation with a woman irl. I like math, finance, and am trying to learn latin. I do what I can to improve my looks (lifting, fashion, skincare, etc.) but I am still pretty ugly. please save me I cant stand the loneliness any more. I gtg for a bit but please add me if youre real
I'm a khhv who likes sluts but I'm too demoralized to believe I have any hope or that a thread like this would ever be real or lead to anything positive
Why?
Whore is like alcoholic or junkie.
It will always be there, gnawing at you.
Thus ex is impossible.
And incel formation can be only prevented not reversed.
Fixing incel is impossible.
25+ will forever be incel.
30+ will forever be wizard.
So best one can do is find guy in late teens/early twenties and actually helping him with getting in relationship.
After 25 is just varying levels of damage control.
I'm a 6'2 white guy with green eyes and shoulder length curly hair, I'm also fit and have 6 digit income.
By all accounts I should be chad, but I missed a lot of developmental steps and don't know how initiate anything more than light flirting. Please save me femanon, only a few short months of training and I'll be perfect for you!
incel not volcel
Would u take me if im decent looking but mentally ill? I barely go outside
uk
Lol rip. Fuck that depressing shithole
Anything that seems too good to be true most likely is.
Do not under any circumstances date a woman (federal agent) from R9K. The further off site you go, the more unsafe you are.
please give me a chance I have so much love to give. please the loneliness is killing me
This is a real woman trying to find hidden gems because there is something wrong with her. I highly doubt this simp thread glows.
a real woman
I have seen nothing that would make me believe that.
wooofy#7335
you can add me if you want i am a truecel
Okay, at this point I'll try anything. 
Raindancer#7213
I hope to hear from you
ex-slut
no such thing 
once a slut always a slut
kys slut
Pure Mentalcel
 White and 6ft tall
Literally stopped reading, just get pussy already dude, you've already got half the game pining after your ass.
Just stop being fucked in a head, bruh.
Fantastic advice, anon.
I'm sure that thanks to your encouraging words he will just stop whatever is wrong with his head and become normal.
What would mentalcels do without wisemen like you?
too bad i've had plenty of sex in my life, sucks you do sound hot
Every girl like this just wants total control over a guy. Not in a way that is mutually sexy at all times either. In a way that is take out the trash, do the dishes and what not constantly. Sure that would be hot the first few times but it will get old fast.
This thread is another perfect example of why this board needs to be deleted forever. Aren't you faggots ashamed of yourselves? You fucking pussycrumb chasers.
there was a really hot girl at my school who had anxiety. she got attention from all the guys because she had big tits and a pretty face but she was super shy. she dated the shy cute guy at school and ended up fucking his chad friend before him. It was really something having them walk around holding hands telling each other they love each other being all lovey dovey and then next thing you know she skips class to sneak to her boyfriends friends house that is 2 blocks from school to ride his dick for hours. her friends were mean girls and loved to talk about fucked up stuff like that. Of course boyfriend found out she wasnt being faithful so he broke up with her then she made the rounds fucking a few more people ex-boyfriend knew.
hot mentally ill women are something else.
i would happily do this if I had a gf who loved me. whats the point if I dont devote everything I do to her pleasure?
