so fucking retarded. i would've been his perfect, submissive tradwife, i don't talk to anyone other than my family, i would suck his dick 24/7, i'm not ugly WHY DOESNT HE WANT ME???
i'm going to kill myself over this guy i don't want anyone else i'm just done
sigh many such cases
why?
yeah well not everyone goes outside
because i'm retarded like i said
do femgrolomgononoids really?
Well, sorry you got led on, jewish hime-sama.
many such cases
exactly!
why did you think some never-leaves-the-house neet would want a relationship?
i thought it would make him love me...
idk i thought everyone did? why would someone not want a low maintenance relationship with someone who loves them unconditionally?
GOD I wish that were me.
That's how relationships start these days.
"low maintenance" eventually turns into high maintenance as women are never satisfied in the relationship meaning less time for vidya and more time paying attention to stupid girlfriend 
not the best of deals i would say
yes and most of them are strictly virtual very rare for two people who are e-dating to meet up irl without any surprises
disagree i love the idea of just sitting in his room and just stare at him while he's playing with his friends. i used to just watch his stream for hours. he wouldn't even need to talk to me just allow me to be in his company and i would be sosososo happy
No you're not. If you'd just made out with him and maybe jerked him off or got fingered you'd be a "tradwife".
The kind of woman you're saying you are would have enough self-respect to not just give a guy pussy easily
The kind of woman you're saying you are would be forward and honest about wanting to fuck him, but would also understand that men are inherently untrustworthy when it comes to relationships and would see if he was actually willing to spend time with you without sex. 
t. A guy who would wait six months before having sex with a girl
i mean, that's your opinion? i know what i would be like in a relationship better than you. and we knew each other for 2 years, just because it was online doesn't mean it was any less real to me. he was basically the person i was the closest to for a long time now. and as he initiated sex with me i would not deny him for a billion dollars
You have no idea what you're talking about.
let mew guess you met your gf online too huh?
Well good for you
Hopefully the next guy you fall in love with and fuck is also going to just stop talking to you and reject you as a partner afterwards
It seems like that's what you're after if you're not really interested in learning a lesson from this
Cheers, bitch, enjoy the rest of your life
kinda creepy ngl
That's because you're gay and have a small flame driving your consciousness
Only people that are passionate and intense can understand that this means she genuinely would make a good partner
Not like the majority of these women who only feel that interacting with a guy is something to do as a device for feeling good about themselves
thanks but there's not going to be a next one
hmm i think not
Don't kill yourself
It's really not worth it and all jokes aside, you seem like the kind of woman who should be alive.
Half of these fucking sluts alive right now should be dead, and it's because they don't view loyalty or commitment as anything other than a tool through which they can feel good about themselves, and will stop acting that way when it doesn't benefit them anymore
thank you, i appreciate your input but it just feels hopeless, my brain is broken and i literally do not care about anything but him
Is he tall and Chad?
My story actually led to marriage after the talking online, meeting a few times, then moving in together. Even if you had saved it for marriage they can still just up and leave after two years for no fucking reason. Fucked up world we live in. Everyone is lonely but then they push the happy ever after if they actually find it.
Of course it feels hopeless, you made a mistake concerning you heart and romance.
If you want to actually talk to somebody about it, my discord is emotonal_caramel#0617
I'm sure you're not too keen to open yourself up to another person after what just happened, but if you wanted to go out on a limb, I'm probably one of the few people alive in the world with an actual soul
Whatever you decide, I hope your life goes well. Even if you're in pain right now, all pain teaches a lesson, and creates a deeper resistance to further pain that may come down the line in life.
no he is a neet and same height as me. i think if he was a chad he would want me, but alas..
sorry that happened to you. the world is fucked up indeed. people make everything to difficult when it doesn't have to be
thanks again for you kindess, i would take you up on your offer but i'm not great at talking to people so i can't imagine you would enjoy the conversation too much
What? Why? He would probably want you less.
What do you like so much about him then?
kek
As long as you would be willing to reply and not just leave me on read like I'm as asshole for days on end, I'm sure it would be nice. 
You seem like you need somebody to listen and I haven't been able to be supportive to others in the way I am naturally inclined to
It's a weird mix of sadness and self pity occasionally tinged with anger. What can you even make of the situation? Probabilities of two people being a good match and actually meeting each other are low enough as it is. Not saying either of us are the absolute best catch possible but considering reality, is lighting going to strike twice? Is there really that much better of a match out there? Not even speaking of a one sided thing either. If they understand you and you understand them, I feel that's incredibly rare these days. All that's left now is to develop a drinking problem.
Murder him pls.
Corny but; if u cant have him, nobody should. Seems like u wanna end it all anyways so take him with you
