I could kill myself right now
chuu can doo it
Thanks for the support everyone
dam please dont too many sexy koreans are killing themselves
Do not hurt yourself Op, you are a guy that has everything to live for. You just have to find what you love and embrace it
Maybe if i do it ill be rebirthed as a cute korean girl
i think about offing myself jall day
Everything you just said is a blatant lie but thank you nonetheless
Me too but i can do it right now this would be a funny screencap 
in memory of anon
Well i'm not a mind reader, I can only ask why so you feel so low today? What is some nice Korean food?
Im not korean i wish i was and theres no hope left 
Just want to be pretty korean girl who people love
Wasn't their a guy who made himself Asian and paid money to do it? Let me have a quick look
how would you do it anon? most methods have a high chance of failure and you'll probably end up in a hospital bed regretting what you did and with family members/friends worried sick. its not worth the risk anon, you're stuck here with the rest of us.
I have a whole pot of tablets i dont know the name in english and i dont have any friends and my family wants me to do this
Probably. But it definetely wouldnt have turned out well
"life is beautiful! JUST do this, do that! you JUST have a negative attitude! JUST embrace life! JUST get a job! JUST invest in stocks! JUST fix you whole life!"
I would have been fine being some cute aryan girl too but i just ended up swarthoid without getting to be asian
Also he looks very weird
I love JUST!!
Don't many Korean girls have LOTS of plastic surgery to get the perfect face ?
Yeah but you can only do so much
say you take the tablets, im assuming you aren't a doctor so you probably of no idea how much you need to take and if i HAD to bet i'd say you'll just shit bricks and have the worst time of your life spazzing on the floor and suffer brain trauma or end up a vegetable or whatever
also korean people look like bugs srry
I don't want you to do it, I will miss you
That girl has a pretty cute face, I can see why you would want a face like hers
Being a vegetable is better than whatever the fuck this is
I appreciate it anon but you dont even know me
Go on
I don't even know anyone
Now we know eachother
You perfect girls face has I shine that is bright in the photos, it lights up the thread like most can't 
as I look at these pictures she looks like she could change a room from dark to light .
I really like this one, she is winking and it looks very appealing.
things can change anon, you can turn your life around but only if you choose to, nobody will do it for you and you are completely responsible. we gon make it...
Nice my first online friend
Now the girl in the picture is fucking HOT!! this one is very nice and she look like a lot of fun, you have a very nice taste to like her
Thank you very much anon
However i dont know what the fuck to do, everyone keeps telling me to change, but how?
Yeah shes perfect. More suifuel
if you know this girl message her and see if she can do dress up as Jinx from league of legends, that would be amazing !!
It would be rather hard to reach her, anon
Ok, nevermind, she is in Korea and living her best life
As she should be doing
God damn she looks amazing in that one
Yeah
The next best thing to do as an ugly female is to accept supremacy
you can talk to me if you want
Hi
Girls have it easy when it comes to looks, they can change the hair, wear wigs to change their appearance, wear makeup, get filler and no matter how ugly they think they look, every guy will cut their little finger off to kiss her
I love those eyes, very alluring
I got to go bed now because shitty job in the morning, take care OP was nice to speak with you
