I think I prefer staying up at night instead of during the day. Maybe I should adjust my sleep schedule for that. Turn myself into a night owl or something.
You and me both desu
do you live alone? in your own original space of course
How come? For me, I find that I can concentrate much better at night compared to during the day because I feel less anxiety or something, or perhaps it's because there are fewer distractions at night.
No.
i think youd feel better about daytime if you lived on your own
Thanks, anon. You might be right, but we can't be sure until I've tried living by myself for a while.
but what about colleg
I dunno. Considering how badly I've been doing in college, maybe it's not for me :/ 
I think that being slightly sleep deprived in general alleviates my anxiety. I've fantasied about building a schedule that leaves me slightly sleep deprived and gives me time awake in the middle of the night. I guess I'd be spending all my time interacting with Europeans on the internet if that were to happen, though.
I work night shifts. It's definitely much better keeping the sleep-day/awake-night schedule on my nights off. It's so quiet and peaceful. I miss my night rucks and runs, but am restarting them since it's now warming up.
Aren't you the thirsty dude who self diagnosed himself as BPD and doubled down on it and then talked about girl troubles? Would changing your sleep schedule like that help with those sorts of things? Asking for a friend
you forgot to add that he's a pedo
Oh shit. I didn't know he was a pedo.
why are you mean to this anon?
I think he's pretty nice
I did self-diag myself with BPD but I don't think I have it anymore so I don't think that counts as doubling down, anon. Dunno if it would help.
Something for me to try out, for sure.
:) Thanks anon, have a good night/day.
I think he's nice to. I was just confirming who he is and asked questions. How is that mean? He did those things so I was just confirming if this was the same poster or someone else using the same pics. And it's not a secret to anons that he's thirsty, other anons have pointed it out before. He adds every fembot he can and flirts with most of them even in the threads for everyone to see. Lol.
The pedophile thing is new to me though, I didn't know that about him.
A guy with actual BPD showed up in your thread and told you that you don't have the signs of BPD, just discord girl troubles or whatever. You kept trying to refute him so he started to impersonate you. I call that doubling down mate. Anyway that's not important. I asked because a mate of mine has a similar issue now so I thought maybe you could offer advice.
He adds every fembot he can and flirts with most of them even in the threads for everyone to see.
I try to only add anons I enjoy talking to in threads, at the very least :/
A guy with actual BPD showed up in your thread and told you that you don't have the signs of BPD, just discord girl troubles or whatever. You kept trying to refute him so he started to impersonate you.
Okay, I think I remember this a little better now. I definitely remember the impersonator. I didn't think they were the same person :/ It's been a few months anon, can't really expect me to remember all the details of an old thread.
My advice? I'm not sure if I am the right person to ask, but:
Don't act impulsively
Try to calm your mind when it gets emotional. Take some deep breaths, go for a walk, whatever. Take a break from whatever is bothering you.
You should probably ask someone with more experience on the subject. I ended up seeing a doctor.
