I'm fucking HORNY
dude just get a prostitute!
They want a fucking resume, your social security number and a deposit before they even think about seeing you, 10 hours later if you're lucky enough not to get catfished
I'm not 9/10 chad
Also don't want people I know seeing me on it
You know how awkward it is to see girls from your church on a casual sex hookup app? The same girls babysitting in the nursery and singing hymns and you know they were just throating some rando's cock the night before and you're supposed to take them seriously?
How the fuck you supposed to get laid in this day and age without risking the little social status you barely managed to acquire over the years?
We are being tortured
original comment
And not even in a sexy way
This shit is so lame
AND they make you wear a condom, then it's an extra 1000 for raw, and *then* you risk STD
It's just not worth it
legit don't know how to take women seriously knowing that fact. i don't take men who have sex often seriously, yet women expect different treatment?
The effects of a simultaneously repressed and hypersexual society
Yes.
The solution is my own virgin gf to raise a family with. 
Just about everyone used to get one of their own then suddenly...
huge Asuka badonkers
I get you, man, but you have no idea what you're talking about. Sexual liberation was a mistake, but people like you, in your (justified) anger are just becoming the mirror image of feminists
feliz jueves de asuka
shut the fuck up and go do something, you said nothing just now. idiot
That's not a normal or justified response
You btfo yourself
Neither is demanding a world that never existed in teh first place, where you get all the comforts of our current time, with all the freedoms and privileges afforded to people living radically different lives than you, plus a bunch of imagined ones on top. Go read a history book if you think men just "suddenly got virgins" without severe downsides to that society as well. You're as much of a retard as feminazis who blame everything on men and think if only society gets more authoritarian it will solve everything.
yeah, women don't want us ~80% of men (stats for gen z at least) anymore. gonna go do a set of bonesmashing until failure
So there's only one solution.
A final one, even.
There's a middle ground between being every man automatically being handed a virgin female and the feminist dystopia we're currently living. For one, the government needs to stop playing daddy by stealing money from working men and then handing it to women. It used to be that women either had a man, or they didn't fucking get money. So get rid of leftist policies first of all. Next, the pill was a mistake both due to its contraceptive effects as well as its effect on women's psyche and attraction to men. (Look it up.) It might be okay if everything else was fine, but these things compound on one another. Next, break apart all Big Tech companies and destroy online dating services through a lack of profitability or laws. Online dating has had incredibly negative consequences on how people relate to one another, as did social media. All this would be a very good start.
God, I'm going to masturbate to this picture tonight.
DON'T WASTE YOUR SEED ANON
