Brazilian Vacation Edition
Previously: >>73007187 
don't reply to hue or i will pummel you to death
To celebrate your queerness you should have a date in public
venti is my new favorite poster
i need a bf
first for the successor function
they let the prison gay tranny make the new thread
The west falls even further. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8FAnbz_BVA&amp;t=43s [Embed]
Any gaybots in south florida? =w=
yeah nigga i'm in [B]roward
You know he's a tranny, right?
yea hes a tranny mexichud
the jews are poisoning the minds of our cute mexican latinx... turning them into trannies. soon enough there wont be any left.
i thought he was just a based lego autist
didn't seem like a tranny to me when i talked to him
I used to live in broward!!
I heard it's a lot more dangerous since the 2008 recession
I heard it's a lot more dangerous
oh honey you don't know the half of it
i live near where that rapper got shot, it's like a 5 minute walk to that little golden plaque thing
I am not a tranny or mexican
not the true thread, move lads.
Eid Mubarak! I hope everyone enjoys today, whether they celebrate it or not.
as long as you're not a tranny we can chill and knock back some Modelos together Mi Amigga, si
What rapper? I'm not a fan of bl*ck music (except for 90s rnb/rap and Kanye's graduation album)
the one pruned isn't the ventiposter thread
that should come out of the janny's paycheck
He literally came out as a tranny in the other thread, but he was quick to realize his mistake.
xxxtentacion desu
i work for the los zetas cartel
I work for the las tetas cartel
*licks lips*
tfw no edgy and extremely homophobic slavic bf who hates all faggots besides me because I'm one of the good ones
actually i need one of these too. God, or Whoever, needs to get their ass to work and start spawning some of these.
I'm straight but what do you all think about femboys and traps in heels.. they're hot but there's never enough of em posting
i'm not fucking INTERESTED In g.d. femboys! you niggers are prisongay as all get-out!!! motherfucker stop playing with me! i want a frail ass looking mothefucker, sure. but i don't want his ass to be feminine! i'm talking a hairy skeleton bastard with a receding hairline and a bit of a stache..... i want a motherfucker looking like Walmart-brand Baudelaire.... you fucking whack-job femdick-chaser NIGGERS could NEVER Understand the plight of the gay man.... Fuck You....
Fucking cocksucking piece of shit I'm on a ten losing streak now
I'm straight but I'm attracted to men
They are disgusting. This weird emasculation of men is gross. These people should put into camps and forced to become normal. Reeducate them and then make them form a cannon fodder division like the French Foreign legion to set the ones who survive on the correct path. As for you Anon you probably also need this to be done to you. You are a man who's mind has been destroyed by the internet. You've consumed too much degenrate content making you into a tranny loving faggot. 
You people are the reason why I feel nothing but joy over those "woooo spooky anti gay laws" and why I could not care less about what the middle east does with its homosexuals because its probably deserved.
I am keenly aware of the delusion I uphold
extremely homophobic slavic bf who hates all faggots
besides me
Convenient, but hardly true. Such boy would hate both you and himself for being gay, making the relationship impossible. He wouldn't even allow himself to open his heart for another boy. His homophobia would stop it, just like yours.
These people should put into camps and forced to become normal
And yet you don't see the delicious irony of this being done to you?
aaaaaaahhhhbfuck I'm crazy I'm going insane
You people are the reason why I feel nothing but joy over those "woooo spooky anti gay laws"
I don't you're being completely honest, anon. 
The reason why you don't care about homophobia is not because of roaming online degenerates. 
It's because there's only one thing you hate more than degenerates: you being one of them
Moot point since dont you know people would totally get off to your picrel?
Your ideology is just somebody's gay fetish
"im straight but [im a faggot]"
youre gayer than this thread faggot
Interesting.. well here's my dickcord if you wanna stay in touch :p
make.believe#7087
sameposter waiting two minutes so we don't get suspicious
i just lost another myself. im going to kill myself
Just ignore hue please
Would you date a North Korean military husbando?
Its a sacrifice I'm willing to make. Though I'm not as bad as a tranny lover or a tranny. 
Shrug. All that emotional psychology shit you play is lame and I don't care for it. 
I get off to picrel but its a drawing. it isn't a real life man's mental illness caused by years of brainwashing to the point where he buys a dildo and films himself for the world to see. One is disgusting and degenerate but a drawing and the other is disgusting and degenerate with real life implications.
Any advantage I get I throw it away in the last couple of moves
Anon, please, we were having a decent thread
not an argument 
Thank you for admitting defeat
what are you playing?
is it regular blunders or some other more complicated mistake?
well I don't know about decent considering you have a tranny avatarfag and a legit trannyfucker in thread but sure whatever I'll try not to reply to huey
He'd have to let me help him defect
I'm a disgusting degenerate but only in imagination!
Self hatred has taken its toll on you
It's really quite obvious shit, because my board vision is terrible when I'm tilted 
I'm barely keeping above 1200 now and wondering how I got here in the first place
Okay, point taken, let's say we try to avoid going from bad to terrible
give the soviet chess primer a read.
more for 1400s or higher, but will likely have nice stuff.
naroditzky also has some nice videos on his masterclass series, pick your openings.
calm down, the tilt will only spiral.
also, ego in chess is detrimental. learn with defeat instead of getting angry at it.
I get off to a cartoon drawing of men kissing
And yet you fail to realize just how many people would say you were brainwashed for years? 
The best medicine for you as of now is a mirror
i just know hes malding right now
desperation isn't an argument
They're not kissing. It's a nazi officer spitting in a prisoner's mouth. It's a heavily fetishist scenario with undertones of humiliation kink
Its a sacrifice I'm willing to make
So you're willing to die in a concentration camp so long it would rid the world of all degenerates like you? 
Son how badly do you hate yourself? Did you go to church a lot during your youth?
Lets get this over with. This will be my last reply to you. I'm pretty sure we've had this tango before hue anon. 
Yes I will keep on hating myself for being mentally ill
No I will not use your gay dating apps
No I will not have sex
No I will not go to a jewish therapist
No I will not stop being homophobic
One day I hope you stop trolling the gaycel thread and move on to greener pastures 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfmWvfU3dNw [Embed]
This will be my last reply
Has a greater lie ever been told? 
I'll keep hating myself
Sad. You're the only one losing with this attitude.
under blankets
reading theology
not bowing to modernity
oh yeah, comfy time
Studies theology
Is a lonely celibate
It's very on brand when we think about it 
Has "not bowing to modernity" brought anything good to your life? Except, you know, for loneliness?
moe moe kyun
more joy than you'll ever feel
I wish you could remind yourself of this misanthropic resilience whenever you post here, but you'll be back to your usual "tfw no bf" posting in no time. 
It's so mind boggling to me. In one post, you cry about unhappiness. And in the next, you vehemently affirm
I'll keep doing the things that make me sad 
It's almost a puzzle, but the solution is so simple. Self hatred
While you're alone in your room?
So much joy that you find your way back here to cry about being alone. 
did god ever answered your prayers?
So online friends don't exist. You can have regular conversation for months and they still just randomly leave without saying anything.
Fuck
absolutely incredibly based post
online friends
You mean the faceless anonymous strangers who you have never met before?
They totally exist. The question is: are they really your friends?
people are like pokemon
there are an unreasonable number of them
Biggest faggot in this thread
they still just randomly leave
E relationships in a nutshell and why you shouldn't bother with them. 
Keep it simple, keep it real
I prayed so hard to god to turn me straight
I prayed so hard to god to turn me straight
why though?
so i can die face down in kerri lake
because the bible said I would go to hell for being a faggot
But also because I wanted to be like everyone else
Why do you keep falling for this?
Why don't you give months worth of your attention to real gay guys who live next to you?
thank you anon, have a good Eid as well : )
Maybe there are no real gay guys who live next to him
The bible says many things, anon. The path of salvation is narrow according to it, meaning that most people would go to hell for a myriad of other reasons. It's a book that disguises itself as the holy truth, but it contains a lot of hatred inside. 
Do you really believe that whatever created the swirls of spinning galaxies, it cares about you loving men so much to the point of dooming you to eternal torture for doing it?
I'm the only one-
You're not. He's not. I bet there are other gays where he lives. Gays older, younger, and the same age as he is. All he needs to do is look for them
well, where do you stand now?
remember it's not a sin to have that attraction, but to indulge in it.
your will is stronger than any temptation or urge.
Protip: fuckyou
he did not answer my prayers. 
your will is stronger than any temptation or urge
It's not my will that prevents me from doing it, but my fears. If I had a stronger will I would have done it by now.
Do you think that you loving another man is a sin?
my faith dwindled as the years went by
we'll have some afflictions. Paul also prayed thrice for the thorn in his flesh.
fears? how so?
in a romantic/sexual meaning of love, yes.
any reason particularly?
do you wish to rekindle it?
Protips?... We're bringing... back... PROOOOOTIIIIIIIIIIPS?!
fear of talking to strangers, which is really a hindrance when everyone is a stranger. I don't fear divine punishment anymore, nor do I care for Paul. He's the one who authored the condemnations for gays in the new testament. He can suck satan's cock for all I care
Hoooooooly shit I don't fucking care
convince me not to build another computer (sans the new GPU I got for Christmas) and waste some the money I have to neet off of because I don't know if my current computer can handle jedi survivor.
Caring is sussy cringe nigga fr fr nocap
Pirate jedi survivor and use that to test the performance
Even the greatest philosophers can't solve this one. Friends who aren't your friend?
It's just nice to talk to someone with similar interests. Even if you're a normalfag it's nice to talk to someone outside of your real life peers.
Because I don't want to? The only trick I fell for was thinking if someone kept in contact for longer than a week they wouldn't suddenly go silent.
Anyways all I wanted to say is check in with your friends sometime. It only takes a minute. Faggots.
yes
Isn't it sad how you view this part of yourself, your love for other men, as something evil, on par with theft and murder, that should be fought against and repressed?
we are frens and want to be frendly. whaddya say anony.. join us? the door's open.
g3h6MGK3yb
huh, did you misunderstand me? i said your will is stronger than the desire for it, with resisting doing so to be the end goal.
It's just nice to talk to someone with similar interests
I bet. But do you really have to try dating them? 
Can't you keep talking to them online as well as trying dating irl? 
You may even say that you don't talk to them with dating in mind, but don't be fooled. The line is blurry and you know it. Every ounce of attention you give to these anonymous strangers is one bit less that you give to the real boys you should be flirting with
tf2 cast is so sex I swear
Because I don't want to?
I think you want a bf, and that's enough wanting
I understood that perfectly, I think you're the one who got it wrong. 
I said that I don't want to resist the urge anymore, I'd rather indulge in it. I've slain the faith I was born into long ago, and cast it away. I no longer have a will to resist it. What stops me isn't faith driven willpower, but fear of talking to strangers.
yeah because you're probably fucking boring, annoying, or schizo. or all three! if people go quiet randomly without saying anything then they either weren't looking for a long lasting friendship, real life caught up to them, or they just don't fucking like you. i've had a really small group of online friends (not the discord just posted) that's cycled through more than a handful of people every few years but the same main 3 are always there. the ones that did leave either had college/university, got irl relationships and never hang out online in general, or had some sort of drama/falling out for one reason or another. it's not hard to maintain an online friendship you just have to actually be engaging as a person otherwise, yeah. it is incredibly pointless logging on for someone who has very little to offer conversationally
Ghosting people is always a shitty move
But
What on earth did you expect from an anonymous stranger you met in here? 
He's to blame for wanting it to be something more than what it was: two anonymous ghosts screaming in the void.
dance monkey dance for friends
people are awful and im fine being alone if this is what im missing
You're awful and that's why you are alone
the man with the stick gets mad when monkey doesnt dance
any reason in particular
Grew tired of hating myself
do you wish to rekindle
the opposite. I wish I could turn back in time and undo the damage that it caused on me. I wish I could tell my younger self to leave religion and never come back
I'm so thirsty for spec ops men specially if they have a mask (Ghost, Konig, Vigil etc) or balaclavas. irl same thing. anyone else into that as well or am I alone on this one ?
usually I like seeing the face, it's my favorite part of a man. 
I guess it feels different when you're not in good terms with your sexuality
ghosting people is always a shitty move
not if the person being ghosted is excruciatingly annoying or creepy, that being said i think another good point to make is that yeah. you likely are not going to find friends off 4chan, or at least this board. most of the people i met online was through video games, and then we'd play together and just talk more in general and end up with sharing interests and then doing other stuff together outside of the game. that's quite literally how easy it is.
if you have this mindset thinking it's one-sided i'm glad you're alone. and that's okay! not everyone has the emotional maturity for platonic relationships, you'll be better off alone in the long run.
The line is blurry and you know it
No. I do not have any idea what you're talking about. I have never tried or wanted to date someone online, ever.
I didn't even mention dating
Your post is saying two different things
You sound very defensive over someone saying online friendships are bullshit. 
I'm glad you have some online friends, I guess that's better than nothing, but it really pales in comparison with real life friendships
If you're going to use people for entertainment then you could have the human decency to tell them why you won't talk to them anymore. That would be actual maturity instead of hollow and anonymous platitudes
I have never tried or wanted to date someone online, ever.
The only reason why you try so hard to keep up the contact with boys you meet here is because you dream of making a bf out of one. 
And that's a silly move
Thank you Anonymous for the one autistic poster. heart
i wish i came out of the closet earlier desu. now i'm old and fat
Let's say that the seemingly impossible happened and you found a boy and fell in love with him, and the feelings were mutual and you were at a crossroads to become boyfriends
Would you give up on him because of your creed?
I am though, but there's something about having just their eyes in sight making them the focal point. I feel like being stared into my soul idk maybe I'm dumb
bad goy. have sex with a female and create more children to die for the chosen people.
I'm not one to kink shame. I think you should try to make this fantasy a reality as soon as possible by having sex with closeted discreet married men who will gladly put on a mask
Your post is saying two different things
yeah i can kind of see that. people can ghost for random reasons, sure. but if you find it happening to yourself really often, maybe try to see why/where it went wrong? 
You sound very defensive over someone saying online friendships are bullshit. 
sorry you read my tone that way but in no way am i defensive, i'm just sharing that just because online friendships CAN be this ephemeral thing that can just disappear without a trace it's very rare for it to happen if you meet the right people with the right intentions
but it really pales in comparison with real life friendships
kind of, i've met a few of them in real life now on two occasions. it was pretty fun! it's largely distance that makes it hard for it to be a regular thing.
it is objectively without a shadow of a doubt a completely bad faith take to assume that every relationship online, even offline for that matter, are purely for the sake of entertainment. this is what i mean about you lacking emotional maturity, you assume they're all a one-sided exchange.
meant to get this guy ( >>73030728 ) in the replies to that, sorry
coming out is a meme, no one cares
tfw it's restless legs time again because I've sat on my ass 12 hours straight.
just because online friendships CAN be this ephemeral thing that can just disappear without a trace it's very rare for it to happen
LoL you're definitely defensive
And being ghosted online isn't rare, it's the norm actually
If you meet the right person
Anonymously
Yeah nothing as easy and trivial as meeting "the right one" right? 
So defensive
I didn't mean to disappear okay
God fucking damn it I'm not like this on purpose I'm sorry
i meant coming out to myself. maybe accepting myself is a better word.
i've met a few of them in real life now on two occasions
That's the thing, anon. Real friends aren't people you met once or twice. They're people you've met so many times you lose count. 
It was pretty fun
Like I said, online "relationships" pale in comparison
Said the closeted gay. 
A lot of people care, anon. For good or ill. But most importantly, coming out means you're no longer hiding behind a lie, and that has the power to change your life. 
Guess you're not there yet. No wonder you're the guy making blog posts trying to defend anonymous "friendships"
Yes yes we're all so fucking happy and we have so many people we get to see can we all just shut up now
Noooo, I wouldn't do that. I don't want to ruin another person's relationships and lives. 
And closeted can be a double edge sword so dunno as well.
Just need to get a bf one day and tell him to wear a balaclava and airsoft gear lol once
And being ghosted online isn't rare, it's the norm actually
i mean, here? yeah. i can't speak for the rest of 4chan, though i assume stuff like /soc/ is probably similar. but ghosting online isn't the norm outside of 4chan.
Yeah nothing as easy and trivial as meeting "the right one" right? 
this is kind of what i was getting at, going through the people of this specific thread trying to find a lasting friendship is pretty difficult to do. that's why i'm saying it's much easier through other methods i.e talking to people who play the same video game as you. which is probably easier if the games you enjoy are multiplayer or have a communal aspect to them already. you can still get ghosted but it's less likely to happen through that, rather than here where people will actually just drop you after not replying quick enough or because they're so Le BPD Autismo that they shriek and block people for no reason, like the other anon said
Like I said, online "relationships" pale in comparison
sure? i think it also just depends on your personality, if you're a super extroverted person who needs to go out every weekend to have fun obviously a real life interaction is going to be the preferred thing but if you don't go out often i don't think it's any less fulfilling?
Said the closeted gay. 
not closeted, out to my friends and family. i just always found it pointless, i always said i'd come out when i got a bf and then as i got older i just decided i didn't care. it didn't change anything, which is lucky i guess, but also again changed literally nothing.
I think you should stop engaging with people who want you to whore yourself out
The fact that some homos unironically think like this and are willing to sacrifice their happiness and their innermost truths for hebrew mythology fills me with sadness
Holy fucking shit we could have moved on from huenigger by now if you wouldn't feed him
Instead engage with people who want you to be lonely forever, people who will get angry if you so much as mention you have someone in your life. So much better
plate shitting plate shitting!!!
Just need to get a bf one day
Are you doing anything to get one?
Shitposting anonymously doesn't count
Do you do anything other than being a smug obnoxious twat?
ghosting online isn't the norm outside of 4chan.
It's the double D: defensive and delusional
ooooo nee ner nee ner the thread sucks and you have nowhere else to go it's so funny
How about I tear your fucking jaw from your skull
I won't whore myself don't worry that's not who I am.
Not atm, I will try to make more friends at uni when I get back but honestly I kind of have trouble falling in love but I'm not in a hurry I'm young and I'm sure eventually I'll like someone
if you don't go out often i don't think it's any less fulfilling?
A friend that have met twice? Sounds pretty unfulfilling.
no i like engaging with the commonfolk if it's interesting enough, this is why plate shitting happens!!!!
delusional
this is how you end up losing steam hueniggie now you just look crazy that anon kind of btfo'd you with it
waaa m-my only refuge from the internet is being overtaken
SO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT YOU STUPID FUCKING FAGGOT THIS IS WHAT I WAS SAYING YESTERDAY
narcissistic cunts that try to take on all of the bad traits of women too never met a nice one
can't do anything about mods not enforcing the rules, avatarfagging has been out of control on the entire board all year so far, it's like they completely gave up
just dooooooo it bro just beeeeeeeeeeeeeeee yourself
How about instead of that I break your fucking teeth with a hammer
out to my friends
Real friends or online "friends"? 
Pointless
I guess, for a literal lonely celibate without any dating experience whatsoever? 
The thing is, finding a bf as a closeted gay will be even harder. 
Coming to terms with who you are and telling the truth to yourself and those who care about you is never pointless 
Changed nothing
Perhaps because you keep hiding in your room and never even had a single date? What did you expect? The government would give you a state mandated bf?
i jacked off not thinking about it
Fuck.... I just betrayed my promise to Hitler...
Danzai Imagefag is 100% Correct, why do you guys just whine about this shit incessantly? You guys hate huenigger and beg people to not reply to him but then don't keep a single topic or anything else rolling. The most engaging thing was that guy saying he hates online friendships, then hue replied and you guys let him steamroll you.
All I fucking ask for is one place I can exchange words with other people without panicking, you think you're making my chances any better by trampling all over that huecunt?
Not atm
Or ever? 
I will try
How many times you said that before? I wish you would start trying now, today anon. 
There's no need to hurry and your optimism is inspiring, but your presence here at a young age is alarming. 
Storyanon was once your age too. And he even went to college
hue has an enormous volume of toxic antagonistic posts therefore he has the rights to the thread
I'll just dump all my fucking trash in your porch and tell you to move out of your house, then
uhhhhh I'm bored with the thread so it's okay if someone shits it up
Normalnigger narcissism at its finest
why do you guys just whine about this shit incessantly?
Anon are you stupid? Where do you think we are? People which come to r9k and then complain about people complaining are very silly. The whole board is just people whining and being gay. That's been the MO for about a decade now.
bad thing happen
why complain?
woag......
Hey, babe, look at me not him. Okay? You're safe. Look at me, we're okay. I'm right here.
mods not enforcing the rules
jannies* newfriend. anyways, there was a pretty dedicated jannie here years ago who would delete all the furshit but let silmaryl post freely (he was an imagefag in case you also didn't know that), either way it's not like avatarfagging alone is what kills the threads. they were arguably even more active with tripfags, something WAY more hated.
never told you to #BeYourself i'm saying if you're pissed your online safe space isn't up to par then do something about it. like look at what this faggot said:
without panicking
if you panic at a 4chan thread you should just kill yourself so if you're on the same boat as this poor bastard you should also consider that
All I'm asking for is a safe space
You really chose it poorly, to make such a chaotic environment your safe space. There's nothing safe about an anonymous non moderated board where anyone can say anything. 
you think you're making my chances any better by trampling all over that
You think that talking to the incels here is going to improve your chances of finding a bf, ever? 
You're running away from this panick, but instead you should embrace it.
oh lol you're struggling just kill yourself then
I don't think this guy is a robot
Great fucking thread
This place was fucking fine before you ruined it, actually
um actually you don't get to be comfortable or have nice things ever you need to constantly be forcibly exposed to things that stress you out and make you hate your life
I totally have your best interests at heart though
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
This place wasn't fine, ever. 
You can't ruin garbage, anon
The thing in question being a completely avoidable reality. You hate the Brazilian. Don't reply. People reply to the Brazilian? Change the topic. Imagefag posts? Ignore him. Someone replies? Change the topic. There's more than one of you posting, just immediately talk about random shit after the Brazilian is very obviously replying to someone. That's the problem, you guys see a very obvious hue-post and immediately throw your head in the sand.
Just because you didn't fucking like it doesn't give you the right to do this
You could have fucking stayed somewhere you didn't think was garbage
But no, you have the sole fucking right to decide these things
Nothing is fucking okay, and I don't know what game you're playing but get the part where you turn on me over with
you need to constantly be forcibly exposed to things that stress you out
The problem is that you never exposed yourself to such things, anon. You're running away from them, constantly. 
How many dates have you been to? That's right. 0. 
You running away is precisely the problem. It's all you do. You never face these stressful situations. All you do is run. And this is your bane
If I can't handle the real world that's none of your fucking business, don't dress this up like you give a shit when you are observably making everything worse
if words on a screen send shivers down your spine and make you shake and cry then you have something deeply wrong with you that only a heavy dose of medications or death can solve, what's your solution then since you're a true robot? note that if you don't reply because i'm a non-robot you are conceding to me and are in fact a part of the problem. thanks!
I do have friends okay, they just are in my home country, and its hard to make new ones since I am very anxious about social stuff and OCD doesn't help, I do have a friend I attend uni with who is from my highschool and I had some friendly group to do uni stuff but since I took the year to work I probably won't see them. My best chance is being friends with the flatmates I'm sharing house next year is hard but I will do my best, I've been thinking about it a lot and when I get in my head I really need to do something I do it.
If I can't handle the real world
That's the thing: you can. You have it in you. The power, the strength to overcome your social anxiety and face reality. 
You're just a coward coming to cowardice central to bitch and moan, but I believe in you anon. I believe in your potential. You can do better than that.
I don't have anything because I'm a fucking shell of a person
Inb4 that's the point
So? That means I deserve to be fucking kicked around by malevolent scum like hue?
HEY RETARD(S) YOU ARE REPLYING TO A BRAZILNIGGER POST, IF YOU ENGAGE FURTHER YOU ARE PROVING YOURSELF AS A SUB-HUMAN APE THAT HAS TO PROVE THEMSELVES RIGHT CONSTANTLY. NO ONE KNOWS WHO YOU ARE, YOU ARE ANONYMOUS. YOUR EGO IS INTACT. WHAT DID YOU HAVE FOR LUNCH TODAY?
fucking hate all of you idiots
stop replying to hue and the dazainigger before i wake up thanks
alright 
let me start spitting some rhymes here
he gonna 
limp
on my 
bizkit 
and that shit had me rollin'
he gonna
linkin 
on my 
park
and that shit gave me a papercut
You both make me proud to be alive and even prouder to be a homo. I can only dream of the day when people with superior intelligence like yourselves are elected Presidents and Prime Ministers.
uhh shit
he gonna warren
on my 
zevon
and that shit made me enjoy every sandwich
you have something deeply wrong with you
Wow anon do you have a fucking psychology degree or something?
if you are of a frail constitution, have a severe receding hairline and like to wear a moustache hmu
That means I deserve to be fucking kicked around by malevolent scum like hue?
If you can reply to me you can manage to make a post on the thread that has nothing to do with the Brazilian. You 100% deserve it if you can't bring yourself to, since that's admitting you don't care enough and in turn DO deserve to have this place taken away from you.
a fucking psychology degree or something?
might as well at this point anony.
im going to shit in your dream plate
hahaha nigga how is getting bullied by hue even real nigga just turn off the screen
you have to admit it's a bit embarrassing that this worked
Yes no fucking shit I'm a sub human why do you think I'm here, maybe I do have a pathological need to defend myself in a world that doesn't care enough to even ask me to do that, maybe I do just want to be seen even if it's through the veil of anonymity because that's the only way I can fucking take it, I know I should shut the fucking screen off or force myself to ignore it but I'm weak, why can't there just be a place where that's okay?
I fucking hate this normalfag idea that if you aren't succeeding it's because you aren't trying and don't care and then deserve to suffer, it's fucking bullshit that can only come from the delusional mind if someone that's never had to reach for anything in their lives
Jesus christ that fucking metaphor really pissed you off didn't it
NO ONE OUTSIDE OF THIS THREAD KNOWS YOU EXIST, YOU COULD SEND ANOTHER MESSAGE RIGHT NOW SAYING YOU ATE HAD CEREAL THIS MORNING WITH NO MILK BECAUSE YOU RAN OUT AND NO ONE WOULD KNOW IT WAS YOU. YOU WANT TO BE SEEN? NAMEFAG. TRIPFAG. AVATARFAG. YOU CAN DO THOSE THINGS. THIS PLACE IS NOT A PLACE YOU CAN REPLY TO SHITTERS WITHOUT BEING PUBLICLY SHAMED FOR IT. FIND A DIFFERENT THREAD. IM GRABBING THIS ONE BY THE BALLS.
KILL YOURSELF
You know I exist and that's fucking good enough for me, okay? I exist in this fleeting moment of time and it is going to vanish and that makes me happy. But I'm fucking here and you will see me.
turned out that i messed up escaping a single color code and that was what was fucking up my terminal along
now that i fixed that my life is empty, i have nothing to do. :(.
quite the opposite anony! it's really good for branding. i can keep making plate shitting references and in 3 months when there's a brand new set of people here they'll ask why someone keeps mentioning shitting on plates and they'll tell the tale. this moment forever canonized in r9gay history, veterans saying they remember the interaction like it was just yesterday. it's manufactured history, baby
i dont know what any of this means, is it like coding? tell me more please...
Kind of pathetic to react this way in lieu of a refutation of the point
i don't even remember to wash my balls so i'm not sure why you want me to remember a plate
next year
Next year? Dude. You can make friends now, you don't need to wait a whole year to start trying. That's some bullshit excuse. 
Same thing goes for dating. 
Just do it, bro
smug anime character
Why do avatar fags always choose some smug anime character. The world is your oyster when it comes to avatars and you choose some smug anime character? Thats what you want to represent you? Choose something cooler.
sorry what should i say? GRRR yeah you fuckin got me there anon!! don't ever say that stupid plate shit to me ever again! die!
what would you suggest as a proper avatar to fag as?
that's the only way I can fucking take it
What is it about you that makes you so afraid of being seen outside anonymity? What are you so ashamed/scared of? 
Is it because you're gay?
How about something like "yeah, you have a point, a dead thread isn't an excuse to come be a dick to everyone"
suggest as a proper avatar to fag as?
I don't know. Just anything that is cooler than some smug anime ownage image. .You have to have some other interests than anime, right anony? Just choose one of those. I just want more diversity in my attention whores.
I take everything literally and have no sense of metaphor
No wonder your life is so fucking dull that your biggest hobby is being mean to people on the internet
i was messing with the colors displayed in the prompt string that appears when you open up a terminal. the colors of the prompt can be changed using ANSI escape codes in a configuration file. i was using the escape sequences by themselves and was getting an issue where long commands in the terminal would cause the cursor to go back to the beginning of the same line instead of starting a new one. then i read that you need to escape the escape codes in order for the cursor to keep track of it's own position, so i did that, was kind of hard to look at because it's a lot of \'s and ['s and ]'s to keep track of in the middle of all the other stuff you want the prompt to print. still wasn't working, turned out that i missed a ] at the end of just one of the color codes which was causing the problems. stupid and elementary but i'm retarded ofc so that doesn't help much...
if the thread is dead then truly what harm does a bit of shitty pellets make? 
I don't know.
THEN SHUDDUP. no alternative? no complainy. that's the company motto now.
It was a metaphor! 
Was it really, anon? Or was it the truth about you?
That you have this need to defend yourself from criticism, even anonymously, why can't you do that irl?
Why would you call yourself subhuman?
I'm in my home country working soo yeah not getting a bf here just to ditch by the end of the year it needs to be there not here
Holy fucking shit a metaphor can still be truthful
Is this really the greatest mind Brazil had to offer
I gave you an alternative dummy. Which was one of your other interests other than anime. I can't really suggest more than that because I don't know your interests faggot.
open thread
retards arguing with huenigger
close thread
thread stays dead
the other thread should've been the successor
I'm in my home country
Didn't you say exactly "my friends are in my home country" meaning that you're either not there, or that you're close to your friends?
Is there something you're not telling us?
Not getting a bf because of [excuse]
I can only wonder how many excuses you've given yourself throughout the years.
you're missing the key point where rather than close the thread you should slam your dick down on the table with something you actually want to be spoken about! that's what i did, it just wasn't your preferred type of table slamming. you thought my contributions were poop plate. i don't see people fighting huehuey right now though.. hmm.. a passing thought.
Which was one of your other interests other than anime.
i dont even like anime or have ever seen the anime with danzai in it i just liked his design while looking through stuff to avatar as. i do kind of like this little green-blonde fag from a more contemporary anime that will likely have way more art and photos than danzai
a metaphor can still be truthful
Lmao so why don't you explain why you feel like it instead of dismissing the question because it was "just a metaphor"? It was just a metaphor but now it's true? Dude, make up your mind, and tell us more about your low self esteem while you're at it. 
Cyclically trying to escape the confrontation of his own words, what a bitch
while looking through stuff to avatar as
Do virgin retards actually do that? Jesus Christ shit's so uncanny
Because I didn't fucking mean literally seen
I shouldn't have to spell out these basic fucking concepts to you
Is your native language just not developed enough for this sort of thing?
SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT THE FUCK UP SHUT UP HE'S NEVER GOING TO SEE YOUR POINT YOU ARE ARGUING WITH A WALL NO ONE FUCKING LIKES YOU OR THE BRAZILIAN STOP JUSTIFYING YOUR EXISTENCE TO SOMEONE WHO SITS BACK AND SMILES AFTER HE HITS REPLY. YOU ARE BEING USED, YOU ARE BEING EMOTIONALLY DRAINED. FOR NO REASON. YOU WILL NEVER WIN AGAINST HIM BECAUSE REPLYING IS AN IMMEDIATE CONCESSION. WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE TYPE OF HANDSOAP? FOAM? GEL? OR ARE YOU ONE OF THOSE FREAKS THAT KEEPS A WHOLE BAR NEXT TO YOUR SINK?
it has been 48 hours and my flipper has not shipped. bamboozled again
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I CAN'T FUCKING TAKE IT
WHAT AM I FIGHTING FOOOOOOOOOR
i like you whoever you are all caps anon
Yes and they are here, I was giving context as to why I can't do it since I am outside the uni country and am back home working and then going back.
Even with friends I didn't fall in love okay, its not an excuse it just didn't happen. I'm going to try to get more friends at uni and hope for the best as I said
i like the bar soap. i used to have a problem as a kid when i was like 7 where i became extremely OCD about washing my hands and i would go through an entire little bottle of handsoap in like a day. my mom started buying bar soap and that helped a little, but i would tear the thing up with my nails and as soon as the bar got thin it'd break into pieces. i was a weird kid.
YOU ARE FALLING FOR THE MOST LOW-BROW PSYCHOLOGICAL TRICKS IN THE BOOK THAT I'M SURE CHILDREN COULD NAVIGATE BETTER THAN YOU. STOP TRYING TO SWING YOUR POOR EXCUSE OF A DICK AROUND HIM "NOT DEVELOPED ENOUGH LANGUAGE" HE IS A THIRD WORLDER THAT LEARNED YOUR LANGUAGE THROUGH A TEXTBOOK AND HE'S CAPABLE OF BAITING YOU INTO A RESPONSE. YOU ARE THE SUBHUMAN.
SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!!!! SHUT UP!!!!!!!!! STOP REPLYING TO HIM!!!!!!!!
I didn't fucking mean literally seen
And I never implied you did. You said you can only take this exposure anonymously, that's the part I was interested in. What exactly stops you from seeking the same exposure and validation without anonymity, and what is exactly that you can't take? 
But you did have to go full retarded on semantics just because you're that desperate to read me
If his next reply is leading I'll stop don't worry
what's a flipper, like swimming? you like pools anony?
what is your favorite scent of soap, i am very childhood mind bonded to blackberry vanilla liquid handsoap
At some point you have to realize, even if you disagree with everything I say, replying to me is more engaging than replying to whatever you're doing.
My favorite type of soap was gel with the beads in it. Coconut or vanilla scented.
i like the way irish spring smells
FUCK YOU ANON I GET IT I KNOW I FUCKING KNOW OKAY I KNOW
FUCKING SHIT GOD DAMN IT I'M SORRY OKAY I'M SORRY
flipper zero the little hacking tool. its a playful little dolphin tamagotchi that likes to interact with wireless tech that wasnt intended to be played with
ive wanted a hackrf for a while but i might just go straight a a usrp
I don't know what you fucking want from me I just buy the first bottle of that gel hand soap I see in the store, I don't care about it it doesn't matter not of it matters I wish I could be one of those people who finds joy in small things and has a favourite type of soap but I'm not okay I just fucking am not there's nothing here
lmao you sound fucking exhausting
i made my OneeChan mascot that one famous picture of Baudelaire so now if i even think about replying to bait i can see him staring and judging me to be a better man
Yes no fucking shit that's why I'm here
I didn't fall in love okay
How exactly do you think that happens? Like in the movies? You think you're gonna stumble upon somebody someday, and you'll mutually fall in love? 
You have to put in more effort than that, anon. Please don't be childish. How many dates have you had so far?
0. 
You need to try things now, not next year. You need to stop making excuses. You need to get a dating life.
i've never had bead soaps, i usually don't like coconut scented things because it can get really plasticky to my nose. vanilla is always a good one
irish spring always just smells so clean, i know they make body washes and stuff now. do you have that?
woah, that sounds really cute actually i kind of want to look into it
Do you know why you are so joyless and grumpy? 
Lack of affection. Zero dating life. Too much loneliness. 
Lucky for you, unlike terminal cancer, all if those things can be fixed
if none of it matters why the hell are you still browsing then, why reply? this is what i never get about nihilists. just kill yourself if everything is such an exhausting waste
I would kill myself if it weren't for the fact that God literally will not let me die because he hates me
i like radios and lockpicking so it fits perfectly between my two interests 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipper_Zero
I am gay uwu
This is the type of meanness that I don't agree with. Never tell people struggling to kill themselves. Not nice. 
I don't think you should kill yourself, anon. But I also don't think that god exists. The conclusion you should derive from all of this is that you should have gay sex and find a bf, in that order
monarchism > fascism > communism
i want to look into ai image generators but midjourney is gross because every entry you put into it is publicized. stable diffusion is just ugly, and dall-e is good but only for super realistic things. where's the cute anime bf generator at??
global fucking genocide of everyone ever >>>>>>>> all that retarded bullshit
Me too. What a coincidence. What are the odds? 
What is your favourite part of being gay? 
What is your least favourite part?
When you get around to beginning the global genocide of everyone ever, can ya start with me? Thanks.
monarchism is good 
if you're a noble, sure it's great lmao. I bet you say that but you never see yourself as a peasant with no rights. Same for fascism
you think everyone should die? kill yourself now then, start contributing to the numbers. don't hide behind this false ideology. if you're really about it, you'd die sooner than later.
I swear you kinda sound like a friend of mine speaking lol and he's Brazilian too. Anyway not the point. I never really had gay friends since conservative country and the ones that are don't particularly show so its kinda hard and I don't want to use apps cause that's just a quick fuck.
And no I will not do this year, I plan on leaving my home country it'd be really dumb trying to get someone here, that would lead to a terrible distant relationship and I don't want that, its not an excuse no matter how you look at it, its just the logic decision. That's why I keep saying next year since that's when I'm actually abroad.
if you're really about it
Take a guess
isn't there like a relatively stable chinese one? i think the results are really silly all the time because they look copy pasted but there IS an anime one
One of these days I'll have the strength to tie the fucking rope, there is nothing god can do to me that is worse than this, I am in hell and you are all my personal demons
Fascism is when no rights ever.
I don't really see myself as a peasant, really. My parents are both doctors and send me cash monthly.
Wait and a good version will get released
The sex 
That its all going to be ogre one day when im old and withered
YOU ARE REPLYING TO HUENIGGER, THERE IS NO POINT. NO POINT YOU TRY TO MAKE IS GOOD ENOUGH, YOU WILL NEVER BE CORRECT AS LONG AS YOU ARE REPLYING TO HIM. SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT UP. LITERALLY STOP REPLYING. I WILL LOOK INTO THE OCCULT AND PERSONALLY PUT A CURSE ON YOU THAT MAKES YOUR LIFE A MISERY EVERY TIME YOU RESPOND TO HIM. SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP.
THE SUN IS SETTING, IT'S GOING TO BE DARK SOON HERE ON THE EAST COAST. WHAT ARE YOUR FAVORITE INDOORS NIGHT TIME ACTIVITIES? I MIGHT GO LISTEN TO MUSIC MYSELF
it'd be cool if i could rouse some kind of chickenshit anger anymore like some of you guys, but lately these years i've been so tired. feels like i'm just waiting to die of natural causes
nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run nowhere to turn nowhere to run
I never really had gay friends since conservative country and the ones that are don't particularly show so its kinda hard
Apps could solve that problem
Don't want to use apps
Bummer. The apps are whatever you make of them. If all you can find is casual sex, what does that say about you? 
You can use the apps for friendships and relationships, all you need to do is filter through people. 
Alternatively you can keep being a lonely celibate without any dating experience whatsoever 
Won't do it this year
Imagine postponing your life one whole year. Jesus Christ anon, what's up with the excuses? 
It's not an excuse
Yes it is. A terrible excuse by tbe way 
I'll keep being a lonely celibate for one more year because
Just stop right there. Full stop. 
Have you even considered the possibility of finding a good friend there and even if you move away, it will be a good memory to be fond of? Smile because it happened.
Don't die a virgin. Have sex before. Maybe you won't feel like dying after having sex
I'd love to shoot myself in the middle of a crowded street but I know they'd all just laugh and cheer because it's the outcome they've been working towards
Okay I'm stopping. Going to sleep anyway, please don't stress out watch some cute cat videos or something
doctors were never considered to be a part of nobility, you need land and social status and some relation to the local monarch. no one would give a fuck about you getting money.
Doctors are working class, dummy. You're not a millionaire or son to a magnate, are you? So you wouldn't be anywhere near nobility in a monarchy, dumbass. 
Be uneducated and dumb
Have dumb political opinions
Who could have guessed it
Oh, so you don't actually want to die you just want to be a spectacle? Attention? Hahahaahahahaha, what? Do you hear yourself? Grow up kid.
doctors a re solidly middle class (merchant class) they facilitate good and services which benefit the wealthy and thus they re entitled to a slightly better lifestyle
That its all going to be ogre one day when im old and withered
Well it's gonna be like that for everyone, anon. It's a calming thought, isn't it? We're in this together. 
My favorite part of being gay is the men. I really love men. 
The least favourite is not being able to breed with them. That sucks. I'll never forgive the gods for playing such stupid joke with us. 
But I really love rainbows and we appropriating them was the best thing the community has ever done
i have no stake in this but seeing someone say they want the monarchy back because they watched game of thrones and think that because their parents are "rich" doctors they wouldn't be considered lower class... your parents are the doctors. not you. you are a leech as it stands both in this society and in a monarchy. maybe if you were also a doctor?
what is vore like
i would imagine very filling! hehe!
uhmmm don't you know that in monarchism you'd be a peasant?!?!?!
Uh yeah just like now. Same thing under any communist system. I'd be a peasant. At least fascism gives you a feeling that you are working towards something greater than yourself.
as soon as the hardware store opens tomorrow I'm going to go and buy a length of rope, I'll tear a big fucking hole in my celling until I find a support beam and that'll be it
look up "Johnny Test But Every Whipcrack Bass Boosts the Video by 1 decibel" and then go to the 4:58 mark
u know that wasn't real communism
You don't have to stop replying to me just because there's an autist throwing a tantrum thinking he owns the thread. 
I'll try my best to convince you to lose your inhibitions and activate your dead dating life like giving cpr to a dying man
Real demoralization hours. Oh wait. That's every hour on this shitheap of a website.
how does fascism do that if you actually aren't? you need a government system to trick you into being productive? isn't that more of a character flaw you should personally tackle rather than expose everyone in a governance to it?
so what kind of mental illnesses do u gays have?
just like now
You literally can vote, have access to public services, you can even engage politically and protest against the current order. You can ascend socially and climb the class hierarchy with a combination of luck and work. 
None of that would be tbe reality in a monarchic regime. 
Please educate yourself so you won't look so damn stupid
the one where you dont make deep connections with other humans
animals seem to like me tho
At least fascism gives you a feeling that you are working towards something greater than yourself.
Like eradicating all degenerates (you) from civil society?
I don't know and I'm not going to know because I'm not going to live long enough to get to the end of the waiting list for a psych
OH HO HO I DO OWN THIS THREAD NOW HUENIGGER. SLOWLY I WILL WHITTLE THE BRAINS OF THOSE WHO FIGHT YOU. I WILL REPLY TO MYSELF TWICE BEFORE I EVER SEE SOMEONE REPLY TO YOU AGAIN.
none of you are good
you all suck
it's not like fascism is synonymous with conservative anti-gay nazis, there can just be a gay dictator. you sound stupid.
congrats on figuring it all out anon
Not only do I suck, I blow
it's not like fascism is synonymous with conservative anti-gay
Please enlighten me on the fascist regimes that have existed in the real world and what was their treatment of gays and other minorities 
Literally a persecuted minority
"We should have fascism!"
Self preservation is not your strong suit, I suppose. Too much suicidal ideation lead to this
In this paper we explore novel geometries of sub-GHz planar reflector arrays to find a bf
yfw the study concludes that hiding in your room is the worst way to find a bf
if i could just implant some sort of transponder on every cute boy within a certain radius
tfw no bf to explore the geometries of my pp
why am i not a twink
That's what dating apps are for, silly
the network architecture is all wrong to find love
You spent your twink days too busy being a lonely celibate and now you're all bitter and alone. 
What lesson should you learn from this?
please anon
we're almost over it
countries that have sprouted up facism do it because conservativism is done on the basis of fear, so yes obviously there's going to be a lot of anti-*anything* policies that spring up because minorities are the easiest target. but i am saying that fascism as an ideology at a base level does not make it so every fascist HAS to also be a conservative anti-gay dictator. it can be a pro-gay one. it's all hypothetical. never said we SHOULD have it because dictators ARE bad but intellectually it is very wrong to say fascism is immediately equivalent to nazis it's just a very known historical example that is easily able to be pointed to
The network architecture is whatever you make of it. You are the owner of your fate, you just don't act like it.
this is the part of the thread where i cleverly segue the convo into a multidisciplinary discussion about wireless network technologies and their impact on our lives. tdma is best for love
ew why do we have nazis here
What lesson should you learn from this?
that others should suffer as I have suffered
muh nazis 4chin! none of these people in this specific thread are ever going to be actual real life nazis. they are gay. gay people do not win within nazism. if they do? they will be killed! simple as that. sorry bout it babes!
are you mocking me for saying nazis are ew? i think they should be banned like germany does.
but i am saying that fascism as an ideology at a base level does not make it so every fascist HAS to also be a conservative anti-gay
Only the majority of them, lmao. 
Maybe you should be alone indeed
No, that's the opposite of what you should learn, anon. Bad anon, very bad anon. 
You should learn that you shouldn't waste one more second of your life being single and virgin
Only the majority of them, lmao.
yup, there you go. you got it. that's all i was saying. imagine if you didn't need things spelled out for you
not all fascists are homophobic
Only the vast majority of them! 
I wish you would join a neo fascist group and then come out to them so you could taste their reaction
It would be the only working remedy for your stupidity
dude just go from low class peasant to high class 
Do you not understand how scuffed class mobility here is in the US? People who are born rich stay rich and people who are born poor usually stay poor. 
protest against the current order
That doesn't do shit lol. 
vote
still means nothing especially if you come from an Area which is heavily blue or red. Your vote might as well be pissed away because it doesn't do anything. 
For the most part they should. There is no reason not to be pro eradicating degenerates from civil society. Also how would they know? they are not omnipotent. They cannot peer inside my mind and know I'm a fag.
you're still doing that thing. never said i was a fascist. i said fascism was bad. please stop making everything into a crusade. no one knows who you are, no one is serious. you aren't doing material change. hate it? go rally somewhere irl.
Do you not understand how scuffed class mobility here is in the US?
More scuffed then it was for medieval monarchies? 
Do you think that reinstalling monarchy would improve social inequalities?
Your stupidity is not worth engaging with. Have a good night
you're gonna stay on my dick until you die, you serve no purpose in life.
So then what exactly would your life look like in that system? You can't have a boyfriend, you likely wouldn't be able to live with another man because it'd be glaringly obvious to anyone in your neighborhood. Moreover, where would degeneracy stop and start? This website would likely be considered degeneracy, as would all forms of social media. Your meme? Wouldn't exist. It's making fun of politicians. This website would be seen as Hedonist Haven. Practice what you preach, log off. Deprive yourself if that's what you want.
There is no reason not to be pro eradicating degenerates from civil society
If you really believe that, why don't you put your words to practice and cull yourself out society, permanently? Eradicate yourself or you're just a cheap hypocrite without any substance
No. That's not what I'm saying but this whole song and dance of saying that monarchism is some unique big bad is goofy.
never said i was a fascist. i said fascism was bad.
No you're just dying on the hill to prove that fascism isn't 100% anti gay, just 99,998% anti gay, so you can appease the inner /poltard/ inside you that it's actually okay to be a faggot fascist. 
You're too disingenuous to admit, though.
i just had ice cream
It is bad. It means even more injustice and inequality and concentration of power than now. 
You're only vouching for it for the same reason why you say degenerates should be eradicated even though you are one
Ignorance coupled with retardation and self hatred
Neapolitan?
you are a deeply insecure person that clearly craves control and the feeling of winning. to prop up imaginary arguments that you can easily dismantle because you've set the rules for them and speak for the opposing side so you can always win, it is painfully obvious your childhood was filled with bullying and likely neglect from your parents. i hope you heal.
yes it was that
Thats a long winded way of saying kill yourself of course I won't because I'm white. Can't let these Aryan genes go to waste. 
you can't have a boyfreind
Nothings changed
This website would likely be considered degeneracy 
Uh yeah its contains pornographic material. Of course imageboards could still very well exist
as would all forms of social media
No they wouldn't. Sure pornographic content would be banned however you wouldn't be banned from using social media. That's silly. 
Your meme
Making fun of politicians from across the globe wouldn't be banned anon.
you are a deeply insecure person that clearly craves control and the feeling of winning
Anon, I'm just a person, nor a mirror. 
You're trying to ever so subtly vouch for fascism. As if that's not bad enough on its own, you're trying to say that fascism is actually gay friendly at the core. 
You're not being honest for one sentence during this whole argument. And what is your alternative? 
Curse my childhood, lmao.
Can't let these Aryan genes go to waste.
Literally a gay celibate
Who will tell him?
Plan is to have kids with a woman which I do not love in the slightest yet i will pretend to.
Why wouldn't the other things happen? Of course social media is degenerate. It also holds attention whoring and narcissism at it's core. Anonymous message boards would maybe exist, but then if that's the case they'd be highly limited. In the case of you not getting a boyfriend, you'd likely be executed for not having a child with a woman or being in a traditional family structure. It's degenerate and against the traditionalist nature of a fascist regime to not uphold that
Can't even get a kiss from a guy 
Will somehow manage to score a wife 
oh she's delusional alright
you'd be executed for not having a child
what? Oh yeah all those Spaniards which were brutally murdered under franco for not having children.
Just the faggots like you
to be fair we do need breeders to pump out more kids to keep the economy going.
Franco was a DILF
but they wouldn't know dummy. Like I said they are not ominipotent. We do not live in 1984 where Ingsoc is everywhere
I hate the economy
Gays can breed too, silly.
why are alt females always so fat? like goths, emos, furries, weebs, etc
Who cares about women
Your closet is made of glass and everyone knows you're gay, they've been waiting for you to man up and come out your whole life
okay and now ur samefagging
Santiago Herrera, Richard Brown, and Shao Li
i saw toxic masculinity leveraged to try to guilt someone out of the closet today
it felt gross
IF YOU HATE GAY PEOPLE YOU ARE "HOMOPHOBIC"
Santiago Herrera, Richard Brown, and Shao Li
Fuck em
fascist gays deserve to be shamed
IF YOU BELIEVE IN FASCISM YOU ARE A FASCIST
Do you realize how stupid you woke retards sound
ban fascists from here
posadism bros where we at
maybe I'll shave all my hair off it annoys me
virgins should be illegal
Real severe mental illness hours.
I sentence you to fuck
that's actually every hour of every day for me it's really cool
you mean every hour
I don't fully jive with any version of fascism besides my own. 
Women? Rights taken away. No free speech of them. Banned from the internet too. Only purpose is to raise kids and have kids. 
Brown people? Banned. Get em outta here. Kick em all out. 
4chan? Completely unharmed. It will be the internet's little zoo to watch the monkeys. 
Architecture? It should all be forced to look like European villages and cities and such
Gay people? Not banned but shamed by society.
Trannies? banned. Get em outta here. 
Infrastructure? more trains and such. Trains are cool. 
Africa? colonized by Anglos and Germans and TND!!!!
South America? Completely colonized by Anglos and Germans. 
Asia? Allowed to stay for now. 
Space colonies? Uh hell yeah I want gundam but in real life. 
Me? King of an Island like Napoleon was with Elba. I would have a harem of cute boys. 
This should lay it out for you perfectly hue
Based on every point but only normalfag gays should be shamed
We get it, you're dumb and retarded
gays should be shamed
except for me, I deserve a free pass
so it's cheap hypocrite then?
I never understand why it's considered bad to dislike whore culture, at least for gays in America. You're either labelled a prude or as if you're somehow missing out on core part of being human. I get it, sex is important to a lot of people and I don't think you should stay a virgin your entire life and should definitely seek out a relationship sooner than later in life but. I'm not crazy right, it is gross how much gay sex is just a commodified reality? Straight sex isn't the same, granted that could be because it's the default and no one's batting an eye at it.
If you ever wondered why you don't have a bf or any friends >>73032693
This is why
Not reading all that shit but it's the Jews
gay people should just be put on an island where they can have their own little party. it wont be around that long anyways
very cool, very nice. remind me why you deserve to get your own island with a harem that everyone should ignore? what do you provide to this society that earns you those things? Napoleon led an army. He had accomplishments, likely more than you do when he was your age.
i like everyone trying to do their own political deep dive when it's just some guy doing the equivalent of like, building a pillow fort with all your toys and saying it's your own kingdom. it's not a real material thing guys it's just playing pretend, i could say my ideal version of fascism is the exact same thing except that specific anon is kept in a town square and medically kept alive while he's being tortured for as long as the science will allow.
You're either labelled a prude
That's a label that perfectly fits you, is it not? 
Whores are deeply shamed in our society. You pretending otherwise makes you sound detached and delusional. 
Alas, you should respect people's freedom to live their lives just like you want your freedom to live yours. That's not hard, is it? 
But you want to shame and discriminate whores. The irony? You're a fag. A degenerate worse than a whore in a the eyes of many. You don't have the moral high ground to shame anyone. You're just another hypocrite. 
And yes, you are missing out big time.
You talk about whores but you haven't even held hands before, lmao.
describes a utopian society
still hated
You just can't win with some people can you? 
I'm cool and I made the ideology so our glorious leader gave me an island. its a thank you gift for making the world a better place
it wont be around that long anyways
Someone is forgetting about the constant influx of new gays birthed by straight parents? 
How exactly do you think we exist in the first place?
I missed it so much as i played all the ones i wanted (almost)
i should do this. i know you said you arent a DS enjoyer but they can be jailbroken to get games 4 free
Starfy!
best game! i loved when mybfgot the game and he texted me about how he takes a nap when you go idle, he loved it 
similar to kirby.
yeah, thats my own closest thing to kirby as a kid
I beat all klonoa platformers
i never even really encountered these in a extended cultural sense 
I like gba games the most
thats a rabbit hole idk where to start with desu
I liked all marios for switch
i dont :( but mybfdoes, he likes odyssey and everything
but old are hard. 
lol trolled
Mario/warioland
i never played?
Not really a ds fan
you didnt play them as a kid?
spongebob games(not all), oddparents
in the realm of odd games like that, i had a POTC game for ds that i liked. i was a cartridge one 
sackboy
lbp? i fucking loved lbp, fav game as a kid, possibly. very iconic for me 
He is really cool!
the absolute best. hes mostly into music, are you a music head?
all main games
thats a lot!
literal baby games
perfect for you
I played it last year. Its great and fun and easy. 
has it ever been an online thing?
Crysis 4
i didnt even realize it was a franchise, maybe i should pick it up
Lol
too much?
Single player arcade type ones for me
never ever multiplayer?
river city girls
lol, looks like something mybf would play 
Desu. I think it's all the grinding and time. Leveling up and shit that makes me lose patience quickly. I hate choosing skills, buying potions an shit. 
yeah its too much pressure to do the right thing and not have sub optimal experience. i fucked up my botw build, i spent all my orbs on stamina and then never had enough hearts when i got to certain monsters. i never beat it and the second games out in a month
Gta
i just meant that its open and quest like but freeing
I don't really care about stories desu
i find that strange
Hey! Don't be a dick. Anonism is on the rise. One day patriots will be in control and those words will get you in trouble!
it's just playing pretend
That reveals the terrible things inside your head.
so fucking what scumbag it's fun
We should run away together, anon, we can be our own government
I forgot something. This guy and the other long text block guy are shot into the sun live on tv.
I'm not crazy right, it is gross how much gay sex is just a commodified reality?
You are crazy. It's not gross. Gay sex isn't commodified at all. It needs to be normalized way more than it currently is. What makes you even say our sex is commodified when it's actually repressed and shunned more than anything? 
Straight sex isn't the same, granted that could be because it's the default and no one's batting an eye at it.
You solve the puzzle yourself, and even so you still derive the homophobic, gay demonizing conclusion that there's wrong with our sex.
it's fun to pretend, yeah. it's not fun to try and deconstruct something. do you ever hear a kid say they want to build a spaceship to the moon and then push up your glasses and start telling them how it's super hard because they're not an engineer or technician
lol you made a lot of brainlets seethe with this one.
I've never read a political manifesto with which I have literally zero disagreements until just now
How easy is it to write chatbots for 4chan if we wanted to just auto-reply to hue with chatgpt. It's probably actually smarter than him
picrel: people who say
I've never read a political manifesto with which I have literally zero disagreements until just now
So you're asking that we treat retards in this thread like children?
Cry about it fucktard
no, I also don't tell them "ummmm you know this is just pretend, right"
It's always fun to see incels in this thread reveal their /pol/ influences. 
It's like the final missing puzzle piece that makes your loneliness suddenly make sense
Gah, anon, your words cut so cruel! Let them have their fantasies, after all without fantasies they have naught but despair!
its not very difficult
you could literally just copy paste messages with context into chatgpt and reply yourself but this would be very stupid and dumb because it's engaging with him. 
literally, yes. that is what i have been saying for days (2) now.
Retards won't get special treatment here, including you
i havent been keeping up with the screed but this thread is a-fucking-wash by my estimate
then push your glasses up and start telling him its super hard
no because I'm not allowed around children
your mother cured my loneliness last night but sucking dis dick oooooooo
Crazy how life is actually just better if you enjoy hurting people
Does your ideal fascist society also ban high res images?
fascist and a pedophile
He keeps digging his grave further
unfortunately I'm not mentally capable of being half as obnoxious
you don't think it's more special treatment to genuinely engage with stupidity to stroke your intellectualism rather than just baselessly humor it?
i'm sure you have the physiognomy to match
it's better when they roll with it and its fun for everyone involved!
sometimes I'm reminded of why you are alone and I'm like "oh, that's why"
Yes, High res images takes away soul. Its the same as taking showers. It washes away your vril and spirit. 
Serious talk the other avatar fag, Mr ventifag constantly posts a anime boy which looks like he is 10 and wants to fuck him. If you want to talk about pedophiles bring it up with the other guy.
actually I'm actually and constantly aware of my problems and you will either let me forget them or I'll drink until you can't stop my
going to get high for 4/20 i have le weeds bros
Responding to this fucking avatar retard is basically as bad as responding to hue
You're a traitor to your people and I hate you a lot
fascist, pedophile and doesn't shower
It keeps getting worse.
it's actually really quite offensive to autistic people to pretend to be this oblivious just to troll
they hate trannies lets fuckin goooooooooo
disagree = troll
Smartest liberal. How about you actually bring up points against my arguments instead of just namecalling.
chances are they hate being gay too, anon
Stoopid ass nigga!!! look at the posts I replied to had an avatar!!!!
pedophile 
troll
Like the other anon said. I described an UTOPIAN SOCIETY with NO DOWNSIDES and ONLY UPSIDES which is completely possible yet i am hated for some reason even doe you have no arguments :///
i accept you concessions!
I wasn't even talking about the with the troll post that's very rude of you to point the finger at me like this
And besides pedophiles should be shot not replied to on 4chan dot org slash are nine kay
wait
anon can we just be nice to each other I'm tired
Halo games i'll play next year. 
how come not right now?
So much of them
i mean kind of. but mainline is pretty thin. 1-5 +infinite + reach. i guess ODST too but idunno if thats what others would call mainline. theirs a lot if you consider halo wars and stuff. i dont know how to recommend how to play them, i played halo 3 as a kid, and then reach and it wasnt until later i looked into the lore i knew how everything connected. technically in canon reach comes before halo CE but i dont know if anyone would recommend to start with that- if i was going to get somebody into the franchise right now i might just look up a lore video and have them play any game, since theirs metric fuck ton of lore that predates the mainline shit
Vid related (didn't finish yet)
ty, i love these 
Did you watch destiny talk to adin ross?
link me it and i will! i havent seen destiny shite in too long! i also only know about adin being a fucking retard, i saw he was ESFP or something too which is like the pinnacle of retard personality type lmfao
do you happen to know his reaction to the ftm shooter in TN? i wanted to look but never did
You were good?!
still am!!!! but yeah kinda, for a controller player anyway
I like singleplayers. Multi is a pain
i agree although i feel like the money isnt worth it without multi desu
This was unexpected but interesting
wdym?
Funny tranny moment :P
truly
I hate puzzles
why? cause theyre hard? you dont like the challenge? do you like detective type stuff like profiling?
Not a fan of portal
you played it though?
zombies
everyone loves that but i never played it as a kid(or adult)
nobody even fuckin wants to be nice any more man
In my fascist utopia everyone will be forced to be nice or else
there are 5 trannies in that server
Oh look, it's the "every faggot should be shamed except me" fascist pedophile. 
You're one of those incels who deserve loneliness. Be proud, you earned it
he fascist on my pedophile till I incel
some niggas really could do with a sense of shame though
You should be ashamed of being an adult virgin fr
Thread theme
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=O_v1mwK5vl0 [Embed]
My dinner is finished(two pepperoni hot pockets) I'm gonna finish rewatching the greatest story never told in honor of our lord Adolf Hitler. Smell ya later losers!!!
really unkind of you to lump me in with him when I'm on your side
really not nice
not nice at all
literally a lonely virgin
Deservingly so
I just don't think this is what Hitler would have wanted desu is all I'm saying
I'm gonna finish rewatching the greatest story never told in honor of our lord Adolf Hitler. Smell ya later losers!!!
supremely based! im doing this now
ive seen it so many times despite how long it is
Hitler would hate Hot Pockets, he was a staunch vegetarian
he was a staunch vegetarian
so true!!
literal gay nazis 
No bf for you
This too but mostly the not being nice thing
only because of his gastric issues, in his youth he ate meat.
No bf for you
actually im a bf haver. were both celebrating
Ow fuck god damn it it hurts
e bfs who you have never met before don't count
If I lose my weekend to this cold I'm going postal officially
apparently eating an entire frozen pizza for dinner is enough to twist my stomach into knots and give me the shits really bad.
Even after pooping my guts out I still feel sick. I need someone to take care of me.
we can't even just have a little laugh we can't be a bit cheeky you're all so bloody miserable
If I lose my weekend
Like you're gonna do anything with it
thrown out of the zoo for shouting at the monkeys (it's a metaphor)
stone cold, dude, real heartless, steel and ice, a precise engineered machine
I am a stone cold, dude, real heartless, steel and ice, a precise engineered incel
imagine not knowing what a kiss feels like
for your information I kissed a girl once 8 years ago
for real though can a dying man not get just a little patience
best part about dead thread is I'll probably just go to sleep now like I should've done four hours ago hopefully when I wake up everyone will be dead especially me
suck my dick obama
