How does it feel like to break a hymen with your penis? I feel like my life is incomplete without this. What's the point of doing anything if you can't have a virgin wife?
Most adult women already have a broken hymen even if they are virgins.
Trying to do a split breaks your hymen
Trying to ride a horse breaks your hymen
Exercising breaks your hymen
Riding a bike breaks your hymen
Masturbating breaks your hymen
etc.
I broke mine riding a bike and falling on the metal bar part at 12 lol
This sounds like whore propaganda to me lol. I'm not saying its not possible but for how often I hear this kinda stuff repeated it sounds wayyyyy over-exaggerated.
Say that to my terrified 12yo self who cried because she thought she just mushed her insides lmfao
Woah that definitely changed my mind about this sounding like propaganda lmao
I broke mine by getting daddy to drill it out with a power drill.
Moids are so fucking retarded
Most girls had their hymen taken by an older male family member. Usually their own dad. So maybe ask some dad's you know.
God, you're moronic. I broke mine trying to cartwheel off a chair when I was 9, most girls have a story like this. Get out of your echochamber.
Trying to do a split breaks your hymen
Stay brainwashed dip shit
Trying to ride a horse breaks your hymen
Stay brainwashed dip shit
Exercising breaks your hymen
Stay brainwashed dip shit
Riding a bike breaks your hymen
Stay brainwashed dip shit
Masturbating breaks your hymen
Stay brainwashed dip shit
I always type "lol" after every internet lie I post also
Is this what you tell yourself when the repressed trauma becomes unbearable?
The fact that you don't understand what a vagina feels like be it on your dick or finger probably makes this entire thread moot
Jesus. Fucking pedophile if you like that pussy, im glad you guys dont get to procreate, just kill yourself already
What a weird world you must live in
an old used up roastie being self conscious about her arbys roast beef mudflaps??
not that weird
Now that's a femanon.
