I just want a bf who will make me piss myself and then bully and tease me for it but you cannot find guys who are into degenerate stuff like this irl.
you cannot find guys who are into degenerate stuff like this ir
because piss and shit is disgusting and the lowest tier of fetish you degenerate
I would love to do this but you are a biological male larping as a woman, sorry.
is there anything else you're into besides omoshit?
Trans women are women
Being punched in the face repeatedly.
Spanking mainly. Especially OTK stuff. I dont mean just getting a light slap on the ass a few times during sex. I like to be bruised and sore.
Trans women are women
Oh fuck off. Abandon thread.
That wasnt me retard. Believe it or no I do not have a Y chromosome.
They objectively are not. YWNBAW
I would do that and much worse to you my dear femanon. But you are unlikely to be in my country. Have you ever been forced to pee yourself?
I would only tease you about it after the fact. In the moment I would be supportive and reassuring.
lowest tier of fetish
piss is still better than niggers and animals
It's funny when people LARP as OP and pretend to be trans
Oh guys btw I'm trans
Lmao
I have a nice collection of wooden spoons. A hairbrush is great for spanking too. You better not pee on me while I do it tho.
Every woman is a tranny!
What are you, transphobic?!
You better not pee on me while I do it tho.
I don't think this would be too bad. Imagine how mortified and vulnerable she'd feel after that. Plus you have a perfect excuse to punish her.
Obviously. I'd make sure she would get a proper punishment. Not the fun kind. However I am into piss so it wouldn't be so bad honestly. Even drank girl piss before. But for the most part I just enjoy the bullying and humiliating her for having no control of her bladder. Like a little kid.
that's not degenerate it's just dumb and lame
why not drink your own piss, why not vomit in a bowl and then drink your vomit again, over and over until you can't anymore.
why not fuck a dog and drink its piss and rim its asshole
THAT is degenerate
No I havent, ive only ever been with one person and he was very normie and basically only liked missionary sex.
This is like my top fantasy, getting spanked so hard I piss myself then getting spanked more for it.
That's a shame. You never tried to get him to be more dominant? How can you not want to spank a girls butt. They make such cute sounds. I'd keep you well hydrated all day so you always have a full bladder.
Id be down but youre probably not in toronto
Making you piss yourself seems much hotter to me when you're at least partially clothed. But this would get in the way of the spankings.
I did but I met him in highschool and I went to a catholic school. We both never really practiced but he still had a lot of catholic values instilled in him and I didnt want to push it too hard and make him uncomfortable.
Pull down my pants and leave on my underwear, perfect solution.
Yea your right im in the US.
Yea your right im in the US.
Every time. Where are the European omorashi and ryona fembots?
I'm the same way but I like to do it for people I find on snap/kik/whatever
So you ate saying there are girls on these platforms that want to be forced to pee themselves and then get bullied for it?
tfw no kinky gf that let's me use and abuse her
Maybe next year.
One day I will find the femanon that makes these threads and give her a hard spanking till she cries like a little girl.
