Should I tell my therapist i'm a virgin / incel?
im gonna go with no
anon i'm sure she already knows.
i told mine i was a virgin at 25 and that it destroyed me growing up to not be able to date like my friends or peers. So we worked on that
No, absolutely not! My last therapist told me incel ideology is basically ISIS 2.0
my therapist didn't know what terminally online meant so I doubt she knows what incels are. I'm just gonna tell her i'm a virgin and that my inability to get woken makes me insecure.
I'm just gonna tell her i'm a virgin and that my inability to get woken makes me insecure.
Smart, buzzwording your therapist or assuming they know about the latest habbenings or internet retarded shit that people cope with is a waste of time.
Their job is for you to bring them a problem and for you both to plan out things while they look for patterns that are very common in patients with certain mental illness.
Example
clinically depressed patient comes in
Most special needs retards i have met from /r9k/ assume a therapist is like a TV therapist for actors. That they peel away your layers and discover "the real you" but that is nonsense from sigmund freud's day when we thought "bile" was the cause of illness and speeches that come from cocaine usage where scientific fact or even practical for use.
you discuss dating with them
Most special needs retards i have met from /r9k/ assume a therapist is like a TV therapist for actors. That they peel away your layers and discover "the real you" but that is nonsense from sigmund freud's day when we thought "bile" was the cause of illness and speeches that come from cocaine usage where scientific fact or even practical for use.
while discussing the plan to ask a girl out you notice they attack themselves alot, pick their skin, insult themselves, ect
Most special needs retards i have met from /r9k/ assume a therapist is like a TV therapist for actors. That they peel away your layers and discover "the real you" but that is nonsense from sigmund freud's day when we thought "bile" was the cause of illness and speeches that come from cocaine usage where scientific fact or even practical for use.
clients self confidence is very low, set out homework for them to do mechanically to stop the patterns of behaviour that further lower their self confidence so that when success does occur they get the maximum benefit out of it.
Most special needs retards i have met from /r9k/ assume a therapist is like a TV therapist for actors. That they peel away your layers and discover "the real you" but that is nonsense from sigmund freud's day when we thought "bile" was the cause of illness and speeches that come from cocaine usage where scientific fact or even practical for use.
tldr
tell your therapist your issues and what you want out of therapy.
i want a girlfriend but i have alot of issues talking to women
thats a fucking viable thing
is not viable its cringe
