work at Silicon Valley company, one of the biggest VFX devs
take home wrong RAID array from work
three months since and no one has contacted me about it
no one is looking for it
program can create entire movies using AI generation
voices and faces are great but you can tell something's up with the background, limbs, or costumes
used this tool to create hundreds of new Breaking Bad episodes over the course of these three months
basically have 644 "Fly" style filler episodes
some are serious, some are basically South Park or Rick and Morty with BB characters
Ex. 1: "Gusfling [sic] Rides Again"
about Gus competing against Walt to make the best breakfast quesadilla, with Flynn being the judge
Mike swaps Flynn with Jesse at some point, literally just throws him offscreen and sits Jesse down in the seat instead
Walt whines about it, but everyone else just says it's Flynn and threatens to kill Walt if he doesn't accept it
last 20 minutes of the episode is just Jesse eating the breakfast and saying "YEAH BITCH"
Ex. 2: "Burden"
Jesse somehow absorbs Walt's cancer by putting his hand to his chest, they regularly trade the cancer between each other, so they each have time to recover
start fighting over the cancer, since "it's my sin to bear!", eventually this mysterious cloaked man steals the cancer from both of them while they're fighting in an alleyway
Ex. 3: "24 Hours Hunted"
the entire episode is just Walt walking the streets of Albuquerque while looking over his shoulder nervously, occasionally breaks into a run and the music picks up
this goes on for approximately 24 hours of in-universe time, but it's the usual length of a BB episode
was running it on a closed circuit without network access, so it's impossible for anyone to have known I was using it
but the distro it's on just suddenly bricked for some reason and I can't get it working again
Luckily I saved all these episodes. Should I leak them?
Probably a larp but go ahead and use a vpn to leak it and shit if not lying.
As someone in the industry I can tell with 110% certainty this is a complete and utter unbelievable LARP. Not even a very interesting one.
Yes niggerfag. We're not subscribing for part two. Goddamn
would torrent
You don't know sh!t you flit
I would totally bum u if we were in the showers issho ni
Use a VPN to distribute a torrent otherwise fuck off
