Let your wife fuck Chads and get pregnant by them.
Your parental instincts will kick in and you will love these kids anyway.
Your wife will love you like a very close friend, and she will have 0 resentment for you because you accept her for the chadslut she is.
No chad would ever marry her, especially when she already has kids by other random chads, so she has no reason to ever leave you.
She will occasionally fuck you out of pity or boredom. You can probably expect regular quick handjobs, which will make you cum super hard since you love accepting your place as an inferior male in this world.
Of course, you guys would keep the public image of the relationship very normal, why wouldn't you?
But yeah, just raise the little moggers with love, and be happy for them because their lives will be awesome.
Why not just take the cuck pill?
The thing is women aren't really into cucking. Many women will fantasize about cheating on their boyfriends. 
However they don't want to be with a guy that wants to be cucked or cheated on. So if you do want to take the "cuckpill" you not only have to let her cheat on you but you have to pretend that you haven't caught onto it yet.
Cuck
Eugh, disgusting
I live this, but with some differences from what you described:
1. Our relationship is truly love, not like a "very close friend." 
2. All of our kids are from our bull
3. We've literally never had PIV intercourse before. Handjobs and pegging/teasing/oral on her only.
Fucking disgusting fucks.
How did you get into that relationship?
What signs of loving you does she show?
How did you get into that relationship?
She was my very first girlfriend in High School. We were both virgins and both had femdom fantasies due to unrestricted and unmonitored internet access. We started with our lifestyle before our sex loves even began. 
What signs of loving you does she show?
I do not intent to be mean, but it is my opinion that people who ask this of cucks have never actually been in love with someone before. Sex =/= love. Some of the most loving and true relationships have no sex snd vice versa.
I do not intent to be mean, but it is my opinion that people who ask this of cucks have never actually been in love with someone before. Sex =/= love. Some of the most loving and true relationships have no sex snd vice versa.
Not that anon, but answer the question, he didn't talk about anything relating sex. I would be talking about what kind of lovey dovey stuff she does to you, like kisses, hugs, shit like that. Anyway, be ready when your kids find out about all of this, you will probably end up alone in some shitty retirement home, good luck
didn't read, tell me five cute facts about Maki
They know who their father is. We aren't morons. 
The fact that he asked the question implies that the love of a romantic couple is in question at all. This is combined with the OP insinuating that a cuckold marriage isn't romantic is highly irritating. 
I was challenging the minset that created the question rather than the question itself.
cuckold marriage isn't romantic is highly irritating.
YOU STILL DIDN'T ANSWER THE FUCKING QUESTION, WHAT KIND OF LOVEY DOVEY STUFF/ROMANTIC SHE DOES TO YOU THAT ISN'T ABOUT YOUR KEK FETISH
Why would you become a cuck if you're already married?
Nah
Two of my loved ones are basically doormats and it's sad to see how their women treat them.
I could never live like that.
It's not a marriage, you cuck. Now be a good beta faggot and learn your place.
If I ended up in that situation, I'd use the inevitable detachment to manipulate them and train them (depending on their preferences/personality) to become super athletes, child entertainers, or overachieving college nerds. Worst case scenario the pressure turns them into drug addicts, I kick em out and they end up dead. 
I will manipulate my wife to be into it, If she's not into it, on to the next idiot.
OP insinuating that a cuckold marriage isn't romantic
I just said that because I know if I didn't there would be a bunch of seethers saying that it isn't romantic.
I didn't want the thread to go off topic deep into this shit.
Let your wife fuck Chads and get pregnant by them.
Your parental instincts will kick in and you will love these kids anyway.
Your wife will love you like a very close friend, and she will have 0 resentment for you because you accept her for the chadslut she is.
No chad would ever marry her, especially when she already has kids by other random chads, so she has no reason to ever leave you.
She will occasionally fuck you out of pity or boredom. You can probably expect regular quick handjobs, which will make you cum super hard since you love accepting your place as an inferior male in this world.
Of course, you guys would keep the public image of the relationship very normal, why wouldn't you?
But yeah, just raise the little moggers with love, and be happy for them because their lives will be awesome.
t. foreskin eater
You can tell this is an AI post because it assumes anyone on /r9k/ has a wife 
Sloppy job mossad
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT KIND OF ROMANCE HAPPENS IN A FUCKING KEK MARRIAGE, GODFUCKING DAMN, YOU DENSE MOTHERKEKER
That's a good question you nigger, but I'm not that guy. I would love to answer if I fucking knew.
why not just let me die alone?
i dont want to be some pitiable cuck in some loveless relationship. that sounds horrid
having some resentful old roastie hag mock me with her friends, in throwaway reddit accounts, because i cant stand up to chad?
seeing her nasty leathery face and roastie pussy and having to put up on act that she is sexy otherwise she will have a tantrum?
having to see videos and pictures of her in her youth with various chads, when she was happy to explore her sexuality?
that sounds worse than my current situation, which is being alone. i dont find pleasuer in just sex, for me a loving stockholm syndrome relationship is what composes my fantasies, and i cant love on a used up whore
fucking disgusting. cuckoldry is disgusting. i dont want to raise chad's bastard son. you are not entitled to me raising someone else's kids, not morally, not legally
infact, even in my dreams and fantasies, i never hit or choke out an old women, a whore, a roatie, a hag. because to me i associate that with intimate love, and i can never love a used up disgusting gutterslut like that
my hopes lie in robo-ai gf's. used up whores who actively cheat on me honestly makes me die inside. i dont care
itv made a video about this too. females in such relationships despise their husbards. i will not get into a relationship with a whore disrespecting me to myself, id rather be alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXG48Wd8dS8 [Embed]
Wow, imagine the cuckold thread falling victim to thread stealers.
This isn't me, this is someone trying to hijack.
My bad bro, my bad, i'm fucking mad right now
Stfu subhuman, you will get mogged by my wife's son.
Why not kill yourself and save the mental scars? 
I'm going to be over here taking the cookie pill while you do that.
Cuckoldry is wrong because it's adultery it's pure sin
