graduate valedictorian 
saved money during gap year to afford uni
gap year fucked up self-discipline
failing university, cs exams in 2 weeks, haven't studied for more than 1 week
spending my days going to nice restaurants, going to independent cinemas to watch classic/indie kino
suicidal ideation obviously, no plan.
the only thing i currently enjoy is listening to classical music 
i am depraved and deserve to die
God you sound like a massive pretentious faggot. If you actually graduated valedictorian from HS then you should've got enough scholarships to have free uni. Act on the ideation is always tickles me to see another computer science fag fail at life.
i am a massive pretentious faggot. you don't understand how scholarships work.
I see you are a man of culture who understand the trite tedious competition of who is the bigger pretentious faggot to earn College compensation for their exuberant tuition fees. 
t. massive fucking retard who feel for being optimistic for my college future because there is literally "free" money out there to help you.
you don't understand how scholarships work.
I understand exactly how they work because I graduated salutatorian of my HS and then never paid a dime for my undergraduate degree. Received the maximum amount of scholarship money per academic year allowed by the university and then had two scholarships from private organizations as well. Picked one of the cheaper universities in my state too. Now I'm living la vida loca with a comfortably middle class lifestyle in a medfag job and will be going back for my master's in a couple years.
Just accept that you're a lazy cunt who was possibly never cut out for anything that takes effort. Emphasis on possibly, though. Either drop out now or get your act together, cs fag. You don't want to be selling your unwashed ass at the nearest truckstop for a living.
Have you tried making sure your soul is OK?
I suggest doing something like nudism. It's nice extreme thing, that isn't suicide. There are usually spots near national parks that don't explicitly allow it, but local nudists will go to as it's hard to enforce or it's a local secret. You most likely won't see any hot young nudists, as they are mostly home nudists, but at least you'll experience something most people won't have experienced, being nude in a public place for a potentially extended period of time.
And yet here you are dumbass. 
Go live the vida loca fucking yourself then shithead. Theres probably more people in your life that you dont have the balls to say this shit to with your unwashed shitty mindset if all that eventually brought you here anyway.
