So the woman who is supposedly in love with me is hesitating to marry me because I "lack status and money".
Buddy boyos, I own a house, a car, and earn enough to feed a family.
What fucking status and money? Am I supposed to be a CEO of large corporation, own multiple Lamborghinis, and be famous on social media to be able to marry a barely average girl?
By the way, I'm tall, good looking, and have a somewhat large cock.
Yes, unironically
Until she marries a multi-millionaire, the delusional bitch will think she can reach for more
Anon, she just saved you from a huge mistake. Cut your losses and end it.
I warned her that these delusions will be her downfall.
I mean, aren't most of them like that these days?
lmao thats a really nice LARP
It would be a pretty boring and generic LARP for /r9k/.
If I wanted to do that, I would come up with something better.
At this point I'm just bitching about what I'm going through, trying to get some sympathy from robots to make myself feel better, as sad as that may sound.
Yeah, cut her off. The bitch is extremely greedy, and the only way you could get more money, and by consequence status, is to do illegal shit like selling drugs.
Drop her and get another woman. You'll win at the end when she realizes her huge mistake, especially when you have a prettier wife and children with the other woman.
That would be fucking brootal.
I don't think she means anything bad though, she is just retarded.
I don't think she means anything bad though
With those comments she said, and OP's stats means she is being greedy. 
She is absolutely retarded since she is a woman and thinks OP can get higher wealth and status by self-improvement alone, but OP has limits. 
Perhaps the only legal way to do so is becoming the mayor of his town, but that's it and she is asking too much.
Perhaps the only legal way to do so is becoming the mayor of his town
Kekd irl. 
It's comforting to see that there are some based bvlls like you left in the world.
So the woman who is supposedly in love with me is hesitating to marry me because I "lack status and money"
Someone else on her timeline got something that she hasn't gotten yet. They're always comparing themselves to the collective highlight reel of their entire social group. Someone on her friends list probably went to a sporting event and got to sit in corporate owned box suite. That or some other meaningless "exclusive" thing that the peons sometimes gets invited to. I had a similar thing happen when mine said we never go on vacation, but we had been travelling out of state/country every few months for events. She meant a tropical, relaxation only vacation. I made that happen because cruises are cheap and you can find other good deals on unsold rooms if you know where to look.
They're always going to want more, and they're always going to want to have things to flex on social media. Have to make them acutely aware of how good they have it.
Everyone saying that you "dodged a bullet" is wrong. They're all bullets. They all exhibit this behavior. The only ones that don't are trailer park people who just haven't had their tastes richened yet. Most of follow the same lifestyle creep, some eventually cap off somewhere affordable, but at that point you're commingling your genes with trailer park DNA.
I'm a straight woman but I want to have a lesbian orgy like the pic idk it seems hot to just cum over and over again together.
Similar thing happened to me. I was with a girl for 5 or 6 years, moved in together and everything. She had never had a job I paid for everything but she started getting cold feet when she had to start working because life is expensive and in the end left me for some guy with a rich family whose parents had bought him a house. You are better off breaking up with her OP. The way she goes.
The only way you can really avoid it is by dating girls whose families have so much money she doesn't care about it and also it helps if they are a white guilt type because they will resent themselves and the guys who are in their social class and actually think it is cool to date a poor person. Alternatively you can try to find a normal girl who genuinely doesn't care about money and status but that is incredibly difficult. It is worse the in the modern day as well because you are being compared not just to the group of people around you, but everyone in the world because of social media. So relatively, even if you have a house and car as stuff, you are still low down.
One thing I will say though OP, if you are good looking enough to pull it off, sometimes being a bum has its advantages when it comes to banging random girls. Since my ex left me years ago I became a NEET who lives with my mum, I still managed to bang a lot of girls and being a NEET loser actually helped, I will give you an example to show you why.
meet girl while out drinking
next weekend agree to meet up at pub
tell her I am a NEET who lives in his mum's basement
she invites me back to her house to get drunk and fuck
we meet up and fuck a bunch more times
Why did the NEET thing help? She was currently dating trying to find someone to settle down with and when she dated these 'high status' men she didn't want to appear 'slutty' to them incase she wanted to make one her husband. She still wanted to fuck though so that is where I came in. 1/2
2/2
I would literally be at this girls house waiting after she came home from date 4, 5, 6 with doctors and lawyers then we'd get drunk and I'd pound her and not speak to her again until next time. Because I was a loser she would never marry she had no problem being a complete slut with me. So you can work not being a 'high status' man to your advantage as long as you are happy to just fuck random girls and not have a gf.
Until she marries a multi-millionaire, the delusional bitch will think she can reach for more
Do you honestly believe her cashlust will stop there? One yacht, two yachts, three yachts, four. Oh, Becky's husband has a nicer car/shoes/yacht/jet, why can't WE have nicer stuff than them?
OP, fuck her for as long as you possibly can, then when she stops putting out, RUN.
They appreciate the availability. As a NEET your availability is unrivaled. The status guys can't provide that for them.
It's horrible. There's no winning, even if you achieve status. They always want more. You can provide an infinite supply of all other resources, they can have a huge supply of their own resources. At that point, the only thing left for them to take is more of your time, and they'll get pissed if they can't get it. It's what happened to Tom Brady.
They appreciate the availability. As a NEET your availability is unrivaled. The status guys can't provide that for them.
Interesting theory, never heard this one before.
I got into an arrangement like that when I was a student. Started casual then she just invited me to move in and even paid for some minor expenses. I really liked her and got a summer job to try and help pay for stuff, thinking that would show my value as a man. The relationship really soured during that point of time and immediately bounced back once the job was over.
It's really weird, and I know how unbelievable it sounds. Fact of the matter is that if they like you because they are attracted to you they would rather have you available than generating money. They can get their own money, but they can only get your time and body if you provide it to them and don't sell it to someone else.
Pimps use the same social phenomenon to recruit their harems. If they're into you and you lay good pipe they will do depraved stuff and give you the money. 
https://youtu.be/mQ_pSfnP8Z0 [Embed]
Somewhat interesting video on the topic in my opinion. The Tate brothers outright admit to ridiculous crimes, but specifically 6:20 he talks about how critical it is to fuck the girls and keep the pair bonding chemicals flowing.
what's your networth and age?
