Today, in the early morning hours, an extremely rare hybrid solar eclipse occurred. 
I am 109 days into an Eternal Nofap I started on January 1, 2023, at Midnight. I swore to myself at the beginning of the year that I would make it to this point still on my nofap, still intact. 
I knew if I didn't, I wouldn't enjoy or appreciate a second of this majestic eclipse. I knew I wouldn't be able to channel the energy of the Sun and the day and use it to fuel me and my endeavors. 
I am, slowly but surely, becoming the master of my own body.
Hey glorious anon. I didnt pass my final job interview and ended relapsing. I feel so hopeless. I will try again next week on Monday. Congrats on your streak.
hopeless
It's very difficult once you've squandered a clean year. I know from experience. It's so very difficult. I wish there was some advice I could give but only you can find your way back from the darkness you now find yourself mired in. 
What was your longest streak of all-time again? Have I surpassed you? I don't mean to gloat or turn it into a competition. I'm just curious.
My longest was the first time I did it out of curiosity maybe back in 2017. I went over 100 and stopped counting around the 120s. I was recently thinking that I should somehow get that mindset I used to have. The wonder of my first nofap kept me going for a long time so maybe I should set a new goal like 200 days? Ultimately my biggest hurdle is employment, I would kick porn immediately if I just had a good job.
I think abandoning the counting is wise, but not in the early days. I think using things like the Lord of the Rings nofap counter and day measurement apps like Iron Will can really help encourage you to stick to it in those early days when the temptation is worst (or at least when you don't fear throwing away the significant streak you're on so much). 
I've been slowly weaning myself off counting the days so much since I hit 100, but sometimes it still helps to check my stats or open Iron Will app or post a milestone thread here from time to time. 
Just reminding myself why I'm still doing this.
Ultimately my biggest hurdle is employment, I would kick porn immediately if I just had a good job.
Interesting. I haven't worked at all since April 2018, so don't use this as a crutch. You CAN do longterm nofap when you're an unemployed NEET. You WILL do longterm nofap as an unemployed NEET. I believe in you, brother. 
As for porn I haven't given that up yet. But I watch it a lot less than usual. I'm honestly beginning to feel barely anything when I look at it by this point. I think I still feel physical arousal and some mental excitement. But it doesn't seem the same as before, it's hard to explain. 
Yeah porn is really of no issue to me.
Yeah I stopped counting around 100 since that was the goal I had in my head. Once I reached it I got bored with the experiment around the 120s. I wish I saw it as a lifestyle change instead
Unemployed and nofap? So much free time. Truly the hardest road.. I was only able to do around 90 days max while unemployed. Yeah usually long streaks kill interest in porn. If anything that is a good reason to do a few months of nofap. Thanks for the reminder. Good night glorious anon. Keep on shining.
Unemployed and nofap? So much free time. Truly the hardest road
Yep. I also barely leave my room since I have no friends or girlfriend. However during these 109 days I have gone for lots of rural walks with family. I did like a weeklong bedside vigil for my dying gran (staying with her all throughout each night). I've went for 3 massages (normal ones, not sexual ones, but I'd never had a massage before starting this Eternal Nofap). I've went for meals with family. I went to the cinema for the first time in like 5 years. I've went to family parties. I've gone physical shopping downtown numerous times. 
I feel like I'm forgetting a lot of other stuff I've done, but yeah. 
So yeah I've kept fairly busy for most of it. However I have had several noticeable periods where I don't have anything to do for like 2-3 weeks. Those times can be challenging. 
I'm thinking of getting a job soon and ideally moving out of my parent's house though. 
The busier I keep the less time I have to think and to dwell.
All wholesome activities. Reminds me of how my long streaks would bring me closer to family. I miss how I feel on those long streaks. Only more motivation to start a new one.
You can do it, brother. I believe in you, and /r9k/ believes in you.
This is very encouraging news
Now you are reaping the positive rewards from your hard work.
To change your life you need to change yourself and having this happen and living the realisation is your ticket to freedom
We are on our way guys, it's happening for real this time
