Come on now, i didn't even post any pics and i have simps buying me games and gifts. Robots will do anything for female attention.
You retards are pathetic hahaha
and yet you cannot appreciate anything
how tragic
The simps you find here aren't even robots they're redditors who just haven't left
Lots of people here don't hate women, they just resent the privileged place they hold in society and the preferential treatment they receive.
Speak for yourself, i hate the modern vagina demon
I said Iots not all.
Speak for yourself, not for the userbase
If I become your simp and buy you things, will you bully me like Nagatoro in your picture?
Nobody appreciates simps, they should be used and abused. They will never learn
No true robotman
They often contribute to things they complain about. Pathetic
Mommy issues?
I am speaking for myself. For the observations I've made.
If you are OP. Which country are you from, and how can I serve you?
i hope you gave them your home address
Please call me pathetic and let me buy gifts for you. I have a tiny penis and could never satisfy a girl. I am inferior and born to serve
Until i get bored. You sound stupid and boring, does being made fun of turn you on? lol
I'm not saying which country yet. You can start by writing " I am a pathetic coomer simp" on a piece of paper and post it here. Will you do it for me, anon?
You hope wrong :P
How small?
I would simp but I'm probably too fat for you.
you are just as pathetic as they
They don't believe you're a woman, retard, they get off on the fantasy you provide and are willing to pay for it. People aren't stupid, they are coping and intentionally deceiving themselves. Regardless; the people making woman hate threads are not the same people throwing money and attention at e-whores.
How fat is your wallet? That's the only thing i care about, pigboy. If you are a neet would your mommy give you any money you can spend on me?
Alternatively you can post your fat stomach here so me and others can laugh at you. I promise it would make me very happy if you decide to do so. You can write something nice for me too 
I am bullying those that deserve it. They are sick and unfit to live in normal society
Ok
How gullible do you think people are?
Now class, here we have a rather difficult case but maybe someone wants to try and tell me anyways: Is this bait written by a human or a bot?
Bro are you me? No one ever wants big boys as simps, turns me bitter desu
Nice try trannyfaggot
Bots can't get past captcha >:)
Maybe i'm just bored and in mood to bully losers that visit this shothole. No way, as that would be too simple
Fake news. Fatties are funniest slaves. They will do ANYTHING
If you wanted a fat slave you'd already have one, there's no competition
I'm a pervert with a tiny dick. What shall I do? :(
NGL, the idea of writing that down and posting it here for you to laugh at turns me on.
Idk should I really do it?? Help I dont want to like this
I only have 1 fatty. He does the most humiliating things for me though. That's why i like bullying him 
Useless "male". Can you even cum with that thing? Tell me more about yourself
I am not going to simp for you, cunt.
I can cum but only to virgin humiliation porn. I'm just a lonely loser but I make lots of money so super addicted to simping hehe
I'm a virgin and I'm short with a 5 inch penis, how can I cope with this?
I'm KHHV at 25, is it over for me? Can I fix myself or do I give up and be a slave to some girl? I am 5'2
How much do I have to pay you monthly to be your full time live in slave irl? If I pay you $6k a month would you let me be your irl slave?
Just buy hrt from the internet and be a tranny. You'll be able to date regular girls or other trannies or guys all pretty easily since trannies are relatively rare and there are people from each of those demographics who specifically try to date them.
You can even hide your tits in layered clothes or with tape and continue living the rest of your life at your job or wherever the same way you've been doing without publicly living as a girl.
But I'm not trans and don't want to mess up my body anon
It's natural for losers like you to like it, just like it is natural for me to laugh at you. To deny this means to go against your true nature. You can try to fight it and be unhappy or you can have your 5 minutes of infamy. Your choice, loser
My cock is so hard right now? What do? :(
Write it on your cock. If you have enough room.
You're making this very difficult femanon, do you want that message written or something different?? I'm getting too turned on to say no...
Me pee pee is too tiny. Gimme your discord, i wanna worship you. Plz
Your tears fuel me. " p-please femanon go away, l-let me have my safe space on this board ;_; "
You are such a loser but you know that already. Imagine having that much money AND STILL not being able to have a gf. You may be the most pathetic guy itt. You are in luck though, i like rich losers
There is no cope. But you shouldn't rope either. Just simp for me or some other girl(female). Pathetic losers deserve to be bullied and made fun of.this is only attention you will ever get. Learn to embrace it
You are not even a manlet lol
Irl gets scary, how do i know you aren't going to kill me? 
You have my attention. Speak loser
I have a tiny penis, I could never please a girl sexually so I get rock hard being used and manipulated by girls like you. I want to serve you so badly
You know what. Are you that dumb? Do i have to tell you every single little thing? Can you even post without me telling you to? Useless
Good one, fake me &lt;3
What is the best way for you to bully and make fun of me miss? I am willing to obey.
It's simple. I move in with you, be your part time slave, clean your house, do everything for you and I pay you 6k every month for that privilege. I had a similar arrangement with a femanon from here years ago, it was so hot
Beg for it. Let me hear your best pitch. Why should i accept you as my simp slave? Are you as useless as your dick?
I could use new games to play on steam. I could use humiliating photos of you to *maybe* touch myself while looking at them. I would probably just laugh lol
I'm curious. How old are you? Tell me about that femanon.
What's most degradimg thing yoy are wiing to do? Are ylu willing to be wqlked on a leash outside, like a dog that you are?
I'll gib lots and lots of money, I'm super loyal and won't serve anyone else, I'll buy you gifts all for your attention :)
lmao you are literally replying to a man larping
why is this board so utterly retarded
I'm curious. How old are you? Tell me about that femanon.
28 now. That femanon was a mexican zoomer who needed money and I was simping for her so I made the offer and she was perplexed lmao because it was too good to be true. It lasted a few months but she got a bf
Of course. Anything you want
You can start by writing something for me if you are serious about this. "I will forever be your slave" will do
Prove you mean it. Now
If I am not a manlet what am I?
here's a fun little secret >>73026783
it do be like that. the people here who claim to be robtos are PATHETIC
simps are PATHETIC
honestly. i dont think simps, even if they are virginal wizards, can be robots, because that shit is honestly so shameless and pathetic, and contributes towards female ego growth and feminist power
fuck simps
28 now. That femanon was a mexican zoomer who needed money and I was simping for her so I made the offer and she was perplexed lmao because it was too good to be true. It lasted a few months but she got a bf
Hilarious. 
mexican? 
Anon...
That's what i like to hear. What did yiu do for her? 
Subhuman
Adorable. I like male tears
Really? Woof.
I don't blame you for being suspicious. It's true a lot of creeps do what you say. Think of it what you will, dog
I cleaned the house, made her breakfast, massaged her feet, went to work, went to shopping sprees with her, came back home, massaged her feet again, helped her with work then went to sleep. It was amazing
lmao. 
yeah guys i got people here to give me a gorillion dollars. as proof of it here's a hundred different images of the same character (too lazy to post them seperately because of post cooldown, take them all at once)
Who the fuck you calling a dog you fucking bitch?
Why did you reply to me? I know it's a man and I mocked him for it.
You really are pathetic. If i'm ever down on money and if you are available i would consider it. Usa? 
I don't think you are that guy,but you ARE a dog, dog
you are literally replying to a man lmao how retarded can you get you fucking idiots?
heh
Yes, USA. And yes, I know I'm pathetic and needy but I can't help it :(
You are slightly annoying. Probably a jelous tranny 
How did such a loser manage to make enough money for simping? It's hard to believe anon 
Are you ugly as well?
r9k isn't one person you dumb hole. If I were in the same room as you right now I would beat the shit out of you and use you like a fleshlight
Money has always been a part of my life, my family are well off and I have a decent career in IT
Yes, but you don't have to be seen with me in public if you don't want :(
Where in that post did i say that it was? Brainlet
At least you aren't dumb as well. Mentally ill and pathetic probably but smart enough to hold a job. I shouldn't compliment you 
Do you like wearing a mask? What about a paper bag that says "too ugly, may damage your eyes"? It doesn't bother me if you are willing to be degraded in public. If you are walking next to me like a bf would then we have issues. What is so ugly about you?
At least you aren't dumb as well. Mentally ill and pathetic probably but smart enough to hold a job. I shouldn't compliment you
Thank God, I'm useful to you in SOME way
Do you like wearing a mask? What about a paper bag that says "too ugly, may damage your eyes"? It doesn't bother me if you are willing to be degraded in public. If you are walking next to me like a bf would then we have issues
I would do literally anything for you. I don't think anyone would ever assume I'm your bf, they would know I'm just a simp by just looking at me
Small chin, big nose, long face. I'm glad I learnt my place early on and started enjoying simping. I would be really bitter if I hadn't
this thread kek. my gut is jiggling as i laugh
You're a dog. Bitch. I'd crack your skull open and fuck the remains
hey, did you know that you are literally replying to a fat man larping as a girl like, how utterly fucking retarded can you get?
Are you stroking your useless cock at the thought of this? Are you that starved for female attention? Yes you are useful only as a paypiggy. The one that makes oink noises when i ask for your wallet in public. That would be funny. Me buying myself a dress and waiting for you to give me the wallet at the counter. You can't touch my hand in public, so you would have to be careful
Fatty exposed
You would get on your knees irl. I know your kind, dog
Seething tranny kek
Are you stroking your useless cock at the thought of this?
I'm rock hard but I'll only touch myself if you want me to
Are you that starved for female attention? 
Yes, so much. 
I'd give you my credit card. I just want to be yours
calm down sir
you are talking to a man you faggot lol
What makes you think I'd kneel for anyone let alone a bitch like you?
depends on what you consider as 'fat'. i used to be over 340 pounds but i'm 200 now, lifting weights and jogging. but yeah, i still retain bit of flabbiness here and there but that's mostly bits of empty loose skin.
You can ONLY touch yourself if yiu recird a vocaroo for me. Beg for me to let you touch yourself. I may even let you do it. But you can't cum until i allow it
I know you are a simp who would do anything for female attention. You just act tough online. If i told you to lick the floor you would do it kek
How tall, fatso? Good job if true
did you guys know that attaching an anime girl to your posts doesn't actually make you a female?
did you also know that this is the #1 telltale sign of a fat man larping on the internet
You think highly of yourself, don't you? How it would actually go is you would be in your knees before me, like the bitch you are.
All this tough talk, what's your country then I'll prove a point and we can meet. See who's bluffing who. I already know you won't do it.
average, 6ft. i was 180lbs at my lightest but felt constantly tired despite sleeping 10+ hours a day. people though i'm going through cancer or leukemia. 200lbs is comfortable, lifts are still progressing well beyond 1/2/3/4 and i eat even more than before. life's good now.
thanks for stating the obvious. just another boring thursday evening. also you have anime pic too
see >>73028582
yeah, i guess im a femanon now, ~tehee dont hit on me you silly boy
kinda funny to see how closely related 'love' and hate are; have a friend who would regularly browse 4chan and call himself a self-proclaimed incel, professing to me his absolute distate towards females when he could every other day, then he got laid and his personality did a 180 turn. Now he seems to be in a different relationship every couple months or so.
I wonder if despising and using as a scapegoat a given group of individuals is just a distraction from the fact that we all may be fundamentally unlikeable or broken, and that it's a miracle that things such as large scale world peace and globalization could even happen in first place
Nice try bitch. You don't have enough money for a coffee let alone traveling around the world. I can smell a simp from miles
And yes, i think highly of myself
Can you bench your bodyweight? You don't sound like a simp
Haha I knew you'd bitch out. I have more than enough money for travel. Go on. Try me.
You can't think highly of yourself if you're getting cold feet this easily. Hahaha what a joke.
I just love how sure of yourself you are. You will not bait me to prove anything, fag
Consider killing yourself
It happens every other day kek
calm down sir
you are talking to a hairy man lol
just love how stupid and retarded you larpers are and the thirsty simps falling for it, imagine spending your time doing this shit on 4chan and having a dedicated anime-girl-larp folder for this shit like LMFAO jesus FUCKING christ
supposed "femanon" i dont care about whatever attention whoring bullshit you're pulling i just realized that you're using alot of nagatoro pics, is the manga any good because i feel like reading it because nagatoro looks kawaii desu
Can you bench your bodyweight?
the /2/ in 1/2/3/4 means two 45 pounds plates on each side of the barbell at benchpress. the total weight is 225 pounds, bar including. i bench this for five reps, although i still struggle with finishing all five sets.
is that an issue?
heh are you too scared to post your home adderess on 4chan?
Yeah
I post nagatoro because i relate to her and so my posts are easy to identify. I can post without avatarfagging too
pepe
Go back to 2016 retard
Yeah. Retards like you with a bully fetish will enjoy it
Impressive. I had no idea what those numbers meant
No, it's good for you. No one respects simps. I just use them kek
Re read my question again, dog. I said country not home address. So much for being superior. Can't even read let alone answer a basic question.
Knew you were full of crap.
there were years i would simp. times when i thought an unhealthy dose of rectal alpinism was the only quality i could offer to a girl/woman. but your larp is weak to be honest. you offer only cruelty, that will repulse many sooner or later. try better next time.
boogie or wings? what is your bet going to be?
I have not and will never simp for you or anyone else. So I win
are you toroc4t
i dont know what the content meter is
