I was watching some south park and I found myself envious. This is all I want, a community of people that each know each other, and each have their dynamics. I used to have this until I moved, I changed schools twice and finally I was homeschooled. How do you even fix this problem of having no community? I can't just join a community and be a act like I was always a part of it. I'll always be the stranger or the new guy.
I just got shit on my hands
I have no idea how to fix this proplem, but I feel exactly the same way you do. I tried moving to a small town but even after living here for two years everybody knows I'm a outsider.
go out to social events and meet people. it is easy
And i was cleaning it and i shit some blood out too
does that happen often? maybe you have hemorrhoids
Even if I move back to my hometown everyone I knew would've already forgotten me.
My only source of socialization was public school, and since I was homeschooled idk how to talk to people anymore. I mean I didn't how to talk to people even back then but at least I was part of the community even as a background character.
i began feeling the same once i began playing wow a few years back. i started as a dwarf and holy fuck all of those interactions awakened something in me
all i want is to live in a northern shit hole with a great hall and semi-regular feasts. basically a viking life but without.. you know.. all of the starving to death, getting hit with an axe to the head then having your limbs cut off, disease etc
but that is unlikely. i feel your pain brothers. we are doomed to suffer it seems. our reactions are natural. there is no sense of community because no major events like war - famines have happened as of late in order to keep our egos in check. not saying that dying from starvation as a beggar is a good fate however the aftermath of such disasters is usually very comfy. after shit cools down anyway. i am afraid that we will face no battles in our life times. at best it will be our grand children which will fight globo homo. at worst our great grand children. we were born in stagnant societies in stagnant times. not much we can do about it
here, something to get your blood pumping: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KG3mHOucDU [Embed]
South Park is aimed at mentally stunted adults who were molested as a kid.
maybe you have hemorrhoids
Or cancer of the ass
I can never get a gf and kids if I can't even have childhood friend love -_-
Thanks for the music, not much of a metal fan tho
Elementary school (and some of middle school) was unironically the peak of my life, maybe that's why I like it.
go out and try talking to people. you will figure it out
I'm retarded so idk how to go to social events. I'm not even joking like if someone told me to go to comiccon I'd have no idea what to do first.
maybe try a dating app like bumble then. you can use it to meet friends too
Bumble
What the difference between that and tinder? I know that the girl has to respond first but what kind of woman uses it? (and guy too I guess)
theres a number of homeless/traveler autistic people living together in slab city. i think a few (not all of them) recieve disability or some sort of income. they basically just hang out all day and work ontheir own projects... seems like the people who claim to be autistic down there seem to be the more productive ones. a lot of people just hang out and socialize most of the day.
all i want is to live in a northern shit hole with a great hall and semi-regular feasts. basically a viking life but without.. you know.. all of the starving to death, getting hit with an axe to the head then having your limbs cut off, disease etc
dude! move to slab city! everyday feels like youre living in an rpg. you literally have to (you dont have to) build/hustle/network for a shelter/home when you arrive!
traveling america has really given me that feeling of traveling across mmorpg landscapes but like x100
also theres a ton of nerds who play video games, magic and dnd all day in slabs
Car centric urban design is part of the problem
by the way you could just move to south park IRL
i can never
i thought that it was over too but then i went out and started to get laid ez pz. unless you are below 6 feet with a face that looks like a horse's ass you have no excuses. unless your dick is below 6 inches. or you are physically disabled. okay yeah i know but you get the point either way
metal is peak masculine music to get you thru difficult times. out of pure curiosity however.. what genres of music do you favor the most?
more or less this. once i realized almost no one has any idea on what to do and is as hopeless as.. everyone else shit began to be easy. i am not perfect at interactions however my fuck up's were reduced from 'hey bro, remember when 5 years ago you bla bla bla' to just doing shit everyone forgets about within a few hours which is getting rarer and rarer by the day
i had similar issues. basically: you have to work 5 years in an industry to get a job. but how the fuck are you supposed to get 5 years of experience if you will never get employed because you lack it? 
you need to know others to meet others. the first 10 'friends' are the most difficult. if you do not act like a sperg you will get invited to events sooner or later. if you are very desperate just hang around old people. they hang out around other old people you will meet which will introduce you to their grand children because of feeling pity for your pathetic existence. they should do so within a few weeks of realizing you are completely alone
all dating apps are programm- you know what? guessing by your situation it seems like one of the best bet. meet becky on bumble/tinder/facebook whatever then wait till she introduces you to her friends. it is downhill from there on unless you are severely socially retarded
bumble has a BFF mode where you match with other dudes that are looking for friends. its not romantic just friends
One reason the show works like that is because they have eternally kept the kids in 4th grade.
"Group of elementary school kids and their parents" is one of the last surviving situations where communities, in the sense you describe, still exist in the US.
What usually happens is the kids hit middle or high school and start attending a regional school instead of a local one, and they fragment into cliques and lose track of each other. My parents are still friends with the parents of people I went to 4th grade with - but they don't know the parents of anyone I went to high school with, unless I also went to elementary school with them. My parents are friends with the parents of those kids even though I haven't talked to most of them in years.
If all of us had stayed in 4th grade for 20 years, somehow, the interactions of all the kids and their parents over time would probably have looked a lot like (a much less crazy version of) South Park.
You can't do the same thing in real life because that brief window of shared common interest and perspective can't be maintained in other areas of life. People just fragment too fast, or have nothing in common.
Car centric urban design is part of the problem
I agree but school is a good public place to meet peers
by the way you could just move to south park IRL
You don't seem to understand, I can't move to south park because I will be the stranger, I don't belong there. I belong in my own hometown.
like i said, northern shit hole. from what a quick online search revealed what you mentioned is in the middle of some californian desert shit hole which is not favorable due to me preferring colder climates. how am i supposed to relax by the warmth of a fire when it is 30 degrees C outside?
correct. i have watched a few videos and the alaska/montana regions seem cozy. perhaps one day i will have enough money to say fuck it and live in some hunters shack for a few months just chilling with basic living necessities
there are a few places where like-minded people the same age hang out in a social environment, such as school, college, etc. it cant be a supermarket or like a church since those arent really social, but you get the point try to get into these social environments more and more and hopefully you'll be normie-ish
I'm below 6' and act kinda feminine.
I mostly listen to baroque and 20th century orchestral Russian music, stuff like Prokofiev.
Ah cool cool. I remember I joined some normie discord about an alt fashion thing and idk how to like break into there you know?
i think i was in a similar situation once. the thing which got me out of it was growing in height and.. metal. before you can progress you have to get rid of everything. your ego, beliefs, hopes, achievements etc. nothing you did so far mattered. what can you change about that in future should be your main concern and mindset. i recommend a semi-cold bath for 30 minutes to get you started. showers work but are far less effective. if you have some bodies of water near you even better. go for a swim etc. as for your short stature i am afraid there is no cure
old soviet music talked about community a lot. but yet again i suggest you give metal a chance. especially german metal.. it makes you forget your troubles and gets your blood pumping for a few minutes until it slowly goes away. think about it like that 3 am motivation you get sometimes but on steroids 
cuckord
leave that cursed place brother. even arguing here is a better idea
never had a community despite growing up in a small town. partly because i was a weirdo and partly because my class wasn't that close, the hub guys who kept everyone together all moved away. only people left were those dudes who wanted to stay at home and play games and guys like me who weren't cool enough to convince people to come out. to add insult to injury the guys older than me and the guys younger than me are still tight knit.
in rehab i listened to fucking junkies having a better community than i did. one of the hardest parts for them was leaving their drug community, despite their ''friends'' selling them out for drugs in a heartbeat.
