would you date a bpd femanon? asking for... a friend.
i can't even befriend bpd people, they are too mean
and i have tried a lot of times
Only if she gets her life together and doesn't blow up every 5 seconds
How is your friend's therapy going?
no. answering for a friend
how are they mean to you? "my friend" has never been mean to anyone? her anger is mostly pointed inward.
Yeah, sure. I gotta couple loose screws too, we'd be great together
quite well! she has been working on herself as much as she can!
Good for your friend, I'm happy for your friend.
wonderful :-)
well, "your friend" is probably different, but all of the bpd people i have met directed their anger towards me for reasons as dumb as
so... yeah
are you different? i mean, i wouldn't befriend or date a person ONLY because they are bpd, there must be something else, right?
only if she's actually feminine and not just "gay with more steps"
does your friend have cute feet? and can i see?
Is your friend in a hurry? Is she hoping to rush towards marriage and children? I think dating a BPD girl is doable if we take things slow. I mean real slow. I mean real real slow.
Only if our delusions are complimentary so we can utilize our mental illness to the greatest extent
i am not like that. i will admit, i get anxious when someone doesnt respond within 20 or so minutes, but i do not get angry about it! nor do i voice my feelings, because im aware that my fears are irrational. 
and there are other things about me! it just feels like bpd IS me at some points, and it may affect me for the rest of my life.
im unsure what you mean by this, but yes i am feminine! although i did cut my hair a few months ago.. :(
No, but I would date a bpd fembot.
"my friend" can also be considered a fembot :)
i understand. well, it sounds like you really have intentions of getting better and not affecting others. that's nice. i would like to think these are a product of having good feelings.
i mean, i understand there are other things about you! but don't make yourself sound like if bpd was the only thing you had to offer. are you caring? are you kind? i'm pretty sure you have things going on for you.
i am caring and kind! i have other things going for me. but, like i said, i feel like i am just bpd sometimes yk.
In what way is she a fembot?
shes never had a boyfriend, never really had friends, somewhat of a shut-in, has little to no social skills, etc etc etc
it's okay, anon. it's rare to find someone nice and caring on here!
do you want to be friends?
Reminds me of someone I really care about
Interesting you make this distinction
i would love to!! i dont really have many!
Bpd girls are only ok if the stoped being clingy and assholes (comes from someone who has bpd so don't come at me)
No. I like people with consistent personalities.
I guess. Does your friend want children one day?
how do i contact you? hmm
it depends on i how feel in the future, i am very indecisive at the moment so i dont think im in a good spot to make such a decision!
if i knew she was - no i wouldn't want to
but i can't choose who i develop crush on if we frequently interact chances are i would be open to dating any nonfat
discord or telegram!! :p
small kitty#9517
How many boys have you kissed?
Good luck on your new e-friendship, but remember: If he tries to push the conversation in a sexual or uncomfortable direction, then you're not being BPDy by telling him to fuck off or ending the conversation. Even BPD girls have inherent dignity and should maintain their self-respect.
i have never kissed anyone :p
that is true, thank you!
Why not?
Not on purpose, but yes and more than once.
It gets much more bearable when its tamed by dependency and other calming mind-fractures
Don't do that to yourself. I've been there.
Unless you have a thing for being bullied then no.
Many women have bpd, it you are able to notice it then it must be really bad. It basically means they will be angry at you and create drama over nothing, especially right in the middle of you working on something. I surprised my gf with takeout and she screamed because it wasn't the right type.
That isn't bdp that is just being a female
Where is she from and how old?
