So.. had a crush on chick since I was 14 (28 now). She's pretty, but not the prettiest that flirted with me. 
In high school I was too shy so I never said anything. Always regretted it deeply. 
Had like 2 dozen chicks flirt with me, but I never felt the hots for any but her. She was in a long term relationship which is over now.. but she also gives me slutty vibes.. and I hate that shit. She likes going to clubs. I hate that shit so much to the point that even if we magically met in real life and she asked me out, I'd reject her just from that aspect alone. 
I don't get it though.
Why the flying fuck is my brain still attached to her even though hotter people flirted with me? Why can I not fall in love with anyone else? I'd give her an 8 or 9 out of 10 in terms of looks and that's mostly because she happens to have the kind of look I like, but I've had objective 10/10s flirt with me and nothing. I felt NOTHING. Not even the tiniest of interest. 
PART 1
Bottom for part 2
PART 2
Why the fuck can't I get her out of my head? Even now there is another chick that fits my personality better and she's flirting with me right now. She is PERFECT for me in every way and yet I feel 0 attraction. My brain keeps focusing on my crush I had since 14. Clearly she doesn't think about me and doesn't have my moral compass, so why can't my brain do the same? Why the hell can't I move on? This shit is torturing me to the point where I grip my chest (my heart) and it's making me suicidal. My heart actually aches every fucking day for years. 
Clearly the issue isn't a lack of women that find me attractive. Why her? Why doesn't it stop? Her personality isn't even my type. I mean sort of. We had chemistry when we talked... and that's rare as hell for me.. but her moral compass itself is not aligned with mine. I know women are supposed to be guided, but she's too gone for that. I fucked up by not saying anything all those years ago. Help me get her out of my head. I can't get married and live a normal life so long as this issue persists. I let so many women pass by that could potentially be wife material all because of my obsession with this one person. 
A part of me wants to ask her out just to get rejected so I can get 100% closure, but ironically I'm worried she'll actually accept. I'm so conflicted. Idk how to explain it, but it almost feels predestined. It almost feels like I'm supposed to be with her. Like life itself will not ALLOW me to be with anyone else. 
This is not healthy. I want to live a normal life and get married already. I can't have these fucking thoughts or else it will doom future relationships.
just ask her out. best case scenario you're romeo and juliet, worst case scenario you get it of your head by having at least tried
You faggot redditor, you gotta make it into a greentext or no one will read your novel fanfic. Just type it out and put it into gpt and ask it to make it into a green text like this faggot
retard, just try it out
That looks worse lmao
I understand what how you feel. Maybe it's just a problem of having separated brains with one understanding risk management and making good decisions and the other is just animalistic and follows nature. Of course since this feeling is an unrational animalistic one you can't shake it so you have two options. Follow your instincts and invite the problems in your life which you know will go wrong but at least you will get it out of your system, or get with the girl you know you should be with and just let yourself become attracted to her as she takes over more and more of your life. 
If I were you I'd get it out of my system and out of curiosity see what has me feeling in such a way. If 10s have flirted with you in the past there's nothing stopping them from doing so in the future after you get this slut out of your system and you understand your animalistic nature. Just understand and accept that rationally you are wasting your limited time on this planet.
Sadly this makes perfect sense. It's my damn animalistic side getting in the way of my logical side and I do think I need to put myself in the way of torture to get proper closure.
best case is double suicide. ok
