Do women have any other fetishes other than fucking rape
yeah i like to get beat up
Cucking
I mean where I cuck another woman
some of them like to kick men in the balls
Hey, non sexual violence is hot too
Also:
Cuckquean for chad 
Yandere men
Reverse harem
And a few more for sure, but yes, most fantasies lean heavily on rape
Very violent ones, typically. You'd be surprised how many girls are into guro.
tfw my kink is unironically being cuddled and held
what kind of woman would you like to cuckold
yeah they love huge cocks as well.
If you are smol it's a good kink, tfw no 150cm gf that I can pick up.
The kind that love you unconditionally and get heartbroken when you do it
yeah just being beat up badly like >>73026244 said. i'm a really big masochist i want someone to really hurt me, no limits, not listening when i say it's too much and beg them to stop. but i need to be taken care of after and have them really like me
Do you get off to dominating the cuckquean the most, like with her bf just being a tool for achieving the purpose?
The more attractive/more in love/more successful the better. I've only done it once but it was my hottest experience.
My dream fantasy is like, primitive times, killing a woman and her children to have her man myself.
wtf ur so based (except the last part i literally need to be treated like shit)
THISSSS HNNNNG but without the
i need to be taken care of after and have them really like me
bully victims who seriously need to lose weight
No, women are gross and often disappointing.
damn girl that's hardcore. I sometimes feel like most women are like that towards other women though, just trying to destroy them
I prefer the passive hurt she gets from it, the anguish and pain she has to deal with herself rather than what I may do to her. Dominating is still good tho
More or less. I am not actually like that towards other women but I deeply desire it
Trying to entrap men in an abuse case in court so you can get free attention, victim hood status and compensation.
Don't fall for it boys, these demons know they're one phone call and one sentence away from locking you up on a whim.
What do you have that makes you feel proud/superior to other women? For example I chatted with a girl who had this kink that liked titmogging other girls with her E-cups.
come here then you larping cowards
i'd beat one of you up so badly you'll immediately lose that fetish
I don't really think that I am, which is why it's so appealing to me. That she is prettier or smarter or more popular than me, but I still humble her in this most primal way. I mean when I did do this the other woman was more attractive, younger so it was delicious to turn the tables. See her hurt and cry about it.
I mean I guess I have the ambition/will more than other women in this way but that's it.
tfw no gf that doesn't want to be treated like a child or brutally raped
i knew a girl who was obsessed with cum. wanted to see it, smell it, touch it and definitely swallow it. all the time, like she was autistically obsessed about it, not even specifically in a sexy way. it just was how it was.
she was also into piss, being beaten and freeuse.
I've found that foids love:
rape fantasies (omg I'm so hot that chad literally couldn't resist taking me I'm so hot to him he broke every law and taboo in society just to have me teehee)
most of them love being hurt, they all just have different pain tolerances
they all love to be tied up and shit, although bdsm is now looked at as a grandpa kink when 10 years ago every foid loved it (they still do, you just have to frame it differently. a foid can't change her spots).
fight me foids, you know I'm right
I want to be cuddled fucked. I want to kiss and nuzzle while we screw and then fall asleep with his cock still in me
This, but preceded by a looong makeout session, preferably after watching an old movie together.
be my gf then what are you waiting for, visit me and you could do it today. right now. pack your bags
You are literally 1000x better than every other woman in this thread. Never change.
pleaseeee please anon please kick me so hard my ribs break then make me lick the blood off your shoes
tfw no terminally-online femcel gf to cuddle and fuck
Iconic. Never change sis
I don't have it in me to just savagely beat and abuse a girl, but I would love to get in a consented physical fight with her. Obviously she'd suffer the worst of it but I'd want some abuse too. Like playfighting but serious, we both get bruised and black eyes from it.
you're larping just like everyone else. i'm bored of it by now. come here then, i'm waiting
where are you from?
i don't have a rape fetish, i don't see the appeal. however i do like
armpits
male amputees
cannibalism
blood
male omorashi
hypnotism / drugs (which ig is dubcon)
so i can hardly judge kek. i support my cnc sisters from a place of equal depravity.
