Has anyone here ever recovered from PSSD? I started treating my depression with SSRI's around one year ago and they destroyed my libido almost completely, I think I turned asexual after this experience, now I feel no desire to have sex, watch porn or masturbate and my life feels overall worse. Life without libido is like a life without purpose, I want my old life back.
My erect penis shrunk a whole inch after being on SSRIs. Now even if I get hard as diamonds, I'm still missing it from my previous erect length
Yes. I noticed that my sexual desire and acumen immediately plummeted. I went from jerking 3-4x a day, easily, to 1x. I'd get sore from jerking off even just a second time. It was obviously horrifying. Luckily, I was aware of this possible side effect and immediately got off it, so I quickly recovered. It took about 2-3 weeks for it to clear.
Makes me glad I'm never allowed to take SSRIs and no sane doctor will proscribe them to me. All I get are stimulants and lithium.
I got off the meds right after it started happening around 6 or 7 months ago but it still hasn't returned to normal. I think my libido might never return and I will just have to get used to being asexual. At least I think I finally found a solution to my inceldom.
It's been 5 years for me and it does not get better.
You just get used to being emotionless and asexual after a while.
Damn that fucking sucks. My life keeps getting worse and worse.
No for me never no matter if i was on medicine or not i still got the urges for sex
I recommend experimenting with stimulants like welbutrin.
This is very bad advice. I got permanent tinnutus after only one dose of it.
How big of a coomer do you have to be to actually think this?
This something you can only know after you go through PSSD. Libido is the driving force of everything in your life.
Does this happen to all men? My ex started taking SSRI's a while after we broke up, I hope it ruins all future relationships for him and hes left always thinking of the attraction he had to me both emotionally and physically.
Does porn do anything for you or not anymore? Just curious
I DO have PSSD. I was on SSRIs for a few years a while back. I've also noticed my libido pretty much shoot down to near extinction levels also, but I'm not bitching and crying about it because losing it is a blessing in disguise. I no longer have to put up with the constant desire and lust for stupid whores and what not.
It doesn't do anything for me anymore. I can watch it for hours without getting aroused.
And are you still on SSRIs?
No I stopped taking them almost an year ago.
Dont know if itll help but maybe try doing things that increase natural testosterone. Exercise is the main one. Eating food high in protein and fat (saturated fats, omegas.) and taking a multivitamin can also help bring that up. And drink lots of water. Cut the sugar out too
Then why do I feel worse now? At some point I thought being chemically castrated would be a good idea just to stop going through the pain of lusting after women and never being able to get them but now that I'm asexual I don't feel anything at all, at least before I could feel some enjoyment by masturbating.
do SNRIs do this?
Not sure, maybe it's some other underlying issue? Depression? I'm the furthest thing from a doctor so I couldn't tell you.
