been living like a NEET for the past 3 years of my life and it couldn't be worse, while i was at school i at least had 1 or 2 people to somewhat talk to, when that ended i lost contact with 'em, been alone ever since, no one to talk to, inside my room for most of the time doing nothing just watching as life goes by from my own hands, "oh but you just have to get clean shaven etc etc" yeah i've done that before, people just view me as weird, most were very vocal about it, idk what i'm doing that's so weird, i don't talk about any of my interests with anyone, i just spew the same stuff everyone says and i still get treated like an outcast, wtf is wrong with me, life couldn't be worse that what it is right now, i'm fighting the urge to blow my head off everyday
(put the anime pic mostly for aesthetic cause i don't even watch anime)
Loneliness sucks, but it's better than dealing with people and their horrific bullshit.
put the anime pic mostly for aesthetic cause i don't even watch anime
really sums up r9k in 2022 innit
3 years
You'll get over it
8 years here
This
You remove a significant amount of problems by not getting tied up with others
i would enjoy at least 1 person to talk to yk, being just me and myself all the time isn't the best of times
11 years and I'm not over it, except I kinda am. Honestly, I think I'm just fundamentally broken. I know I'll be miserable and angry no matter what I do or who enters my life. Some people have been really good to me when I didn't deserve it as I sit here rotting and I still fuck it up by being a black hole of charisma and pushing them away. I don't know what would make me want to do anything but sleep every day away, if there's anything at all.
Hang in there anon, the way out is through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqYNKkp6R9M [Embed]
you really just said all the things i couldn't say, god when will it change
I'm supposed to be on disability since childhood, but I was deemed "unworthy" by the social security administration, both since childhood and since 2014.
Since then, I took it personally and was forced to the real world.
The real world fucking hates me and I haven't done shit to it.
I tried getting a psyche doc, but realize this means I have to maintain contact with her over and over, and I might not even get the diagnosis anyway even though I'm clinically fucking retarded and got issues literally. I even have Parkinson's diagnosed now, and still fucking nothing.
I'd do anything short of eating my own shit and painting walls with it to get on fucking Social Security disability at the max numbers. The job market is dismal, nobody is hiring even for shit mcjobs or graveyard warehouse jobs, networking has gotten much harder, I'm basically like a dinosaur in front of people in that I'm easy to see from a whole crowd, and easy to not hire.
Let's fucking switch, you take my collapsing world, and I enjoy being the nasty stinky happy couch potato for once who finally doesn't have to self medicate with alcohol or 3+ energy drinks a day.
i wasn't expecting such a good song here lol, is that from a game or something??
I spent 3 years as a NEET until my parents made me get a job. Now I have a job where I do nothing all day. I'm just a NEET except I can't be in my room and I wear a suit all day. Still not socializing with anyone, still don't feel like a human.
And yes, I was the guy in school that people joked about being a potential school shooter.
nah, just some fire metal i've recently discovered
7 years here. by year 6 you finally fully adapt to the loneliness. at that point it really depends on how creative you are. theres plenty of vidya game servers you can join. youll stay so long as you arent an argumentive autistic faggot like 95% of 4chan
i was called a shooter, and ugly, and cringe, and unhygienic, and weird....
dude, a thing i learned while i was still very young was that my problem doesn't dismiss yours, like, you're going trough some real tough times, way worse than me, but just because of that it doesn't mean that my problem isn't a problem anymore lol
from the bottom of my heart, i truly hope things get better for you.
Thats the world we live in and the sooner you realize it the better. Our generation is the first generation to have any kind of normal social life ripped away from them because of social media programming. If you were born 20 years earlier you would have a normal social life
people faked being my friends just to escape getting killed on my "killing spree" lol, i was honetly hoping for someone else to shoot up the school, just to see their faces when i was just a normal guy or something lol
Get a neet r9k wife silly
i doubt a r9k neet wife would like talking to me lmao, most online people i met ditch me after a week or two lol
honestly probably pretty true, but if that's all you'd need to make your neet life bearable for you then why not give it your all to atleast try. Doubting yourself in a situation like that is the #1 way to guarantee it never happens.
if youre in california i'll hang out with you. we could smoke weed or drink or stay sober whatever
just be warned i'm neet and not really nice, i'll be pretty blunt so you might hate me
don't ask me, ask god or buddha or what have you
i'm really far from california lol, thanks for the offer tho lol, i'll think abt it whenever i actually go to the United States of America.
"at least try" my brother, i don't even know where to begin !
Well first get yourself to a state that you feel confident in. Accept who you are in the current moment, but still strive to become better. Once you feel comfortable in who you are then you can really start.
Why do people ditch you?
What does being a NEET have to do with being alone or miserable? Why does being alone have to be depressing?
My NEET life is fairly comfy. I'm just doing whatever I want until I run out of money and have to shoot myself. It does get a bit lonely though
i have absolutely no idea, one day they just disappear for no reason at all, like, we could be talking today then tomorrow you just stop messaging me, without me saying anything to you that could lead to that.
people just think i'm boring i guess
As a schizoid I second this question. Why would want to be around other people? Have you met them? Most people are shit.
https://youtu.be/qqK1FrO3BdM [Embed]
i wanna be around people cause i don't like being lonely lol
Thats unfortunate anon, have you considered ceasing your desire for human interaction?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rj3IbZV_YQM [Embed]
I listened to this song on acid and it unironically changed my life
don't think i'll ever do desu
why did it add a "desu" at the end wtf i didn't type that lmao
Why don't you go do things? I'm a NEET and I just built a fence for my mom's house and now I'm building a table. Never got how people can just sit in their room. Learn skills and use them at home.
i'm not really into doing drugs iykwim lol
newfag detected desu senpai
Yeah, I used to be a bit of a druggo in high school but eventually got scared away from it. Definitely wouldn't recommend it.
people don't really give me a chance to do anything, i'm treated like an "outcast" even by own family lol, like, they don't even wanna talk to me, they treat me like the basement child from one of those 80's horror movies lol, even tho i didn't do anything at all
people don't really give me a chance to do anything
What does this even mean? Just go outside and start doing it. You don't need permission to do things, you aren't a child lmao
move out. your fqmily will hinder you for the next 10+ years. you have to move out and become independent. just get roommates if you cant afford the rent, and work at mcgoyslop. it wont be as comfortable but you'll grow 100x faster as a person
" just go outside and do it" 
do what??? do you really think i haven't tried being social b4 lmao
This is really bad advice. Renting is a massive waste of money and working is a massive waste of time. OP is basically retired right now, he can do whatever he wants. He's just too scared to do any of it.
i think he's telling you to go outside and start hammering a picket fence together
What? I didn't tell you to be social, socializing sucks and is a waste of time. Isn't there something you want to learn how to do? Make art, ride a skateboard, learn how to build things, etc? Go do that. You can easily dump 10 years into a niche hobby and become an expert at something cool if you have the right kind of NEET setup.
It doesn't matter what people think or "allow" you to do. Do whatever the fuck you want. I'm sure people think I'm a disgusting bastard but I don't give a fuck, I do whatever brings me pleasure. At the end of the day, nobody but you actually matters.
i think he's telling you to go outside and start hammering a picket fence together
No, don't do that, use screws. That's the whole reason I had to build one in the first place, the last guy used nails and it fell apart in 10 years.
not the guy you replied to but personally i like going to the gym, the productiveness of which is debatable but at least if anyone talks shit you can break their fucking jaw
The NEET life isn't for everyone. To me it's literally the only way to feel happiness. I can get lost in the internet forever, I am perfectly content with spending 16 hours a day on a computer for the rest of my life. I tried working before, I lasted three months at a stocking job before having a mental breakdown and walking out on the job.
i'm not really a fencing guy but 10 years sounds pretty good for a bad job lmao
Yeah you'd think but then 10 years fly by and you've got a piece of shit in your yard that's falling apart, it sucks. Mine will last 30 I hope.
I am perfectly content with spending 16 hours a day on a computer for the rest of my life
That's what I thought through my teens and early twenties. Something snapped at 25, I don't know. There's nothing my brain will let me comitt to all day anymore, I just mentally check out after a few hours of something and I stare at the wall asking myself "now what" because I have to kill another 10 hours before I can sleep. God, I wish I could just sleep for like 48 hours at a time.
that's the thing i don't know what i want, i'm lost as fuck rn
What are some of ur interests?
Just watch youtube videos until you find something that looks cool that you wanna do. Then learn how to do it. Learning takes a fucklong time so you'll never be bored again.
Now I have a job where I do nothing all day
Where can I get these kind of jobs?
It's very true, the neet lifestyle is fucking terrible, and the vast majority of people neetposting are huffing very potent copium. 
I was a neet for 2 years in the past, and have been one for over 2 years now, so 4+ years in total. It's fucking terrible, especially in your 20s when you're watching prime life pass you by. I need to move out asap. 
I honestly think many robots massively underestimate how mentally ill they are and how much of an issue their mentality is and who they talk to online. This place reinforces people worst traits in that it reinforces the behaviors which lead to isolation and misery. 'Normies', 'comfy neet' all that bullshit makes you feel like you have a sense of belonging being a neet loser, but it also keeps you in a loser mindset since you don't want to leave that sense of belo0nging for the unknown. R9k is a bandage for outcasts, that when kept on for too long becomes the source of the infection itself.
i'm trying to learn how to do pixel art i guess
He can move back with mommy anytime. Personally I'll never do that, I'd rather pay rent
at school i at least had 1 or 2 people to somewhat talk to
Stopped reading there. Dumb fucking failed normalscum like you need to leave. Real robots hate other people. Even if they get lonely its always better than subjecting themselves to social interaction. Cope, sneed and fuck off.
i couldn't tell you even if i tried, i have no idea of what i truly like
Kill yourself NOW! Thank you
realest mf on 4chan
I'm a 21 year old NEET with my own place and I'm comfy as fuck as long as I've got booze. I'm well aware of how mentally ill I am but I don't really give a fuck. There is no "prime life", it's all the same shit.
Im sure theres something you like!! Is this possibly a reason for people ditching you?
It's been 18 months for me
I house sat for a relative recently who lives in the countryside and it was the best 2 weeks of the last 5 years. The only thing that sucks about being a NEET is having to deal with family. Constantly trying to push me to get a job or whatever. I probably will in the next 12 months; I want to get a skill, buy land and be self sustaining, but I don't want a career and I don't give a fuck about women. I just want a dog and a big garden.
I guess I'm just built different.
So get good at that. Learn, practice, and post your art for others to critique. Schedule your day around it, and have projects in mind that you intend to work on. If you can do all that, congratulations: you're an artist!
You can also learn other things, that's just an example. The point is to find something and do it.
i have no idea of what i truly like
There's your problem
Man how do NEETs even live without a source of income? Genuinely curious
with my own place
I would be significantly less miserable if I could actually rot in peace and not have to either blast music 24/7 or be forced to listen to people talking all day.
Same as they did when they were kids, for the most part.
Savings, interest, and occasional part-time jobs between NEETing sessions
anyone who doesnt enjoy being a neet does not belong here
or maybe i dont belong here anymore...
i'm a huge nerd ig, i can talk abt tech stuff for hours on end (if i had someone to talk to), and video games too ig
Disability, parents. or they're hobos.
SEE. Im proud of you, you can list SOME interests at least. I was sure there was something u could list down. What kind of tech stuff? Are you into like, pc parts? Video games are always fun af to talk about. Do you like fps games?
What job did you get? Sounds comfy.
I feel you. Worked all through my teens to mid 20s. Worked contract jobs since and I always enjoy just being in bed on my laptop all day.
If I have to get a job I'm totally fine with it being a low status job as long as it's a job that's low stress.
with my own place 
That makes a huge difference itt and is a luxury most neets can't afford. The worst part about being a neet in your 20s is that you're usually socially isolated in the suburbs surrounded by people who are 40+ and kids, there is no one your age to socialize with. I don't even have a car. 
In other words, being a neet doesn't suck because you aren't working, being a neet sucks because of the social isolation, especially form people your age, and especially from romantic interests.
being a neet sucks because of the social isolation, especially form people your age, and especially from romantic interests.
I found that this is mostly a meme. People in general are disgusting but especially people my age (millennials). This includes women and twinks, so romantic interests are out too. I was a NEET and eventually left the house but I found I hadn't missed out on much.
any kind of tech stuff lol, from how the old nasa computer worked to how a radio actually functions, and pc parts too for obvious reasons lol
also a huuuuuge fan of Hotline Miami (idk what category that is) but i do like all kinds of games
I found that this is mostly a meme. People in general are disgusting but especially people my age (millennials). This includes women and twinks, so romantic interests are out too. I was a NEET and eventually left the house but I found I hadn't missed out on much.
I mean that's fair enough and tfwnogf posting seems to have died down a lot here, and I was kind of part of that subculture within r9k. I think for me and many other robots, ironcially the main cause of our suffering is our social isolation, which this place simultaneously salves and reinforces. Online 'relationships', especially with strangers, is far from a replacement for real relationships irl.
The worst part about being a neet in your 20s is that you're usually socially isolated
Yeah, that part fucks me up. I don't have a car either so I effectively have no chance of getting a gf. The only reason I have a place to live is because I inherited my childhood house. At the end of the day, I still feel like a teenaged fucktard.
Hmm you sound like an interesting individual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvURkiywtL8 [Embed]
So many people in this thread bitching about muh 'social isolation'. Ask yourself why do you THINK you need social anything? Why do you think that will fix anything in your fucked up little head? You think you'll make a friend one day or get a girlfriend and everything will be all sunshine and rainbows fuck no bitch. You will suffer. You will suffer until you become wise because wisdom comes from suffering. One day you will have the wisdom to know that all of your suffering comes from within and that until you know yourself, and know your suffering, you will never know the world.
Yeah, that part fucks me up. I don't have a car either so I effectively have no chance of getting a gf. The only reason I have a place to live is because I inherited my childhood house. At the end of the day, I still feel like a teenaged fucktard.
Yeah I feel that, it sucks. I'm almost in my late 20s at this point, so gl getting a gf w/o a care at my age, let alone since I still live with my parents. I used to think I was getting away with something amazing, living like a perpetual 16 y/o gaming all day with no responsibility. Turns out the joke was on me the whole time. Sure having a job sucks, but if I get a gf, a social life, my own place, car etc. out of it, then it sure as hell beats whatever shell of an existence I've had for the last 10+ years.
I have a double digit iq, I will never be anything approaching wise.
celldweller
Is it 2012 again? God, I wish.
is that a good thing? if so, thanks lol
Yes! :) No problem. I guess the only reason people ditch you is because their interests are just not aligned with yours. Dont think that you are boring anon
Ah yes, a cultured gentlemen. What a world it would be if we all possessed time travel abilities.
idk man, people seem to get "annoyed" when i talk abt stuff that i like, and seem to get "annoyed" when i don't lol
(using annoyed bcause i don't have any other word to describe it, they don't really say anything when they disappear, most i ever got from me talking abt what i like was a solid "i don't care" lol)
Do you try to engage in the interests of others as well?
wtf is wrong with me
You're supposed to have a job, hanging out with coworkers from said job afterwork, and making friends with them. If coworkers ask you to go drink with them you fucking say yes
Sure having a job sucks, but if I get a gf, a social life, my own place, car etc. out of it, then it sure as hell beats whatever shell of an existence I've had for the last 10+ years.
For me, having a job was cool until it suddenly wasn't. Never got a gf, car, or social life. I didn't make enough to get my own apartment or anything, just put my shit ass paychecks into a savings account. Eventually I quit and then one of my parents blew their fuckin brains out and here I am now. Hopefully it turns out better for you.
always, i mostly try to hear abt their interests instead of talking abt me randomly, if that makes any sense
and don't fucking forget to paint your face with the fakest of facades to facilitate the facetious familiarizing facets of fakeness with your "friends". 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVI6c0TlM2g [Embed]
Wow, thats surprising. I like when people are willing to hear about the interests of others. Do you like rhythm games ?
people literally don't like me lmao, i don't think that would work out the way you think it would
Yeah the shit pay of jobs now and high cost of living is a huge cause of the social isolation, if you can't get any of the good parts of having a job like car/your own place/gf etc. form having one, then obviously people while just start neeting. 
Sorry to hear about your parent, the world can be cruel. I'm sure things will turn around for you eventually, but I'd focus on making social connections, especially irl to be happier. I don't know much about your life circumstances, but if you live in the suburbs like me surrounded by 40+ y/o parents and kids, then it'd probably be a good idea to move to a city to meet people your age.
kinda? i was really into guitar hero a few years ago, tried playing osu but i'm not very good with the clicky clicky thing, taiko was pretty good too lol
Making friends with normies actually isn't hard if you can gauge your audience. I don't talk about anime or vidya with coworkers because they wouldn't know wtf I'm talking about, but I unironically have been getting along with them from making racist and sexist jokes.
It's actually really weird. I literally just repeat slurs I've heard from spending a fucking decade browsing chans and they apparently haven't heard them before and think I'm funny and original. I called an asian girl a cock sleeve today which I thought was a known term and they all acted surprised and started laughing
Taiko is fun desu. You should try fnf :) Lmao [clicky clicky] thing is a funny way of describing it. Ngl osu isnt my thing either. Im gettin pretty sleepy tho so gn anon, it was nice talking to u!!
tried fnf, not really my kind of thing lol.
have a good night dude, until we meet again ig
Also to be fair the coworkers I'm referring to are a bunch of Mexicans. I'm white but I'd hesitate to pull these kind of jokes in front of other whites
Actually one more question. I was gonna fall asleep but wanna ask, do u play valorant or apex?
i tried valorant b4, also wasn't my kind of thing lol
but i never really tried apex
fun fact, mexicans are racist against blacks as much as white people, use that information however you will
any latino is lmao
Nooo but valorant becomes funn
It's pretty true. I actually brought up to him how all mexicans either act really black or are really racist and he went "WTF HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?" "WE ONLY TALK ABOUT THAT IN SPANISH WTF???" and we laughed about it
it might be fun when not playing alone lol
We should play forreaal
what's ur discord name thing
Hell is other people.
Once you learn this life becomes much easier.
viva la raza ese
The NEET life is fucking horrible
then the neet life didnt choose you
because thats how it goes
you dont choose the neet life
the neet life chooses you
you arent about that life
Can u just gimme ur riot tag?
i kinda of uninstalled valorant a while ago, with everything from riot...
Aw.. id give u my discord tag but id hate to put it in a public thread
damn, Noob09#1470
red flag desu
yeah, but any interaction is good interaction i guess
This. I basically can fully tolerate doing nothing but shitposting on the internet all day, playing games or watching videos. Does it get old at times? I mean kinda? But its still the most entertaining thing I can think of doing. Even if I get bored of games in less than an hour and mindlessly scroll or just walk around my house or outside then come back its good again.
But I really don't get lonely, probably because of major schizoid tendencies.
What actually sucks is wageslavery, that shit is true hell. Some people get some sort of "fulfillment" out of it or whatever. Not me, I was counting down the hours and minutes. Every interaction with a boss was miserable. Just nonstop drip feed torture for 5 days a weekmy god how do they do it.
im a neet, i ghosted all of my friends and distanced myself from all of my relatives, i have alcoholic parents who shout and argue every night, i live in poverty and am glued to my phone all day, coping with severe escapism
and yet i feel fine. i still have my dreams and try to be a kind person online. online world is so comfy, tons of fun people and i love sharing my art and making silly memes to make others laugh. 
if only the real world could be like this, i know all i need to do is a phone call and i could get started with an entry level job, like carrying boxes around and stuff, but im too scared. im not the same offline, i dont feel comfortable with humans offline. i feel like a failure for being unable to do the most mundane thing such as making a simple phone call even though i understand that it could change my life for the better.
same for the most part, except for the alcoholic parents part, mine are divorced lol (and change phone to computer)
NEETdom used to be enjoyable. Nowadays I don't even enjoy escapism. am I a failed normie?
i just noticed that it sent it wrong for some reason Noob09#1470 (if this also doesn't work, the "09" is supposed to be small lol) [also was not born in 2009]
yeah 4chan really doesn't want me to do that huh
this is how it's supposed to look like lol
The NEET life is fucking Amazing, and I've been NEET for almost 10 years.
You seem really cool man, hope you find all the friends you're looking for. Never played hotline Miami but I've played Payday 2 a bunch and can't wait to try that game out someday. Mind if I add you too?
Never played hotline Miami
Goes on sale for $1.50 pretty often and is easily beatable in one sitting, you should try it. Good headphones and a willingness to give yourself tinnitus are required thoughever. Not him btw.
go for it dude, i've been playing my fair share of payday 2 too lol (exactly 100 hours haha)
"easily beatable" biggest lie on 4chan lmao
he should still play it tho, best rage i've experienced so far
It's like maybe 5 hours long if you're really, really bad. Closer to 3 or 4 if you have any sense of pattern recognition.
yeah sure, i tried getting some random guy to start playing that and the dude couldn't even get past the second level
80% of meets love off family members. I would recommend it though unless you come from a.well off family.
Being NEET leeching off your parents from a working class background will strain your relationship with them
Reading this and I realise "The thug life chose me" is meant to sound depressing.
Yes, it do be like that.
You don't choose that shit.
You're just born into it and then figure out how to deal with it.
Damn, this is kinda me 13 years ago
you dont even know how I as a wagecuck envy you
