You never see a black man posed up with a high class white girl like that where she is proudly displaying him om her social media
I am tired of being the white woman's dead last choice and I'm sick of you NEGROS being okay with it. Now this isn't an attack on asian men. You guys did what we've been trying to do for centuries by conquering white women, but this thread is specifically targeting these so called black men who sit up here and brag about being the race of men that white women are the least proud to claim.
I AM TIRED OF BEING DEAD LAST IN THE EYES OF WHITE WOMEN!!!!!!! I can sit around and work on myself all day. I can become the perfect black man, but what on earth does that mean when my skin color takes away from my reputation from the start; meaning, how am are white women truly supposed to be proud of being claimed by me if you stupid ass lazy negros keep giving me a bad name.
I don't know why I'm ranting, it's not like black men have any desire to step up soon so I will just live vicariously through the asian man who has accomplished easily what black men falsely claim to have accomplished themselves. They conquered the entirely of Gen z white women.
Every girls first choice is a Korean man. JBK is law.
That goes without saying, respect.
Dont worry blackbro, you can make it.
The problem with black men is that they're virile to a fault; they simply work against their own branding by copulating with literally any white female. The Korean Bvll, I must admit, is simply more sexually intelligent, mating with only the top 5% of white women. If we were to compare the two pedagogy of Bvlls to popular shopping enterprises, black men are to Walmart what Korean men are to Target. Note that both pedagogy play an important role in the breeding of white women, as do the aforementioned in supplying American households with goods.
the korean ragebait anon is posting posts where he pretends to be a black man and people are actually falling for it
this board is going to shit
I'm trying to get there bro
This is a big part of it, it annoys me also because I'm not one of those guys, like literal grandma's will come up to me acting like they're entitled to some dick because some knucklehead decided he was gonna get "some of that ohat cottage cheese granny ass" lol shits crazy. But that's only part of it and it's not even the main thing, black men haven't really proven anything at least not to the level these asian dudes have. We don't captivate white women with our culture, looks, economic position, they look at us and see a potential big dick but not a man they truly value or lust for. We certainly don't have zoomers flying to Africa to fuck men wearing face paint so why pretend.
Stop trolling me when I ask for advice
Shut up nog. You have black women. Maybe if you have light skin you can get a Latina
Why is Stormy so mindbroken? Did a white guy or black guy fuck his asian crush again?
I can get white women I just want black men to be respected and universally loved and sexually craved for by white women the same way they do asian men.
blacks are behind the JBK posting
chinks are behind the BBC posting
By these metrics, pajeets are behind WMBF posting
women (especially white women) are used to black men acting very thirsty around them, this makes them predictable to some degree. what I suggest is trying to create more of a slow-burn situation if you find yourself liking a girl.
Whites are behind the BBC and BWC posting, dude. Check the file names.
Whites are behind all this shit they love it all.
We know dude. We always knew.
That is an asian hand...
Too much knuckle hair to be Asian.
knuckle hair
thats a Caucasian/asian trait isnt it
Blacks are typically hairless
You literally just need to thugmaxx. Seriously, even the high class preppy ivy league catholic school white girls would fuck a black guy if he could supply her coke.
I feel the same. It's because of other bad niggas that we aren't even regarded by white women as worthy mates
how do you know the race of posters in an anonymous forum
Because whites take all, especially asian women.
