can someone here help me find friends on this website?
what are you into anon? maybe it was fate for me to see your post today on /r9k/
im into compsci, ancient literature, bioscience, history and philosophy
What kind of person are you? Originally
i'm into compsci, i like literature and philosophy(existentialism, human nature) from the 18th to 19th century (mostly). interest in neuroscience. i haven't read much history directly, but i enjoy retracing things. i'm illiterate in reciting facts from x period.
match: 66%
stage 2:
where are you from, how old are you, what is your gender? if you were an elephant in a painting, what color would you be?
stage 3:
2 is USA, 21, male, pink
3 idk im not really sure im just a nice person who is agreeable
girly girlhood worldview lense kaleidoscope bright colors blissful colored socks t shirts with long sleeved underarms pink purple blue green yellow dainty gachapon pudding flip phone nokia barasui watashiya kidcore cunny displays even the exotic girl details with bright colors realistically tanned pale tanline skin neon or pink and baby blue bright green clothes bracelets skirts backpacks tamagotchis keychains based 2007 bliss flip phone cp candy hard kandy qt xyz jb dark lola watchmydaughter d4rkroomicu pink hard kandy kandy model plain HTTP hot pink forbidden vids website clickbait circlejerk leg warmers 80s gym one piece loliko cutter cutting cuck deities like furfur dxm and pcp for hellenics discordianism hegelian dialect analphabetics bahnsen world as will representation and philosophy of redemption the kabbah shamanistic dark buddhism reverse capricorn leprechaun mongolischen cryptic voodoo atlantan nigger behavior, im white and not a troon
denpadriller88#5484
What? Listing your interests and hobbies doesn't really give me a good idea into what kind of person you are. You can send me your tag if you want to chat.
netherlands but not dutch, turning 19, male
i speak some japanese. recently quit another career path for cs meaning i'm somewhat mediocre but my math is strong. your call. i don't speak to many people.
explain picrel?
i don't understand whois who by the way. are you op?
Are you the power guy? I tried to add you already.
I'm not OP, I was just responding to his weird post where he replied to me with "stage 3".
Are you more with Nitzsche or Schopenhauer?
/brd/ - Braindead found the thread lmao
Schopenhauer
i'm the person you tagged. i don't see any opposition in them, or find it fun to dickride. studied them and have my own resolutions.
bump original post nigger
