I don't enjoy anything in life, literally. It has been like this for around 4 or 5 years now. The last thing I enjoyed was reading books. Then there was literally nothing left.
I can't make any friend anymore because I literally don't enjoy anything so I have nothing to talk about. I can't even retreat to a virtual world in video games, because I find them utterly uninteresting.
I've tried tons of antidepressants and other psych meds, nothing works.
I don't have any dreams or ambitions anymore.
Life is over and I just need to kill myself at this point, right?
I have had the same thing but for 10 years. I do not even want any friends. I dont really care about changing it anymore either.
How can you be satisfied with that? I can't even distract myself, because I feel no pleasure.
The only "good" part of my life is when I'm asleep because then I don't think about anything.
having a more fluctuating life helps this. when you roll in real shit the little moments of joy feel that much better.
I am not satisfied. I am severely nihilistic as well. I am too afraid of intense pain to kill myself. Life is disgusting and people are rotten.
Do you know what anhedonia means you braindead normalfag
This is what the lack of a normal amount of sex at normal points in life will do to a guy.
I disagree with this. Most people seem to derive at least simple pleasure from some simple activities, and this makes their lives worthwhile enough for them.
But I don't even have that, fucking hell.
I've had occasions over the years, the thing is that I'm not even interested in that. I am totally indifferent.
They are like animals content to eat grass. I disagree heavily. I deeply hate other people.
yeah, and you're not gonna feel any joy if your life is a monotonous dredge of doing the same shit you've done over and over.
Please just leave the thread you do not seem to comprehend the phenomenon being discussed
Believe me, I've tried countless of activities and ways of lives. Nothing fucking works and I'm still completely indifferent. I don't know why I ended up like that.
I used to like things when I was young, to be excited by video games, to watch movies, to read a lot of books and like it.
Heck, I even had friends and partners. But now it is a blackhole.
Have you thought about trying a sport? Literally just force a dopamine release by moving your body, works 100% of the time in 100% of people.
Lifting weights or running are good ones
Now all thats left to do is to stop caring, theres your answer
I stopped caring in a similar situation. That does not make it much better I think. i would not even think to make this thread or ask about it though
I did, yes, I went regularily to a climbing gym months ago. At some point I just got bored with it and it has stayed like that. It only provided me a temporary "high" for a couple hours after exerting myself. It didn't lift my mood in any longer term.
Doesn't help that I have crippling anxiety too so going there and doing the sport was a fucking chore.
I'm afraid I wasn't part of that fullproof, 100% solution.
But I don't want this, I feel revolted about this. I don't want to kill myself either. Why am I like this? Why can't I just feel content doing something, anything?
As opposed to the back of shampoo bottles?
I'm so apathetic that I do read the back of shampoo bottles sometimes. My brain assigns it the same value as reading /r9k/ or wikipedia or an essay or an instruction manual.
I'm just fucked beyond relief now.
Read Ligotti I guess. Apart from that, I don't have a clue.
In a state of anhedonia, everything is revealed in its true purposelessness and inanity.
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die.
And NDErs talk about how the meaning of life is to learn to love and be kind and thrive here despite how hard it is in this world. So how is it going anon? &lt;3
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
I'm completely detached from anything, including myself and anyone around me. Doing anything just seems plain stupid, which in my opinion it ultimately is. This is the lesson of anhedonia, which is an eminently rational state.
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die.
And NDErs talk about how the meaning of life is to learn to love and be kind and thrive here despite how hard it is in this world. So how is it going anon? &lt;3
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
Also, have you tried ayahuasca? If not, google it and try it.
How is that kind of schizo ramble supposed to solve anything about my anhedonia?
And I've tried psilos heavy dose, frying my brain temporarily didn't change anything to my indifference.
I don't want to be rational, and I doubt I am much. Indifference is simply a complete absence of emotions, it isn't clarity of thoughts, as emotions and drive are essential for rational endeavour, in my opinion.
He's not arguing that anhedonia is a desirable state to be in. You don't get any rewards for periods of pure rationality: nothing is gained from the experience, except some ultimately useless knowledge about what it's like to be in that state.
Emotion only covers up the underlying meaninglessness of existence with fiction. Anhedonia is when you realise, in your gut, that it is all just a fiction. Seeing life, stark naked, is pure rationality. Not to endeavour at all is the only rational act there is.
Complete indifference and anhedonia is a disease of the mind that lacks any drive to act. Not some kind of realization that reason condones that nothing should be done.
