Why incels would rather a woman inexperienced in men, even if they aren't aware of it:
The woman expects sexual behavior similar in level to her previous partners. This includes shit like initiating sex, foreplay, everyday playfulness and not putting her on a pedestal. She will lose her shit if asked to expound on those things because now she assumess all men just know those things. She would rather jump to a vulcano than explain those things because it lessens her attraction.
Incels have learned to sexually repress themselves around women as well, so the interaction quikly becomes extremely frustrating.
Living this right now and its pure pain
Living this right now and its pure pain
I'm confused, are you the hole or the bf?
Doesnt matter. Its a shitty experience for both sides
Imagine caring about christcuck faggots in heaven
If I would be in bed with a guy, and he tries to fuck me like in a porn video, I would just kick him out of the bed. howdareyou.jpg
But with an shy, awkward guy, who is not rude and pushy, and really appreciates me, it might be nice. I think I will date only inexperienced guys.
He will make moves in awkward moments and swing between to meek, and completely over the top making you stressed and constantly alert
Not fun
You could assume that but mostly women try to tell you that you are fuckable, but they don't really do it in an attractive way, so they kind of end up sounding like a whore.
He will make moves in awkward moments and swing between to meek, and completely over the top making you stressed and constantly alert
nta, but I do admit that this isn't very fun. but I would say that inexperienced women are just as likely to not enjoy this, compared to experienced women. before I got together with my bf, I was a khhv, and I shortly dated an incel guy before him. I call him an incel because he was basically a virgin image-board using, anime-watching nazi. even if I was a virgin too, his behavior ended up being too unattractive for me to accept. it was kind of like this, some times he was very meek, and other times just over the top.
