be me, 8 years ago
in my teens 
sign up for deviantart
it's a shitshow, but at least there's good porn
one day I stumble on an artist
they fit my aesthetic and are incredibly charming to talk with
slowly fall in love with both them and the things they produce
become best friends, talking every day without fail
we celebrate each other's birthdays and even trade drawings, even though mine are shit 
she keeps encouraging me to improve
eventually, the pandemic hits and the virus comes to her area 
she says she has a cough but that it'll pass
it doesn't
she sends me messages saying that she's scared and they're putting her on a ventilator
that was the last I ever heard from her
didn't know any other of her friends so couldn't confirm her death 
time passes and I graduate uni
work is nice but I enjoy drawing more
stable diffusion comes out
art community is in an uproar
spend time learning how it works
even try training a few models
remember my friend
I still have her entire art portfolio
out of a morbid curiosity I prepare her entire life's work
meticulously tag each image
the results aren't that good
forget about it for a while
lora and lycoris comes out
figure that it's worth a try
spend 10 hours training a lora based off of their art style
try generating images with it
the results are so good that it's like she drew them
it hits me
i will never talk with her again
i will never be able to commission her
i will never hear her encouraging me
we will never obsess about our ocs again
i've done nothing but make a cruel imitation of what she poured her soul into
mfw she truly was my masterpiece, best quality, masterpiece
Bros, do the feels ever stop?
can you post some examples of her art and the AI's?
I nuked the folder after realizing my mistake, anon. It just hurt too much to look at.
mfw she truly was my masterpiece, best quality, masterpiece
yeah I would probably just kill myself personally
Bros, do the feels ever stop?
nope, not unless you yourself are willing to change, which isn't as ill-conceived as others may have convinced you in the past. that kind of rare occurrence you had is something too unique for one person to dwell on. in all reality? was she in college like yourself during covid and the cough? a lot of girls fall out of their drawing phase as they get older, unless you think...?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2wRtJ_0jTQ [Embed]
she was just starting college. a year or two older than me. our relationship was centered around her messaging me first in the morning, so I'm pretty sure she's gone. I don't think it's fair to assume otherwise. change is hard, and I didn't realize trying this would rip off the bandaid.
she was just starting college
well allow me to suggest some tobacco, alcohol, weed, and /mu/. i left for college in 2017 at 21 and my cat of 9 years disappeared. i'm 27 now and still like to believe he's out there just chillin somewhere, probably with a better family. there's so much you new kids don't know about that we older kids are just sitting around waiting to tell you about but you guys haven't come around just yet.
What a waste, beautiful things are meant ot be enjoyed.
and that's how someone died in vain instead of you glorifying their name. Coronavirus was caused intentionally by the chinese &amp; affiliates, top scientists etc. worldwide
they tried to recruit me as a physicist
yo op if u want some art, music, youtube vids, writing-look up Robert Soley on facebook-picture of a dog
it's the portal (it started openin up again
i might come back to it some day. for now I need the time to process these feels. you're right though. the Mona Lisa survived until now, but these AI imitations don't feel 100% like her.
died in vain
come on now, if i don't publish the model anonymously I'll just be inviting a mob of tards to smear me instead
dank je wel doktor
