Be my parents
Mom is a successful counselor whose main clients are rich divorced women 
Dad is a highly experienced botanist who specializes in crops
due to years working in the field(huh, field) he looks and acts just like a regular old farmer like the guy in pic except 10 times as tanned
Despite that is in a good, healthy relationship with my mother 
cut to yesterday, my birthday
Mom told us to go to the city she works in after work 
I went there first and wore some fancy clothes because I know something's up if my mom told us to go to the city in my birthday
Mom also dressed up nicely with a lot of jewelry 
turns mom had reserved a table at a famous restaurant in the city
It's literally the fanciest of fancy restaurants,with high prices and clearly rich patrons
wait for my father to come
He came
He is in his fucking sweaty farmer clothes and is covered in dirt
he didn't change after work
Speaks with a loud southern accent he learned from his farming buddies with excessive swearing
Mom seems okay with that but I want to bury myself in a hole
Everyone stared at our table uncomfortably during the entire dining experience
After we finished our meal, I urged mom to leave the venue asap but she winked and said there's a live band performance after this
The performers came in
tfw it's my favorite band
tfw they stared at my dad uncomfortably during the entire performance
tfw they stared at me uncomfortably too
I want to fucking kill myself right now......Why must my father pursue botany instead of some fancier FOS like I dunno law?
Lol. 
Yeah, fuck you. 
You are why I will never have chldren. 
Father actually provides food for society
Is probably a scientist
Probably more useful and smarter than 99% of the population.
Fucking retard woke daughter think you should have been a lawyer. 
Seriously fuck you. 
I hope you die in a fire.
Your father is happy with what he does, and he's successful with it, as well as having the good fortune to have a family, albeit an ungrateful son.
Not to mention the job he has is of actual importance, unlike your proffered law field.
You know not the fortune you were blessed with, and you're likely to throw it away on a fleeting delusion.
I have no advice, for your ears will be deaf to it. 
Go, and sleepwalk into the long night.
Why must my father pursue botany instead of some fancier FOS like I dunno law?
Because he's a socially retarded autist that would have died an incel if he was born a few years later.
Your dad is the walking dictionary definition of based and you should try to learn from his example.
provides food to society
secondhandly maybe, but he won't even give his crops to his own fucking family
daughter
There are no girls on r9k
Why don't you grow up and buy your dad a beer next time. You think your mom is going to pick you up when you're shit faced to take you home? You should know when to quit but even then somebody has to drag your dumbass home. Or out of public situations where you're probably going to get arrested.
my fucking dad just wore his fucking farmer clothes to a fancy restaurant and ruined my dining experience AND chance to meet my idols.Fuck you.Oh my fucking god this is so embarrassing
This grown ass man is gonna cry about both his parents being in his life and celebrating his birthday with him?
He showed up to support you being a little shit. Why don't you just marry a nigger and be a single mother?
Sneed you little faggot
my dad embarassed me by being a farmer waah
queer
He have some proper fucking clothes.At least change before coming god dammit
Not the mention the accent.This fucker can actually speak like a sophisticated gentleman if needed but he decided , guess what, let's speak like a drugged up Texan in one of the best restaurants in the fucking city, with his fucking child
has some proper fucking clothes* I was so mad that I made a fucking typo lmao
Your father worked harder than everyone involved in this story combined lol he can dress however he wants
Jesus fucking christ on a fucking cross. I feel bad for anyone that knows you personally. You're so fucking retarded you've turned it into an art that people expect you to be so fucking retarded they tolerate your bullshit.
Why don't you get out in the fields and learn a trade from your father you whiney ass? Maybe with his experience and guidance you could have a successful career and a fulfilling life instead of shit posting on r9k? Imagine actually having friends and a life instead of incel posting all day? Its right there for the taking anon, just stop being such a little faggot!!
mom came home from work groaning about the shitty karens she encountered every day.
Compared to that dad just farms everyday and be happy all the fucking time.
my mom alone works way harder than my dad despite having a job that's 'more comfortable'
I would honestly cut contact with him for acting like a faggot. You can't chose your parents but you can sure as hell tell them to fuck off.
Lmao bet he knocked on the back of your moms teeth with his cock that night. You guys are such insufferable little faggots I swear. What is your "fos?" Porn? Staying at home?
You're a complete fag if you "idolize" anyone, let alone musicians.
This is what we call a "botanist win". Sorry that you got owned OP
The performers came in
tfw it's my favorite band
tfw they stared at my dad uncomfortably during the entire performance
tfw they stared at me uncomfortably too
Like bands haven't seen a FICKTON worse than a man in work clothes
yeah, they've seen a farmer, just not in one of the fanciest restaurants in the town, as their listener, and not one that swears like a sailor
I mean if you want to get dressed up to go somewhere why don't you go to a church? It's a business he brought them a lot of business. The only embarrassment there is you.
98% of boomers would be incels if they were born in our time
OK, kid, since you are committed to the LARP.
Please give us the NAME and CITY of this venue so that we can learn about a place that, all at once
A) is a super fancy, very upscale restaurant that, 
B) *unlike every ACTUAL upscale restaurant I've ever visited* doesn't hace a dress code so that you literally can't get in without a tie and jacket, 
AND
C) has a live music venue that plays during meals where the band is close enough and amateur enough to openly stare at the customers.
If it is a REAL upscale place you can't doxx yourself by naming it because it will have hundred of visitors a week.
C'mon, kid - prove it wasn't a Hooters
the city my fucking mother works at
expecting me to give out that sort of information of 4 fucking chan
even someone like me knows that's not the best idea.Fuck off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wHjJUdN16k [Embed]
OP watched this vid and made the story up
The city my mother works in
Does the little town only have two offices and 4 women?
Do you have ANY FUCKING IDEA how many divorce counselors exist in any major metro?
You're a fucking liar and bad at it
Most boomers are incels right now, their wives surely aren't fucking them anymore.
you wish you were a successful scientist like your father lol he seems based
what if some fucking obsessed faggot, I.e.(you), go to said restaurant and requested for the reservation log? My actual, irl identity would be revealed and said fucker have a high chance just outright dox me out of spite since this is 4 fucking chan
I am not an idiot
Esl detected, Mexico? Or Spain?
I am not an idiot
you know, the jury is always out on that one but you might not want to put all your eggs in one basket
what if some fucking obsessed faggot, I.e.(you), go to said restaurant and requested for the reservation log?
This isn't some 1930's film noir in Berlin you doofus.
IF the company keeps a reservation log it is 
A) Digital
B) self-erases
C) encrypted
D) only available by warrant.
And cops would just check all the credit and debit cards used, not the fucking "reservation log".
Besides, DUMB FUCK, even if we had it was it registered to 
"Retarded Anon's Dirty Farmer Family"
moron
No idea what month or day it happened
need to steal a reservation log from a crummy restaurant
cross-index every name to every counselor in a major city
All to ID some LARPer
You're just a shitty liar
FAMOUS RESTAURANT
no dress code
Kek
You're the sort of middle-class peon that thinks wearing a polo and going to Red Lobster is a "special occasion", aren't you?
no idea what month or day it happened
YESTERDAY, MY BIRTHDAY
not going to give 4chan my personal info
Bait thread is bait.
has caring parents
probably wealthy life
still complains
I am unironically, not as a joke right now, on the other side of the United States. My dad died when I was 28, I barely had a relationship with him because I'm an r9k retard too, and here I am on a cross country trip to try and meet all his family members that he moved away, and cut contact from decades ago. Your dad hasn't even done anything wrong at all, you are just embarrassed about it because you're an overly soft and awkward teenager or whatever. If you were 25 and had to work full time for a living you wouldn't give a shit what all those lame normies at some event his wife dragged him to think anyways. 
Your dad sounds absolutely based OP, go fuck yourself. It's a shame that nobody ever cares about anyone else until it's too late and they are already dead. And that's not some secret ancient wisdom, everyone already knows that's how it works, and yet, absolutely nothing changes. 
My uncle, who I met for the very first time yesterday, it's literally a moonshine mixing hillbilly out in the rural mountains of Appalachia raising fighting roosters like fucking pokemon, pic related. This journey is changing my life, and I have to go on this literal irl quest which costs me a bunch of time and money just because I am desperately,desperately trying to find some closure and come to peace with the fact that my father is gone forever and I'll never be able to tell him anything or ask him anything ever again.
By the way. If anyone cares at all (probably not, but this was impactful to me, and I don't have any friends to talk about this trip with, so I'm gonna do it on r9k), if anyone wants any lonely old man hillbilly advice from my uncle who outlived his entire family and is now the last one in the generation. After drinking beer and moonshine and smoking like 6-7 joints rapid fire at his house, he looks me straight in the eye and gets all serious, pulls me away from the women that were attending this meeting, and told me "I want you to know God doesn't give a shit about any of us, and it's all a cruel dice roll". I already knew that, and again, it's not unique and profound ancient wisdom but... You guys had to be here. A lot of sad shit is going on for this lonely old robot.
You
My birthday is April 20th.
My father is a famous botanist specializing in crops
Mu mother is a counselor that focuses on divored women
Also you
IF I TOLD YOU THE RESTAURANT I WOULD GIVE AWAY PERSONAL INFORMATION!!!!!
Dad is a highly experienced botanist who specializes in crops who works on farms
botanist who specializes in crops
That's called an "Agronomist", kid.
If your dad was one, you'd know that.
lmaoing at so many triggered fucking yankee hicks
Why are you inbred genetic brainwashed poorfag so salty? Fuck you haha
famous 
he's just experienced.
. A lot of sad shit is going on for this lonely old robot.
I read your blog, want to talk more about it? Your uncle sounds like a real straight shooter and kind of cool in his own way. Did you really never meet any of them until now? Do you see any similarities in their personalities with your father or yourself? Maybe even physical as well?
You sound like Elliot Rodgers, unironically. Just like the "supreme Gentleman" he was.
Your dad is very lucky with your mom.
Also a reminder that he probably blew her back out later the sane night.
blew her back out later the sane night.
good for dad, still getting some.
Your blog post sounds fake
Hoping you come back anon, want to hear more from you.
maybe i should take up botany, it looks like a fun hobby so i can retreat from the world.
Spring is here my friend. You could probably purchase some seeds from the dollar store if you have any interest.
Your dad sounds cool and you sound lame. I would hang out with your dad and make fun of you with him.
tfw no sophisticated wife I embaress yet she still loves me
Your dad has it too good.
I've only ever met my father's mother twice growing up. Once as a sub 10 year old child and I don't remember at all, and once when I was like 14. Outside of that, I've never met any of my dad's family or heard about any of them. My dad's family was a bunch of redneck hicks from Mississippi and, as far as I can tell from what I've been piecing together since my father's death... 
My dad was born in 1952, the middle child of three boys
My dad was quiet and artistic, he played music and painted and drew all the time, he never told any of us he painted. He was the first one to take up being a hippy, which his older brother later copied (words from his mouth as of yesterday) and while everyone else in my dad's family was a criminal drug addict/alcoholic, my dad got in a motorcycle accident in his later teenage years, almost ripped his leg off (he's been able bodied my entire life), spent three years recovering in the hospital, then he hitchhiked up to the northern, coastal end of the country, studied nuclear physics and supported himself until he was drafted into Vietnam, where he had to serve on a nuclear submarine, and was again, pretty much scarred for life (my uncles were both dishonerably discharged for doing acid in Vietnam, my dad finished his service and left normally) and then went back up to the north, cut contact with his entire family and never spoke about them again 
So I grew up with my dad but we were very distant. My mom was the main disciplinary figure which may be part of why I'm a robot. My dad always, always provided for his family and was straight laced. I never saw him drunk, he ALMOST never raised his voice at any of us my entire life, and as I keep saying, basically never talked about himself or his origins or family. 
I got a call last year while at work that my mother found my dad facedown in the backyard between our chicken sheds, after going to feed them and put them away for the night. It's obviously fucked me up
I'm European. Imagine being triggered by farmers. We have farms in Europe you know
So your dad was some kind of unassuming genius? How did you even find your family and you couldn't get mom to go with you? Did they even know he was alive?
It's obviously fucked me up
I don't want to sound insensitive but why? You admit you guys were not close I'm they to understand why it shook you so much?
I'm just hoping to hear more of your story, anon.
ask yourself why your mom likes him, slut
My dad once imitated that stereotypically Asian face by pulling the sides of his eyes to make them narrow in a Chinese restaurant. It was mortifying.
You:
57 flavors of fag
Your dad:
kek'em and deflect'em
Every band out there has started or played in trash venues and swearing farmer is nice compared to literal whores puking on you.
Who is he supposed to be imitating?
Final bump before thread is archived oregano
Your mom babysits retarded hags while your dad provides for society. Fuck you.
I'm not close with my mom, the dad was the favorite parent. Also, my mom has a job and her own schedule, I wanted to do this alone because I don't think very much of my mother's side of the family and I didn't trust them to handle anything like this. I didn't even tell my mom I was flying down here. 
I was close with my dad in our own way. Just because he was very quiet didn't make him a bad man or a bad father. He was just stoic, which I respect immensely. He was quiet, I am quiet. A lot of our family has been growing up, cutting contact and moving away and never talking to anyone again. When enough people in your family do that for long enough it creates a lot of questions. I honestly feel in a way like I'm doing some kind of shitty, sad detective work. 
I will sporadically answer questions maybe but I lose service a lot here for long periods of time. I'm quite literally out in the middle of nowhere.
Also because, the nature of how my dad was and how he raised all of us. I hadn't spoken to him in months before his death. I feel like he raised me to feel like the best thing I can do for my parents is grow up, move out, provide for myself and be self sufficient. But now, I will never be able to tell him how I thought or felt about him or anything. He will never see the man I become. Which bothers me immensely because, as an adult I'm cool as fuck. As a young man I was a loser, but sadly, that's the kid I was towards the end of his life. He just barely, barely saw me start to get my shit together at the end. Like I said, nobody ever cares until people are dead, and then it's too late. Here I am now, all this time later, doing what I'm doing, and thinking about him every day, and truthfully I do not think my dad believed I even really gave a shit about him. I did, I always did. I just was living my life, trying to do my 20s on my own and be independent. Me not talking to him was a sign of respect, and me trying to get respect from him too. But now, he will never know. He never even told me his brother's name, never fucking talked about him. And here I am flying hundreds of miles to go talk to this mother fucker for the first time about my dad. 
My dad wasn't even 70. I feel unlucky to lose my dad at 28, but I know many many other people lose parents much earlier. It is what it is, unfortunate. God doesn't give a shit about any of us. My dad worked so hard, his entire life, came from nothing, was forced to serve his country in a mother fucking submarine, worked hard his entire life for kids that didn't really talk to him and a wife that was not that nice to him, and he died before he even retired. Was still working 6-7 days a week when he died, for literally no reason. He just kept choosing to do it to silently support all of us and make sure he had something to leave behind for his family.
So you have siblings? What do they think of it all, you going to see them and everything? 
You never answered my questions on any of the similarities you may spotted upon seeing your family.
Me not talking to him was a sign of respect
How is this a sign of respect? Do you think not saying I love you or hugging and kissing your parents are signs of affection?
days a week when he died, for literally no reason. He just kept choosing to do it to silently support all of us and make sure he had something to leave behind for his family.
Sounds like a dude who gave it his all for nothing in the end. I really pity the man, he was nothing but a work horse for his entire life.
Are you living with them, how long do you plan to stay?
Some people just don't know how lucky they have it.
Your father works harder because he has a more demanding job. Your mother comes home more miserable because of the company she keeps. Your father keeps company he enjoys. He is more wise.
Nice trips, and I hope things get better for you anon. It can be difficult to be alone in the world. While they're not your father, and won't have the same love for you, let me give you a piece of advice as a fellow old guy. Talk to old guys. Most of us will give you whatever wisdom or knowledge we have, for free even, because we know we should pass it on and it's so damn rare for young people to take an interest and it's not like we're doing anything better at the moment for the most part.
they're probably so embarrassed they never bothered to learn because eww farmer.
death is a weird thing to have happen in your life. a guy married into my family some 5 years ago, and recently died. we never really got along, but in his older age he started to mellow out. saw him get a terminal illness, waste away, then pass away.
he wasn't my father or anything close, as said earlier. but just knowing that he's gone, that there's no way to improve the relationship, that it's just... over with, is something still I grapple with. I don't really miss him or anything, it just makes me overthink on the concept of life and death and what it means for us as humans, our purpose of life, etc. etc. He could have such thoughts as these or more. It's very likely he simply wasn't emotionally ready for such an event.
God doesn't give a shit about any of us.
I would heavily disagree. It just so happens that shit happens. This anon had a father who oversaw his son's most tumultuous times, and saw the dawning of his responsible time before he passed away. As an older guy, just seeing the turning point is enough to think it was all worth it. Even if anon felt he ignored him, knowing he's making his way is enough.
Sounds like a dude who gave it his all for nothing in the end.
Many people find fulfillment in working, especially if they're doing so in support of someone. Don't cast off his way of life so easily. As far as the >how is that respect?
I can sort of relate. I'm a similar way, in that I feel like talking to people too much is effectively bothering them, and leaving them alone allows them a certain kind of peace. I'm only now starting to learn how other people differ in this regard.
your dad sounds awesome
Dad is probably not real, desu
Your dad sounds based, who give sa fuck what some yuppies think
I have siblings but I don't talk to either of them. We never really spoke. I moved away and stopped talking to my siblings, and my younger sister moved away and stopped talking to all of us. Exactly like our fathers. My older brother is a neet back at mom's house but he's kind of actually diagnosably autistic so I guess he gets a pass. Now, someone needs to be around to take care of my mom anyways. I asked my younger sister to come down here to the south with me. It was the first time I spoke to her in about a year. I sent her a text asking her to come and she just said no, and I didn't respond. Lol. 
I am very similar to this family, my father's side. I am a black sheep in my local family because I have tattoos and long hair and I'm a stoner and I like to drink and do drugs. Everyone in my local, northern family doesn't do any of that, and is very repressed. They don't even swear. Everyone down here is a biker, like me, and literally I've been drinking and smoking constantly since I landed. My cousin is trying to get mushrooms from her son so we can all drop them together. Keep in mind, when I am home with my family, my entire life, all anyone ever does when we are together is silently stare at the floor while fiddling with our hands nervously or something, that's what I always do anyways. With my father's people, I am able to be myself. 
How is this a sign of respect? Do you think not saying I love you or hugging and kissing your parents are signs of affection?
That's not how I was raised. Kissing or hugging either of my parents would be extremely forced and weird, and we did not really say we loved each other. I never saw my parents kiss each other, my entire life. We never ate meals together. None of us talked. For me it's a sign of respect to my father to get out of his shit, pay for my own roof, pay for my own food, and not come back asking him for anything because I'm proving I became a man who could make my own way. I tried to anyways.
Talk to old guys. Most of us will give you whatever wisdom or knowledge we have, for free even, because we know we should pass it on and it's so damn rare for young people to take an interest and it's not like we're doing anything better at the moment for the most part.
I am very much taking an interest in that old man. It sucks because I think my awkwardness is kind of showing to some degree, but what the fuck, I flew all the way out here to do this and talk to everyone, and everyone has been drunk or fucked up or something the entire time anyways. One very humbling thing I have learned today is, my father had his family, and it's great to learn about his roots. But, the truth is, he moved away and nobody has talked to anyone for decades. So many people got so much second or third or fourth hand information. My uncles branch of the family will always be connected to my father but, they branched off and lived their own lives, just like we did. My father is someone who is just a memory to these people, who really doesn't matter that much. It's humbling in a way. I don't blame them. We all have our own shit going on, and besides, none of us tried to ever reach out to any of them either. 
We always got along. Just never talked about much. It's sad. The very last time I spoke to my father, he was proud of me because some old man at job I had was trying to take advantage of me and treat me like shit, so I told my dad I let him know sort of to go fuck himself and not to fuck with me and just went back to work and my dad was proud of me for that. That Christmas I came home and I gave each of my parents an expensive gift. That's always something I'll be proud of. Before the end of his life I was able to prove I could give back. And you know what he did? Even though I was 28, he still made sure to one up me and pay for his gift, and then some. He just silently added it to my bank account after I went home. That's just the kind of nigga my dad was.
