What is wrong with them?
don't let them bring you down, anon.
welding is based and you're doing a great job.
Some parents never seem to be happy. What made you try and recover from being a NEET?
based gaslighting boomers
they dont want you to have a job
they want you to be a turbo-successful normie who is rich and has kids. like a doctor or a football star
they cant show off their kid if he's a welder, because welders are losers
lol, get gaslit and dabbed on by your unloving shitcunt boomer parents
Your parents want to keep you down because they enjoy the short term pleasure of putting others down in order to compensate for whatever it is they're lacking or unable to do in their own lives, either that or they're verbal processors and don't know how to shut up about shit even if it makes things worse. Don't let their nonsense get to you and keep doing what you're doing, maybe even call them out on their behavior if they keep doing it so much?
Yeah this
also this likely. They don't want anon to be successful by his own merits, they just want a trophy son even if the idea of a trophy son is an actual fantasy that can't be achieved.
Thank you for saying that
Honestly what set the motion of change was getting into an abusive relationship with a woman with some cluster B personality disorder and having a kid with her, having a mental breakdown and getting off of marijuana and alcohol
Christ, sounds like it's been hard for you. Wishing you all the best in getting through it.
"Would you have let me pay with a blowtorch as a child?"
dont let them get to you. its kinda dumb for me to say that considering that even normies struggle with insecurity because of negging parents. 
welding is based and if you have talent and get the right certifications you can make a lot of money. maybe dive welding if you're ambitious and nuts.
its because you aren't planning to retire them, they want you as some sort of sugar daddy. If you ever make it big I would ghost your parents they only want you as a financial back up they only put up with you because they have hope that you will make it big.
