be mtf tranny
go on hrt
ffw 6 months
look like someone photoshopped a twink's face and cock onto a 14 year old girl's body
i used to feel like a pedo eating my gfs ass because of this
You don't have a girls body, you still have the male body proportions, your hips and shoulders are undeniably male, I don't even have to see them to know it. You will never be a woman.
What kind of twink's face? Some of them look pretty androgynous, others look overtly masculine.
It's basically a way to induce a second puberty so at first you will have underage looking features in some places.
After a couple years the tits will grow in more and look more adult (if you eat enough).
Somehow I have DDD-cup tits but they're still pubescent cone shaped
Why do you use the word "androgynous" when you clearly mean feminine?
Damn, that'd be an insane amount of growth for just 6 months. Good job. They'll probably still round out more in a couple years.
Androgynous means not strongly resembling either sex. It's something that could be mistaken for either or is too difficult to tell which it is. If it was feminine then it wouldn't be androgynous, it'd be feminine.
He just has a wide rib cage which inflates his cup size. His moobs arent actually big.
What age did you start? Retard san has done four years HRT (post male puberty) and her results are nothing like that.
Possibly. Some trannies are hot and have nice huge tits though. I know because I have masturbated to them.
You all just look like creepy men and it's going to look even worse once you reach twink death (age 21-15)
The trannies with big tits get them done surgically. You wont get big boobs from HRT.
T. Gay femboy who takes HRT and has had no chest growth
This one didn't get BA.
It's mostly a function of calories, same as how you only gain as a bodybuilder on steroids if you actually eat more.
Also though she used other drugs to assist like progesterone and domperidone.
t.retard who doesn't know how cup size is calculated
Rib cage only affects band size you troglodyte
28
I don't expect you to believe me, I was and continue to be shocked by how well my body responds to estrogen
He is also fat. Probably helps.
That's literally what I said.
Calories are essential. Making a good tranny and making a good bodybuilder both require that the male on hormone drugs eats way more to benefit and gain.
Female fat distribution is almost entirely the extent of how hrt changes trannies physically in a useful way (also skin and hair effects, but mainly fat distribution including tits).
Fat people are disgusting. Just shill out a few grand and stay skinny to get big boobs. Not worth being a fatass just grow your moobs a few sizes.
I like trannies and fat girls in general.
This is every mtf tho. None of you pass. You aren't even fooling yourselves. You all look like weird lanky appalachian hill children with long hair
Unironically the best female body type, but also the hardest to maintain.
Plenty of regular makes have giant hips you retard
How in the fuck did she get hips like that
If they troon out before like 22 or 23 I think they can still get hip growth before the plates fuse.
They know. They are fueled by fetish and ego despite how disgusting they look. As a woman I make sure to sneer at every tranny I come across in real life and if I'm with my bf I loudly go "WAS THAT A TRANNY HAHAHAHAHA" after we walk a few steps away from them. None of them have ever confronted us because they are fucking pussy losers
based if true
you should extend it to people with unnatural colored hair as well
That's really hot anon but really perverted sounding
I bully people that already have a harsh life especially when I outnumber them
You deserve a medal of honor for your bravery
Isn't that the best of both worlds though?
t. bi top
