my tummy hurts.. my tummy hurts alot..
don't care + nobody asked + L + you're not cute
Describe the symptoms, and we might be able to help.
Ohh noo :( hope you feel better anon!
I'm not horny but I think I'm going to masturbate because I'm lonely
i feel rly cold and my head hurts end my stomach hurts rewlly really bad
fever maybe? or stomach flu?
Sounds like some kind of flu. Have you taken any medicine, like a paracetamol?
Have you eaten anything weird recently? Or something that may have been spoiled?
And, when's the last time you actually ate something?
Hope you get better dude.
If it really is a stomach flu or food poisoning, I recommend two techniques:
1. if you're nauseous, throw up a few times
2. take some medium-strong medicine, and then just sit in a sofa, and try to fall asleep. Try to move as little as possible, and be very slow and gentle when you do.
Alternatively, take the medicine, sit in a chair, put a pillow on a desk, lay your head on the pillow, and try to get some sleep.
It's important that you're sitting up and not laying down (and not moving), so your stomach doesn't hurt.
I quite like the art, that's something at least. It reminds me of Tomoko from Watamote.
Eating your own cum will relieve all the symptoms
ive done nothing but vom since my last post
send help
what did u eat today anon
Make sure you drink a lot of water anon
And brush your teeth once you're done
You should have released all the "toxins" by now. So now is the time for you to calm down and start recovering.
Have you taken medicine yet? Like a paracetamol.
I recommend taking it, and sitting up in a comfortable couch, and trying to get some sleep, to pass the time.
Maybe drink a small bit of sugar water or non-fizzy soda, if you can keep that down.
After you've slept a bit and your body has calmed down, try eating some plain white rice.
Your best bet really is to slow down, calm down, and try to get the time to pass as fast as possible.
Hope it helps, we're here for you OP.
Appendicitis POG
