I wonder what Arissa Vurr thinks of the "I want her to hold me down and choke me to death while forcing me to cum inside her" poster?
Do you think she even knows he exists?
Its the girl that bleaches her asshole in photoshop
It's not her asshole I wanna fuck
she has such a strange look
5 pounds of makeup. It's eerie.
zoomers are not human
That's one of the mildest things shopped about this one.
Hi Arissa, what is your opinion about ongezellig
It's exotic and scary
Does she still post here?
The "choke me to death" offer still stands
I'll make it worth her while
I don't even know how to talk to girls in DMs bros how do I know she won't leave me on read if I DM her?
Fuck man I really REALLY want her to hurt me
So how do I get her to beat the shit out of me?
I'll literally pay money
And no small amount either
idk offer her money to beat the shit out of you I guess?
What if she says no?
What if she screenshots it and roasts me on twitter?
What if she just does it to lure me in and get robbed?
then she hurt you, problem solved that's what you wanted.
No I need physical pain from her
I need to feel her boots kicking me
I need to hear her laugh while I fall unconscious at her feet
I wish all heteromasochist niggas a good day and hope you find your perfect heterosadist gf
can somebody post the picture of her that's not photoshopped where she's talking about how she regularly photoshops her pics and she's trying to be comfortable posting her real body?
Basically she has no hips, her ass, face and the rest of the body is riddled with acne and looks like a ghoul without makeup
Here's some.
I fucking STILL want her to kill me god she's so hot
YOU WILL NEVER BE RAPED BY ARISSA VURR
YOU WILL NEVER BE MURDERED BY ARISSA VURR
YOU WILL NEVER BE ARISSA VURR'S PERSONAL FUCKTOY
YOU WILL NEVER BE HERS
SHE WILL NEVER LOVE YOU
Oh no no no beta orbiter sissy bros i dont feel so good...
i fucking hate egirls so much
Fucking post it you limp wristed faggots
Post her blown out poppy asshole lol
I would unironically sign legal documents allowing her to own me as property 
Same but they're so hot I need to be subjugated by one
I self insert as Arissa Vurr's bf
