<comment>
Enjoy your free and legal (please tell me what US law forbids me from fucking women for monopoly money) whores, you're welcome faggots.
<comment>
How would they even ship that to the US without it being seized at customs?
<comment>
They're blank in the back they're only printed on one side.
<comment>
Its movie production money. Also the Chinese don't give a fuck, and do you think customs can intercept this and not the thousands of tons of fentanyl the chink bastards ship here in regular packages daily?
<comment>
Fentanyl is carried on private jets and CIA cargo ships
<comment>
Good enough, you put it in a sealed envelope. They won't open it first because it incriminates them. And whores are stupid, they fuck random men for money. If they catch you, just leave.
<comment>
Wrong, its sent through the same customs service everything else is. Do you think its even possible for customs to inspect 0.00001% of shit that gets shipped here? Millions of packages, millions. They do totally random inspections. Besides, this is literally not illegal to own, movies use it all the time. Trust me, I work in film. Store it in a Monopoly board for plausible deniability if you're a stupid pussy who doesn't understand what the laws actually are.
<comment>
i got death threats from a pimp just for sending memes to a hooker 
youre literally going to get killed for this stupid shit
<comment>
They won't open it first because it incriminates them. And whores are stupid
they are stupid, surely they wont incriminate themselves lol
<comment>
If they catch you they report you to their pimp
Then you better not show your face in that part of the town ever again or you're fucked
<comment>
be me
live in good old england
bing bong it's time to wet my dong
just bought loads of real-looking fake money
gonna pay a prozzie with that, basically free sex
ring up a service from the back of a paper, she comes over
notbadnotbad.jpg
checks the money
sweating profusely
seems good, puts it away, pulls me out
lovely sexy time
i lie on the bed while she gets up
she checks the money again
"oi luv, you 'avin' a laff?"
oh shit
manage to get her out of the house while she's on the phone with her pimp
"e'll fockin' 'ave u m8, ur ded"
oh god oh shit
go to shop to get some ciggies to calm me down
smoking outside, see a big man heading toward my house
follow him
he's banging on my door
oh fuck oh fuck 
head down a nearby alley in case he knows what I look like
get raped to death by pakis
Really makes you think dunnit
