Women get to have such powerful orgasms and have multiple orgasms but men are done after a single weak "orgasm" that a woman wouldn't even recognize as an orgasm.
Fembots, do you pity maIes because of this?
Stop watching porn, it's acting.
Nope. I just fuck other women and we get to cum together for hours till we get tired it's amazing. IDGAF about moids.
All I want to do is make women cum but they won't let me try unless I pay them money
Either your a man or your a girl who only fucks men. Of course porn is acting, but ive blacked out from orgasms before.
irl women i have fucked do have very strong and powerful orgasms and one of them damn near broke my fingers with her pussy muscles. they were also very ugly and fat and sex starved. as far as i know hot women do not have orgasms at all
Still a virgin, tried masturbating once with my clit since I'm too afraid to break my hymen and I could barely feel anything.
A man will never make you cum unless you give very clear and specific instructions on what you want. Either learn what you like from masturbating or just take the lesbian pill.
keep exploring your body love, only you can truly discover what feels right. also i'm not telling you to stick anything in your pussy if you truly don't want to, but hymens are sort of a meme and despite what the retards on here post your future moidfriend cannot really tell if you have one
oh my bad. that's probably why you have the clit problem they cut the damn thing off
bros what the FUCK came out of her thing?
Idk man I was with this older woman once and she began grunting and screaming every time. It was way too uncontrolled for an act.
I guess women just have stronger orgasms
My orgasms are stronger than the average woman's, but I'm not cut so YMMV
To an extent yes, it's unreal how unfair life was in regards to stuff like that, i'm trans so I know what orgasms feel like on both ends.
As a guy a girl makes you horny, you fap/have sex, that's it, it mostly all ends as soon as you cum.
As a girl, a guy gives you the slightest amount of attention, your body starts burning up, your head gets dizzy, you get so fucking wet, you long for the person's touch and affection for way longer after you're done having sex, it feels so blissful laying in bed next to them, best way to describe it would be lying completely naked on a bed of feathers, under the sun, while a warm breeze blows and makes you shiver all over.
No you don't.
What the fuck? Actual woman here and it is not like that. What a weird fanfic. This is why everyone hates you guys and doesn't take you seriously.
So you took it up the ass? What you described is a gay guy's orgasm.
You DO NOT type in a female style at all. You may be a man anon.
Actual based oregano
YWNBAW. It's so weird how trannies have this insane idea of what a female orgasm is like.
Mucus plug
Iunno... Maybe you aren't enough of a girl to truly know what it feels like. 
Speaking from experience anon?
The fuck is a "female style" lmao. It's not like handwriting
Being born with a vagina is NOT good enough in 2023
YWNBAW
I was NTA, you didn't respond to anything I said. You have no idea what a female orgasm is like because you are clearly a man.
The absolute best organism is when you both orgasm together.
Because "female typing style" is literally so retarded it doesn't merit a reply. YWNBAW.
And you will never experience a true female orgasm~
That's fine. I have my own orgasms B===D~
Didn't you literally admit to being a tranny?
Only half of those posts are mine, trans women are still women, soooooo...
He did and lucky checked
