Why don't femcels just groom little boys into being their perfect husbands?
Femcels arent real and dont exist
At this point. 
Why are virgin faggot losers like you allowed to even ask faggot bullshit fake questions?
Oh yea, an loser anonymous fantasy forum. You at best belong in a slave barracks on some side of a African or Slav war, never to touch the opposite sex. 
I DO wonder how does it feel though; being a complete failure at every level making the same threads over and over again until you die at 50. Please tell us about your daily life OP, its is going to much more interesting than the same boring fake incest, cooperate porn fad, anime thread for the hundredth time. I think alot of use would like to know.
I do NOT like where this is going.
U mad bro?
origioni
Why not? xx
I REALLY do NOT like where this is going.
I for one want to see where this goes
yes me too, surely it will be cute sibling bonding time.
Saki is just a good sister helping her younger brother properly wash himself, that's all.
WHY DO FUCKING TROONS FAP TO THIS?
yay
origami
Cause I was groomed as a little boy by my older cousin
my aunt molested me
neither of you deserved this. it was not your fault and i am so sorry to hear that this happened to you and i hope you can heal from this. i wish you both nothing but the best &lt;3
I don't really think it traumatized me or anything. It just gave me a permanent shota and femdom fetish.
I feel like no sexual contact at all in my life has fucked me up way more than getting groomed by some older woman that I could fuck ever could have.
not everything is about transgender people, anon.
I wish I was a woman, never will happen though :/
dont stop now, finish posting nigga
i know it wouldn't have worked out anyways
Older girls should go after younger guys. I wanted sexual experiences with girls 2-4 years older than me when i was 8-10. It builds confidence in guys. I don't remember ever experiencing anything, but I came close though.
bros im not trying to justify it but let's be honest here. A woman doing this shit to a boy isn't traumatic at all in comparison to a man doing it.
I came close to experiencing an older girl. I wanted it. I don't think it would have bothered me.
100% this. only reason teachers get arrested is cus the student was sharing her nudes with his classmates
Chuds obsess over problems to fix them.
What do yiu think knights were raised for?
why is it like this though
It comes down to a woman not being able to penetrate and stretch you.
A man is still (in most cases) bigger and more muscular in comparison.
But still, an adult has all the power in this situation and it must not be abused.
True. I can remember getting erections and playing with my willy while thinking of my hot big titty teachers when I was like 8 or 9
if you heard your son was being touched by his teacher would you rather they be female or male?
