I thought feminism was supposed to turn women from a sex object into the equals of men, full-value individuals, companions.
Then why are modern women and feminists in general so obsessed with their bodies? Why do they walk half-naked, prostitute themselves, apply a fuck-ton of make-up, do body modifications?
I wish feminist women were walking around in pic rel or other classy male clothing. And focused on their mind, virtues and personality.
Raiden is for the girls. She is knuckles deep in Yae 24/7. Get your grubby moid hands off her.
Then why are modern women and feminists in general so obsessed with their bodies?
Everyone is obsessed with their bodies. You kind of have to live in them and they hurt when things go wrong, moron.
Why do they walk half-naked, prostitute themselves, apply a fuck-ton of make-up, do body modifications?
There's nothing wrong with any of those things and men do all of them. Circimcision is a form of body modification, for example, and elite men wore heavy makeup in much of Europe for hundreds of years. It seems to me that these are just things you don't like and you're trying to find a way to make them bad things.
I wish feminist women were walking around in pic rel or other classy male clothing. And focused on their mind, virtues and personality.
These women absolutely exist people just have no reason to post them online where you can see them. Go outside and touch grass.
I don't even know this character, i just like that picture and that formal style, it's very classy and dignifying. We're 100% claiming her. 
circumcision should be banned, it's inhumane
circumcision should be banned, it's inhumane
That may be true but it has nothing to do with my actual point.
My point: if feminists want to be treated like humans instead of sexual objects they should dress like men instead of like sexual objects
Your point? my statement isn't categorical, its if-then
This is the thing.
There is this idea that women are actually 
the equals of men, full-value individuals, companions
And I know many men, myself included, who were completely sold on this idea and wanted nothing more then that.
Because why wouldnt you want a full-value individual with a developed mind and personality as an equal companion?
Everyone wants that.
Its mans wet dream to have that.
I came to the conclusion that feminism is a fetish of men. Men decided to try and transform the useless vapidness that is women into the form we have just articulated. 
And so they thought: maybe if we implement feminism and give them equal rights that is what we will get? After all, women are just human, right?
Oh how wrong they were.
Women just used their rights and privileges to shittest men and further obsess over their most vapid and empty desires, and also destroyed society along the way.
And it is all mens fault. Men once again couldnt keep it in their pants, and instead tried to force their fetish onto reality.
Feminism is just a male fetish that went out of control, nothing more.
My point: if feminists want to be treated like humans instead of sexual objects they should dress like men instead of like sexual objects
Humans should have the right to dress any way they want. What's the point of having control over your own life if you have to dress the way others want you to?
Your point? my statement isn't categorical, its if-then
And you provide no rationale for why feminists would care about these things except you think they're trashy.
Dressing in casual buiseness clothers or a suit is certainly more classy when walking around half-naked with yogo pants that show your silouette. 
IF women wanted to be treated seriously THEN they would do the former instead of the latter.
Yeah feminism turned out to be another
have a cake and eat it too
situation where women get equal rights and then some more, but also want men to fulfill the patriarchal roles, do the physical labour, get drafted to the army etc.
and freedom just allows women to further develop their vapidity and sexualization
But how should they dress? You can have a right to drink poison but you shouldn't do it. Their behaviour is counterproductive to their stated goal, that's my point.
The thing is women always had rights and privileges, they were just different. 
What feminism did was women got to keep all their privileges and rights, and additionally got all of the rights from men and then some.
Interesting take, I do feel like feminism is well meaning egalitarianism gone terribly wrong. It's idealism that backfired terribly. Men are by far the hornier sex so women don't need to be much to get a lot in life. Ever notice how most women in elite schools tend to be underdeveloped. It's very rare to see a girl in an elite school with huge tits or a fat ass. That's because they simply don't need to work hard or develop themselves to live well.
should 
Also I think pigs should fly. 
But its more realistic to breed pigs with wings then create a society where your treatment by others is not influenced by what you wear.
And funnily you KNOW that.
You want to weak revealing clothes because that way you can have all the sexual attention that you want.
But at the same time you want the dignity and appeal of modest clothes.
It is just a tamper tantrum which comes from a sense of entitlement of wanting your cake and eat it too once again.
You are free to dress however you want, but you will then be treated how you are dressed.
No one can change that, it is an absolute law like gravity.
You are demanding society to artificially counterbalance natural law, to suit you like a crying child throwing a temper tantrum.
this is EXACTLY why you should have no rights and especially no right to vote but should be treated as property. And I am not even taking about all women, I am talking about you specifically
I think some TERF-type feminists are pro-modesty.
i'm right wing but those TERFs look more and more appealing, lets fight degeneracy toghether and return to decency and healthy gender relations
Dressing in casual buiseness clothers or a suit is certainly more classy when walking around half-naked with yogo pants that show your silouette.
Sure, but not everyone is classy. Again, they want to be free from your desires, not cater to them in a different way.
IF women wanted to be treated seriously THEN they would do the former instead of the latter.
If incels wanted to be treated seriously they'd stop being online misogynists but that never stopped you guys.
But how should they dress? You can have a right to drink poison but you shouldn't do it. 
Wearing a slutty dress is not the same thing as drinking poison at all. Drinking poison kills you, wearing as slutty dress maybe annoys other people a little.
Their behaviour is counterproductive to their stated goal, that's my point.
Their stated goal is the freedom to dress any way they want. How is all of them dressing the way you want them to better in any way?
You want to weak revealing clothes because that way you can have all the sexual attention that you want.
This is not incompatible with this:
But at the same time you want the dignity and appeal of modest clothes.
Just treat everyone with dignity regardless of what they wear. Your inability to do that is your problem, not theirs.
is not incompatible
Your
It is not my inability.
It is everyones inability.
And everyone who tells you otherwise is lying to you - which is precisely why male feminists are predators: because they are lying to you denying absolute reality.
This is so fundamental to human nature, or even to the nature of a sexually diamorphic species that nothing will ever change this.
And in the end it is just your problem when reality will end up not complying to your hubris.
It is everyones inability.
I don't find it difficult at all. You just pay attention to what someone says instead of what they're wearing. Are you retarded or something?
And everyone who tells you otherwise is lying to you - which is precisely why male feminists are predators: because they are lying to you denying absolute reality.
I'm lying to myself?
This is so fundamental to human nature, or even to the nature of a sexually diamorphic species that nothing will ever change this.
The very first cities worshipped goddess with big bushes and their tits out, and they managed to give them a whole lot of fucking respect. You seem to have "being an asshole" confused with "human nature."
And in the end it is just your problem when reality will end up not complying to your hubris.
You're the one trying to control what half the human population wears and I'm the one with hubris?
I'm borderline feminist as a male because so many men just seethe over the mildest inconveniences that women do.
i saw a comic that was a male reacting to a persons mistake.
boy gets : you (as an individual) are so dumb
girl gets: girls are so dumb as if 4 billion foids are beneath the dumbest man.
It's weird how my brain can individualize folks with xx chromosomes but many r9kers and normal men can't.
You aren't the main character having a penis does not mean everyone needs to fuck you or respect you for muh self worth as a man
I am not trying to control anything. I am just telling you how it is.
But the way you are seething just shows me that you have major issues with this topic and will always keep struggling against nature, which will lead to your surrounding yourself with people who suit you with lies but will naturally not have your best interest in mind.
This is not something I wish to anyone.
I am lying to myself 
Yes. The idea that you can judge people independent of what they wear and how they look is pure insanity.
For example you will judge someone wearing traditional clothes differently from someone being naked, you will someone dressed in rags differently then someone wearing expensive watches.
And naturally you will there is not even anything wrong with that. Clothes make people they are a form of self expression, if anything ignoring what people wear would make you ignorant because they are expressing themselves with their clothes.
Imagine someone comes to you dressed as a sheik, naturally you will know that he is Muslim and wants to be treated like that and wants everyone to know this. If anything it would be discrimination to ignore it.
But lets stop being theoretical and be very simple: if I wear a tshirt which has a cross on it, and it says: JESUS IS KING.
You would immediately see me as backwards and dumb because probably you see Christians as backwards as dumb. So how is it different from me rightfully assuming that you are a valid liberal whore from you running around half naked? You are just being a hypocrite
I am not trying to control anything. I am just telling you how it is.
No, you're telling me how you think it is. You're pretty clearly wrong.
But the way you are seething just shows me that you have major issues with this topic and will always keep struggling against nature, which will lead to your surrounding yourself with people who suit you with lies but will naturally not have your best interest in mind.
How am I seething? I'm literally just answering OP's question for you.
For example you will judge someone wearing traditional clothes differently from someone being naked, you will someone dressed in rags differently then someone wearing expensive watches.
Yeah, and smart people learn to compensate for those biases, something you seem to think is impossible.
Imagine someone comes to you dressed as a sheik, naturally you will know that he is Muslim and wants to be treated like that and wants everyone to know this. If anything it would be discrimination to ignore it.
As an American I'm not obligated to do shit for foreign royalty, and the chance of it being some fag in a costume is way more likely than it being a sheik. Clothes don't matter, words and actions do.
You would immediately see me as backwards and dumb because probably you see Christians as backwards as dumb.
Is being Christian something you wear now?
So how is it different from me rightfully assuming that you are a valid liberal whore from you running around half naked?
Because even the smartest people in the world can have fun being naked but you have to be kinda dim to think God is a fictional Jewish carpenter.
You are just being a hypocrite
No, you're making a false equivalence to justify your total inability to learn and reason rather than simply knee-jerk reacting to what you see.
is being Christian something you wear now?
well it can be.
Just answer one simple question: would you of would you not make assumptions when you see me wearing Christian clothes.
Very simple question.
Im feminist and im against women wearing revealing clothes. I dress manly and im confused as to why people dress like this and are surpised when people make such comments. I am anti abortion and i want us to be equal, but i really hate the whole naked and tranny stuff.
Just answer one simple question: would you of would you not make assumptions when you see me wearing Christian clothes.
I'm sure I'd make all kinds of assumptions in my head, but it's not hard to deliberately ignore them and give someone the benefit of the doubt, especially if you know you might be biased in your thinking. If the Christian clothing in particular is specifically saying something stupid, like "abortion is murder" or "burn in hell, fags," I'm not going to bother, but a simple "Jesus Saves" t-shirt or a cross around their neck isn't going to make me assume anything, since there a lot of really nice Christians out there. Being wrong is not the same thing as being evil, but Christianity in particular has hard time with that idea.
But you would assume that the person is a Christian right?
they want to be free from your desires
Dressing like a whore tends to lead to the opposite reaction. "Oh i just so happend to go outside half-naked at 20C...silly me!" As if. You know exactly what you're doing. 
stop being online misogynists
No thanks.
feminism is nothing but a parasitary movement that seeks subvert the state and turn women into a extractive elite class. 
Feminism is about stealing money, destroying any sense of responsability towards third parties and creating legal inequality
I'm sure I'd make all kinds of assumptions in my head, but it's not hard to deliberately ignore them
And why exactly would you do that? No, really, why? It's beyond foolish to ignore reality or your inner voice just to appease some strange notion of absolute randomness. No one actually does that.
But you would assume that the person is a Christian right?
No, not really. I hang out with a lot of Atheist goths who wear Christian iconography for fashion reasons. I probably wound't even ask about it at all if it didn't come up in conversation, honestly. That's the problem with judging someone by what they wear instead of what they say or what they do.
Dressing like a whore tends to lead to the opposite reaction. "Oh i just so happend to go outside half-naked at 20C...silly me!" As if. You know exactly what you're doing.
I don't think many people freeze to death being slutty, and even if they did it would be extremely stupid and petty to complain about it.
No thanks.
So you won't be taken seriously, and you're hypocrites to boot. You could easily shut your mouths and act normal online and not be watched by ten million federal agents at all times, but you choose to worship mass shooters, something far, far worse than being a slut.
And why exactly would you do that? No, really, why? 
Because experience has taught my assumptions are often wrong. I'm sorry you world in so narrow that you've never encountered anything that surprised you.
 It's beyond foolish to ignore reality or your inner voice just to appease some strange notion of absolute randomness.
"Judge people based on their actual words and actions" is the opposite of "absolute randomness."
No one actually does that.
I do in fact judge people on their words and actions. I've just come to the conclusion you're a retard, for example.
Atheist goths who wear Christian iconography for fashion reasons.
Yes but you and I both know that there is a vastly different aesthetic between that and a genuine Christian.
But maybe a Christian is something where there is nuance.
What about a women in a burqa would you assume she is Muslim or not?
Or lets argue to a point, because you are really stubborn.
If someone wears a tshirt which says:
burn in hell, fags
As you aptly put it, would you assume that this person believes in god?
I hope more women think like you! Do you ever try to talk some sense into your female friends?
Anon, i dont have a single female friend, probably for that reason
Yes but you and I both know that there is a vastly different aesthetic between that and a genuine Christian.
Sure, but people who like experimental fashion tend to experiment with their fashion. You seem desperate to justify pre-judging people based on their looks, which is a stupid thing to do. Christ himself hung out with whores, after all, and didn't judge them.
But maybe a Christian is something where there is nuance.
No, there's no nuance.
What about a women in a burqa would you assume she is Muslim or not?
No, because a lot of different religious and cultural groups wear burkas. For all I know she's an Arab Christian or something like that. It's like assuming everyone in a turban is a Muslim when they might be SIkh or just feeling a turban today.
As you aptly put it, would you assume that this person believes in god?
No, because there are lots of atheist or irreligious homophobes out there who like to say "Burn in hell, fags" for the shock value. You know for such smart, insightful guys who know all about how everything works, you have a really hard time with "things are not always what they look like."
If a person stands there with a sign that says:
You deserve rape! You whore! 
And has a quote from the Bible. 
Would you assume that he is Christian?
;_;
Do you agree with the theory that autistic women have male brains?
But see, that's not something he's wearing to feel good, that's something he's deliberately actually doing to hurt others. In this case there's no chance he just threw this on, he had to sit down and plan out his sign with the explicit intention of making others feel bad about being gay. Wearing a slutty dress is not at all the same thing as actually carrying a sign with hate speech on it.
I dont want to admit it but probably
What if he wears the exact same thing on his clothes?
Then I'd maybe give him a little more benefit of the doubt, but he still had to look at himself in the mirror in the morning wearing a shirt that says "Burn in hell, fags" and think that's an okay way to meet strangers. But again, the two situations are not the same. The slut puts on a slutty dress to make her and others feel good. This guy is putting on the shirt knowing he's going to make people feel bad in a way nice Christians would never do.
your point also has nothing to do with your point. circumcision is performed in infancy without consent. the body mods you compared it to are choices made by women in adulthood.
So you admit that you judge people by what they wear.
Now you go back on this: >>73038933
And also no, the slut who is wearing the revealing dress also woke up in the morning and decided that she wants to influence people in a sexual way.
Give me a break the 
wears it to feel good narrative
Is a lie from beginning to end.
Maybe a neonazi also wears a swastika because he wants to feel good? 
Lol, lmao even.
You wouldnt want to assume anything about the skinhead either.
Fair enough, but it's usually adult men (fathers and/or doctors) making the decision to engage in it, so you can't act like body mods are some kind of weird female vice that men are immune to. On top of that, there's a great many many with piercings, who wear makeup, wear slutty outfits, etc. but somehow these people never bother OP or if they do, they never reflect on him the way "sluts" reflect on women as a whole in his mind.
So you admit that you judge people by what they wear.
Yeah, but only if it includes actual hate speech they deliberately chose to wear. Again, you're making a false equivalence here.
Now you go back on this: >>73038933
That is not one of my posts. Did you click the wrong one?
And also no, the slut who is wearing the revealing dress also woke up in the morning and decided that she wants to influence people in a sexual way.
Yeah, and there's nothing wrong with making people feel sexy. There's a lot wrong with making them feel sad or scared. Not the same thing.
Maybe a neonazi also wears a swastika because he wants to feel good?
No, he wears it to intimidate others, especially in the modern era where he has no excuse.
You wouldnt want to assume anything about the skinhead either.
Wearing a swastika is hate speech, I'm pretty sure, and I said I was okay judging people for hate speech. Wanting to feel sexy is not the same thing as calling for genocide and you know, you two-faced price of shit.
Women are the ones who objectify things. Without the male view of women, women become nothing more than holes with a price sticker based on their attractiveness and fertility. It makes sense if you think about it, women have to raise children so evolutionarly they need to be concerned with materials and resources. That is how they see the world, as objects that can serve them. Obviously everyone here is aware of how they apply that to men as well.
What if a man is naked in public and exposes his genitals, would you make any assumptions about someone like that? Maybe they just want to be sexy
hate speech
So let me get this straight:
You first make assumptions about people, and then based on arbitrary characteristics like hate speech - which is purely subjective, you determine wether you make act on the assumptions or not?
What if a man is naked in public and exposes his genitals, would you make any assumptions about someone like that? Maybe they just want to be sexy
Have you ever been to Folsom Street Fair? Just naked people, mostly dudes, as far as the eye can see. Somehow, the whole thing manages to go off with no one getting hurt.
You first make assumptions about people, and then based on arbitrary characteristics like hate speech
Hate speech is not an "arbitrary characteristic"i it's an active threat. Are you afraid that the naked women are going to knife you? No? Shut up ab out it.
- which is purely subjective, 
All communication is purely subject, so all judgments based on it must be subjective.
You're really working hard to make wearing a low-cut top the same thing as calling for mass murder, aren't you?
you determine wether you make act on the assumptions or not?
Pure word salad.
The thing is, you are completely embarrassing yourself by denying basic reality. I am just asking questions so that all may see the blatant insanity. 
You have already admitted that you also judge people based on appearances and now you are trying to draw a line in the sand by claiming some criteria that is apparently transcendently justified but is in fact purely arbitrary, and in fact most people here will be of the kind who do not believe in the concept of hate speech or are inherently disgusted by the liberal hypocrisy that always accompanies it, so you have literally shot yourself in the foot by choosing that.
At the end of the day a debate is always held for the audience; and the audience shall now decide whether you are making a solid case of:
actually I wouldnt judge a naked man in the street who is exposing his genitals either. But HATESPEECH is so objectively bad that this is where you are magically not only allowed to but actually really only start judging people based on their appearances.
See if that is an argument that people will get behind. I really doubt that.
Also just so you are aware.
You have just said that you consider someone wearing a revealing dress, to be equivalent to a naked man in the street.
I know that you do not belong in this category, but sane people are usually opposed to naked men exposing their genitals in the street. Thank you for showing that this is the kind of standard you are working with here.
The thing is, you are completely embarrassing yourself by denying basic reality.
As we have been discussing, appearances are sometimes deceiving. What you see as reality, for example, is a bunch of assumptions placed in your head by shitty parents and alt-lite Youtubers.
I am just asking questions so that all may see the blatant insanity.
"Just asking questions" was tired and boring in the Fundies Say the Darnedest Things era and it's practically prehistoric by now. Go back to Bible school and get your apologetics updated.
You have already admitted that you also judge people based on appearances and now you are trying to draw a line in the sand by claiming some criteria that is apparently transcendently justified but is in fact purely arbitrary
Why is it that when you make a judgement it's "human nature" and impossible to question but when I make a judgement, or decide not to make a judgment, it's "arbitrary" and doesn't count? 
?and in fact most people here will be of the kind who do not believe in the concept of hate speech or are inherently disgusted by the liberal hypocrisy that always accompanies it,
I really don't care what aspiring mass murderers think of you, and don't think they're a good example of "human nature."
so you have literally shot yourself in the foot by choosing that.
I fail to see how.
At the end of the day a debate is always held for the audience; and the audience shall now decide whether you are making a solid case of:
I specifically explained that the difference between hate speech and exposing your genitals is that hate speech is an active threat to others. The fact that you can't distinguish between what behaviors hurt people and which ones don't must make you a pretty shit Christian.
See if that is an argument that people will get behind. I really doubt that.
I already know that an overwhelming number of people agree with me, I'm not going to be rattled if woman-hating NEETs agree I'm wrong.
You have just said that you consider someone wearing a revealing dress, to be equivalent to a naked man in the street.
If the naked man isn't threatening or hurting anyone, where's the harm in him being naked? If you want to make an argument that a naked man is always threatening, I might but it but you cannot apply the same logic to a small woman in a revealing dress.
I know that you do not belong in this category, but sane people are usually opposed to naked men exposing their genitals in the street. Thank you for showing that this is the kind of standard you are working with here.
People are often wrong about things, including public nudity. You really do just live without ever question your own judgements or what others tell you to do, do you?
Here is the final nail in your coffin:
I have never said that I am a Christian.
Why are you assuming that?
I am actually not even a Christian. 
You just assumed it based on some intonations which are much less explicit then what people wear.
You have been making prejudiced assumptions about me all this time just because I was making conditional hypotheticals that fit a certain picture you have in mind of 
people who post on 4chan
You are making assumptions based on me being here, how is that different from clothes.
No no. You have been exposed as a hypocrite, a liar and someone insane who has an inconsistent worldview even in theory. Thanks for playing
I have never said that I am a Christian.
So? That has absolutely no bearing on the actual things you said, which are still stupid and wrong. 
Why are you assuming that?
Because you specifically brought up Christians, that is to say, based on your words and actions. This may come as a surprise but I can't actually see your clothes.
You just assumed it based on some intonations which are much less explicit then what people wear.
I assumed based on you mentioning Christians specifically, and again, none of my argument required you to be a Christian.
You have been making prejudiced assumptions about me all this time just because I was making conditional hypotheticals that fit a certain picture you have in mind of
Why is assuming that you're Christian prejudiced? I never said you were wrong because you were Christian or anything else. I explained in explicit detail why you were wrong, stuff you can't seem to quote or even remember.
You are making assumptions based on me being here, how is that different from clothes.
Because posting on 4chan is stupid. There is no good reason to hang out in the mass murder club when there is any other option available. I'm still here for historical reasons, but that's not a good reason either.
No no. You have been exposed as a hypocrite, a liar and someone insane who has an inconsistent worldview even in theory. Thanks for playing
You haven't "exposed" shit. You used a childish gotcha acting like me making literally any assumption invalidated my argument, an argument you've consistently failed to address in any way.
The argument you are using is that you can not be sure about what something is based on its appearance and always brought up examples where there is an exceptional case that shows that a correlation is not 1.
Therefore you derive that you should behave as if the correlation is zero, because you assume a false binary of either something is the same, or something is different.
But in actuality there is only correlation and causation is inherently just a Bayesian property. Many of your examples have a correlation of 0.9 or higher, which means its essentially the same thing in almost every case, which is also how you should treat it. 
This is essentially the same argument as how there is no relationship between gender and sex.
This has been debunked and destroyed so many times that it is actually not worth addressing, I am just doing that for the off chance that someone - and I mean explicitly not you because I am sure you already know this argument and I really do not know why you make it write it out for you one more time - might be confused and be mislead there was even the slightest bit of truth in your insane post modern ideology
what feminists say and what they do are different things 
just like what women say and what women do are different things.
the lesson is to stop listening to what women have to say.
But in actuality there is only correlation and causation is inherently just a Bayesian property. Many of your examples have a correlation of 0.9 or higher, which means its essentially the same thing in almost every case, which is also how you should treat it.
See, I don't buy that you're qualified to determine those numbers. You have no basis on which that a correlation is 0.3 or 0.6 or 0.9, and if you're wrong you're going to end up hurting people. Let me ask you this, do you actually care about other people's pain at all? Does it bother you?
Do you even know what correlation is?
It is a statistic.
You always determine the correlation based on your own priors, this is called conditional probability.
You experience reality through perceived experience and correlation is determined based on historic values. 
For example, you see 10 white swans and one black swan, it is pretty reasonable to assume that the next swan you encounter will also be white with an estimated probability of 10/11th.
The variance for that is determined based on sample size, but you can also calculate that.
Estimated correlation is then calculated based on the historic values.
That is you just use past experience, and after every encounter the probability is adjusted.
If you have little experience then you will have only variance and no estimate, which then converges into having an almost certain estimate - especially for correlation.
Correlation is inherently a variable that follows the law of big numbers, meaning if you have a sample size of 10 you will already have a pretty good idea what you are dealing with.
If you have a sample size of 100 you are certain to have a correct correlation down to second order digits. 
That is just statistics.
Math is absolute truth you can twitch and turn but you can never change it.
Do you even know what correlation is?
I know what a correlation is, moron, I'm doubting your qualifications to determine those correlations, especially in sociological cases where the hard data is suspect or nonexistent. Unless the God you don't worship magically gave you the power to know how clothes correlate to behavior, and you still haven't clarified the harm that low-cut tops are causing to people, you're just making shit up and using numbers to justify it.
Math is absolute truth you can twitch and turn but you can never change it.
Math is only as absolute as the humans who experience it, you may not be able to change the real numbers, but you can always misrepresent, misinterpret, and fudge until you get the result you want.
Why? The data is often pretty clear and self evident. And remember, your position is to say that there is ZERO correlation.
For example lets say you do not know how high the correlation is because you have little experience with something. Fair enough.
Did you know that you can also have a variance in your correlation? 
You can just do the same calculation by saying that the correlation from your experience is 0.5 +- 0.3 with a normal distributed variance.
If this is what your intuition tells you that is fine.
You do not need to determine it exactly.
The thing is if you say that the correlation is zero, or that the estimated correlation is 0 with variance 1 that is wrong. And it is SERIOUSLY wrong. Even having just once sample is enough to have a substantially different estimate, and it makes a big difference.
Does not mean that you should act like the variance is 0 but you should not act like the estimate is 0 either. Both of those are equally retarded.
T. I hold a mastersdegree in stohastical mathematics
Why? The data is often pretty clear and self evident.
So then post it.
And remember, your position is to say that there is ZERO correlation.
No, my position is that you aren't qualified to determine them. You're deliberately creating a strawman here to avoid having to engage with the moral problem here.
The thing is if you say that the correlation is zero, or that the estimated correlation is 0 with variance 1 that is wrong. And it is SERIOUSLY wrong. Even having just once sample is enough to have a substantially different estimate, and it makes a big difference.
In what population, for what trait, in what study? You're using the language of statistics without providing any actual statistics that back up your argument.
T. I hold a mastersdegree in stohastical mathematics
Yes, and it's very clear that you suck at literally everything else.
The point of feminism is self-determination, as men do. That includes sexual freedom, i.e. using your own body how you wish rather than being forced into using it to serve others against your own wishes.
You are so fixated on studies that you are not living in the real world.
One sample is enough to create a sufficiently different result.
This is commonly called 
common sense 
Studies are not the only thing that creates data, in fact most things you know are not based on formal studies.
You have your own experience.
Meet 3 people of a certain group, talk with them.
They are already going to be representative of the sample.
Admittedly it will have a pretty high variance, so you shouldnt assume all are the same. But you should also not assume that all others vary independently from the ones you have encountered.
Here is the thing I am trying to tell you: 
The amount in which the sample of 3 people you encountered is going to correlate with all others of that group is an absolute mathematics truth.
If you meet 3 trannies - especially if you meet them independent of each other, and all 3 are narcisists. The probability that the next one is going to be another narcissist increases.
And it increases absolutely. This is from your Bayesian perspective, but it is still an absolute value which you would be insane to disregard.
Intuition is also an application of biological neural networks which are proven to be able of approximating any arbitrary function so this is also going to be pretty correct.
The idea that you can only rely on studies and nothing else is known is pure insanity and not supported by science. Only someone who does not understand statistics could come up with a claim like this.
That's liberalism, and it won't produce equality and respect, but rather decadence and objectification
god maybe i really need some commie terf? at least they have a moral compass.
You are so fixated on studies that you are not living in the real world.
You can't claim to have hard data without studies. Studies are how you get hard data, and that is what you're claiming to have. If all you have anecdotes from the "real word", then your "correlations" are bullshit you made up and you know it.
Studies are not the only thing that creates data, in fact most things you know are not based on formal studies.
Yes, but the claims you are making - that specific correlations exist and that they are at least 0.9 in strength - needs to be backed up by formal studies or they become just numbers you pulled out of your ass.
They are already going to be representative of the sample.
You seem to have no idea how probability works. Three people is not a representative sample of any population unless that population consists of ten individuals.
The amount in which the sample of 3 people you encountered is going to correlate with all others of that group is an absolute mathematics truth.
This is provably false. What if you have a population of 100 people, and you choose three, and by chance you get the three clowns. Are you going to assume the whole population is clowns or are you going try again to be sure?
If you meet 3 trannies - especially if you meet them independent of each other, and all 3 are narcisists. The probability that the next one is going to be another narcissist increases.
No, it's exactly the same was it was before. You're safer in assuming the next tranny is a narcissist, perhaps, but the number of narcissists in the tranny population remains the same. Remember the clown problem above?
And it increases absolutely. This is from your Bayesian perspective, but it is still an absolute value which you would be insane to disregard.
You have no idea what this means. You degree must be toilet paper.
Intuition is also an application of biological neural networks which are proven to be able of approximating any arbitrary function so this is also going to be pretty correct.
Tell me, has your intuition ever been wrong even once in your life? Maybe three times? Why wasn't that enough to disregard it?
The idea that you can only rely on studies and nothing else is known is pure insanity and not supported by science. Only someone who does not understand statistics could come up with a claim like this.
If you make a statistical claim you need statistical evidence. Statistical evidence is produced by doing studies, not making up numbers and then assuming you're right because you've met three trannies and didn't like them.
nta, but in technical terms, it's said that autistic women tend to have a masculine communication style.
men are more likely to "rant" at each other, this seems common in autistic women too.
Men wear slutty shit because they want to be like men and men have no sense modesty for clothing. They will flail their titties and hair ass legs all the time. 
 why do women not wear businessattire
First its inappropriate to dress for business when you out for groceries.
Second men dont do this either. Nobody is fucking wearing tank tops to office. 
Third, female "dresscode" for business is makeup, heels, and pencil skirt. And its not something they decided, its what ceo's wanted to see them wear so they made that an obligatory uniform for wuite some time till it just became a tradition.
My intuition in my entire life has never once been wrong, not even slightly.
Because I was always operating under the assumption of variance. If you are having a calculation and you are making the assumption that you have an inherent variance in your estimation you will never EVER be wrong, because it is an objectively correct conditional probability it can by definition never be wrong.
This is provably false. What if you have a population of 100 people, and you choose three, and by chance you get the three clowns. Are you going to assume the whole population is clowns or are you going try again to be sure?
PERFECT.
This is a perfect example to show how you are wrong.
If you have a population of 100 people and by chance you choose 3 clowns, what should you think about the whole population? 
Lets just say a population has actually just 3 clowns and you ended up choosing them, okay? Now the chance that you chose the 3 clowns out of 100 people people is:
0.03 * 0.02 * 0.01 = 1 out of 6 million.
Now imagine you had 50% clowns.
Now the probability you chose the 3 clowns is 0.5 * 0.49 * 0.48 = 0.1176 so 1 in 9. better but still not quite.
What about all of them are clowns?
1 in 1, okay thats pretty high.
What you do then, is you break down all the possibilities by probability and then integrate the whole thing, and then you take the median as your estimate for the population. Which would be something like 85% of them are clowns, and then it would also have a variance which extends towards the 100% mark.
Point it, the 100% mark will not instantly be the median. 
But you are pretty well to estimate that 85% of them are clowns with a high variance. Not that 85% is what I intuitively think the calculation will yield, might be slightly lower or slightly higher I am not going to calculate that now.
And the point is that this assumption is absolutely valid. It is absolute truth.
Nobody cares about radfems people just make up lies about us to dismiss us and we get cancelled and deleted off platforms so it seems like we don't exist and we have to use halfdead invite only sites
Men wear slutty shit because they want to be like men and men have no sense modesty for clothing. They will flail their titties and hair ass legs all the time.
Men do not wear slutty anything unless they're gay. Only gays are sexually into that clothestyle on men. 
Rest of the post
Are you having fun in the 50's? 
Probably if girls wanted to dress comfy they would dress in tracksuits like they do in some countries
When I was in hs boys would wear tank tops torn to basically be pieces of fabric showing their nipples because they wanted to show off their muscles men definitely do dress slutty haha
Seems like you're learning that feminist activism did nothing, that it was all corporations and think tanks that chosed what they liked in order to destroy human community and submit every single aspect of our lifes to the economic logic of the market and the selfish tyranny of liberalism (original meaning, neither modern American or European one)
My intuition in my entire life has never once been wrong, not even slightly.
So you're a delusional narcissist. That would have been nice to know earlier.
What you do then, is you break down all the possibilities by probability...
No, what you do then, and this is where you're fucking retarded, is you GATHER MORE EVIDENCE so that you KNOW YOU'RE RIGHT rather than just calculating the odds of being right in your head and calling it a day.
hs boys
muscles
wearing torn tank tops
You're like from other dimesion, boys in my hs that wanted to get some girls with their looks dressed scene or visual K and it was about having good taste and being trendy
I graduated 10 years ago maybe that's why also my hs was full of jocks and had a big weightlifting scene. Even girls did weights
Again, you're missing the point (willfully, I presume). It has nothing to do with men's perception of women and everything to do with a woman's liberty and right to self-determination. If a woman wants to whore herself out, that is her right. Your opinion doesn't matter outside of your own choices. You don't have to like sexually active/liberated women, that's your choice. They don't have to conform to your prudish ideals, because they don't belong to you.
delusional narcissist
It is just math, it can not be wrong.
That you are too stupid to understand that math can not be narcissistic is your problem.
you GATHER MORE EVIDENCE so that you KNOW YOU'RE RIGHT
Look. I told you how you calculate the objectively correct probability.
This is objective fact.
Even if no one calculated it, the probability would still be as I described it to you.
No one can change it.
KNOW YOU'RE RIGHT
You never know you are right. You just get lower variance, but the formula never changes, and you remain always on the hook.
Maybe for a 3 in a Million Chance there were only 3 clowns in 100 people - I doubt that.
But hey you can gather more data.
Point is the formula never changes, it is absolute truth.
You will always have to live with variance.
And just account for it. That is how my intuition can never be wrong, because my intuition always tells me that it might be wrong (which is again, what is called variance), and therefore it can never be wrong. If someone tells you: I do not know. Can he possibly be wrong?
If someone tells you: most likely its like that, but maybe not; can he truly every be wrong?
The variance prevents you from ever being wrong. 
I know it is hard to understand. 
Its the same for the sample.
You MUST calculate the probability because it is absolute truth.
Do you know what it means that something is absolute truth?
It means that your feelings and opinions do not matter; you can never ever possibly change it
Belief me that I'm on my city's oly weightlifting club. 
We have tons of hs kids there (specially girls) and none of the boys has enough muscle to show off. That's something usually only +16 years old guys have and they're either at preparatory or working. 
Also no one uses tanktops at training, at gatherings or at the street but one guy that's 30 years old and the old tanktop style maillot hasn't being used by any national club in at least, the last decade
I suppose that tanktops have droppes out of fashion
I thought feminism was supposed to turn women from a sex object into the equals of men
A common misconception. The agenda of feminism is part of the global cultural-marxist agenda to destabilize the capitalist societies and make a marxist revolution possible. Many feminists take openly side for marxism and support socialism. Other elements of the agenda like black lives matter and antifa do the same. It's not a coincidence that feminism is targeting the traditional family and religion, because that is fundamental for the stability of a society. Also the propagated ideology of no-child and abortion rights is part of the destabilizing strategy. Young women are now trained on purpose to hate men and the culture that is labeled "patriarchy", to a degree where they openly say that they want their culture and countries to fail and collapse. The marxist agenda is quite obvious here.
What? If anything feminism is being pushed by corporations and liberal western democracies, not by the likes of China, North Korea and so on. 
Liberalism has more in common with communism than what you think.
corporations and liberal western democracies
... are now basically controlled by international marxists, yes.
They're not marxists. It's just that liberalism is the origin of every mistake of this last centuries
There was an old Catholic book about this called "Liberalism is a sin".
And here is the thing, say you collect more data. 
So what do you do while you are collecting more data, OR when you conclude that collecting more data is not possible at the moment?
You act according to the best possible estimate you have - with all the variance that it entails.
This means that you should not be too fast to judge someone immediately if you have only few data samples, but you should also not be naive and just ignore the data that you already have.
Everything has to add up.
If you do not use information that you have you are being willfully ignorant.
It is all just math. Math does not care about what you think about it, it is just objectively absolutely correct. Please try to understand
Liberals in America are not actually liberal.
They are just calling themselves liberal.
Liberal has become an empty word now, but by the original definition, and in fact how it is in Europe, the Republican Party really liberal.
The democrats are just communists nothing more
The problem is that women usually want to get jobs that are appealing to women and that men want to get jobs that are appealing to men and no amount of "egalitarianism" is gonna change overall demand from a populace. Are there exceptions to the rule? Yes. But there's a reason why there aren't a plethora of men lining up to be social workers and why you don't find many women who are engineers. Most men like working with objects rather than people and most women like working with people rather than objects, and that's just kind of how it's been since forever and that's why trying to attain equality of outcome instead of equality of opportunity is stupid and unrealistic. 
Why are modern women and feminists in general so obsessed with their bodies Why do they walk half-naked, prostitute themselves
Short answer? Because we live in a fallen world and these desires don't get immediately expunged through anger at men. 
Long answer? Ultimately it's because women would rather be doing that than being an office cuck especially when prostitution is so lucrative compared to other fields depending on how much work you're willing to put in on a consistent basis.
Check the connection between Obama, Hillary Clinton and Saul Alinsky. Marxism in US politics is a deep rabbit hole.
circumcision
liberalism is marxism is judaism is socialism is communism. same elephant, different viewing angle.
whoops. that greentext was a mistake. the rest of the post wasn't.
Have you read any marxist theory?
As a female i absolutely hate these LIBERAL feminists. If youre gonna be one atleast be a true radfam not a bitch who whines about being objectified while putting your tits into everyone faces
Yes, why?
original
Yeah this pretty much. It's a subversion and it's why most modern day feminists are actual whores compared to the older feminists who were actual mothers and had shit to live for.
Good thread. So, if i desire a female companion, i should look for an illiberal feminist with an open mind and strongly held values. 
I hope we can compromise on our beliefs and live happily toghether!
The Republicans are just a part of the problem, "conservatives" that have conservated nothing. 
It's just liberalism in slow mo
They're liberal leftists. They don't want communism, they just want trannynigger capitalism. 
They've acted against every communist country that still exists backed by massive corporations. 
They just want to turn everything and everyone in a degenerate grey mass of coomsumers
Liberalism was first, communism is just a reaction to the victory of liberalism. Socialism doesn't go against most of liberalism core ideas, it agrees with them
They're liberal leftists
They don't want communism
The mases of wokesters are just usefull idiots. They believe the propaganda about social justice and liberation, and have no idea who is really behind all this.
Many intellectuals think that marxism is a theory about economy, and leaded to a movement of oppressed workers fighting for freedom. It's not. All the anti-capitalism and class-struggle stuff was just bait to lure dumb people into the movement and start a revolution. That's what marxism is: a how-to-do guidebook to bring down the government through revolution and take over power. Every successful marxist revolution was leading to a totalitarian diktatorship, and the woke revolution will lead to the same if it wins the culture war. Average liberals and progresives have no idea what they are supporting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVyrsCM3TPA [Embed]
Do you know what it means that something is absolute truth?
Let me get this straight. You're claiming that if you meet three people and all of them are clowns, then all people must be clowns, and that's an absolute truth? You have a statistics education. You must know that three people is not a representative sample for a population of thousands or millions. On top of that, your "correlations" could easily be influenced by other factors - if you check for clowns in Clown City, you're going to falsely conclude that the whole rest of the country is clowns. Perhaps the problem is less that you're retarded and more that you're so socially inept you can't actually articulate what you're try to say? Have I misunderstood you somewhere?
So what do you do while you are collecting more data
I reserve judgement until I can confirm the correlation is statistically significant. Also, I actively meet new trans people - I mean actively collect more evidence instead of shitposting on the internet about my intuitive wizard powers.
When you conclude that collecting more data is not possible at the moment?
You recognize that your existing assumptions are weak and do what you think will cause the least harm to people if you're wrong. Again, measure twice, cut once.
This means that you should not be too fast to judge someone immediately if you have only few data samples, but you should also not be naive and just ignore the data that you already have.
"ignoring data" is not the same thing as "Making bullshit extrapolations from bad evidence." If you know your evidence is weak, don't risk hurting anyone.
If you do not use information that you have you are being willfully ignorant.
But you don't actually have that information. All you have is your current assumption about what that information is, and you've already admitted that assumption is pretty weak based on three samples from a huge population.
It is all just math. Math does not care about what you think about it, it is just objectively absolutely correct. Please try to understand
You are using math to justify immoral actions. Immoral actions are bad whether you do math about them or not. People have feelings and they get hurt and they suffer. I doubt you will ever understand.
First of all population size over like a thousand does not change anything anymore, because the math stays the same.
Having a sample size of 100 is as good for a thousand as it is for ten thousand, or ten billion population. It does not affect the numbers much. 
You're claiming that if you meet three people and all of them are clowns, then all people must be clowns, and that's an absolute truth? 
Look, if you are too dumb to read I can not help you. Just read what I wrote again. It is just so tiresome.
If you are dropped at random in a country, and then you open the population database and select 3 random people from the database, and all 3 happen to be black. Then the maximum likelihood estimate for the probability of the next person also being black is very high. Around 85% 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_likelihood_estimation
This is not trivial stohastics, read the example about the unfair coin, and just read it instead of it being a coin flip, think about someone being a clown or not, it is really the same thing. That is basically what I am trying to explain to you.
Look at 
Discrete distribution, finite parameter space
Basically what I am using is the maximum likelihood estimate. And it is the absolute truth that this is the way the probability works in this case.
clowns in Clown City
Yes this is indeed a danger, but if the samples are not taken from the same milieu then there is no danger of that.
The probability that the three cities you take Someone from are all three clown cities ist about the same as they all just being clowns in normal cities.
There is also a chapter on non-independent variables on Wikipedia.
justify immoral actions
No you are using ignorance to justify immoral actions.
You are proposing to change society and just do things which common sense tells us is foolish and dangerous, while you have no evidence and in fact you are ignoring all evidence to the contrary.
This is how people like you have ran society into the ground.
The reasonable default position is to just act like people have always acted. Because that has apparently worked pretty well to bring us where we are.
You are just making an accusation of someone trying to hurt people, yet it is you who want to allow men to run around naked on the streets with their genitals exposed.
I want people to dress modestly and act normally because that is proven to work reasonably well - just as they always have done.
It is insane to me how you can just assume Revolution as a default without - as admitted by you, any evidence to support your actions.
First of all population size over like a thousand does not change anything anymore, because the math stays the same.
What do you even mean by "change anything" here? You're incredibly difficult to follow.
If you are dropped at random in a country, and then you open the population database and select 3 random people from the database, and all 3 happen to be black. Then the maximum likelihood estimate for the probability of the next person also being black is very high. Around 85%
Yeah, and 85% is not 100%. Also, blackness is a very easy trait to objectively determine. Narcissism is a bit harder. If you meet three people and all three of them happen do be a bad mood, do you then conclude that everyone in the world is in a bad mood? Your numbers seem to radically oversimplify the things you're trying to talk about.
This is not trivial stohastics, read the example about the unfair coin, and just read it instead of it being a coin flip, think about someone being a clown or not, it is really the same thing. That is basically what I am trying to explain to you.
And I am trying to explain to you that you have an imperfect ability to detect clowns. Your statistics only apply when the trait you're looking at is trivially measurable. But I guess you have super intuition so you instantly know everything about people just by talking to them once. 
Basically what I am using is the maximum likelihood estimate. And it is the absolute truth that this is the way the probability works in this case.
It is the absolute truth that it works in the scenarios you have constructed, but none of them accurately model the system you're dealing with. Your math may be right but your initial assumptions are wrong.
Yes this is indeed a danger, but if the samples are not taken from the same milieu then there is no danger of that.
No, now you're just sampling from different populations and combining them into one. Discord trannies are not tumblr trannies are not IRL trannies.
The probability that the three cities you take Someone from are all three clown cities ist about the same as they all just being clowns in normal cities.
You never mentioned taking from different cities or anything else like that in your initial design. You said that three clowns was enough to conclude the whole lot are clowns, no matter how they're chosen. Actually visiting a different city to see you're just in clown city is gathering more evidence, exactly the thing I'm trying to tell you do.
You are proposing to change society and just do things which common sense tells us is foolish and dangerous, while you have no evidence and in fact you are ignoring all evidence to the contrary.
"Being nice to people" is foolish and dangerous?
You are just making an accusation of someone trying to hurt people, yet it is you who want to allow men to run around naked on the streets with their genitals exposed.
How does that hurt anyone? You never explained what was wrong with this. You just seem to clutch your pearls and faint. So much for absolute truth.
I want people to dress modestly and act normally because that is proven to work reasonably well - just as they always have done.
See, I told you suck at everything other than math. I'm sure if you Google it you can find lots of historical examples of men with their genitals out across time, including Diogenes, a well-respected philosopher.
It is insane to me how you can just assume Revolution as a default without - as admitted by you, any evidence to support your actions.
What "revolution" am I asking for? Just don't be mean to people over what they choose to weak. Kindergartners can learn to figure this out, why can't someone with magic intuition and a degree it statistics?
Women want everything. They want to have their options and to be protected by greater society while betraying them. Simps allow this.
So when you see a feminist with sex object clothing and cognitive dissonance, I think you can safely assume that they're just looking for options with no consequences and acting retarded because they don't want to admit it.
mean by "change anything" here? 
Mathematically as the population gets large enough the amount of measurements needed to get a certain confidence no longer increases with the population. On the contrary it converges.
The difference between 1 million and 1 billion population for maximum likelihood estimation is non existent. This is because the probabilities no longer change when you take out one element of the population.
therefore you just use raw probabilities at this point.
Someone answered it on Quora maybe you like his explaination better:
https://www.quora.com/Why-does-only-sample-size-not-population-size-matter-in-a-sample-survey
imperfect ability to detect clowns
This makes the measurement have noise.
But there are more complex models for that. But as you can imagine this is a common problem that is well understood.
Lots of measurements have noise, that does not make the measurement invalid. The signal to noise ratio just needs to be high enough that you get a basic understanding of the situation and then you can basically filter it out.
discord 
Sorry my population was only irl. I generally do not equate only presence to irl experience as you would be bound to get a biased sample form the internet, duh.
Someone answered it on Quora maybe you like his explaination better:
This isn't even remotely relevant to our actual discussion. You know three is not a representative sample of millions because if it was the entire fields of psychology and sociology would be much, much simpler.
But there are more complex models for that. But as you can imagine this is a common problem that is well understood.
Yeah, but you show no evidence of or willingness to use more complex models. You specifically insisted you didn't need them, that three samples was enough.
Sorry my population was only irl. I generally do not equate only presence to irl experience as you would be bound to get a biased sample form the internet, duh.
If all three of your samples are IRL, though, you're still wildly vulnerable to Clown City. For example, you seem like a shitty person, and shitty people tend to stick together, so it's natural that every member of a rare group you meet is an asshole, because you yourself filter for assholes. Again, your complete inability to consider that you might be imperfect is why you're trying to use math this way at all, instead of using the methods used by people who actually study this stuff instead of having a master's degree in an unrelated field.
No when you talk about statistics you always talk about random samples. You can be coy if you want but it is obvious that this is meant this way and only someone with absolutely no knowledge of the topic would assume otherwise or does so in bad faith.
But even a non independent sample can yield interesting results if you can factor out the covariants.
Being nice to people
only in the same way that Hitler was just being nice to people
No when you talk about statistics you always talk about random samples. You can be coy if you want but it is obvious that this is meant this way and only someone with absolutely no knowledge of the topic would assume otherwise or does so in bad faith.
And if you select your samples randomly, you're still vulnerable to getting unlucky and making the wrong conclusion. It's rich of you to accuse me of bad faith when you must well know that your methods aren't used to study sociological phenomenon because they're too complex for this kind of thing. All it takes is just slightly increasing your sample size to make your conclusions much more robust and make you fare less prone to error. Anyone competent in stats can see the value in that.
only in the same way that Hitler was just being nice to people
See, you can't engage with me on the actual morality of this at all. You can regurgitate irrelevant statistics but you are totally silent regarding my core criticisms:
you are often wrong
it's best to take a little bit of extra effort to avoid being wrong
when being wrong means hurting people, it's better to err on the side of not hurting people
If you reply, please quote each of the above points and find me the specific Hitler quote that endorses them. Otherwise, my irrefutable intuitive evidence points to you being a butthurt autist with no empathy.
Three samples is enough for a fair confidence in how you act. The more complex models with noise essentially boil down to: the noise cancels out, therefore you just ignore it. 
It is how it is.
Read the fucking Quora explaination.
Read the Wikipedia.
You do not understand anything what is written there. Or read my answers.
The fact that you still mention
a population of millions of people
Proves that you do not get the absolute most fundamental basics of statistics.
The most fundamental first thing about statistics you learn is that population size does not matter. Only sample size matters. 
And a sample size of 3 already gives you an estimate.
you are often wrong
it's best to take a little bit of extra effort to avoid being wrong
when being wrong means hurting people, it's better to err on the side of not hurting people
Hitler literally said that in one of his speeches word for word.
He was talking about how you need to be careful to rout out the Jew root and stem and that it is better to err on the side of caution with them.
Three samples is enough for a fair confidence in how you act.
When you risk hurting people, "fair" confidence is not enough. Would you drink something I gave you if I told you I had "fair" confidence it was not poisoned?
You do not understand anything what is written there. Or read my answers.
Where are my Hitler quotes? You're not even reading my posts. This is not about stats. This is about how you treat people. Are you even fucking capable oft talking about that?
And a sample size of 3 already gives you an estimate.
Especially if you do nothing to eliminate selection bias.Your "estimate" will always work out to what you wanted to be anyway.
The most fundamental first thing about statistics you learn is that population size does not matter. Only sample size matters.
If only sample size matters, you should be trying to increase your sample size. Simple as.
Hitler literally said that in one of his speeches word for word.
So fucking quote the speech and link the me the transcript. Are you too stupid to understand how citations work? Are you just fucking illiterate?
He was talking about how you need to be careful to rout out the Jew root and stem and that it is better to err on the side of caution with them.
I didn't say anything about Jews, I said:]
you are often wrong
it's best to take a little bit of extra effort to avoid being wrong
when being wrong means hurting people, it's better to err on the side of not hurting people
You need to quote me where Hitler made this exact points, not a point that's kind of like it. I can already tell you flunked English and Poli Sci.
Just Google it yourself, I will not sponged you.
Hitler said that.
How is Hitler about being better Safe then sorry with protecting the German people and different from what you are saying? Its exactly the same thing.
The thing is that you are literally retarded.
You do not even understand the first thing I said.
You are living proof why women should have no rights. 
LMAO.
I am off now.
If you at all care about the truth read some of the links I gave you.
Cheers
You aren't the main character having a penis does not mean everyone needs to fuck you or respect you for muh self worth as a man.
This is irrelevant to the conversation, nobody talked about "deserving sex" or any of the films you are making up in your mind.
This thread is about "do people deserve the level of respect they give to their own appearance?".
Also
The way you talk is cringe, effeminate asf
flunked English
English is my third language. But hey we are talking about assumptions right?
Anyway, bye bye
Just Google it yourself, I will not sponged you.
Now I know you're either a retard or a troll. I specially challenged you to back up your bullshit and you couldn't. Is completely fucking up once enough to conclude you don't understand stats either?
How is Hitler about being better Safe then sorry with protecting the German people and different from what you are saying? Its exactly the same thing.
I am saying:
don't hurt people
And Hilter was saying:
We need to hurt people to protect Germany.
These two statements are almost opposites. Are you like linguistically or semantically impaired or somerthing? Do you know what words mean?
The thing is that you are literally retarded.
Where are my Hitler quotes? Where are my citations? I made very reasonable requests and now you insult me.
You do not even understand the first thing I said.
That's on you for being barely able to communicate in the English language or stay on topic for more than two posts.
You are living proof why women should have no rights.
So a man was wrong and that reflects badly on women? So much for those assumptions.
If you at all care about the truth read some of the links I gave you.
The links you gave me are about statistics completely unrelated to what we're talking about. It's like I asked you if driving are car was fun or not and you linked me the manufacturer's specification for one of tires.
 Cheers
Nah.
English is my third language. But hey we are talking about assumptions right?
I can fucking tell. My advice is to quit the English language internet entirely until you can convey a coherent thought in the language.
Anyway, bye bye
Farewell, my limited and tedious friend.
Shut up yuricuck, YWNBAW.
Liberalism and progressism is already about a dictactorship they just use msm and surveillance
We're already in a dictatorship and people not being able to see it speaks a lot about how indoctrinated they're
If you don't see it try to start a business or do something else with your land that even barely productive. You can't, there're like thousands of bs legislation pieces and you have to pay what's just institutionalized bribe if you even want it to go on
inb4 but classic liberalism is the opposite
That's not, the first thing liberalism did was to steal lands, pass protectionist legislation and destroy freedom of association
There's also the selfdestructive nature of the market where private economic agents allow for the expansion of the state into the economy just to reduce uncertain risks
Based, this was the first thing that the Church observed about liberalism 1-2 centuries ago, that it was freedom to sin. 
That it was made to permit every inmorality, to break with traditional uses and customs
all economic systems are bad
No shit, sherlock.
