anyone else here had long hair? i cut mine the other day. dad was happy i cut it but my mom, aunt, grandma and sister got kinda upset by it. 
having long hair was so annoying tho, had to wear bandanas so it didn't go in my mouth and food while eating.
yeah my hair used to be long as fuck pass my nipples but same it was kinda annoying even though I liked it
cut it to about shoulder length myself in the mirror its not too bad
I have long, greasy hair. It gets all over the place. There are always hair balls in the dryer and the shower drain. Too lazy to cut it. Don't care.
how do you prevent it going into your food tho? doesn't it look gay as fuck wearing a ponytail?
anyone else here had long hair?
I still do. I shaved myself bald in 2016 and heavily regretted it. Haven't cut it since.
I used to have it long but it got in the way too much because of how thick it was. Kinda annoying so I prefer having short hair now. Feels and looks better imo.
I had it cut. I'm kind of a hippie alternative type guy but people say i just look better with it short so yeah.
dad was happy i cut it but my mom, aunt, grandma and sister got kinda upset by it.
your dad is right
I want it to be longer. It's shoulder length atm and my parents are often negging me about cutting it.
yeah. he strikes me as a brainlet boomer some times but so far i haven't listened to him so giving him a chance is overdue. by now i think hes right because i've done pretty much everything but what he told me to and it failed miserably.
I've kind of settled on keeping mine medium length for now, like not letting it go much past my ears on the side or nose in the front (in the back I won't let it go past that bump on the top of the spine)
There's something liberating about cutting it yourself too instead of going to a shop and I can relate about it being very annoying when it gets into your mouth when it's long
mom, aunt, grandma and sister got kinda upset by it
are you sure they were upset and not thinking "damn I want to fuck my relative now that he's looking a bit more manly". How were they upset? I've heard of women clamming up a little bit when they're more attracted to someone whereas before they may have felt more open when around you because of the aloof long hair
