Over the last 2 or so years, I've become increasingly obsessed with the UK/Britain. I wouldn't describe myself as an Anglophile because I'm not really into shit typical "Anglophiles" that I am familiar with are into (like The Beatles, Dr. Who, etc). I couldn't care less about that shit. Sure I enjoy some Phil Collins but I'm not a fanatic when it comes to pop culture stuff.
See as an American mutt I always knew due to my last name that I was at least some Welsh (they immigrated to the US in the 1870s). But a few years ago I took a DNA test and found out that not only do I have Welsh blood, but the rest is almost all English/Celtic. And considering how all these people online and offline here in the US are so damn proud of their heritage of whatever backwater country their parents immigrated from, I've become obsessed with the British Isles after tracing back my ancestry. I've tracked down every town the ancestors lived in, their ages, what Christian denomination they were, and even found out what some of them did for a living. And even though they were like 99% peasantry I couldn't be prouder.
I seem to have constructed this idealistic idea of the UK as a pseudo-medieval wonderland with castles everywhere and people proud to be living under the royal line that traces back hundreds of years. I bawled my eyes out when Her Majesty passed away (PBUH). I fucking listen to medieval English music in the car, I've put the Union Jack flag everywhere and spend hours every week reading up on British history (especially medieval times). I've even convinced myself the American Revolution was unjustified and that we should have stayed under the Crown. I've looked into work visas, how to get dual citizenship, and even want a British gf so I can purge the 12% german out of my bloodline.
I also have a trip planned in 2 months where I'm going to be visiting some of the places where my ancestors lived and I've never been more excited for a trip like this before.
Anytime anyone brings up their heritage in a conversation I chime in too if they aren't already aware of my lineage. And I justify it in my head by saying it can't be as bad as what weeaboos do because at least I have British blood, unlike weebs who larp as Japanese. Most of the time I keep the obsessive stuff to myself but I feel myself wanting to be vocal and proud of it more and more. Especially with all of those cringy "Bri'ish" memes floating around.
Am I just losing my mind or is this okay to do? I want to make my ancestors proud. Would the British people accept me if I moved there (and maybe toned down my enthusiasm a bit)? Or would I be a laughingstock?
Yeah thats weird. Theres very little about Britian in its modern incarnation thats of any real note. Outside of some small select few places. I cannot imagine a fate worse than living somewhere like Sheffield or Huddersfield. Complete post industrial hasbeen shitholes.
Kek I am actually going to be driving through Sheffield on the trip in order to get to the Peak District.
I will concede that I do love the US for its many natural beauty spots that I have visited and human-built places, but the UK just has so much more history, and it's all just sitting right there next to you. Meanwhile, the only places right next to me are fucking shopping centers and fast food restaurants.
But maybe have you considered that it takes an outsider's eye to see the beauty in a place. Where you see post-industrial shitholes, I see pure ANGLO SOVL
You are going to be very disappointed, sorry mate
The lake districts and park district and cotswolds are very much so the exception to the rule for the most part. It is true in Europe we very much so take castles and such for granted. Here in Ireland the land scape is dotted with megalithic tombs, norman castles and ancient pagan standing stones that are so take for granted that we just let them chill out unmarked for the most part. 
So un marked and unknown that people dont even know they are there. I took a trip out of town to an ogham stone recently enough only to find that it was no where to be fucking found. Had to dig up some old archive stuff to find out cows had been using it as a scratching post so I put 2 and 2 together and waddaya know it got knocked over by a fucking cow. Waste of a walk. Did end up walking to a nearby castle instead.
But no for the most part England is devoid of a lot "anglo soul". The majority of english towns are not quite so magical. They are gambling and kebab shop pocked glorified housing estates at this stage. What The brittish isles and Ireland have though is some very nice country side.
Well luckily I will be visiting the Lake District and the Peak District, both of which look great. We're also going to a lot of the "touristy" spots, like Central London, Stonehenge, Bath, York, Loch Ness, Edinburgh, etc. Also seeing a small town in Wales where my family name originates from.
Of course like in any country I'm sure there are bad areas. In the US we have Detroit which looks like it came out of a Fallout game. Literally a post-apocalyptic wasteland. So that's why I've chosen to avoid cities like Glasgow, Bristol, Liverpool, etc because they seemed a bit seedy.
It's fine to romanticise your heritage, but don't let it get in the way of reality. Delusion isn't going to change that the UK is a post-industrial run-down shithole that's being infested by foriners like insects to a carcass; that is only kept afloat by a strong currency, a good projected image and some old aristocratic families.
Maybe you can have a jolly old nice time touring the tourist traps, but stay the fuck on the designated path and don't look past the happy veneer. The whiplash unironically might do you harm; there's an injoke over here that the only reason we conquered most of Earth was because were were so desperate to get the fuck away from the UK. Over here, it's grey skies, with grey concrete roads, with grey buildings driven past by grey cars, with grey people and grey mindsets and one of the most hyper-orwellian surveillance systems and reflexively tyrannical governments + openly exploitative employers on Earth. There's a reason why most 'british humour' is dry, cynical and dark, and was that decades before post-ironic modern humor. After making a conceited effort to understand other cultures and peoples, I can say with absolute confidence that the UK is the culminate modern dystopia, and few other countries even come close.
The only good things about the UK are the familiar natives, the heritage and the nice countryside, and all of those are being systematically erased for international convenience. Nothing short of a civil war is going to save us, and seemingly in national tradition (just like with Alfred the Great or Godwinson's wars or the Armada or with Cromwell), we're probably gonna leave it until the last minute until shit's somehow even more fucked.
Peak District.
Go for the Lake District, stay away from civilisation if possible.
even want a British gf
The 10/10 in bongland thing isn't a meme.
Will be happy to answer any other questions you have.
If you are going to touristy places check out Avebury. It's a stone cairn like stonehenge but even larger and incorperates the same kind of asterisms and sky ground connections.
Thanks for the detailed response. I guess I'll really find out what life is like there once I visit, but it is good to know that I should temper my expectations. Maybe by the end of the trip I 'll at least have gotten to visit it before the insectoid foreigners try to fuck it up more.
Certainly, thanks, I will take a look into it. The pictures look quite nice.
Based but this country is >95% awful, you're a few hundred years too late old chum
It's a shithole originally
