After the nonstop pilling stop from Koreanbros. I have taken a non bias look at the information they were providing and unironically i have accepted defeat. In this day and age with the rise of manosphere groups and inceldom. With nearly 65% of Zoomer men being single and Women now are becoming the more educated gender. They are shifting away from the patriarchy they have been shackled too. It only makes sense women are flying out to leave us crusty White men for the far superior Korean man. I dont blame them and i wish them luck in their endevaor.
Is Froude Society a r9k member?
You just need to accept the reality fren. I know it was difficult for myself also. But once you realize the truth it will set you free. I thought here we were all logical blackpill truth seekers and non bias individuals
Yeah, sure whatever
Aaaand hide thread
Are normies unironically more blackpilled then robots?
Everyone is agreeing, but whitebros are denying it?
Were normies right when they said inceldom is a White supremacy ideology?
This bitter hag is virtue signalling for woke points.
This is her, kek. Somebody got rejected by KimChad and lost her mind, clearly. 
This bitch is sooooo stuuuuupid.
Is it a tranny? The milkers could be fake, serious butterface thing going on
Ugh, honestly im tired of this racebait shit from Koreans.
But, yes ive actually traveled to Korea about a year ago. 
And i can confirm these things are true, but too what extent? I have no idea. I did see a decent amount of AMWF in this country that ive never seen in others. An alarming rate of White women were traveling here either by herself or with her friends. Its usually the opposite. I guess media really does mold the mind of people and the perception of others. Its a odd phenomenon thats occuring which alot of bros will refuse to admit unless they travel their. It kinda feels like the Thailand for females.
Anyways you guys should all touch grass. None of this matters and wont help your personal sex life. Oh yea and most likely non of you are Koreans.
What exactly is wrong with white girls going to Korea and white guys going to Thailand? Both the Thai and Korean economies benefit greatly from it. Thai women want green cards and a way to come to the west, Korean men want flings with foreign girls. Why does everyone have to turn it into some political bullshit? Bye the biggest female sexpat demographic is Chinese and Japanese girls by far. So why does nobody care that Jap girls are going to Korea to get railed by Jin Jong bad boys? Let people do whatever the fuck they want. Sexpats dont hurt anyone.
Human trafficking gets profitable
Human trafficking is a literal nothingburger. Obviously, dudes who go to Thailand to rape kids are heinous and gross, but there is literally nothing wrong with an adult man and woman agreeing to have sex with each other. I dont care if money is exchanged or who benefits from what. Its none. Of anyones. Business. Let people fuck who they want.
Aite Whitebros, we need to goto Korea and fuck their women into submission make these ricedicks stfu
Mayocels are down so bad that they are psyoping normies LARPing as females JFL.
Mayocels been sexpatting for literal decades in shitholes like Thailand and now its a problem cause women are doing it in Korea?
KYS nigger.
Nah. Stick to Thailand.
It's over white bros. These days, every girl you meet has already been RICED so hard that she won't even feel you. It's time to admit defeat.
Will solve itself. Ricecels are suicidal cucks.
I have a theory.
This chimper just can't live without having the final word.
This is to test that.
Lol
Lmao
Lol, got 'em.
73036209
More moids kill themselves in Lithuania than Korea. Its 65 for Lithuanian males vs 35 for Korea. Korean female suicides are much higher than Lithuanias female suicides.
Amazing use of time, buddy. I can't ever see how chimping out could be any entertaining at all.
Dont reply to him kek, he was here for 20 hours straight. Imagine the smell.
Anyway, whiteboys kill themselves more than Korean men.
Kek
Yeah, I was just testing it out. It's a pattern I noticed. This sperg just has to respond to everything with chimpouts almost immediately.
It's funny how true it is.
kek
What are you having for dinner today koreabro?
I'll be snacking on mayo-flavoured snacks in a bit. Then I'll eat Mac and Mayo-cheese later tonight for dinner.
Kek. For real though, I actually hate mayo. So disgusting, slimy and bland. Gonna eat something spicy instead.
Why? I love devouring mayonnaise shit. I also love crackers, especially the white ones. If not those, I love pork-based dishes. The ones made from those whitish pink piggies, you know?
Sure, I puke right after because those foods are disgusting. But it's still nothing to my spice-hardened belly.
She LOVES the mighty BWC
When you are down in the dumps.
Remember your enemies will never be Korean.
My girlfriend is Korean, I've been all over Korea over the passed 2 years in an LDR with her. I can say there's about a 50/50 mix of AMWF and WMAF couples (significant considering how common WMAF is). Most WMAF are British/New Zealand/angloid or German men, while all AMWF couples have American or possibly Canadian women (im going off accent here). If you wanna witness it easily go to iPark mall, Gwangjang market, or Gyeongbokgung Palace (especially near where they rent hanbok). You'll see the largest concentration there I guess for Instagram reasons. If you can stand near them in a line to overhear their conversation you will hear some of the most vapid shit from the American woman just constantly comparing the US and Korea (usually putting the US down), like "Oh in America, we don't usually ride the bus it's for poor people but everyone rides it here! That's amazing!" The fucked up part is walking passed these white women, they will STILL give me the dirty side eye over their masks for me dating a beautiful Asian woman, like I'm the traitor.
So basically its all self Amerimutt haters. Kinda based ngl.
Honestly ive seen the opposite, but ive not gotten close enough to interact with them or overhear them. Usually looks like a Korean local with a White female.
The WMAF always seem to be Asian female from the West. You can tell by their clothings/skin color/weight especially lol
one more thing i wanted to add is thats especially the case for BMAF in Korea. They are 100% from America
More just ignorant public educants. I try to avoid other Americans in Korea, it's a beautiful country with thoughtful people, I've grown to hate my home country for how weak and selfish it's people are. Even the blacks in Korea are usually better, mostly military pedigree. Their kids however-
