Just a reminder, YWNBK
(You will never be korean)
Just a reminder, YWNBAWhite
non korean spamming his cope chinese sea couples JFL
seething
gookcel MINDBROKEN by BWC
Kek
This is what, thread 16 about Koreans? Shut the fuck up already
b-b-b-but!!!!
:'(
YOU WILL NEVER BE KOREAN STORMY
also good morning :)
No.
Im happy about that, also nice cherry picked image, we all know white women want korean men
Im happy about that, also nice chelly picked image, we all know white women want kolean men
me on the left
comment
Nice cherry picked video of a teenage creep. They exist in every ethnicity
me on the left last night in my bed
Fuuu-
Can you blame me? Nothing feels better than having the right to say I am korean
Korean women are easy to pick up if you are in Seoul. You just have to be white and not fat or ugly as shit. Easy as.
Dont lie, They are reserved for korean chad such like myself.
gookcel
chad
Kek
Lmao even
Sethhehehehe and cope he looks better than all of you yt incels.
gookcel talking about looks
Lol
Tell that to all the US service members that are sweating because they went out for some drinks on R an R, and now they are afraid they are about to have a bi-racial child. Seriously, It's really easy. Getting laid as a white dude in Korea is almost as easy as going to the drive thu to pick up a meal.
doppleganger me - why herro
be thread
have 'korean'
500 replies
every night
Lol please white boy, we all see you standing alone while Korean chads mog you and take your women from under your nose
You are the fucking fake ytoid pretending to be me
._.
i even lose my moniker, after years of hard posting.
tfw friendzone
tfw no name
Who the fuck are you and why do you embarrass me by typing like a faggot
haven't been on this board for a while, what the fucks up with the bug posting?
Never forget
one video
65 white boys 
all alone or in white boy sausage circle 
pussyless 
maidenless
no korean girls in sight 
utterly ignored 
meanwhile korean chad pulls two white horses and a korean girl and takes them all home in front of you
im me. literally me, being myself, losing my religion
Ok. And you arent me.
gookcels foaming at happy BWC CHAD and his asian cumdumpster
This was the video and image that killed the mayocel. As soon as this was posted is when they cumstain went on his 22 hour long porn spam. And hes doing it again today. Kek. Utterly buckbroken and conquered.
The gookcel WMAF enthusiast
no, certainly not.
are they even together? they seemed awkward when i saw his stream months ago.
I love you stormy b my korean bf
;_;
i feel
im unironically single and in the friendzone with giga-Kacey. my emotions are willingly given to her, along with a lot of my money, how can you like an emo manslup like mi ._.
Leave the kacey and pls date me
im a boomer in my 30's with a beard ._.
ahjussi tier. quit thinking im some giga K.Chad
i look like this
Thats really cute. Id love to date you
still handsome ahjussi
kek! thank you for kindness.
STORMY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Why would I ever want to be korean ? 
I AM BRITISH.
I am better than koreans, I am better than you (unless you're also British). 
We dominate music, literature, history, film, architecture, war, economics, science, culture and sport. We dominate you. We are the protagonists.
I have never gone abroad and never will. Why would I leave this great nation ? Now fuck off and bow down faggot.
only because i dont love you. but lets say i did, then you'd friendzone me ;_;
Isn't your country runned by Muslims, Indians and Blacks?
Nice dominating dicklet.
Also picrel
lmao in the image you posted s korea is only .03cm above bongland. Although there was never any doubt about size of Korean wangs
ok dicklet u still avoided the indian muslim black thing tho.
NTA or white mate. Its obvious that the west is falling. Its just annoying how you shit up the catalogue with your schizo posting
Erect Length (cm) - South korea - 10.8
UK - 14.3
Source - https://worldpopulationreview.com/country-rankings/penis-size-by-country
Pick better source next time subhuman.
Also, muslims are our fellow God fearing brothers you kike. We live, fight and die side by side for the glory of God and our glorious empire.
please choose sources that benefits the white man
sorry dicklet. now we know why ur women choose us and bbc lololol
https://worldpopulace.com/penis-size-by-country/
https://www.worlddata.info/average-penissize.php
bruh its literally the exact same thing as the other source you posted, only a .1 inch difference between bongerland and Korea, even if youre trying to btfo bongs youre not doing yourself any favors
1.White British (4%) were least likely to be in inter-ethnic relationships, followed by Bangladeshi (7%), Pakistani (9%) and Indian (12%) ethnic groups
2.The biggest difference between the sexes was found with the Chinese group, where women were almost twice as likely (39%) to be in an inter-ethnic relationship as men (20%)
Source - https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/marriagecohabitationandcivilpartnerships/articles/whatdoesthe2011censustellusaboutinterethnicrelationships/2014-07-03
The facts tell a different story, Asian women escape from a shithole called Asia and migrate to the UK to give birth to white British babies.
Yet again koreans got cucked by our superior genes. you niglet.
Dating statistics
Asians
Everything else statistics
SEE LOOK KOREAN
JFL you will never be Korean anon
your copium holds no bound
Your women fuck non-Korean men, while your country is having low fertility. Nice copium for sure.
your women fly out to fuck us and theirs nothing u can do about it
Cope. Korea has low fertility. Your women fuck non-Korean men.
lmao thats hilarious coming from a white guy.
isnt ur fertility so low it has to be upkept by immigrations?
cope brad cope
ur women flying out by the millions
I'm Asian. See Korea having low fertility. Cope and seethe.
Source - CNN
lol my secret sources say that all koreans suck dick.
Cope. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-60643446.amp
Korean men are usually woman-hating incels.
ur women belong to us and theirs nothing u can do about it
low fertility rate and highest suicide
Kek
look at the response how fuming the white boys were kek
Pls stop bullyinh imm a good boy
Oy veyy, goy look angry twitter NPCs, quick be angry too !
Why is every single AMWF couple Korean?
Why do White women love us so much?
Oh, yeah. I'm not whitoid, but have fun having young korean males committing suicide, while their women fuck foreign men.
Not every, evidence in the pic.
Cause the only Asian, White women like is Korean men.
Riding the White horse is a term for a reason in Korea.... White girls are known to be EZ
Kinda sad how easy they put out for us, but give no puss puss to White men back home
low fertility rate
highest suicide in Asia
misogyny
Koreanbros...
A minority of white women being race traitors is to be expected. Millennial and gen x white women flew out to africa and the Middle East for sex and got beheaded so now theyre going to a country thats both popular today and wont kill or rape them.
Korea really be winning though. 
Korean guys be putting up pics of all the White whores they have conquered all over their websites jfl
White horses for days
Anyone want to know what that hand sign means?
Alot of Korean men do this sign on their White horses heheheheh
they even do it together
Those comments aren't that off the mark. My ex gf whom I met on Tinder was a mulatta and was absolutely enamored with Kpop (Shinee was her fav and that faggot Taemin? Or however its spelled). She was also an absolute sperg, never used 4chan but could easily fit right in as a fembot, lived on the internet, obsessed with weaboo and koreaboo shit, awful hygiene, got pumped and dumped over and over again in her life despite only being 20, high school drop out, couldn't even muster the power to hold a part time job, and was 1000% a bpd demon. She was the half black female version of the basement dwelling chud archetype. What I gathered from her and being exposed to the kpop phenomenon through her, was that for most foreign girls who are into it, the obsession manifests very similarly to that of a western whitoid obsessed with anime and loli shit. 
For the most part, women drawn to Korea because of kpop-related fetishes aren't gonna be top tier women and you guys know that. That twitter thread encapsulates it perfectly and I've seen the same shit on my travels.. mid and overweight chicks with pastel coloured hair who have this fantasy that every Korean guy is gonna have the smooth talking rizz of some elite boyband member. Korean guys irl are awkward af, can't flirt for absolute shit (rizz literally doesn't exist as part of their culture. They don't flirt or tease. They just talk formally. I'm not even kidding.) and are manlets for the most part.
arent gonna be top tier women and mid and overweight chicks 
meanwhile in korea
pastel hair color!!!
kekaroni the mental gymnastics these guys go through
idk why you are coping
its a well known stereotyped white guys date ugly asian girls 
and asian guys who date white girls tend to be attractive
jfl
Foreign women in Korea =/= Koreaboos interested in Korean men. People travel abroad all the time. I've been to several Asian countries during college summers and it was always me and my group of foreigners doing things together without Koreans.
Are there gonna be absolute top tier chicks in Korea and some of them are interested in the men? For sure. In this world every permutation and combination exists. But again, in reference to that twitter thread, the reality is what those pictures encapsulate. Mid and overweight chicks with pastel coloured hair and an anime-tier obsession with "Korean culture" aka the Justin Biebers of Korean pop music. You guys know this.
Show me her back getting blown out by some BTS looking dude. No better yet, show me her back getting blown out by YOU. I wanna see you videos of you having sex my dude. I'll wait.
Ps. 21 posters in here, 79 replies. What else is new lmao
I dont know this anon.
I actually live in Korea and the womens ive posted is a daily occurance.
muhh this is normal, koreans arent special
muhh western justin bitchber
koreans date white girls at an abysmally higher rate
kpop makes shit out of other pop genres
Problem solved, do they same and dont respond to baits...
21 ips, 79 replies
normal
newfag
anyone in korea would know
I guarantee you that guy got no play lmfao. Show me that blonde getting her back blown out by that gook, like I said I'll wait. I've been to Hondae and Itaewon, I saw tons of Korean guys that look just like that approaching foreign girls and getting turned away. Who do you think you're fooling man lmao. 
Post pictures of YOU interacting and fucking sexy white women
type amwf on youtube
every single guy is korean and im pretty sure they blown the back out of all those white girls
meant for this
anyone in korea would know
it's now 21 and 84, and just like every other JBK thread, it never crosses 100 ips and the reply numbers swell to over 300. You guys are the same guys over and over and over again lmao just samefagging each other
Girl likes Kpop and Kdrama
Girl flies out to Korea because of this
Rejects Korean guys because my Worldview
mfw he coping this hard lmao
no no, no youtube, no living vicariously through others. on the internet, i can find every combination and permutation in the world. I can find a white man shitting into the mouth of a Korean girl if I wanted to. Fuck youtube. 
Post YOUR life. Show me YOU getting play with top tier Ukranian bitches. I'll wait.
OH NOES PLS SHOW ME UR COLLECTION OF WHITE GIRLS U HAD SEXOR WITH POST EVERYTHING AND DOX URSELF RIGH TNOW TIMESTAMP!
kys u dirty snow roach.
I thought so, pussy. 21 and 91 now. 
You can type in caps and pretend to mock me but the truth is harsh. You're saving and posting content you find online, living vicariously through other people, and not getting any real pussy yourself while posturing like you're superior to whoever you're trolling on this website. You're trash bro.
tfw he trying to act like hes not an incel while posting on r9k
u in pic
