Is this really what you do when you get home to your ""wife""?
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA that poor fucking child man
White boys make the best betabux and simps
Being cuck to BWC is a ricecels wet dream
A paid for, staged, photo op silly porn fantasy. For white boys, being cucked by Korean men is just an organic reality.
absolutely based and korean pilled
also lol @ the op's pic wtf is this shit.
i guess not surprising since they invented cuckoldry
Lmao cope more gookcel. BWC owns your women.
This repulses me on so many levels. What kind of fucking man is ok with being in that kind of arrangement?
Asian """males""" certainly are
Meanwhile every street on Seoul irl:
Imagine being this MINDBROKEN by BWC
I accept your concession, baby white clit. 
Meanwhile in reality, Korean Chads bang all the girls, and ignore the lonely little maidenless white boys looking on at their couples in sadness, top kek.
I think andreii98 and I have been running into different sorts of weebs.
thats a white w*men though
theyre naturally undesirable in all traits
Maximum gookcel denial and cope
Are you genuinely retarded? White women ARE the beauty standard. Asian women pay for surgery to have more European features, and niggers literally wear their hair on their heads.
https://youtu.be/HjSh_esW9W4?t=69 [Embed]
If you do not believe whats considered beautiful for both men and women globally is based on European features you are a fucking retard. Cope harder rice cell. Your men are short and your women dont have fertile hour glass figures.
asian women are more attractive on average by a lot, their bodies are naturally more slender, petit and feminine
Pick one.
its over
why would buzz feed demonize white women? thats its number 1 userbase u retard jfl at this mental gymnastic
Do you not look at what youre typing. Historically white people have been considered the most beautiful. This is a bigger cope than black women claiming any other women want to look like them LOL. Sorry you have short gook genetics.
lol I truly wonder how much of the BBC posters are truly asian, and how we figured that at least some of them were Asian. 
It just feels like were throwing a lot of shots at them with very little evidence
I'm the BBC poster, I'm white. I admit it
Simple. In their unhinged rage the ricecels make mistakes which are well documented.
ftfy
im an asian(indian) bbc poster. indians are basically honorary bbc anyway
And hello to you too Cheng.
something something copity cope
its over
