Do you faggots drink frappucinos?
sure. its pretty foamy, got an americano last time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVvT-xmdWCc&amp;pp&amp;t=71 [Embed]
Also before my job went perma-remote in 2020 I used to get the starbucks frappuccino bottles from the vending machine at my office sometimes.
I had a fucking iced frappuicino today for the first time in several months.
Now I KNOW the demons are watching and posting.
I did when I was a teenager. Who give a fuck desu
i don't drink starcucks
i only drink black coffee with grounds that i made myself
but i only drink coffee like once or twice a month if even that. i hate the taste of coffee and covering it with sugar doesn't help.\
Given the option, hell yeah.
Why don't I give you my own recipe?
1 Vanilla Bean Frappe, Venti
1 pump of Whip Cream at the bottom, plenty on top
2 servings of Dragonfruit on the bottom, 1 for the whipped topping
4 pumps of Raspberry Syrup.
On a very bad day, I drank this in a ghetto neighborhood asking for suicide. They went "damn, that looks bussin".
Make of that what you will.
No, I dislike creamy drink and food 
That's a lot of calorie
It's a fucking drink, how is it "masculine" or "feminine"?
Yikes! Incel trait
I've always tended towards skinny and prefer high calories foods and drinks wherever possible.
Be less autistic, it's obvious what that means.
iced latte. need the caffeine strength in the morning to wake me up
only cheap vodka and instant coffee with no sugar
I'm too broke for that 
t. people can't enjoy anything anymore because some is gonna call some bullshit on them
It's a drink. do people really care?
It's actually really important because drinking a frappucino as a man is a symbol of weakness and femininity. It's furthering the downfall of America and decaying masculinity.
I just drink black hazelnut coffee.
imagine being such a schizo that you actually care about what people drink.
I don't even know what that is, anon.
Are there any of these that just taste like chocolate milk?
Blacks love those fruity drinks. A black guy at the restaurant I worked at made a strawberry shortcake once, all these grilled out thugs who worked in the kitchen were losing their minds over it.
I bought one on accident once and I felt so gay
Yes. They're tasty
Fellas, is it gay to drink caffeinated beverages?
