Not gonna lie, half of what I post on here is just bait so I can schlick off to the replies. I have a rape fetish so it's pretty easy to get what I want.
Not gonna lie, half of what I post on here is just bait so I can schlick off to the replies
The large majority of what I post on here is variously intentionally edgy and transgressive, disingenuous and untrue, wholly meaningless, or no deeper than something I thought was funny.
Newfags deciding 4chan was the place to be their authentic self has been one of the worst things to happen to this website. You're not supposed to be your authentic self here
Why are you telling us this?
I don't think we care.
Are you the trans cutie from that other rape thread?
No i'm not trans and I don't know what thread ur referring too. Rape is a pretty common fetish.
You know I'm really in pain right? Whilst you're trying to inflame my suffering to diddle yourself, I'm contemplating if it's even worth staying alive. I know you and women care very little for my pain and the pain of any man ever. But it's truly awful that you exist.
Step one to living a better life is getting the fuck off of /r9k/, and until you do that nobody will have any sympathy for you.
Find a hobby that isn't interacting with people that get their kicks from fucking with you.
pretty common
i wonder how many simply refuse to admit it, can't be something you just let people know
Find a hobby that isn't interacting with people that get their kicks from fucking with you.
kek
meant this one
Yeah no it's an extremely common kink among women, and those are just the ones willing to report it, so chances are the stat is higher.
Find a hobby that isn't interacting with people that get their kicks from fucking with you.
it's not. You came here trying to find people like me. You're a vampire trying to justify yourself. The truth is you have all the blame for the pain you cause, and you don't want to believe it, but you genuinely are an awful person with no real justification for yourself. You do owe me an apology even if you are too defective of a human being to see that.
That wasn't me retard. Maybe you should stay on r9k and interact with other people as retarded as you daily.
Y-y-y-y-you need t-t-to apologize to me!
YOU GET WHAT YOU WORK FOR
AND YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE
SO YOU DON'T DESERVE ANYTHING
IF YOU EXPECT ANYTHING BUT TROLLS AND RETARDATION FROM 4CHAN YOU ARE FUCKED MY FRIEND
Let's meet up and reenact pic related together!
