Describe your ideal mtf girlfriend
dead in a fucking grave faggot
I want to rape bedman(?)
/thread
orogeny
Pretty much what I'd want in a woman, but with some caveats.
Boom. Done.
godammit, word for word what i was going to post
You'll never get a trans girlfriend at this rate
I think that's the intention, anon.
That covers most of the bases really. I just want a /lit/ qt to go /out/ with.
What's with the boa ownership bit? Is that based off someone you know or do you really like that kind of snake?
lol. lmao, even.
I really like that kind of snake.
I apply to all but the autism part :3 but I am diagnosed antisocial if that can make up for it. 
I used to pass even before hrt, at times people would just refer to me as a girl cause they didn't know, I'm 5'2, I'm doing pharmacy in uni and I'm the goodest girl, I still have my dick and don't intend on losing it, i'm still a virgin and have never done anything sexual irl, and I love being teased, but I also tease back!
Do you mean something other than ASPD or what's going on here?
based, fpbp
troons btfo
Ah no I mean Aspd, but I have gotten a lot of therapy to be a better person, so that's how I became the goodest girl!
Interesting, although how does ASPD affect you these days out of curiosity?
They are pretty nice snakes, do you have one of your own yet or do you plan to get one in the future?
Why the fuck would I do that
I'd date a man before I dated a tranny
Uh, one example I can give is i used to kill animals for fun before I got therapy to be better, and it went from that, to killing animals out of pity, like, if I saw one half dead I'd just finish them off, to not killing animals at all because I wouldn't like if someone did that to me, to wanting to protect them, because we have their life in our hands all the time, and they still choose to trust us and love us, they don't deserve being mistreated.
i dont hate mtf's, but i cant fuck with that tranny shit
i hope trannies experience happiness and love, their lives are horrible, i honestly have nothing against them. but im not into that shit
Wait why does that seem so familiar..? I should be concerned about my past now. Well, you seem like a neat person, but I won't get your hopes up -- I'm very certain I'm not the kind of person you'd want to be with. Also teasing back makes it better, I forgot to say that before.
looks cute
It's ok Anon, don't worry, I just felt like replying because it amused me how close I was to being your perfect match, but I also understand that you more than likely live very far away from me, and that even then, our personalities may clash, I do hope that you find someone who can makes you happy one day, MtF or not.
likes physical affection
It's ok Anon, don't worry, I just felt like replying because it amused me how close I was to being your perfect match, but I also understand that you more than likely live very far away from me, and that even then, our personalities may clash, I do hope that you find someone who can makes you happy one day, MtF or not.
Did you use to have someone like me in your past? :o
Well, it's not even the distance, I'm just pretty sure I have AvPD and as far as myself I'm a 26 year old dropout and NEET with no future. Thank you for the well wishes though, anon.
Nah, you just reminded me of myself when I was a kid. I only ever really killed some fish for fun sometimes but otherwise I had a similar path, without the therapy. I'm very certain I'm elevated in psychopathy though, which is likely why we're similar in that regard(since ASPD can be seen as being very high in psychopathy).
Sold to organleggers. Doubt that mess pays much but its out of my hair
Don't be like that... I believe in you, you may be a neet and a dropout but that doesn't mean your life won't amount to anything good, you can turn it around Anon, it's not easy, but I believe in you!
Having a living being's life in your hands is definitely one of the greatest highs known to man, I wouldn't worry about it too much, most people are like that as kids.
https://youtu.be/GmgShgaCJc0 [Embed]
get in gay men
There's a lot to fix, I don't know if I will but I have been looking into doing some things people have been praising me for as being creative/interesting. I don't really care if my life amounts to anything, I just know I'm not want someone wants. Hope you find your happiness though, anon. Well wishes.
Sorry, should have worded it better, it's not like your life has to amount to anything, I'd just like if you could have a life that would satisfy you, that you'd be able to look back on and say it was a life worth living, best of luck~
This is the bare minimum for my mtf gf. You said Ideal so I guess I would want her to pass and look like a hot 7/10 or higher woman
and also have a perfect female voice. Besides that the rest is sufficient enough for me.
She's content to just do drugs and cuddle or take naps a lot with me since I work remotely and sleep like 16 hours a day.
And she likes anime so I can show her anime I like. And she's cool with Boards of Canada and pop songs from the 90s because I'm an old millennial man who only listens to that stuff.
And she has problems so being with her feels like we're on an even footing instead of me feeling bad about being more defective than she is, like maybe she has diseases or is into wearing diapers.
Literally that's it. Be the cute feminine one everywhere else but pound my asshole the moment we're in horny mode and I'll love you forever.
If she has to be mtf, then I would like her to be a biological female transitioning back to a woman after a failed transition to a man.
That's... Not how being MtF works...
i dont date trans niggas but i MIGHT make an exception for any FtM that looked like maki from JJK post burn
FtMtF is a subset of MtF.
Ah yes, so just female, gotcha.
That's my ideal. Not really a sucka for the dry surgical tube hole they got.
NTA but not quite. They look more like MtFs because FtMs can actually pass pretty easily due to the strong effects of testosterone. There are plenty of changes that can't be easily reversed. They look off, to put it simply. Hairier, larger clitorises, noticeable adam's apple, etc..
You are right, but it would heavily depend on how long they have been on testosterone, and also at the end of the day you could consider them a detransitioner at best, the fact they detransitioned is enough of a proof they were women all along.
Certainly can't find myself disagreeing with any of that. They do have some advantages too though, like wider hips than you'd expect on the average MtF.
First poster best poster BTFOs OP once again.
That's literally all I ask for in anyone
Skirts are patrician tastes, I endorse this idea.
Hope you find someone who can do that for you, anon.
never thought about it, but i do remember a certain burger-joint going kid in college that would've caught this dick on the right night.
small, black hair, shy ethnicity, playful makeup but can't quite get it right, baseball cap backwards. bit of acne but not permanent i'm sure.
mtf trans? pre-op essential. imma need the penis in its normal state, as well as the fuckers head being in as close to a normal state as we can get without the warped view on such a cold and harsh real world.
I'd rather a small submissive femboy that I force to be my girlfriend
kino. Don't forget that they'd feign resistance.
