A dialogue has started about touch starvation recently. I found myself chuckling bitterly that robots don't realize how much harder it is for a female going through this.
i shit and PISS in your turdwhore retrad mouth i cum and FART and you breathe it in i shart and SHIT and you suck down my logs you little turdwhore you retard insect cockroach toilet water turdslut.
Nice bait thread.
But in the extremely small off-chance this isn't bait, being touch-starved as a woman is literally a non-issue. You can solve it in a couple hours by going on Tinder or going to a bar, you'll have countless men throwing themselves at you almost immediately.
People like you are the problem. For men touch always has to escalate to something sexual, so girls are afraid to even hug a guy at the fear of being called a "tease" or "slut leading guys on".
i fart and shit and cum and piss in your mouth you take it you say thank you you love it i squat and fart and piss and shit and you eat it all up
People like you are the problem.
What's the problem here exactly? If you want to feel the touch of a male its going escalate to sex. 
If you don't want sex then die alone simple as. 
You roasties really are something else:
Again, die alone. 
You aren't incel, robot , or any variant of those things. What you ARE is a fucking emotional leech. A slug. A parasite. 
Kys.
How do you have it harder? You could at least get someone to touch you if you wanted
Tits or GTFO
Wow. Woman tries to milk pity and attention.
I'm shocked.
if it's worth anything? those anons aren't to blame. they're just younger.
i'm reminded of a certain animal instinct where if the offspring is touched by a human then the parents will never interact with that offspring ever again.
why the fuck would you want to touch a woman you can't fuck?
lmao.
hug a woman then.
women need to stop pretending that lack of a man's touch is that detrimental compared to vice versa
hes trying to esimp like a cuckbitchretard pussy faggot in the hopes it will get him a crumb of female validation and epussy. hurr durr im not like the other guys
it's extremely frustrating, it's been over a year for me. it's damn near miserable.
If you were actually not a slut, I would give you the hug without expecting the sex happily. The problem is that you ARE a slut and you just don't want sex with me because I am ugly. This is why I decline to participe in this interaction that may help you but hurts me.
I disagree with this image. Women depend on men every day to stay alive.
But they get men support directly from simps or indirectly from waggies. This is way they don't have partners and feel ok. And this is why we need to kill simps and start No pussy No work.
The claim and assumption that a fembot would have it 'much harder' is probably stemming from the same reason you're touch starved: stupidity.
I would gladly touch your soft sensitive fembot feet for you
do you really think so? originaldo?
wah wah poor slut hasnt gotten fucked by a nigger for 10 days wow shes just like us
This is bait, right?
but first I'm going to need a location and plane ticket provided by the fembot
Brainless.
Sluts are getting a lot more than hugs ...and from dudes who are taller, stronger and have larger cocks than yourself. 
Whores like OP(prob a troon lets be real) just want attention. simple as.
more like patricia baitmain 
but no it is not bait :(
I really don't understand other people, it's like all men care about is doing stuff with their dick or having stuff done to their dick. And women wanting to cuddle is a falsehood portrayed in movies and TV series, in reality they go for unromantic fuckboys who use them as a cum receptacle... 
Bee my cuddle buddy pls
you think the dark triad is just a meme? dangerous evil emotionless psycho narcs have always been the top choice for women, nothing's more enticing or gives them the tingles like that
Feels like bait, but that just might be because I've gone pretty much my whole life without being able to feel comfortable from the touch of another person and I've personally gone over 7 years without anything approaching intimacy. You'll get over it at least, if you somehow manage to end up like me -- which you almost certainly won't.
Let's just quit the Suffering Olympics and agree it's hard for everyone who has to endure touchlessness. Its especially hard to find platonic sensuality in the hypersexual hookup culture we've developed based on porn emulation and male sexual domination.
