<comment>
be me
At gym
Just hit 230kg on Trap bar.
Foreign 5ft5 dyel zoomer. Comes up and says it's a lot of weight and that there's no way he'll lift that
I say "yeah, but I'm sure you'll get it in practice and time"
Me and dude across give him a few pointers and continue on without thinking too much of it.
Later on
Doing lat pulldown
Zoomer ask to show him what I'm doing
I don't mind explaining some more
Tell him about it, and how it works back and biceps.
"oh I'm not gonna worry about that then. I'm just gonna get big arms so kids won't bully me anymore "
"Oh... Ok"
Try to explain to him why he shouldn't just do curls all day
Says "nah..." Again, and disregards my advice.
Kid then goes on an unsolicited rant about how much he hates his bullies, hates his dad. And how when he gets big arms people are gonna be scared of him
"Ok... Bud"
Doesn't stop
Says he knows martial arts cus he's been watching Kung Fu movies
Starts doing the fucking "one inch punch" demonstration on me
"Trust me bro, if I actually did this. I could kill you "
I'm now fully convinced this kids autistic
Does more "martial arts" moves in front of me while I try and do some more pulldowns.
Even see the other dude from before staring from a distance at the fucking cringe shit that's taking place
"Ayy bro, if you want to learn any of these techniques. I'll teach you"
He goes back on to ranting about how the Billy's are gonna be scared of him.
All the while I go back to doing pulldowns with my headphones on while he stands next to me. Ranting and doing Kung Fu shit.
he then stops and say's "Anyways bro. I'm gonna go back to my set. Unless... You want me to continue talking to you"
I just blurt out some fucking shit like "nah nah nah... Fucking... Nah!" As I put my headphones back on
"Ok bro. No problem"
I do one more set and then go to the other side of the fucking gym without making eye contact.
One of my worst gym interactions so far
<comment>
This woudlnt have happened if you were a korean chad
<comment>
2 long didnt read
<comment>
im not reading all this. sneed and cope. sorry champ
<comment>
completely pointless thread wasted my time
never post garbage like this again
