How did you spend 4/20?
This is how mine went 
https://archive.is/wip/0b2yu
Just like every other day of my life for the past 3 years.
Man do something
I swagged it up ya urhd. Yea my g smoke da zazza ya eard. Dem bombaclats aient no nigguh likes me. Fuck da babalon cops ya knoe. Yea nigguhs aient drinc da wock like me ya eard. 420 my nigguhs smok up. Ay easy brotha nigguh gota hit the corner noe meen???
What is there to do? Other than wage slave. That's all there is to my life at this point. There's nobody or no thing here for me.
Niggas iffy, uh, blicky got the stiffy, uh... uh...
So do something
Fortnite from 12am-6am
I was driving to Illinois all last year to familiarize myself with legal weed: drove a couple peeps there, gave em the reigns, made edibles with each type concentrate, tested the various pens and their brands, shake and popcorn new and famous strains, topical oil, drinks, candies, pre-rolls. Tried it all finally.
Come 2023 we get medical marijuana: first dispensary opens in my hometown, tell people, they're in complete disbelief and don't wanna bother - even for a moment - unless they know they don't need a medical card to purchase and whether it's THC-0, THC(A), D8/D9/D11 because "I don't wanna fuck with that fake shit". Tell em "They're hiring budtenders".
Shitposting from 6am-10am
I was driving to Illinois all last year to familiarize myself with legal weed: drove a couple peeps there, gave em the reigns, made edibles with each type concentrate, tested the various pens and their brands, shake and popcorn new and famous strains, topical oil, drinks, candies, pre-rolls. Tried it all finally.
Come 2023 we get medical marijuana: first dispensary opens in my hometown, tell people, they're in complete disbelief and don't wanna bother - even for a moment - unless they know they don't need a medical card to purchase and whether it's THC-0, THC(A), D8/D9/D11 because "I don't wanna fuck with that fake shit". Tell em "They're hiring budtenders".
Finna bust a two week nut at 11am
I was driving to Illinois all last year to familiarize myself with legal weed: drove a couple peeps there, gave em the reigns, made edibles with each type concentrate, tested the various pens and their brands, shake and popcorn new and famous strains, topical oil, drinks, candies, pre-rolls. Tried it all finally.
Come 2023 we get medical marijuana: first dispensary opens in my hometown, tell people, they're in complete disbelief and don't wanna bother - even for a moment - unless they know they don't need a medical card to purchase and whether it's THC-0, THC(A), D8/D9/D11 because "I don't wanna fuck with that fake shit". Tell em "They're hiring budtenders".
Sleep until 12:30am 4/21
I was driving to Illinois all last year to familiarize myself with legal weed: drove a couple peeps there, gave em the reigns, made edibles with each type concentrate, tested the various pens and their brands, shake and popcorn new and famous strains, topical oil, drinks, candies, pre-rolls. Tried it all finally.
Come 2023 we get medical marijuana: first dispensary opens in my hometown, tell people, they're in complete disbelief and don't wanna bother - even for a moment - unless they know they don't need a medical card to purchase and whether it's THC-0, THC(A), D8/D9/D11 because "I don't wanna fuck with that fake shit". Tell em "They're hiring budtenders".
It's fucking pointless sometimes I hate to admit. Cat has a wheeze and I don't have the money to take him to the vet. Everything else is fucking great! lol but just, feels like a whole goddamn illusion waiting to stab me in the back.
Yeah no
what no? do you claim me a liar?
I claim u a faggit
I played mtg with some friends.
ok but I didn't lie about anything, the label distinctly said "infused with liquid diamonds"
Is acid legal yet?
I masturbated all day, I'm still doing it in fact
I don't believe you.
I'm gonna need proof.
my professor called off class because too many people were messaging that they weren't going to show up to class.
