*makes countless moids seethe*
lmao
used goods
orgini
why on earth would anyone seethe about that
doesn't make me seethe but I always question why girls like it so much, isn't it painful? basically having a hole in your nose like that?
It's cute. Goth girls would just root for truffles, if they didn't have them.
Lmao, buddy couldve just shaved haha
why do you feel the need to keep reposting this thread on multiple boards?
Non-chuds don't give a shit about things like that. It's only right-wing incels who care.
The nose is a bit sensitive for a few months after the initial piercing, but after that it doesn't feel any different than it did before.
keep seething dumb scrote
QUICK SPRINT
metal bugger goes DING hahahha
It's cute desu. It's not a goth girl thing anymore.
BS. I usually would describe myself as natsoc and still like septum piercings. Even considered getting one myself.
Makes me wanna put a D cell battery on it
It's cute and it's good.
the cunt is projecting again
she can't stand being told it looks fucking gross so she has to farm (you)'s
she looks like a nice gril
absolute cutie patootie
BS. I usually would describe myself as natsoc and still like septum piercings. Even considered getting one myself.
Ok, let me rephrase: of all the people who care, 95%+ are right-wing incels. That doesn't mean 95% of right-wing incels care.
Also, as a Jew, I would implore you to reconsider your Nazi positions and realize /pol/ is much worse propaganda than any mainstream news outlet.
Nah, no one in my circle cares that much about reflecting politics in style. "Traditional" girls wearing sundresses and stuff are just as much of a whore as any other. The ones obsessing over this stuff are impressionable young kids larping as what they find trendy.
And I would implore you to reconsider your stances on colonizing foreign lands and genociding native races.
And I would implore you to reconsider your stances on colonizing foreign lands and genociding native races.
And cutting babies
Yeah somehow I'm not a fan; it reminds me of cattle. Plus the thought of snot running down it when the person is cold is a little gross.
Do you feel the same way about non-Israeli Jews? Or what does natsoc mean to you?
*connects both ends to a 4.5V battery*
but why? its not cute, its like a horseshoe in ur nose. ??? i just dont get it. atleast with earrings u can hang some cute jewelry on ur ears
I don't like any masonic-like cult of degeneracy following schemer goblins living anywhere near me, Israeli or not.
Also, as a Jew
Stopped reading. Any Jews deserve gas chambers.
Do the world a service and move back to Israel before committing suicide, kike. You bring nothing beneficial to the world by continuing your shallow existence.
get trolled epicly
lmao
You don't really find it funny. This for you is a masked act of aggression.
You've never made out before and it shows. Those rings get in the way
