give me your discord. i dont care if youre a coomer or an incel, i want to date you (if you are either of these i actually like you more)
Sure, it's KillAllNiggers#1488
forgot to mention, i also use telegram and session!!
Post vocaroos to prove yourself a girl also post age
I would have added you but the fact that you like coomers is a redflag, sry
Also forgot to mention I'm trans if that matters
are you from europe and do you play videogames
dont pretend to be me, thanks
I'm from america and I'm a cute femboy
no, yes but i suck
Ignore this Anon, these >>73030945 >>73030964
are my posts, don't know what his angle is here
Also my discord is oniisan#5871 guys
can you not, just make your own thread if you need to
unironically would
original post.
sigh
im sorry :( if i could move to europe, i would
only if you're male and tell me to kill myself at least once a day
hrm did you mistype it or something...
yes its this
sorry but im looking for a male who tells me to kill myself &lt;3
oh you're the stupid fucking gremlin voice chihuahua poster aren't you
https://voca.ro/1bwOyvtQo7KG
fellow yurobro
this continent sucks man. the country i'm in is the worst of them all. theres no hope. lets move to east europe and get a meek traumatized slav gf
just want to add, i am AMAB if that's an issue but i pass very well and have been on hrt since I was 14.
no clue what this means you silly american.
but be my gf
im not actually amab (male)!! someone in this thread is pretending to be me.
id love to be your gf anon &lt;3
then come to europe. get a passport and plane ticket and you can stay over for months on a tourist visa
idk why that other anon is larping as me, but it means i was born a guy, but i have the same hormone levels as a cis woman now and i have c cups since ive been on hrt for so long >.>
i dont have the money :(
Thats a weird fetish, find someone else
im a incel and coomer and i can be your bf
come here baby. daddy is back
Cool, I am an AFAB transwoman which means that I was assigned female at birth but I am actually a MtF in the body of a girl
you sound like the perfect bf anon &lt;3
she is &lt;3
im a girl too who wants to be mtf gf, i am so fucking lonely and i think you could relate to my autism better
I need an idea of your age and location to know if it's worthwhile.
