What's something biological women do that gives you the ick?
Talk shit about other people.
fuckit I'll start
Trying to fuck another guy in front of you
Being stupid, I feel visceral disgust when a girl does something really, unironically stupid, especially if they're pretentious at the same time.
bro what happened? that's not a normal occurrence.
She talks about other guys being attractive. Honestly I dont care that they find others attractive as I do too but dont tell me about it. I dont talk about how much other girls mog my past gfs
I shot above my league and scored; All women are whores. What lasts forever is cage matches the road warriors do. People scream they're going to call security but evan the islam weirdo's are okay to chear for. the cage is being constructed. You have no idea what you're in for. These guys are hopped up and even put drugs into a cage and pretend like the fucking cage wasn't a fucking fight while fighting people over and the islam people will do cutting and things but it was like fuck lucha lubre im on so many drugs I've defied anything you'd expect. They literally needed to build a cage to contain it. Like what the fuck man.
She fucks other guys while dating me
THe road warriors are like scaling cages and straight up jumping off of them, it's like they're entireley fuedled by THE ULTIMATE WARRIORS kind of steriorsds and they straight up need to build other cages to cotain it and pretend it's a big deal other people aren't in it.
I asked what happened and all I got was a schizo rant
What is wrong with you
I'm gonna take a guess and say he's a schizo
He already said, you just gotta look at the one relevant kernel in the bullshit
I mean I believe in christ don't do that to yourself, and they're like REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Not only is a cage match so much cooller than you thought could be people are going to cut their faces with razors blades and I'm going to have someone else ride a motorcycle into this place. It was like the WWF before the environmentalists had a problem with it were like, sounding as if they were jim ross. Holy shit you ever seen the fucking road warriors do a real event in real life and not a paper view event. It was insane.
Dude you don't know what a real event is like unless you seen the road warriors fighting an islam person that razor blades themselves to make it look bloody and it's a fucking cage match before they had some sort of cage to containt he cage for the undertaker kind of shit. There isn't enough drugs to describe it like, Shawn michaels was there but somehow the road warriors did all the drugs.
There's something weird in women's brain where they think it turns a guy on to talk about their sex with other dudes, as if they think it's flirty. It's fucking gross.
It's like in the abstract they know talking about sex is sexy, but their wires get crossed and it comes out like "yeah I had sex with that guy over there before and came really hard teehee ;)))"
This is seriously how women "flirt" sometimes
Talking to anyone but me, giving attention to anyone but me, laughing at somebody else's jokes
Dude if you watch werstling you'd take it for granted. It was like when they pretended rey mysteriousy jr got beat up ever weak but still won somehow. Then was like the pride of the show. They really ramped it up to look like it was plausible back then it was really drugs and like holy shit why am I cheering for this blood sport.
Poor decision making and lack of culpability. God forbid people judge you for things you actively control and decide.
Sad frog poster you will always be val venus even the gay islam guys that bleed all over the place deserve better frog pictures
not let me dominate a femboy while she watches
Having had sex with anyone who isn't me.
Being submissive or into ddlg shit. Instant turn off, gross. Don't call me daddy
faggot in the closet or loser with mommy issues NEXT.
Being interested in me, any club that would have me as a member isn't a club worth being a part of
Taking puberty blockers in their early 20s.
I think that shit is just age regression so they can act innocent, forget trauma but still do the kind of slutty shit that caused the trauma in the first place.
sleep with guys who aren't me
he's speaking in abstracts. there's a reason for that that you anon-bashing rad chads think you've got the achilles heel on.
they gatekeep sexual actualization. it's like a woman's psyche can subconsciously detect when an alpha or sigma smells like cum and they want to have that cum. but if they have doubt the guy isn't in a relationship they become conflicted by this innate sense. They wonder
then they fuck other guys in the meantime.
fucking exist.
Know nothing about the things they say they care about.
Holy shit, every fucking time I encounter a girl who says she shares any of my STEM interests this is basically what always happens. I'm pretty sure most girls who say they have an interest in X are just interested in it aesthetically or think it's neat and that's as deep as it gets. If you try to talk about it with them too and then it's like talking to a brick wall -- it's fucking depressing and annoying.
what kind of conversation are you looking for about stem that would be better
I'd just love to talk about scenarios, ideas, concepts or even learn new things. I'm fine with what they're open to, which is learning more about said subjects(or so they've said), but every time I do that with a girl it results in that same brick wall conclusion. I've got so many ideas relating to so many subjects with tons of concepts, but basically no one to talk about it to and of the few I ever do/can it has always been guys.
showing anything but disdain for the lower races
I do have mommy issues and I won't give them up. Its up to my future wife to heal that
poop. only men are allowed to poop
Treat me like I have no feelings and am just a husk of flesh that doesn't experience emotion
you do know there is a /sci/ board, right? even /lit/.
plenty of peeps over there can point you in the right direction, you just have to lurk.
Ehh, I've lurked on /sci/ for a bit and it's overly snobbish. I already do my own research to find out if an idea could work or not and I've had encounters before where people told me X was impossible despite it being possible, even when I had shown them the evidence/theories behind it. /sci/ at least does not seem like the kind of place to meet people or socialize, nor do I think that I'd want to given what the average user there is like. Not too interested in /lit/ either.
Periods. Unironically
You are unironically probably a teenager
You are unironically a disgusting cunt that bleeds out of it
Fuck a tranny, they don't bleed.
It's because women view men with a higher bodycount as "proof" that they're sexually attractive. It's like a guy who has a ton of friends is more attractive than a guy with no friends, social proof. They don't realize it doesn't work that way.
This is the big one. Doing it privately is fine, but it is obnoxious when you're around friends/family.
why is this thread populated by some whore trying to talk down to all the robots? I haven't visited the board in a long time, it seems like there's some weird agenda here... Like this whole thread seems like some whore posted it to try and talk down to robots
They play hard to get or they keep a bunch of dudes who obviously like them around as friends to keep boosting their ego.
Using the word "ick". But that goes for anyone, really.
The fuck do you mean by 'biological women'? Women are women. Transwomen are men. Get this woke crap outta here libtard.
Is it, for example, like how I have an interest in science-fiction-tier pop-quantum-physics, but don't know shit about the math and the actual experiments that led to the conclusions?
Because at least I know to shut the fuck up around real scientists and mathematicians.
No, not really. One example I can pull up is a girl I met before who said she was really into aviation and engines. I asked about her opinions/thoughts on things like stirling engines or some of the cooler planes in history and basically got no substantive answers. Even someone really into something like sci-fi quantum physics stuff could likely still put forward interesting opinions/thoughts on something quantum mechanics related -- or hell, even reference something they saw before or ask questions instead of just giving the most bland answers I could possibly imagine.
Its not like a hobby but rather a statement.
Holy shit, kill yourself.
Suck dick
Blowjobs in general sound gross honestly
I'm a KHV, but still the idea of some bird slobbering all over my nob sounds gross
What? How is it immature to call it an ick exactly? It's objectively disgusting, something just died in you and you're very smellily hemorrhaging it out.
Feeling superior in some wierd way, like wearing glasses and raising their nose up, posing like theyre goddesses >>73035748
This too. I get it woman, you try to make it clear that we will fuck and sex is lighthearted to you but stop telling me that you have pornstar sex, you make me feel like a cuck
This. Girls today brag about hooking up and having one night stands. It's like they got confused and started thinking they are men. Then they get in a serious relationship and realize how much they fucked up, when the room gets 20 degrees colder as they mention previous sex partners. Women just need to be fucking smarter. Stop giving it away.
deal with it fagscum
Underrated. I can't find words to explain it just yet.
