this.
this is why.
cis women are fucking horrible.
Is it because transwomen are men?
Nice self post.
Just come out as gay and go to >>>/lgbt/
actually yes, that is why
you really believe pic that easily?
This dumb bitch never loved him in the first place and is now justifying herself to leave.
Feel bad about the guy not noticing the whole time
you won't get far constantly othering people
Lucky reddit has that anti LARP technology to prevent any faggoty incels posting obvious false flags that hit every r9k popular talking point otherwise I might have suspected OP was (You) fishing.
That's really disgusting behavior, if your girl cannot hug and comfort you when you need it the most without feeling disgust towards you, she doesn't deserve you.
I like trans girls but cismisogyny is vile
It's also dumb because trans girl LARPers post the exact same shit in /lgbt/ and other places
You people are so fucking stupid.
Do you really think any real women actually use Reddit. Ywnbaw
Imagine being a woman, you are already emotional yourself and are physically and mentally weaker then men, would you want to date a guy who fucking cries like a baby because he got bullied by other men and even women too? Do you really blame her for losing attraction? Like this isn't a teary eyed "oh my dad died" thing, this dude is straight up crying like a pussy over getting bullied in high school.
Cant find the original post, only a screenshot of it on a different subreddit. Anybody else have any luck?
It's just some fag reddit tranny who made a fake post on Reddit and spamming it all over 4chan now.
"Look look look women are EVULLLL SEEEEE!? DATE TRANNIES NAO!"
I've been bullied and even i don't want to date any woman who's been raped before. i understand her point of view unfortunately
welcome to r9k brother :)
I absolutely fucking hate women so much its unreal
not a problem as long as you just don't show vulnerability in front of women. it's really not hard to do, and when women say they want to see men show vulnerability and cry more often, it's just a shit test and you're supposed to ignore it
HAHAHAHA
Trans women are giga chad only.
www.reddit com/r/relationship_advice/comments/heygb9/ever_since_my_boyfriend25m_has_admitted_he_was/
Do you retards genuinely believe these reddit posts? I feel like this is obvious rage bait. Surely no one is dumb enough to believe it?
This is so transparently a man trying to convert fence sitters to incel terrorists, it didn't work it just makes people hate incels more for being whiner loser pussies. Man up and end it.
wtf I'm jealous of her I want my bf to cry in my arms and let me comfort him arrrgh
Have you tried a gaybar, tranny?
I've been here since the beginning, just giving you my daily reminder that all your bullshit is just that, bullshit.
r9k is. they are easier to bait than pol here.
I was here when /r9k/ was /r8k/ go home newfag
