Hello femanons. I'm here to give out relationship advice and answer any question regarding males that you might have.
No, bpd gf goes with avpd bf
how do i get an actual nonlarping incel bf?
Where do you live irl?
i just want someone to tell me after how many weeks of dating is it normal to say I love you? or months I guess or should i wait for the guy to say it?
the US, he has to be asian btw.
It's just a funny image. Don't take it so seriously. I do think my gf has bpd and I might have either npd or avpd. Never diagnosed and never will be because I don't go to therapy.
Look for ugly and short guys in real lfie and talk to them. Join niche hobbies and give a chance to the weird guy there.
I dated someone for 5 years and never said i love you to her because it never felt right. Meanwhile me and my current girlfriend told it to each other after two weeks. I don't think there is a right answer to that.
If you think you love the person, tell them.
if you live in a big city go to a burn victim support group, i bet theres a lot of incel men there
why would you date someone so long and never say it? were you guys just very young?
any recommended hobbies?
not niche obviously but anime clubs are all overrun by normies now. same with any kind of game club. both tabletop and video.
Ya. No. W*men are usually vulnerable narcissists who go for overt narcissists. That's why vulnerable narcissist incels will never attract vulnerable narcissist fems
Wtf is this supposed to be Retard-san and Tranny-kun?
But u dont
I was 22-27
She was 18-23
The relationship wasn't bad enough for me to leave but I didn't like the girl that much so I just stayed on it.
That's why I said to go for the weird one in those hobbies. A good hobby to go to is larp and the ones you said are good too.
Can also try on online games by joining guilds.
No idea who you are talking about.
=(
why do so many of you have trouble getting over your exes and what should a gf do in that situation?
Why are some men, especially incels, obsessed with women's virginity? Most of these men are not virgins by choice and would be willing to fuck any woman with whom they make eye contact for more than two seconds. Ironically they tend to be the most sex-obsessed people out there. I understand that if someone has a long history of casual sex and infidelity it can be a problem for a relationship, but that should not be the case if a girl only had sex with her partners.
How do I make sure I have a long-term marriage, for what reasons will a man leave his wife?
literally me. sadly I'm ugly asian
Like what one of the brown ones? My pussy is for east asian dick only.
i think larping would require a lot of social courage i don't have yet, not against it though. maybe in the future if everything else fails.
as for joining guilds i've been thinking about trying and just pretending to be a guy until i meet a cutie i like and trust.
the only ugly "asian" is pajeets.
yeah even if I weren't ugly, I wouldn't want you.
you do know there's unattractive east asians and girls here wants the kpop asian aesthetics.
i want a guy that looks similar to your typical old school otaku.
Incels have a more biased view of sex because they never had any and don't truly understand it.
Men in general have a biological tendency to prefer "purer" girls because that's the only way you can make sure the baby was yours. Of course we as humans don't act on the extreme of our biology so most men are ok and understand if you had some partners but the less the better.
Infidelity is a big one. Be loyal, that's the most important quality a woman can have. A man should be willing to kill and die to protect you and you should be willing to wait until he leaves prison after killing someone for you.
Men want respect so always make sure you respect your man, even more so in front of others. Something bad happened? Wait until you two go back home to talk about it and keep everything fine and lovely outside.
Everything else would be more relative and specific to your own husband but rarely ever do men leave their women. Understand that sex for men isn't the same for women so him having sex with some women outside isn't a big deal unless he is providing for her, as long as he always come back to you and you are his priority, there is nothing to worry about.
Go for it. There are a lot of new mmos releasing in 2023 so you can try a few of them and meet people that way.
Least sociopathic woman.
Cut all contact with the ex and try to never encounter them again.
How can I tell if a male is joking in our rp/sexting or if he is actually getting off? How can I tell if he imagines me or some other female?
Didn't ask. Don't care. Kys
top tier
That wasn't me anon.
If he wasn't satisfying himself in some way he would have probably stopped with the roleplay.
I assume the sexting is about you two and not a roleplay using characters, in that case he is in some way imagining you, maybe a more perfect version of you but still you in some capacity. That said, you shouldn't worry too much if he is imagining you or another female because he is doing it with you and not with someone else. When a men gives his time and attention to you it means he cares about you enough that he isn't out there giving it to some other woman.
Well, he does have a girlfriend. I am the woman who's just been his long time simp when I am single. He won't date me for real.
If he is spending more time with you than with the girls you still have a chance. Stop being available at all times for him and if he asks say you want to be in a committed relationship first.
I wouldn't go for a guy who does such a thing while having a girlfriend though.
what do we incels do then?
It is hard to say as he is long distance with both of us but we message a lot and call sometimes, usually on holidays or late at night.
wrong, szpd. They're proper opposites given one has too much emotion and the other has none at all.
"I'm just gonna try to chase this chad when I'm done with whatever bf I'm on at the time"
When i realize i am done i cut it off in short order. Leading someone on is cruel.
the only guy that flirted with me seemed mentally not all there. also crack heads compliment me sometimes, which, feels good man. why would a crack head lie? am i completely hopeless? men show literally zero interest in me. do i need to change something? do some reflecting?
