Where were you in life in 2005?
i was 5 years old
14 years old depresed acne ridden
A 14 year old high school junior
I was an infant, just turned 18 a month ago.
my mom gave birth to me (im18im18)
I was playing Runescape or America's Army.
you are shitting up the board go back to tiktok zoom zoom
10 years old playing Battlefield 1942
Middle school so probably getting harassed by my sisters friends
in a cradle lol
Born to live
Forced to zoom
balding boomers
lol. I am stuck on that age. I try to find some services online, all that I knew died a decade ago or something. fuck
I'm 30+ and I wanna microwave some pizza and watch some amv-s and pirate shit and I can't in this Joe Biden's america.
About to move but I didn't know it yet. Still enjoyed life. Watched Happy Tree Friends quasi religiously.
happy
In school
Not concerned with life since Mom and grandma were working like dogs to keep the house afloat
Alcoholic loser uncle was just chained to his room like a good little retard, away from me until absolutely needed.
3rd grade.
parents split up a year prior. despite dad having the house we spent most time with mom in her shitty apartments and her deadbeat boyfriends.
kek, it'll happen to you before you know it
No ones hairline makes it through their 20s unscathed
25. About to seriously fuck up my life.
No ones hairline makes it through their 20s unscathed
Mine did. Then I turned 30 and it started going downhill.
I was 8 years old and our family bought our first computer and it looked like pic-related. In fact it was also an E-machine
I member playing GTA: San Andreas at my cousins house and runescape
i was 1 year old
I still have my hair and my acne scars
playing picrel living life on easy mode
Playing pirated Doom 2 deathmatch on the family computer. Life was good.
Classic Youtube
Newgrounds
Flashplayer
Albinoblacksheep
Gamecube and PS2
Hybrid Theory/Reanimation/Meteora in rotation
Past my peak and somehow I've fallen so far as to post here.
I've never used tiktok or musical.ly.
Fuck yeah!!! 
riginally
Probably gathering supplies for the war of the sands event in World of Warcraft. Living like it's still the 90s and everything's going to be cool forever.
Fuck. Send me back.
10th grade, living in a singlewide trailer with my siblings and chainsmoking grandmother, suffering from severe acne, only owning a few articles of clothing, being a loser in highschool that ate lunch in the bathroom.
That said it was still probably the best time in my life just because I had no responsibilities and got to play halo 2 on xbox live when I got home.
was baby, born in 2005
i was in preschool and probably putting hotwheels cars in my mouth or something
losing virginity to older married lady
Grade 8. Playing the FUCK out of San Andreas, need for speed underground 2, and megaman battle network. Good games.
5 years old playing spider solitaire on a computer like that
Freshman in highschool. 2005 was the year I discovered 4chan. I've come so far, and yet, here I still am.
this but 12, playing counter strike and battlefield 2 demo
Playing Runescape, Gamecube, browsing forums like Nsider. Aside from these though 05 was probably one of the worst years of my life
I was 10 in 5th grade just finding out about racism the hard way.
depending on the time of year I was either in kindergarten or the first grade
I was 8, so probably playing lego or on my gameboy advance if it wasn't already broken alone/friends. I want to go back, i'm full of regrets
Turned 18. Had a gf, job, got my first apartment. I look back on it all the time but it feels like another life.
i was 14 or 15, and parents just moved accross town to a new city and a new highscool for me, where i knew nobody
the only thing i dreamt of was this asian girl named joanna, and playing world of warcraft. it was a really miserable time for me
whst happened?
be 15-16
in 10th-11th grade
didn't have a computer or cellphone
used internet at public libraries
often what I would do all day on weekends
and after school also
could reserve time slots in the computer room using an automated phone-in registration 
limited to 2 one hour sessions per day
used each of my parents' library cards to get 6 hours computer time
automatically logged out after each hour and have to sign in again
scramble to write down on paper or email myself anything I want to save
never heard of 4chan, or memes
spent a lot of time on livejournal and myspace
met people on teenchat.com and studentcenter.org
yahoo music, yahoo mail and AIM express
went in the Apple store to take pictures for my myspace page, browse myspace, LJ and use chatrooms 
got kicked out at multiple mall Apple stores for doing this
no car or license (still don't in my 30s)
walked, took public bus, and rode my Razor scooter to the library and everywhere
had many tapes of music I recorded off the radio
and many burned CDs people at school gave me
didn't have my own TV, no cable or satellite
mainly just listened to the radio and whatever recordings I had
I liked listening to Green Day, Muse, StainD, Avenged Sevenfold, Fallout Boy, Switchfoot, No Doubt, Paramore, Evanescence, Liz Phair and... Rascal Flatts
I was playing brick breaker on my home computer
rather go back to that than get yelled at by a spastic retard that I have to wheel around
aka my dad
he used to not be insufferable 
but he is taking his frustration out on me
4 siblings all have fucked off because I was an accident that happened 20 years after them
now I'm stuck with two sick retard boomers 
didn't always hate them
it happened gradually
I wish I was fucking Natalie right now
Suckling my mum's tit and trying out the brand spanking new family pc we got.
Was a 2 year old so i dont know
