Why is there something rather than nothing.
Would it not be "easier" for there to be nothing, no space, no matter, no light. Just nothing.
It doesnt matter what would be easier, what would be more probable, what makes more sense if this is what is. Like if you got struck by lightning twice during a sunny day, it wouldnt really matter what the odds of it are since it happened
https://writings.stephenwolfram.com/2021/04/why-does-the-universe-exist-some-perspectives-from-our-physics-project/
Since you're asking, I assume you don't care for the biblical explanation of because God made it. Luckily Stephen wolfram wrote a very in depth article for this that doesn't use that reasoning. the summary is, there isn't anything, it's all math/logic/computation all the way down but it just feels real to us. read the article if u really care for a rigorous answer
A rule that nothingness is required to always stay as nothingness and never become something would itself be a something.
Also if both nothing and something happen that just means something happened.
So if you take all the configurations:
Nothing Only
Something Only
Nothing and Something
That equates to 2 Somethings and only 1 Nothing. Something would make sense as more likely than nothing.
Ya but "God" is a narcissist
Wow. Ur so smart. You must get so much pussy with all those words that mean absolutely nothing. Lmao
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And NDErs talk about why reality exist.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
That's assuming his physics project and general ideas are correct, which no one has any actual evidence of.
It's an interesting way of thinking about things but no one knows if this mathematical universe formulation is true or not.
This poster has spammed this literally hundreds, if not thousands, of times. They're a nutjob. Please disregard them. There is almost certainly no afterlife and NDEs aren't evidence of anything at all.
Truth is that there can't be nothing. literally there is everything. Everything exists. It's the only possible reality since we know already that nothing doesn't exist. There is no such thing as nothing. Even the most isolated empty pocket of supervoid in space has energy. Nothing just can't exist. So something must take its place, and that something just happens to form into us.
I got some pussy, yeah. Not because of words though.
thanks for the reply anon, you seem knowledgeable. Do you have any better suggestions than wolfram's explanation or isn't everything just the we don't know for sure
Void is something
Nothing has the potential to become anything and everything.
well it is about ease because of the necessity of force which is what causes phenomena to be probable in it's manifestations
