Sunderland edition
Wunderland heh
Scumderland edition
HHL rules this thread, you're lucky he has such honest principles, because if he didn't, he'd be shagging your bird in no time
Greatest city on Earth x
No simping or findom Twitter for me for 4 days
i'm doing great so far. Gonna pack it in for good and stop losing. It's time.
Bet you're just scuttling around the arse-end of Penshaw or South Hylton and never even going to the football like the little smackhead rat you are
choons de lids
let's fucking goooooooooooooooooooooo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnoBwC16BCI [Embed]
I only paypig for Goddess Glow and Goddess Jen now x
Why do you pretend to be far right? It's all bollocks
I could maybe consider that one day but gotta get totally off this or I'll an hero
Got stuck with closing this shit.
Bloody grim cause the machine's broken so I'm doing everything by hand.
I wanna go home.
My head's all over the place de lid. I have no idea what "wing" I am anymore.
Aye best off. Findom ruins lives de lid.
Far right lads don't paypig for '''''goddesses'''''
Hope you have a lovely birra moretti when you get home lad, you can do it.
Might smash HHLs face in some point this summer when I get the chance
only thing bumderland is known for is that nonce adam johnson
It took you this long to figure out helper is a fucking loser farming you's?
Even if I had money I wouldnt give it to a whore. Unless she sucked me and took me in her arse
Havent drank all day but feel really drained and hungover still. Think its time to turn it around before my body starts to fail on me.
HHLs face needs smashing in
eaten way too much today 
gotta do better
Never been to sunderland always felt it had a stabby vibe to it. Furthest north I've been is leeds and that was bad enough.
HHL is a pussified piece of shit
Scuttled off like a rat
been watching the audit youtube channels 
makes me hate the police
they don't prevent crime, they aren't the tunic wearing bobbies of old that patrol the streets and club criminals, they appear after the crimes been done and then do nothing
do we need em
This lost mary vapington is wushty x
Rats scamper scuttling is more of a crab thing
Done me fartinghams in 'avent i
Garn for a pissington upon tyne me.
Gwarn.
Where do I find a pretty chubby slob gf like picrel, lids?
So I'm doing alright there me leeeeeeeeeeeds x
It's pathetic how they turn up to a G4S van for someone simply recording them in public. Just tell them over the phone what he is doing is legal and just ignore him.
Footlid's national insurance contributions paid for this vape and wooze. Is that alright with you de lids?
I have paid no national insurance since 2011.
He's not getting enough attention so he's trying to start Personality Drama
Based. Fuck the tories x
As someone who pays national insurance I'm actually quite happy for it to go to the disabled
Good evening BN
For me? It's tax avoidance
HHL getting ran over at Pallion station. Trains delayed, Metro apologises.
It's a lush
And I mean a lush
Cheers x
Aye that's the right attitude. I spend it wisely me x
Any fast food restaurant
Didn't you say you were a paypig?
Alri loser lad. Been on the sausage rolls and monster grind? I ate way too much today too
Me and the Chumba Lads coming to take back what's rightfully ours
I send her like 2 quid a month de lid.
Some people will do anything to get views on tiktok 
It really sad
How much did this cost lad?
Does she even give you a reply?
We all clit dick in life x
It cost 10 dollars for a dick rate.
She put a heart reacting on one of my coments once. That's it.
thinking of going in with them in my backpack, trying on a men's pair (of equal value) and swapping them in the changing room (no security tags or anything)
am i autistic for thinking this is good/fine?
Hope they are paying you extra lid
Yesterday was *definitely* the last bullshit appointment i've turned up to at the other locale
The fat retard didn't even wait for me at the entrance either as we had arranged, then when i went in by mself the fucking thing was packed with assorted pakis as well and stuff
Best part though was when this semi-retarded fat hideous middle-aged woman that was supposed to give me some information on [redacted] came running in like five or six times within a span of less than 10 minutes; Bitch just kept running in and out of the office like a 6 year old that just OD'd on ritalin or sommet, shit was extremely irritating and unsettling. 
Then the fucking phone in there kept ringing every other minute too. I had to actually tell the guy that her behaviour was making me hugely uncomfortable for him to tell her to cut it out. 
Before the bitch finally settled down properly and started talking in earnest i had to spend another solid 20 minutes or sommet watching the fat retard scroll through random shit on his screen since he was (again, just like at the other office earlier) too stupid to print out my doc which he had just scanned. These people are all incompetent morons squatting on state-subsidized meme positions.
Hugely frustrating waste of time overall, it's extremely fucking unlikely i'll be turning up there again next month lol
I'm tempted to message her just to see if it's the same copy/paste reply
people still wear jeans? i only ever wear joggers
Clogged sink... All the way! Clogged sink all the way. All the way de lads.
We all clogged sink in life x
That's grim desu m8
Stinky farts escaping me anus
Been awake since Wednesday morning me.
Congratulations! Fuck off!
Realizef today I look VERY VERY good with buzzcut and stubble / beard. My facial hair just has to grow out a bit morr fuller to complete this. Also good omen for when I start going bald because I know I will look damn good still If I keep looking after myself and not go nutz on booze and junk food like HHL.
I genuinely would give myself an 8.5 out of 10. Sadly it probably cannot truly make up for the fact of my sub-standard height.
It my world. You're just living in it x
Cheers x
Id give myself a 6/10 but im a mess. Could breach 7 and even close to 8 if I lived good. Probably will look like a kicked in vegetable in 5 years time because of me lifestyle heh
Had them chicken wings at spoons earlier. They are lush. And I mean LUSH x
Really need to take the dashcam for a 2nd test drive soon
Shit just keeps escalating now, so many NPC retards clogging everything up again outside w/the warmer temperatures
Careless cunt mothers with their offspring running about, dog owners and boomers are the worst. They almost never yield or move to the side on their own and don't pay attention to their surroundings properly
pathetic
dossers only wear joggers. classic job centre dress.
Your national insurance contributions pay for my wooze.
Shall be ingesting the supplementshires in less than 10
It Friday x
You already tried that little routine about an hour ago lad. Do the one where you threaten to murder someone's family
Might order a webab in me cooooooor.
Why are you pretending you've been awake for so long? Honestly curious mate.
HHL and sound spacker have boyh been unusually toxic recently.
Who's pretending. I've literally been awake since yesterday morning. And that's without wokey.
he has been posting all night and all morning so i dont doubt he has
joggers are what you wear in the house then you switch to jeans when you go out
Feel wissed again me. Not wrinking again until Sunday agter tonight x
IDGAF I'm posting it again I made the picture today, it is OC and I think it looks great.
Just ordered the webab x
We all wungry in life x
Hope it has spit in it
Footlid's national insurance contributions just paid for me webab. It a wovely x
He's not going to shag you lad
Holy shit can we just have a polite seasideMARK lore discussion in here for once. Why do we always have to fight and argue?
Finsihing off me wark wruits now x
Holy shit lads! Holy shit. I was about the mop the floor and leave but I realized instead of the regular mops we had these new dogshite ones that make it so much harder. I thought I had missed the bus and had to wait in the pissing cold with wet wollocks. 
But when I walked to the bus stop I saw the last one driving up so I pumped me little legs as hard as I could and I actually got it. No overpriced taxi bollocks.
GET IN! GET IN! GET IIIIN!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBteHZ0nkaE [Embed] Apu for this feel?
It class lad. Should be the next OP image
Footlad has been worked so hard he didn't even have the energy to post his feet in the threadington kek
He work so I can live x
I wear my 'lounge pants' (as Primark calls them) when at home
Pop on my Adidas joggers when I go out into town
Thank you me lad I worked hard on it
Do a few more lid. I'm always looking to build my SSM folder
It all paid for by the taxpayer x
Is there any SSM mega floating around? I have ideas for OPs but I need a pallete to sample from.
Necking me wark wruits and waiting for me webab. It's a hard life but somone has to do it x
Moderately high chance i'll throw in a triptan before the night's over i fink
There's an episode lingering very faintly in the background, barely noticeable but it's on the cusp of breaking through and snowballing i fink
Drinking girly drinks, obsessing over other /britfeel/ lads, trying desperately to feel wuperior to someone. It womfy x
Where's that wrosty at like
Where are your IRL mates? What happened to them?
Been talking to me mate all night. Told him I was on a one man sesh tonight. Don't need company all the time. Simple as x
Webab only just arrived de lids
It lush x
Does OP image guy ever still do images for these threads? I have a bunch of his stuff from 2010-2016 on my old harddrive. I will retrieve it when I rip stuff from there and post them here. I haven't been on Britfeel in like 7 years lol. Is Poleaboo still here?
no such thing as greater manchester, invention of the tories, its either lancashire or merseyside
Gf w/the horny pictures again phwoar
Need to check those out stat
Poleaboo is still here, sometimes. But the overall quality of absolutely everything is much, much worse and you'd do better to remain blissfully ignorant. And no we don't get new OP images, we use random towns and sometimes a seethy image.
Receiving some sexy pictures, posting on 4chan that I "better check those out", then checking out the sexy pictures
It lush and I mean LUSH x
i mean thats a pretty pathetic effort from them with the pitta bread
garn cop a sleepington im tired. feel like shit after not wrinking. At least I made it through the day
Can't even have a kebab without taking a little picture for /britfeel/ first for attention
That's all we can do innit
Welper's living in a world of taxpayer funded webabs, wooze and wrugs
What a dirty bunch of fuckin anglos
Gwarn lid get stuck in. Necking me webab then finishing off me wooze. The night is still young R KID x
Fuck sleep x
Telling people im from Manchester so blue haired faggots in the gay village can whinge about it
Thought you had things to do in the morning.
Fuck it helper wins
Can't do it anymore
I've tried everything to get him to change his ways
It's over
Helper loses on a monthly loop until he dies, best leave him to it.
Yeah alright it's no use, shit keeps cascading now anyways
Triptan's garn to kick in within the next 10 as per usual
get some more voddy me lid. not too late
It my world thoughs x
Love this choon me, makes me think of a certain girl. She knows it.
Been flirting maybe time to take it to the next level.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EywnBaUBW-8 [Embed]
Does she know you're a nazi who threatens to stab people on 4chan.org and can't maintain an erection?
She makes me feel like a teenager again.
Haven't felt this good in a looooooong time x
Let's see what happens but she's got me feeling things I didn't expect x
Mate, go to bed. Honestly.
Eye contact is everything x
You know what they say, eyes are the windows to the soul x
Thing about her is that she puts a massive smile on me face whenever I think of her.
Do the bit where you say you "know where you stand now" because you try to sound like a film character when you're pissed
This is some of the most transparent LARPing I've seen in a long time, fucking hell get a grip will you?
You know they say, never turn a good thing down. Looks like this gonna happen de lids.
I would message her now if it wasn't during the middle of the night.
Cooooor am stuffed now. Garn keep the rest of that webab for tomorrow. Cheers x
mate you dont have the balls to fuck a girl even if she in palm of your hand like paige
you could have your cock in her pal
and you still wouldnt have the balls to shag
kek gev me an chuckle
Me and Makaveli both on the wissington tonight
It great 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DJyJtSY-7k [Embed]
find sian brookes incredibly sexy. her face is just so gentle, empathic, vulnerable, sexual
Been awake for so long starting a feel a little delirious tbqh. Finishing off me cans then I'm crashing out x
I love all humanity &lt;3
Imagine being 30 years old and going on like this lmao
Like what you vague cunt?
I owe everything to humanity.
Strangers I've never even met have made the very clothes I'm wearing right now.
Anyone wanna gangbang creampie this ugly slut? You just know she takes it bareback in every hole
That's a 10 in bongistan
The lad on the right looks good for 30 years old honestly
You are out of your goddamn mind
That looks like my mate's mum, wtf
Give it a fookin rest you faggit
Was this the old man that bummed sean
doggystyle ye
Woggystyle
Need a 22yo gf in my life.
doubt she needs a sweaty, balding neet incel stalking her though
I really believe that love will win in the end x
Sorry they're dating 18 y/o Chad's with gay parted hair and tiny wrists (me)
Does that inclued your love of old man cock in your arse
I'm not sweaty or balding. It's brutal not having a girlfriend to make memories with.
photo is probably 5 years old
This is you then.
Fockin 'ell, triptan's been doing its job splendidly again
Feel like a nu man already
That dude looks like he gobbles cock
Slap slap slap slap
"Uggh ya got a tight arse on ya lad"
"OoooOOOooohh thank you daddy it womfy"
why does sean have parasocial relationships with youtube alcoholics he's never met
i'm sure he'd do well on grindr
This girl that makes sean smile, is she on the older side and also a bit male?
Maybe you should stop jerking off and learn more about the phenomenon of parasocial relationships.
Sean loves OAPs
(Old age penis)
Way too skinny to be helperlod considering the amount of weers and webabs he packs away
Finishing off me wooze now if that's alright with you de lids x
seeing a lot of avatar/signature usage
I hope Ruth's had a good week so far.
Youll be woosey arfter grandad is done with your arse
One day a lot of people will look up to me. Whether you like it or not.
She wears them for comfort, not for Chad's attention.
not sure anyone's going to be looking up to an alkie lolcow on 4chan that watches cp lmaoo
They will look up and say "do a flip".
Hahaha fucking brilliant mate
My neetbucks support the fast food wagies and video games industry. I am contributing and keeping people in jobs.
Time will tell...Time will tell...
My neetbux goes to butchers, greengrocers, brewers and tobacconists. I haven't paid for media in years (except MMOs)
the only way you'll be notable is going ER
I only pay for vidya as there's not really much else to spend it on.
Vapington still going strong cooooor
Would you clear all your vidya for pussy?
Just save it up for big purchases then. No point spending it just because if you can pirate for free. Although Resident Evil 4 is taking it's sweet time being cracked. Might end up having to buy it if it goes on sale.
I used to save money thinking I'd be going places but then I got depressed. So started being more of a consoomer.
Aww fuck got two cans left. Garn rapid fire them. Thinking bout dem beddingtons now x
Haven't been on a nightwalk in a long time. It's just sad really going on them.
Coke Zero is my alcohol.
Tastes too chemically for me. Not as bad as Diet though. Pepsi Max is my sugar free cola drink of choice
I have a drinking problem de lids x
Its ok mate just have yet another fresh start
Need to replace one addiction with a healthier one. Get a bag in lad
True de lid. Fresh start tomorrow. Garn have a break with the wooze for a while.
It's gotten better than what it originally was. I actually only like the regular Pepsi. The Max one gives me stomach ache.
Hmm not tried it for 4 years or so, maybe I'll give it a go. I bloomin love regular Coca Cola though, but I'm also getting old and want to keep my teeth so I've cut it right back. Still best feeling ever drinking after eating something incredibly salty/fatty though.
NATIONAL COMRADES
It tastes more like the regular one now but that's just my opinion. It's great after some spicy food.
Like regular and without the teeth rotting?
Don't do this to me lad... Definitely gonna get some cans in now.
And the cycle goes on and on amd on
We all cycle in life x
still not in asleepington yet wtf is garn on
How long until we get to the inevitable OD
Been awake for 2 days me de lid. 
Wollocks = done in.
garn close my eyebergs and see if it induces sleepingtons. worth a try. Cheers R KIDS x
*fills out captcha, presses post then goes to beddingtonberg*
off the wooze for a bit now me. hope i wake up feeling better felt like shit all day. it not right
*goes for real this time*
*waits 20 seconds for postingberg to go cooldown so I can post again after a minute*
*press post*
I can't cook lads. Everytime I try to fry burgers, the outside gets all black before the inside is done and I'm only using medium heat
Speaking of borgs. Why is it so hard to find good sesame buns these days
Sames need a break from mr wooze but I know I'll be back on it within 48 hours so no point lying to meself.
Never understand you alcies. Being drunk doesn't even feel good.
You'll still rot your teeth from the acid.
we all acid in life
Cheers de liddingtons
Yeah I'm doing alright there my leeeeeeds x
How much oil are you using
Watching that Volkshalle scene again me
Poor sod doesn't have a clue 
Just a splash.
You might need more, burgers have a lot of water in the and that can dilute the oil
fucking hell is that mid partin total shit 90s hair style back in popularity? these zoomers have fucking aeful fasgion sense
reckon you should check out numan. they sell stuff for erectile dyfunction. you probably needthat for your tiny circumsised cock
interesting to see the yank mindset but yeah they pathetic and if he came to a major british city ever he would hate it
I love wooze me. What else can I say lmao??
I'll give adding a bit more a go next time then, cheers
why wont he just go to bed?
t-minus 2 hours, 4 minites untill greggs breakfast
its just strange to me, how like...if i go to the gym, and lift heavy weights for months, or even do press ups at home, that my arms and shoulders will get bigger and ill look better, seems like one of those things that happens to other lads and not me
zoomers love the 90s and vhs filters. they won't admit it but they have no culture.
t-minus 1 hour 30 minutes untill greggs breakfast
Something wrong with incels like us.
I don't know what to do. There's no reason to go out anymore. I can't make friends this late in life.
I'll be judged for wasting my twenties as a shutin.
t-minus 50 minutes untill greggs breakfast
No one will think about you (or me) it will be like you never existed 
Kinda cool in a way
Radiator just started working again all of a sudden
Piece of shit boomeroid sabotaging it over night completely needlessly
t-minus 24 minutes until greggs breakfast
greggs breakfastingtons-on-trent incoming. think am selecting de roll-wurst wiv a side of mealshakinghamtonshire please
Oh they will be thinking what the fuck has he done with his life. Huge red flag.
how did he do that then sir spackington?
'''Far right''' HHL
update; the greggs breakfast was nice
https://youtu.be/GHm91icScm0 [Embed]
so get in deeeeeeer
you truly are a sorry lot.
The Rochdale council of Pakistanis hath decreed that Eid Mubarak day shall be on Saturday 
And they haven't got a clue
Somehow, I'll, make a wagie, out of you!
Unemployed, undesired. No one will hire long-term neets past 30.
It's not a cri-ime...to lie....ON YOUR CV!
Bit hard to lie about your age.
He'll be getting up soon to post his SSM updates.
Pushing trolleys today 8-4. Then again 1-9 tomorrow
make sure you tell us otherwise we wont be able to sleep at night.
helperturds death will be a blessing.
Keep at it, lad
Buy yourself something nice 
xx
Gooooooood morning /britfeel/ and happy Friday to me fellow wagies. What's everyone's weekend plans then? Me? I'll be gardening and getting in to GTA online for the first time in years.
Getting a haircut today, and need some MrMuscle for me bathroom sink
Want to go to the gym as well but I'm such an idle fucker
who cares if they are women's jeans lad? you didn't have a problem with them when you put them on in the shop. 
t. worn womens jeans for years as do plenty of other lads
I got some mr muscle right here 
poley spent the whole night making photo copies
Saw this on another forum and really made me chuckle
Right. Let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. You see these goods? Never seen daylight, moonlight, Israelite. Fanny by the gaslight. Take a bag, c'mon take a bag. I took a bag home last night. Cost me a lot more than ten pound, I can tell you. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. I wish it was as long as something else. Don't think because these boxes are sealed up, they're empty. The only man who sells empty boxes is the undertaker, and by the look of some of you lot today, I'd make more money with me measuring tape. Here, one price. Ten pound
quickly popping in to say I hope my lovely lads are happy and smiling and I shaaaaant be drinking or posting here this weekend 
Cheers x
Thanks lad, decided to upgrade my 2014 pc
Corr Friday de lads. It's Friday. It's only Friday isn't it. Yea it's Friday. I love Fridays. It's Friday. I love it. I love that it's Friday. Can't believe it's Friday lads. It's Friday. Love it. Fridays.
My line manager and I get on well, and she's barely in the office. She was supposed to come in today and I was dreading it. Simply because I therefore can't listen to my tunes. She's not and I'm the only soul in the office, not even a receptionist. Comfy rainy day in Central London.
i wish i was never born im not god for anything
GOON MORNING LADS
Really fiending for the goon today, even considering calling in sick so I don't even have to pay the minimal amount of attention to my wfh (wank from home) job and I can FULLY focus on gooning.
Goon content today is gonna be mostly babecocks. Absolutely melts my brain when watching them with poppers and listening to goon audios.
Anyone else planning a good ol' goon today?
why go in if no one else is there?
Meeting mates after work up here for booze
Me? Listening to Game's Drillmatic album while smashing through my inbox.
Rich nigga shit it's a different life
I dont' goon or whatever the fuck that is, but basically all I do all day is look at porn. I jerk off maybe twice a day but in between I'm still looking at porn. Is that a 'thing'?
fucking yikes
if I paid taxes I wouldn't be too happy about this
Fockin screen glasses are smudged up again 
It dazzles the comprehension
council tax is the worse one
This boomeroid fuck musta sprayed oil or sommet onna communal surfaces
Only explanation for these extra smears from me fingertips
is the relationshit still going? heh!
Went a bit nuts on the darknet markets yesterday. The gf wanted some valium as she gets a bad back, so I took that as an excuse to buy myself a bunch of treats. Got some opioids, hash, cocaine and ketamine coming now. Suppose may is looking to be a fun month. Just can't help myself really.
This is my country
alri reform uk party lad
give it a rest fuck sake
He will if you stop giving him (you)s you mong
hhhoooOOOoo who pissed in your cornflakes
fake economy lmao
Piece of SHIT explorer bug just made me relog again
Soundspacker's PC doesn't sound very good. He's always having trouble with basic things like firefox and windows explorer.
Morning lad
I wish I could goon but I need to go out but I'll be gooning this evening
I will be drinking heavily and posting 4 times more porn for all the gooner lads later x
Nice one, lad, sucks when life gets in the way like that. You going to goon to Dakota Skye or you just like that pic? I'm quite partial to her I must admit.
Just over an hour now until i'll be heading out phwoar
Dear lord here's hoping the woman will act half-way reasonable this time around, otherwise the whole thing's going to crash and burn more likely than not
HHL finally went to beddington? 
I was half expecting him to be still here shitposting kek
/int/ Janman is turning a wizard in 82 days, laddingtons
that bloke looks like a thinner shippy
greg walk like a duck lol
You going to have another meltdown flid lad? It funny when you wake up in a pool of blood.
Show me a pic of that lad.
Maji got a lot fatter now.
Ripped a fartingham and now it stinks
That's from one of his pokemon rap battles. He looks like a kiddy fiddler desu
Why would politicians do that?
This isn't our country, if it was, it would function how we want it to.
Until we get rid of this defunct corrupt political system, nothing will change. Why would they want to change it? It suits them just fine. No come back for lies, do what you want. What is their incentive for changing things?
Don't try and say to do the right thing.
What are the lads that have a life up to this weekend? I'm off to a mate's to play some Halo 3 with some pizza and a few beers after work, then Saturday I'm going to spend balls deep in my lass since we've not seen much of each other this week
Seeing my FWB tonight for a cheeky shag
I'll be spamming foot fetish and tranny porn from friday night until monday morning.
Wait no that's some other loser. I'm actually going camping in the lake district sat/sun.
Fucking hell what a life. I feel genuine pity for some of these lads. Absolutely fucking broken.
Not him but here is another with his FWB Poley
Okay, be honest lads: how many of you actually have jobs?
His hair cut makes his head look baked bean shaped
he's the kind of goob to go into a barber and ask for 'a 5 all over please'
My job is wanking from home if that's alri with you de leed
I do, but it's basically fake. It's crazy to me how much graft there is and how many people are "employed" to do nothing.
I count things at a sandwich factory
wtf lads, after over a decade of putting out content NikkiJenkins is gonna shut down The Feminization Station
fuck man...
Have you considered contacting your local MP about this?
Yeah she needs it for muscle relaxant properties, she can get them prescribed but it's considerably cheaper to get 20 10mg pills for 20 quid, than get 10 2mg pills for a tenner from the doctor. 
She won't abuse them, I'm the drug addic in the relationship
2 on the sides, 4 on top
Limp bizkit tickets acquired. \o/ out of ten.
Would be great to hear this, but I doubt it.
https://youtu.be/ADSTD-MprPs [Embed]
Where is the SSM updates lad? I need updating
Loading up some pictures of pretty girls on my computer screen via the internet this afternoon
So, I've got a custard cream, right? But it's all floppy and sort of not properly. 
What's going on there? 
Initials LB.
Fucking replied to the wrong post >>73038574
Sat here wondering what's wrong with 5 all over
When I say it's a lush
I mean it's a focking lush
Wonder if SSM has creampied are Helen yet
Not all over, variety is better, and they are a boy band, but, if I had to pick 1 I'd pick this.
https://youtu.be/opQQ2mbXuwI [Embed]
13 days until my scheduled four day goonfest
gonna be wild
Would be fun if you later discover they have some hidden cameras in the house.
Don't fuck your sisters dog.
What kind of parents bug and wire up their own house when their son dogsits for them?
Would love to watch you pamper yourself and goon wit you x
Probably the kind who know they have a fucking faggot for a son and so want to blackmail him into being normal
We don't know if it's flid, his mum might be fed up of finding pieces of shit on her monster dildo, and want to find the source.
See, proof, gooners are groomers.
huh?
Sound fun
Enjoy my leed x
I know. Bloddy perberts.
You're mad you'll never have a goon buddy, little dick x
Mosh lads, what's it like in the pit? Might be entering my first at the age of 43, can you take a zimmerframe in?
wish I had more extended periods of privacy like this to goon out and revel in it
got a weekend to myself in a few weeks but that's it until like June :(
You want your goon buddys little dick? You grooners are rude to each other, or is that part of the kink?
so happy to finally have left this shitfest general.
Thanks for letting us know by posting in this shitfest general
You forgot to tell us brit is better. Quickly delet your post and nobody will notice.
a lot of gooners are also sissies lad and we're into a lot of the tangential kinks like sph
I love when someone calls my dick tiny, turns me on lol
Oh dear oh dear
Bro what?!
I just found out that Trayvon Martin's giant fat ugly dumb girlfriend testified under oath that she wrote a letter explaining the situation to his mum, but then in court when she was asked to read it she said she 'couldn't read cursive'.
These progressive wankers have absolutely no shame, the rules are optional to them and virtues like telling the truth are confusing at best and actively hated at worst.
Rent free
Oh dear is this your best?
I thought we were doing stupid replies, after your no u, response.
Alright lad
I'll be going on a mad one lad, probably MILFs
Some Diamond Kitty, Nikki Benz, Ariella Ferrera
Lovely x
Senior network engineer, just like looking at the little screen on my breaks from looking at the medium sized screens, and while watching TV on the big screen with the fiance. Work from home today so taking it easy like Friday afternoon
That's when you discover your parents have hidden a camera to check up on you and make sure you don't kill yourself or try to fuck the dogs
alri lollers lad not posting nonce images today?
Nikki Benz
fwwwwooooaaaarrrr, went through a period when my goontwitter account was devoted to her
absolutely stunning body, have a ton of her scenes and a bunch of great goongifs/captions on my drives
Both crazy energy latina beauties, very good porn performers, have a few choice scenes from them (especially early brazzers Diamond Kitty ones)
It did get better, and still is, don't let rumination rule your life. You changed and made a big improvement on your life. I think that is a good achievement.
You owe me rent
Okay, you've convinced me, I've set up a goon folder and will populate it with stuff that gets posted here, then when I feel like I've got a decent amount I'll do some exploratory goon sessions and report back.
I'd say out of the two of us, you're more inclined to becoming a rent boy.
Are gooning and crossdressing linked, or can you do 1 without the other?
Careful lid. A lot of trannies get posted here
You see a nice attractive 'woman' in the thumbnail, expand the image and oh look 'she' has a penis
My plan to put Britain right
seasideMARK Egg on toast mutty time dee lads 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg9wSstV3PY [Embed]
The rest is just the standard power fantasy stuff but in what world could you verify how many books someone has read?
Hate Isle of Man
Fuck
The benefit boost/tax credit will be less than the value of the books, so there would be no incentive to just buy books for the sake of it
no more immigration
Yep
end foreign aid
Yep
bring back the death penalty
Yep
enforce the law toughly
Yep
bring back traditional marriage
We still have it, it's just we also have gay marriage. Instead: abolish gay marriage and straight couples get tax cuts which increase over time to reward long-term stable families. Also make infidelity a crime which brings hefty fines and community service hours while wearing a sign that says "I was an unfaithful spouse" or something.
benefits only for those that need it
Not a fan of this - technically the welfare system we have now is for 'those that need it' yet it's obviously not the case. Needs to be way tougher.
schools are to be places of education
Yep, though education should be something closer to the trivium, with clearly able students offered additional education and those that aren't able being tracked into apprenticeships
doctors given proper training
They are given proper training already, it's just that the BMA places a cap on the number of doctors/nurses that unis are allowed to train per year. Literal insanity, the BMA must be disbanded and unis allowed to open placements to as many candidates as they want
abolish 90% of universities in favour of apprenticeships
Yep. Keep any degrees that are basically technical trade on-boardings and disband the rest. Seize the endowments and the properties.
Kinda gimmicky and unenforceable. Universal literacy is neither achievable or, frankly, desirable.
suggestion: place the 25 books at the end of an obstacle course and set the disabled in front of it
there should be tests
Lmao why is there always at least one thing in these lists which is absolutely mental
HHL will be up soon
Inshallah he will not
Why is it mental? Plenty of countries and societies had infidelity as a crime for hundreds of years. Cheating ruins marriages and families and is a generally horrifically immoral thing to do, so why not punish it and deter people at the same time? Social shaming is very effective to prevent recidivism - see Singaporean child weight loss programs.
Newsnight
Making a fake "I was an unfaithful spouse" sign and pretending to do community service to trick women into thinking I'm virile and of high social standing
might get into gooning lats
Newsfight
I'm not saying that infidelity isn't bad, making people wear signs and do community service in them is just very silly and unrealistic
Newslight
Been into it for years, it's fucking hot. Join twitter/discord for the best goon content/groups.
What's the difference between that and taking inmates out in orange jumpsuits to pick litter?
Yet here I am encouraging my wife to sleep with other men for her and my own gratification
Newstight
You vill read ze government approved books and you vill be happy.
Newsright
What's the advantage of being in a wanking club when you have all the porn in the world at your fingertips? Honest question
Thank you lad. Need to build my folder up too
he wants other gooners cocks at his fingertips
I am talking to the operators of the Harwich to Hook of Holland ferry about renting a room on the ferry and living there full time
/goonfeel/ when?
Yea not buying it chief
Don't think we have enough posters for our own threadington
time to get a haircut
We all 'aircut in life x
Worth a shot, hope someone sets it up
every we're day ground is above a great day
Eggy Eggy Mutty Time
https://youtu.be/fg9wSstV3PY [Embed]
Eggy Eggy Mutty time
He's doing alright there me lads, he's doing alright there de lad, he's doing alright there de laaads. Couple of best eggs on toast. He's going vegetarian today no meat for him. He thinking of going vegetarian to lose some weight. HMMM that isn't just lush, it's fucking LUSH and he means it.
Phwoar is that R Helen?
3 hour SSM update get in my leed it a lovely 4 times longer so get in derre
It's fucking hot, also goontwitter and goondiscords have way more concentrated goon material.
Not lollers lad, he doesn't work in networks afaik 
Also not a pedo, probably should've led with that
It's more than one person, lad. There's GOONMORNINGLAD, then there's goonmorninglad (imitator), then at least one other who posts a lot of the gifs and then maybe one or two more who occasionally chime in.
His brushing his teeth video has gone viral
19.2k views if that's alright with you?
We all viral in life
Oliver Dowden is appointed as the new Deputy Prime Minister.
big up veIi 420
Alex Chalk is appointed as the new Justice Secretary.
Goon afternoon
Aftergoon was right there you fool. You embarrassment. "What a lovely aftergoon", you could've said.
Literally who are these people? I have never even heard of their names and they're running large swathes of the country? Our political system is a joke.
why do you blame other people for your own ignorance? have you even read 25 books?
Aftergoon would suggest there is an end to the goon, since it's after goon. There is no end. There is just goon. Afternoon.
Don't really get gooning yet I still spent almost 4 minutes in paint making this
only nonces read books pal
Afternoon you goon
Just wait, lad. Pretty soon you'll be making psychedelic seizure inducing multi-coloured goon caption babecock gifs.
Not bad for 4 minutes lad
sorry to intrude lads but was wondering if crona posted here again, perhaps 3-4 weeks ago. still trying to figure out what became of people who went awol you see and am following a lead
Friday afternoons are for gooning
Only intelligent people read books loser.
confirmed nonce
based, only S+S, EverythingButt and HardcoreGangBang were good on Kink.com, everything else was trash desu
Do you remember Pornstar Punishment? It was a Brazzers sub site. 
Really enjoyed seeing well-known pornstars getting roughed up
They often had borderline rape themes too.
Ruth reads 50 books a year. She doesn't like e-books.
is that lisa ann? love latina milfs me
Ruth shags 50 Black men a year.
what is your obsession with ruth and black men? freak
i'll be playing lego island 2 on my computer today if that's quite alright with, you lads?
if that's quite alright with you?
if that's quite alright with you?
if that's quite alright with you?
No she doesn't nasty waste of oxygen.
And she likes to snap the spines of hardbacks. It's a very satisfying feel for her.
I had LEGO Island 2: The Brickster's Revenge on my Game boy Colour back in the day
Yeah that was a great one. They took it down because brazzers is a big company and didn't want the hassle of the Pornstar Punishment scenes being seen as 'too rough' and get the site shut down. However you can still find complete siterips of it online. Have a few scenes tucked away somewhere. 
You remember when brazzers teased a scene called 'Romains of the Day'? It was Sandra and Alice Romain, the sisters, in an anal threesome with Danny D in the back of a limo, but the scene never got released because the brazzers management thought it pushed the boundary into incest too far. My god to get my hands on that scene...
The unwashed shut in will be here all evening posting his ASMR goblins
Don't act nice now little government drone. You got into his personal space. He has every right to push you back. 
https://youtu.be/BJzs3nfZiMk [Embed]
He's switched to auditposting because someone hurt his feelings. It's how he expresses himself I think.
grim
grim and pathetic
Pornolab is your friend when it comes to siterips. It's in Russian but can be easily translated to English for navigation
Never heard of that scene desu lad. There is a list of removed Brazzers scenes on the adultdvdtalk forum, mostly scenes that Brazzers decided are too edgy now
These "goblins" are out of your league. She has contributed more to this country as an immigrant than that smelly dosser ever will.
Brit druggies, have there been any changes to the DN market scene I should know of in the past few years? Just getting lsd
Corr I need to try this desu
I'm not washing just for the sake of feeling clean. It's not like I am going out. Absolute waste of time and water.
Ruthmong covered in fungal growths and infections because he refuses to wash himself. Goblinlike behaviour, you could say.
The body self-cleans. Your skin and hair has protective oils that get washed away when you have a bath. Haven't felt sick for over ten years.
Thanks ruthmong very cool!
All he does is post smelly dosser man updates. Sad. He'll be here all day.
I'd keep up hygiene if I had a purpose and good relationships.
Oh yeah I've been on pornolab for years now, but no luck. I legit think they just deleted the master copy to avoid any issues. Was very unhappy when brazzers nuked their own site. A full third of their videos or something got taken down for not much reason, it's not like some scene that's a decade old is suddenly gonna get the police knocking at their offices or anything.
I think they're in a bit of a rut right now anyway, only a few scenes from them pique my interest now and a lot of the best stars currently active don't get work with them. I remember back in sort of the early to mid 2010s when they'd get tons of proper A-listers doing multiple scenes a month for them. Shame how it's a bit stale now with unimpressive talent.
What a bullshit run this was kek
Pissed me right the fuck off again
cor thats a beautiful pc case
absolutely in love with this, i want to get one
looks like a shitty 2000s hifi system. yuck.
An abundance of giraffe bread in supermarkets, which I believe is due to the reduction in numbers of their natural predator, tiger bread.
Fucking unemployed schizoid boomer sabotaged the heating yet AGAIN
This time in the middle of the day
Fucking tenancy association spastics also haven't responded yet, incredible
17 degrees and sunny, and he's calling other people spastics for turning the heating off
Boggling
Fake soundspacker
Granner shat in my favourite onesie again. 
Will be having words with the sperm donor later.
Tfw the granner shits in your onesie for the third time this week
Gonna hafta prep the onesie hygrometer
Why?
Copying from one to another
Is there a bigger indicator of being a lower than being obsessed with blacked/bmwf
Being a Ioser*
The gold-digging gf escalated her sneakyarse schemes to a considerable degree again out of the blue earlier while on call too; This is one of the topics she was more or less fixated on since the beginning. Hillariously enough she denies being a golddigger too of course. Says she doesn't want to "lose her standard of living" or whatever - I'm like bitch please, you live in one of the continent's poorest cunts by far and your "job" consists of logging into some meme gig economy app on the reg and LARPing as a [redacted] on there. 
But these deluded wahminoids always think they have to monkeybranch and/or cheat after a while, in order "to do better" - Until their SMV finally runs out completely and it's too late for them/only the lowest quality bottom of the barrel-type men show interest in them. 
She even lampshaded the whole cat lady thing too and then went full schizo saying that "God perhaps doesn't want me to have a partner/become a mother so i can be more spiritual"... Like yeah, you keep coping and telling yourself that and see how your golddigging and chadfishing works out for you 5 years or so from now when you're nearing your 40s lmao. The bitch has issues with getting pregnant and is already hitting the wall even now, it sure as hell won't get any easier for her down the line.
Anyways she then finally got around and said that she'll """need more time""" to ascertain whether a long distance relationshit with regular week-long meetups once a month would work for her or not after all. Told her to think long and hard about it before making her choice and what have you. 
But eh, there's a 98,5% chance it'll crash and burn thanks to her shit now/when i get up again and check back later for one last time. Mentally i've "closed the file" already as it were and am ready to move on, just waiting on the formal confirmation now.
Still glad i saw this thing thru though; Really really had to get me schwong wet again after all this time. And wet it has gotten...
sounds like soundspacker been having a real mental breakdown recently from all these imaginary sabotages by the spastic boomoid landlord. must be all the stress from breaking up with his imaginary mail order bride girlfriend
Fockin ell i shouldn't have stacked these two valerian caps 
Shit is kicking in hard right now, proper mind-boggling this
how can she be a golddigger/chadfisher if you don't have any gold and you're not a chad?
SEASIDE UPDATE
Him and Helen are going on a 5-day Holiday to Wornwall
Separate beds because he likes his own duvet if that's alright with you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgItIXvWg3U [Embed]
If evropa had white shariah there would be no gold-digging whores running around everywhere
Proper mad this
No shagging if that's alright with you
cheaper to fly to europe desu. he should be using taxpayers' money effectively
He said he is getting the coach there
Haven't been able to get a good goon sesh in for days now lads. Too many commitments eating up my days and way too tired when I get home for anything other than sleeping. It hard out here wit no goon :(
Got a lot of free time coming up soon though, just gotta survive goonless for a few more days. Going to have a MASSIVE goon sesh to make up for it because it's all I've been able to think about for days how I just wanna goon to my favourite porn.
yeah true mate nobody over 30 has a job, do you even hear yourself.
arsenal will win lads
the gooners heh
gotta goon until we win the epl once lad
I was reading the neet subreddit and they were saying it's over past 30. Ageism is not meant to be a thing when employing but they do it.
What would neets know about that? Its over for them because they havent worked ever and don't know how to lie.
If you're in that situation you just fake your whole CV and just apply to everything until someone falls for it.
https://youtu.be/GmgShgaCJc0 [Embed]
dean is my bf
Very sloppy shittington just now
Women I've been seeing/shagging lately send me her period tracker app which says she ovulating (heh!), very little interest in her desu, she's begging me to fuck her so she can get pregnant. Think the risk would be very low anyway as she is late 30s, but regardless I have little interest in her but no prospect of shagging anyone else on the horizon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OU0L-IYd4hY [Embed]
Love Stardust, even if she does rely heavily on her tits to get views
New bread to get you through another lonely Friday night 
So would Ruth but she is flat-chested
awright lads here's another ssm template. Put something on the paper and make him say something
And I'll start, here's what I made him say
Kek nice work lad
This image I poster earlier has potential too >>73039352
Evening lads, how has your Friday been?
Any nice weekend plans?
