hello /r9k/ 
i am 20 years old today and i am a bit drunk
how is your day/night going
Do you love moids?
Hi Alex. My night is going ok, Alex. How about you, Alex?
ew. icky 2's don't belong in front of ages. try being a little younger next time, alex.
Niggers stole my spleen but I can't stop masturbating for long enough to go get it back
only 3 moids in the whole world
all the rest can hang
starting with you
im having a nice evening ty
so tragic im so sorry anon
Who are those 3?
Happy birthday, kittehpostaaaarh >:D&lt;
What are you drinking? And why ain't you out celebrating with frens?
only 3 moids in the whole world
would that be your dad, bro and bf?
yes
thats where i was until about 30 mins ago
but i will also be celebrating on the weekend 
we're going on a trip for like 3 days
has bf
GTFO normalfoid!
This board is for fembots only!
Well, at least you lost it before 20
That's somewhat encouraging
its only been like 2 weeks
LET ME STAY
going on a trip for like 3 days
where to?
when you reach 28 its over (if you didnt do asian skincare)
i fucking scream when looking in the mirror
i am a monster and i wish i could die
Nope.
Go be happy with your bf. This board is going to keep you down.
I'm trying to find inner peace to combate the despair I am feeling everyday.
I only see two possiblities for what happens to us after we die. We either cease to exist forever or after trillions of years the the universe stops expanding and start contracting, iniciating what scientists call the Big Crunch, the universe will start contracting to an infinitesimal point and then, Bang the Big Bounce happens and a new Universe starts. By determinism this universe would be the exact same as ours and some day in the future I will be born again and have to relive this same life again and again and again for all eternty
In the end these two theories are quite similar, the life that you live is only truly one, even if you relieve it uncountless many times it is still the same and only one in the end of the day.
So I am trying to find some inner peace with this, not taking life too serious. You know, I have intellectual disability also known as mental retardation which makes me incapable of understanding many concepts people take for granted. I can't even watch a show without getting confused and kinda frustrated but I am getting better at dealing with this and just ignoring my weakness and focusing on my strengths like persistence and never giving up. I will never be a normal person, I will never be able to experience normal emotions because my iq is way too low for that, never be able to make meaninfull connections because I have severe troubles with communication but I will not succumb to despair, I will find inner peace and be happy, I don't need to be like the average person, I need to stop comparing myself to others and be what I am. Yes I am mentally handicapped but there are still good things about me and these will be my focus.
Sorry for the rambling, just ignore it, it is nonsense from a complete idiot that doesn't any sense.
just wish happy bday to distinguished catposter, wtf anon
Begone, normalfag. Seriously, you have friends and a bf, why are you even here? Just to rub it in the faces of lonely losers? Kys
nowhere exciting desu its just a tiny village in the mountains 
one of my friends parents have a house there and they let us stay there for a few nights at a time when a bunch of wanna get together for an occasion
im sure its not that bad anon
NO
this is my home
woah
I'm trying to rush change in my life, but I am so tired of the status quo.
oh, it's just that she asked how I was feeling tonight so I felt the need to answer.
happy birthday catposter.
I wanna take a walk with you to the corner shop and let you pick anything you want for your bday present.
i like it here
its where i belong
ty ty
one ton of redbull please
that doesnt sound bad desu
im terrified of change but when you actually want it its amazing
one ton of redbull please
one tone of redbull, coming up! Happy birthday, A!!! &lt;333
its where i belong
Not anymore.
Finished all my exams today.
Feel like shit because I think I ate shit on a majority of them, now I get to worry about that for the next 10 days.
if you already know you bombed whats there to worry about?
i wonder if you can od on energy drinks
ITS MY HOME
wonder if you can od on energy drinks
you can, but it's worth it.
Just the anxiety of it, I may have bombed, I just don't know how hard I bombed. I don't want to have to retake a course so I'm just have to wait and see.
ITS MY HOME
It might have been. Now you have to leave.
How do you feel about turning 20, cp?
nowhere exciting desu its just a tiny village in the mountains
that sounds pretty exciting actually
and i am a bit drunk
post nipples
oh i get that then, hope you did better than you think anon
i was born here
i will die here
dont really feel anything special desu
its just another birthday 
i guess its a bit weird being in my 20s now but i dont feel like an adult
i mean im pretty excited but i can see how others would think its a bit lame
not that drunk
i was born here
i will die here
Then die.
fuck off, you contrarian faggot!
i guess its a bit weird being in my 20s now but i dont feel like an adult
That won't go away for a while. Once you got some responsibilities and expenses then it starts to feel like your an adult. 
Enjoy it for now.
How am I a contrarian? Most robots share my sentiment.
not that drunk
That's your problem!
Once you got some responsibilities and expenses
shhh don't scare her like that
sorry i went for a smoke and i got distracted
not yet
stuff like that scares me to a ridiculous degree
ive talked about it before but i find mundane responsibilities like that actually terrifying
i just made myself a vodka redbull so im fixing that problem i guess
no 
robots are my friends
robots are my friends
I'm only friends with friendless khvs, not normalfags like yourself.
Why not get a gf and experience love and intimacy, anon?
robots are my friends
Not anymore. You are a normalfaggot.
Why not get a gf and experience love and intimacy, anon?
Because I am not desirable in any way
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO UUU !!!!!!!
i just made myself a vodka redbull so im fixing that problem
im still your friend
THANK YOU ANON
went for a smoke and i got distracted
You make me wanna pick up smoking!
find mundane responsibilities like that actually terrifying
It's just like riding a motorcycle, A...
i love sitting on my balcony and just smoking while listening to music
especially on rainy nights like these
its so comfy
hows that
especially on rainy nights like these
It's rainy here too... but im also eastern evro
hows that
Well, some ppl find riding a motorcycle terrifying. But you'd probably tell them that's only in the beginning, and gets easier later, and very fun once you get the hang of it
paying bills becomes fun eventually
i dont believe you
i forgot to mention im getting a tattoo for my birthday, im pretty excited for that
tattoo for my birthday
that would make you a thot
its just a little one
paying bills becomes fun eventually
That's the lie that we adults tell ourselves to cope, yes. Now join us. Join us, I said!
its just a little one
what for then?? explain
NOOO I DONT WANT RESPONSIBILITIES 
what for
i just want it
Are you getting drunker over there? 
There was smtn you said you wanted to do
Did she get distracted again?
Dogshit since I realy care about my online gf, and we had a really big fight tonight, but we resolved it and trying to heal. How about you fren
Well, drunk man, I'm on the verge of saying "fuck it all" to put it politely.
You see, throughout my life I always wanted to be a NEET, that is to say a disabled one, or at the very least on as much welfare as a Mexican.
Unfortunately I'm neither too retarded, broken, or "needy" to get anything.
Yet in my attempts to get a job anywhere, everything has failed. I can't even get a McDonald's role, I can't even get a graveyard janitor job, and I can't get a driver's license right now because again, broke as shit.
"Adversity" is only a good challenge when you have an inkling of a chance at winning.
I just found out I got approved for Unemployment today, but they garnished my money to 0 because of a previous issue. Just fucking up and took 4 weeks into itself like nothing. It's not taxes.
My landlord was just about to evict me until my gas station clerk concocted a lie that I'm employed by May so I could get my rent paid.
I've applied to 165 jobs as of this writing from Sunday to today, and yet not a damn one decided to call me back.
My self esteem is also ruined as I was fired only for following my supervisor's instructions. HR said directly to me "I question your skills as a janitor". I damn near wanted to crush her skull with my fist, but didn't because I'm a bitch.
So, I'm gonna do a thing on Saturday, as I don't see my prospects improving. I'm at least happy you're happy because you're drunk. Drunkness is fun. I wish I was able to have it again.
good I woke up 2 hours ago and im about to eat
