do all girls (female) hate trannies
Yes because theyre extremely repulsive
oui 
t. uterus haver
more than anything
original.
Yes. Especially as a lesbian.
I would date a mtf as long as he kept the penis. you can just pretend he's a pretty guy at that point
Some don't, but most seem to.
Fortunately the female attracted trannies can just date each other, or troon out on their gfs so they're stockholmed into liking them.
This thread reeks of terfs, don't you have anything better to do than being angry at trannies cause they look more like women than you'll ever do?
op here please do not respond to bait like the post above mine
Possibly the worst bait i've seen in a while.
You can cope about it being bait if you like, that's not what you should be coping about however.
https://www.gaytimes.co.uk/originals/lesbians-are-not-anti-trans/
lulz
I like to shit on trannies all the time online, but I do not hate them so much as I do pity them because I know trannies are a symptom of a broken society and psyche.
chuddetes out
i can say this with 100%
that's fake, a lot of lesbians keep their hatred to themselves because they know if they were to answer honestly they'd be threatened.
lesbians are tired of them flooding dating apps and telling them to suck their "girl dick" if they aren't interested because they like pussy.
Ok? What is your point here? Tiktok zoomer retards changed the definition of lesbian to "non women loving non women" a lot of my other lesbian friends wouldn't date a tranny and are sick of seeing them on dating apps and in lesbian spaces, myself included.
Just out of curiosity, and completely regardless of how retarded trannies are online, do you think it possible that a person could be born with a crossed wire in the brain that makes them feel like the opposite sex?
Damn, it just sounds to me like you are a walking projector, not everyone feels like you do, are you doing this to justify to yourself your unpopular belief or is there more to it?
I don't hate all trannies just the ones that use 4chan
Have you ever spoke to lesbians or is your only source some retarded survey done by a LGBT charity?
you clearly don't know many lesbians.
This is some of the most 'how I expect women to be' things I've ever read (saying you think of them as victims rather than someone to hate while also saying you shit on them online).
Why are women like this?
I think with myself or other guys we would pick one or the other (saying you blame trannies for doing something wrong and therefore shit on them or saying you think they're victims and therefore leave them alone).
Yeah, a lot of autists are like that. The issue is understanding delusion from reality or coming to terms with it. Although you may feel like you're the opposite sex that doesn't mean you should live out that escapist fantasy. There are people who also almost trooned out but were able to accept reality and move on.
Based
I do actually, a lot of friends of mine are trans and they are in relationships with lesbian cis girls, but unlike you, I understand that I couldn't make a point out of it since it'd be inherently anecdotal, just like you cannot make a point based on your projections.
This just seems like bait. The only women i've seen date trannies are Bi or whatever other made-up pseudonym they have for bi.
It's the inherent irrationality of women at play, can't expect much from the damaged goods on this board.
Holy shit, it's either bait or projections with you, isn't it? I'm sorry that reality doesn't care about your feelings.
this is funny and unrelated, kinda.
one of my friends who i just recently found out has a wife. shes like "zomg nooo i hope youre not one of those gay hating christians!!" (she saw my cross necklace after mentioning this, i always have it tucked though so it must have slipped over my shirt while i was adjusting my hair or something) i am like "hahaha nooo" just for appearances while thinking about how much i truly hate faggots. conversations progresses like the tides and out of the blue she brings up that her """wife""" is actually trans and shes like "omggg are you okay with that???" lmao lmao like she is literally just straight. the man is too. my friend is a bio female. i cannot make this up and it is so funny to me. the mental hoops they must jump through could land them top place in the dog show i swear.
I can shit on people online calling them niggers, faggots, jews, and trannies and tell them to kys but it doesn't mean I hate them as an individual or they should really kill themselves, is what I mean. If I dislike something about a person it doesn't mean I hate the person entirely I just do not like that one thing about them.
They might lez out but uh.. not with..
Alternatively, she is able to grow tits and be a tranny and have sex with that altered body so that part's not really a fantasy.
The part where you see her or other trannies as legitimately female is more open for debate, but estrogen and acquired female secondary sex characteristics are physical realities for the ones who engage in that. And the scope of what some of them end up like is pretty far beyond what would be achieveable if they merely crossdressed or something.
I think of trannies as similar to guys who inject testosterone. They're both kinds of people who are using drugs to change themselves in ways they prefer.
it's really true, a lot of women that actually date men cosplaying women just want some kind of badge for being the most progressive or whatever.
the relationship is likely doomed when her "wife" ends up turning out to be some kind of groomer or abuser.
How deranged do you have to be to think that a woman would marry a tranny for progressive points? Like can you seriously not see how your hatred of trannies has impaired your mental reasoning?
you sound like you're absolutely seething.
cope.
I was asking a sincere question and I would like to know your sincere answer
shit taste, kys
Yes theyre gross and hate me because i have what they want, actual abominations that look disgusting and its just a fetish for them
kys cis transphobe
Kys tranny ywnbaw 
You have been muted for 4 seconds, because your comment was not original.
I personally hate everything LGBT and think they are ruining our society by existing the disgusting way they do. I hate everything that threatens the institution of family, fags and trannies are one of the worst culprits. In an ideal society none of these people would exist, everyone would be heterosexuals who have kids and adhere to traditional roles, don't engage in casual sex and degeneracy. 
I wouldn't go out of my way to bully fags besides making fun of them to their face sometimes and I'd be more likely to bully a tranny but I wouldn't try hard to really torment it or whatever. I got shit to do. A troon is already is in its own hell and it will remove itself without needing much intervention anyway. The lowest of all men used to be cannon fodder back then and took themselves out by going to war, now they're taken out by being trannies. To maintain a balanced society, we need the lowest value men to die, this is the one good thing troons contribute to society. 
That being said, I'm a conservative woman. Most women are accepting of homosexuals and I think the amount of them that accept trannies is significantly lower, but higher than the amount of mdn who accept them because women tend to be agreeable and inoffensive, they usually just "want everyone to get along" and "feel bad for victims of oppression"
Spoken like a true Don cuck.
Do your female friends hold the same opinion?
yes because you are all porn corrupted disgusting perverts
Most of them do because I only talk to like minded people
Uh oh women moment, better have a cuppa to calm down
No I really want a trans girlfriend
Yes, everyone hates trannies. Even trannies
