Why live? I just want to meet other NEET bi or gay (biological) girls and stay inside and make each other cum all day.
That thread is full of trannies :(
it specifically said cis lesbian, theres another thread there for lesbians which are both cis and non cis, but that general specifically is cis girls
hey op im also a cis lesbian, do you like yaoi and wanna be friends or something lol, im not a neet but still a hikki
do yo not know what fucking words mean or what
It's /tttt/, specifying "cis" just attracts more angry trannies
As a gay girl why do you like gay guy smut
I saw like 3 posts talking about chad after not scrolling for that long. No woman cares about this mystical being known as chad, epically a lesbian.
I'm not really into yaoi but its not like I have anything against it! I have a few M/M ships I like.
Neet is someone who is not in education employment or training
hikki is someone who is a shut in and doesn't leave his room/house for long periods of time
so pray tell, how do you not leave your room for long periods of time if you happen to be employed my dear madam?
also im not replying anymore to frog fags, kill yourself
because i think its fucking fun, why would i hate it just bc im a lesbian lmfao
what you like in 2d means nothing about 3d and if two of the characters in a series got the most chemistry and they men, theyre gonna fuck !!!! its not my fault
anime boys REGARDLESS of looks look like women to me lol
Yo my ear is open to hear my sister, but yea thats fair. idk it was mostly a joke kek
rude, I was just asking a question
Im a dude and i'd like to have a lesbian friend to tease and who has good taste in anime and videogames who is not a normalfag
sousuezurr#6956
My best friend is a beautiful femgay fembot btw so they exist
i'm a lesbian (biofem) and like m/m stuff too, i think it's kind of common
Well she's a femgirl on the robot board so she's a fembot
But like... Why?
wanna be my lesbian friend that i can tease occationally
Nta but do you know what working from home js?
I would rape any woman on this board and get away with it.
if i had a bi gf who leaned heavily towards attraction to women, would you join us in a threesome and kiss her while i'm away at work?
why are you gay?
origjnini
No, not interested in men at all.
Because I am a woman (XX) who likes other women (XX)
yes, but why?
I dont know. Up to you to decided whether or not you think its natural or whatever. I grew up with both my parents and they have a great marriage. I just never liked boys.
not a single boy?
what's the closest you ever got to one?
Hm. Based. Yes, quite based.
Nope. I had my first crush on a girl in 4th grade. Wasnt sexual or anything obviously since I was like 10 but I had all the stereotypical childhood crush feelings. And I am a gold star lesbian, in fact self brag but id make a new tier up for me. A platinum star lesbian. I have never held hands with, kissed, let alone had sex with a boy.
Sappho.
originally
see >>73036333
original fuck this
Trannies always invade lesbian threads. Happens on /soc/ too.
