If you're Korean you CANNOT be an incel. Its literally impossible. Girls of all background and race is flocking to your country to have sex with you. A few Mayocels and others are trying to demoralize you about the realities.
Imagine even having a slang word for them called White horses and saying you cannot have sex.
Its LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE. GO OUTSIDE Koreans. Grab yourself a horse and ride off into the sunset.
While the mayonnaise goes bad.
MINDBROKEN
Is this bait? Aren't korean girl extremely feminist and hate men a lot?
Yes, they do hate us. But your women love us so it balance out.
That's a huge cope but whatever, like when white men go for asian women, history repeat itself
WHITE-ASIAN SOLIDARITY
NO MORE BROTHER WARS
Make one hapa race like the turkics again
Swap them titties, asian women are flat
i like when everytime they want to challenge the dating narrative they say "asian" but when they want to insult koreans. They always specifically mention kroeans and post korean statistics of suicide/death rates jfl
kinda makes u think.
lmao this is hurtfully accurate. love asian men but they reject me because im a black girl
They hate us because we wont commit to them. Getting pump and dumped by Chad Kims makes them seethe. 
Why buy the cow when you can get endless Jap, Russian and Korean titty milk for free? Can you blame Korean men for not wanting to marry crazy Korean chicks?
Being Korean in 2023 is basically a free buffet of all the pussy in the world. They pay money to fly to YOU and fuck.
Retarded Westerners: Women love Korean men.
Kek
Korea Chads cant stop winning
gookcel making up fantasy again whil irl BWC wins
This is set in Europe and "Asian" refers to Indians.
It's the truth.
we all know. dont bother responding to that guy its 1 schizoid mayocel posting the same crop of images in every thread thats insulting white guys jfl
Humble reminder that all of the Chads who post their pictures on r9k are white. To date there are zero (0) r9koreans able to match up. I know why that is. Do you?
Apex gookcel cope
yea he went full schizoid after he got mind broken by the koreans.. he doesnt (you) anyone just posts spam all day now lolol
This. More beautiful hapas in the world and we both get to get the women we want. I don't see the problem
