/letter/ - "poison packets" edition
Hey, what did you mean by "poison packets," again? Please explain in detail, for everyone who might be viewing this thread.
What did it mean though fr
Ah well I'll fit it in, in any case. Don't worry.
I have to say, getting my notes together, I think you may want to fuck off as immediately and conspicuously as possible as holy shit does it all cohere.
You've even made all the right moves to get over my laziness barrier which, let me tell you, is a minor feat
Like tcp packets?
Or like ketchup packets, i.e. food or something?
Hm?
What did you mean by that?
These things that they put in new shoes.
tcp packet what do you mean by that as "poison"?
im never giving up on you. even if i die like this. ill stay here and wait for you forever, even if you never come around.
Leave behind the sorrow.
The Earl of Oxford was right when he said that the world is a stage and we are merely actors. It's a good thing I've been impaled on the Wheel. Gives me the opportunity to catalogue every experience.
It's such a drag they're gonna scrap the board again. Was just barely getting familiar.
Bump up the IQ a score or two and you're in Milch territory.
Keep on watching what the master of ceremony carefully curates for your consumption.
Insanity is compressing the macro into a micro artefacted being and playing the role out of goodwill.
You know who you are and you owe me a knife. Had sentimental value. Was a gift from a being greater than you. I will drag you down by whatever means until you reconcile it.
The sword or barrel doesn't frighten me in the least. I have been made and unmade millions of times but I still find my place on the Wheel. Trading favours and ensnaring some.
Gm babies are healthy and happy in their cage this morning
Strength outside promises; alternatively, strength in mine.
You don't want to believe it, but you are fucking up.
jaundice cachet whammy
I believe it. I fuck up every day. Got any solutions
All I wanted was a little tenderness.
Looks like you have a lot in store instead
RRREVVVVV UP THAT LUCK
Lol, try me, big shot. You are acting ridiculous.
Who is acting ridiculous? Who are you talking to?
Who do you think? I am not sure honestly but I have some suspicions and neither of them can do shit to me.
Who are you talking to you right now? Are they in the thread with us?
Who knows really? I don't have the tools necessary to discover and am too retarded and paranoid to put the to use even if I did.
Why are you larping as le calm le collected dude? Don't you have some friends trust to betray? Some lashing out to do? We both know you do, ape.
Who are you talking to now? Are they here?
I am paranoid
Why are you larping as calm and collected?
Do you even read what you are responding to?
One of us is acting ape-like and lashing out, and it isn't me.
I wish we could mend things and it would all turn out to be a big misunderstanding, that we could go if not to what we had at least to something similar.
We could still talk a lot, we could share as we used to though now I'd probably wouldn't fully trust you with all that is me we could still have a good thing.
That really is my dream, that you'll finally apologize and reconnect with me or at least acknowledge how manipulative you were.
Doubt that will ever happen so I guess seeing you miserable and failing at life is a good enough consolation prize.
Turns out that if you can't be a decent woman being then it is pretty hard to be a functional one, uhn?
I'm keeping track of how low you're sinking, I'm just waiting until I get my first child, then I'll pop up back to you.
"Hey, how is it going" I'll tell you with the fakest of smile, I'll talk about my diploma, my child, my house, my ring, my achievements.
I'll show you just how small you are by being great myself.
You hurt me, but you haven't dragged me down to your level.
Wait a few more years, I'll show you what you missed on, because I'll have it... just with her instead of you.
Deal. Let's see where each of us is in a few years. 
manipulative
Very funny, heavy projection too. You pushed me down and then blamed me for falling with a smirk. She doesn't deserve the level of disrespect and lies from you either. 
miserable and failing at life
More projection but have fun in your pursuits. Genuinely. Though I hope she grows a spine.
Yeah wife you only exist to annoy someone who's probably moved on already sorry to tell you.
you're a fucking cunt you ignorant close minded elitist bitch. go play genshin impact and fortnite you actual child you wouldn't know a real video game if it jizzed in your eyes. that is the reason why you are chronically depressed because you always need to be spoonfed an engaging story instead of just playing a fucking video game. you can't call yourself a gamer. just watch a fucking movie or something. not every artstyle has to be cookie cutter anime waifus sometimes they can have actual soul and effort put into them. god you suck.
Oh boy, random anons think they know me/I'm the person they are talking to, welp time to explain my every detail!
This thread is to write vile shit and be done with it, you don't know me and no, the person you want to hear from is never going to post in these threads, stop trying to look for signs: either talk with them directly or don't.
If you want good morals and hope don't hang around in these threads, idiots.
Every time one of you mouth breathers reply to my shit, it's annoying, go get attention from e-whores or something.
You hurt me, but you haven't dragged me down to your level.
Anon, you are bringing yourself down to a negative level. You are hurting yourself by embracing the negative emotions, such as anger and resentment. Being vindictive and bitter is not the right way. I know how tempting those paths are when we are hurting, but try to recognize them for what they are too. They are destructive and only hurt us more in the long run
Neither of them, but you need help.
niggatoro gif
lol. lmao even
the worst part of anon's day is a woman not meeting his standard of hard r "gamer"
can't wait for him to transition so i can finally drop his gay ass
lt's about sending a message
And what message would that be?
Tfw a post mentioning a sekret deleted post also gets deleted 
Um, schizo central?
UHHHHH IS THIS *THE* SERVER?
Which server is the *the* server?
You know exactly which one. Why do you want me to be explicit?
I want you to be explicit because I don't actually know which one you are talking about..
I still wonder if you're going to change your mind. But I no longer know what I'd do of you told me you wanted me back.
I still wonder if Anon is going to say which server is the "*the* server" server..
Sense of wonder diminishing in 3...2...
Ahhhh, nuddin'. I'm just being silly and cryptic for edge's sake. I'm not capable of actually pulling it off. 
Am I?
jejejejej
schizo central
Uh no that's my sekret astral combination hobbyist-gravestone-cleaning-graverobbing-but-only-for-akashic-reparations club 
Genuinely no. But isn't that what someone devious, dare I say downright /devilish/ would say? Why even ask?
Ahh, right, because you want people to want to be in your club. Dingleheimer. I've survived trannies you couldn't even FATHOM, I've BEEN one and you'll never drag me back alive
I no longer know what I'd do
And what is that exactly?
ahhh yr tryna be considerate lol
is gucci it was a for effect delet not a srs delet
That's the thing about my schemes. The whole world could know and it still wouldn't impede me. I'll keep getting away with it
forever
and ever
and ever
and ever
and
What exactly is the thing that I don't know? Gee anon, idk.
Am I?
No, you're not
I manifest my will into existence and your undoing. Recycling is coming up and I'm your judge and mechanism.
I manifest my dick into your anus and your undoing. Recycling is coming up and I'm your tool and tool.
missed opportunity for unpooing
Damn, anon, I failed. You take the next one that pops up.
You used to be a tranny and was in a discord tranny group? Can you give us the story on what even happened
getting really sick of you playing that card. i get it but it's just so annoying and antithetical to having a gf. it's honestly good of you to but idk. and theoretically you can pull it any time and fuck around behind my back. that one time really got me thinking. maybe i should just find someone else for myself. someone younger and more available to me
this is a based post, i can relate heavily cause my gf likes genshin impact
You will never see me again
Not that ever truly did
Well stop hiding lol.
my friend hates literally every game i like
I don't want to be you adversary. Toss me another bone and I'll be be your loyal servant.
You don't have to be mean to me. I'd brew you a beer, make you a cocktail, or prepare your favourite meal. You have sacrificed so much and I want to be your friend. You dictate the terms and set the boundaries.
Its such a broken system that I have to don the robes and skins of the Antithesis or invite the spirit of it to garner any attention or adoration.
I am the Hanging man Incarnate.
Do you realize that simply being in the presence of your greaseball, faggot personality is like just being passively raped in the ass? Are you proud of it or something?
And make up your mind: Are you scary and power, or are you just some bitter faggot in a crab bucket?
not that ever truly did
what does this mean?
Let's see... we'll say almost every weekday, but that you catch it half the time, but that's +5 each time on an easy 3. So give it 10 * 5, then we'll say I was going in phases, so * 6, that's 300. Could have kept it going another or two, so we'll say 750. Hm.
Probably just for rhetoric sake, we can go ahead and call it a band. Hope it was worth it.
I'd like to synchronize the past with the present but no on will grant me that honor.
hello letter sisters
i wish i was loved
I think I'm going to apply for the peace corps. Nothing better to do
why does that sound like they work for anything but peace
Typo
It was "not that you ever truly did"
Oh, I see anon. And that makes me feel sad for you. I hope you a happier future with someone who does want to see you.
If you makes you feel better, I was once told "I don't know if I want company or not." Dropped him like a bad habit after that
lol probably correct considering it's considered government employment
i can't show my face there ever again. i hope they're ok.
remember initials? lol
im stalking you and im being stalked by another woman and it gives me better perspective on how annoying it is. wish i could just fuck off forever.
i dont blame you for being afraid, just for lying so much like you actually ever cared. it broke my brain and i still unconsciously crave it even tho i know its a lie. why cant i just die already
I appreciate your kindness Anon, but please don't feel too sad for me. I have a good life and a problem missing future. I just needed to get some frustration off my chest about a person I cared about who never cared about me. It sucks but that's life and we can't do anything about it besides move on, you know?
I can understand why you dropped your guy. There isn't much point in playing pretend or having people like that around you. Having them around you just makes things worse. 
I hope you find some happiness too anon
That Wilfred scene will never not be the funniest shit. I don't even need to read the book, "what did he mean?"
You can suck this, Kant.
Shooting hot sperm like unvaxxxed that I am.
i'm leaving you because she has a nicer looking pussy
i'm leaving you because he has a nicer looking dick
someone post the thing
moid
doesn't hit
scrote
doesn't hit
wurstie
doesn't hit
males and females are different
how about this one
i'm leaving you because he has more money
ooh good one. can i get his number, too?
lettersisters triggered by this one simple post
lel
can i get a based with that one?
can't recognize sarcasm
lel
ayyyyy
[carefree, chanty]
motherfuck your gang
cause you're all lame
and you can't hang with me
but keep on playing games
and we'll be playin them
with my [redacted]
or better yet I'll dab
it's all I have
so act complacently
just keep on being bad
that should go good
just wanderin aimlessly
[major, deeply melodic, almost circus music; the chorus]
doot doot
that's the sound of a-something
but I'm not sure it's only a clown!
don't pay any mind
to the humming
cause you're the only transformer around!
tap tap
that's the sound of a-something
the yosemite just bounced off the ground!
the speed at which
it's all running
surely you're even faster than sound!
Orale caverlleros que viva Cristo Rey y fuego,
if i had a dick i'd be constantly bricked up when talking to you
Schizob8ing used to mean something
Interesting observation of the current state of affairs, but might I be informed about who inquired?
i wish women would talk to me this way
Aiste, what do you think about teaming up and getting a cosmopolitan big city milf girlfriend together, one of those with a MBA that look like pic related with big tits
&lt;/333
real b8s rel8 real 8s
[king of the hill theme]
I'M NEVER FUCKIN LEAVIN
BITCH I'M ALWAYS GONNA STAY
OFF THE FUCKIN DEEP END
BUT THAT'S NOT REALLY A CHANGE AND IT'S A
MATTER OF JUST TIME I GUESS
OH WAIT HO NO IT AIN'T
CAUSE I'M NEVER FUCKIN LEAVIN
IT WILL ALWAYS BE THIS WAY
I'M
NE
VER
FUCK
IN
LEAV
IN
FUCK
IN
EV
ER
NEV
ER
EV
ER
I'M NEVER FUCKING LEAVIN
BITCH I'M ALWAYS GONNA STAY
I AIN'T GOING NO WHERE
IT'S GON ALWAYS BE THIS WAY
BURY MY RIGHT HERE WHILE I'M STILL
IN THE FLOW OF THINGS
NEVER FUCKIN LEAVIN
AND IT'S NEVER GONNA CHANGE
[the melody of paula cole, I don't wanna wait]
I think you're really really!
really gonna wanna fuck off
you really oughta buzz off like a bee!
cause I got all this shit
all about it on this disk drive
two tb yes oh you will be
sorry [if you ever find yourself in a situation where you have to say I'm lying]
I tell you what. Six months of peace and also new magic powers through the 5G, maybe just a little more energy and mental clarify without being irritable even, and I'll say a bunch of nicey-nice and then fade off back into the beyond.
I don't really like being irritable, but it's hard when there's haters and jokers lurking in every bush, round every corner, but I still keep my chin up and do like my momma taught me. That's why I can't never let them drag me down to their level; I just have to keep me eyes up, with faith that the ones beneath me will reap their own demise. So that's why I need powers through the 5G, but then they needed they 8G to hold me down, and that's real talk pimpin, so at the end of the day there's really only gotta be 1 G.
Yo sometimes I might need the 5G to hold me down, but it took the 8G for my haters to keep me down, and I still rose up again cause I just kept my eyes to that 1 G who is above us all who helped me keep it G when all the haters were schemin on they're own downfall, not realizing that they were merely sowing the seeds of their own demise while I kept my eyes up above the horizon of their petty games and lies, ya dig
