Whities, just accept korean superiority already
Why have you been spamming shit about koreans lately? Are you envious of them?
I am korean just accept we are better yt boy
Whities, just accept kolean supeliolity alleady
what a bigass head
We dont talk like that. Bad meme
this is now a /r9korean/ board and theirs nothing you can do about it
I don't need to lol
I don't think you are korean. You seem like a westoid using korea as a way to get attention
I dont live in korea, Yes, but i am.
Lowest birthrates in the world too. Wonder what's the deal over there
You conquered the incel board congratulations. You are the new face of inceldom
You are behaving like a bratty bottom. Thats why you make all these threads. You want to find a white daddy to pound you
wish that was me no cap fr fr
tfw no korean gf
honestly, i hate life and i want to die everyday
Are you that polish girl posting (Picrel)?
Answer, schlub. What's with you people and not answering questions?
This is lulu, the tranny who wanted to edate Six but got rejected. She simps for him and sent him nudes and supposedly he shared them with some dudes on discord.
tranny
Why is everyone a tranny? Sure, she looks masculine, but even I can tell that OP is a girl.
Girl in OP is not (Picrel) poster.
Oh.. I was just wondering where the other Polish went. We exchanged a few vocas.
This is a very cute character though.
at least use the better version of korea c'mon
Best Korea
You're welcome.
I know that's you, Stormy. I was kidding about making you an honorary Best Korean. I was meaning to make you an Honorary SOUTH Korean, if you actually act like it. ;)
wuts up with all the mental illness today?
i just hope you werent the one spamming wmaf lol
WMAF is fine. No one cares about SEA. WMKF is not so good though.
wmkf porn spam is impossible
no content
korean woman korean man only
Stormy, to be an Honorary South Korean, act it.
Attack non-K enemies
Tolerate White girls
Do not attack K-bros (man and woman).
You're good, gookie.
White people created korea.
Koreans are very cocky at the moment, because of a boy band of theirs is popular among young teen girls lol.
I do, sorry for ever doubting you Koreanchads... I fucking kneel.
korea is basically a caricature desperately trying to be a combination of Japan and the United states. they one of the most insecure nations in the world and its showing through your posts. Either way, most people realise this and much prefer the superior culture of Japan, so im afraid youre not making anyone jealous
who tf is chimping tho
thats an... interesting photo choice
i didn't get rejected, i only talked to him once and i realised that keeping in touch would be too much work so i decided not to. i did send him one (1) boobs pic and thats it.
Lulu!!! I miss lulu, I hope she's doing alright and I hope the best for her
hii im doing great thank you anon ^.^ i hope you have a great day
When did you get so mindbroken by Six and Stormy to make you shitpost about Korea so much? What did they do to you?
i dont make these posts lolz, its probably stormy who makes them. korean men are handsome yes, but i have a bf now so i don't really care.
Even niggers got more culture than koreans
You're a literal slave race that was liberated by the superior nihonjin
better at having higher suicide rates yes LOL !
White nationalism is a failed idealogy cause white women do not care for white guys. This place is explicitly white nationalist but the girls here prefer chinks. And in the normie world white guys get cucked hard by brown men.
The 14 words goes "We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children because the beauty of the White Aryan woman must not perish from the Earth"
But white women are hell bent on getting their precious aryan wombs filled with non-white seed.
Da o MUIE nu vrei tu?
i pledge my allegiance to nyeongie
