How do you autists deal with all the noise? Early morning lawn mowers and blowers. Neighbours. Housemates. Fuck. I just want peace and quiet. I want to soundproof my home but all the options seem to require you to rip out walls and that is not feasible if you're renting like me. Same if I wanted to mount a heavy blanket with nails, or even stick up acoustic panels without risking damaging the walls. I would move somewhere rural so it's quiet but I have a job working for government's so I need to be in capital cities. I bought those Loop earplugs other spergs use but cause I'm a sperg I feel sensorily uncomfortable with something in my ear. I even got the xxtra small accessory making them more comfortable. Over ear earphones are more comfortable but I can't lie down and sleep in them comfortably. And, I want peace and quiet not the noise cancelling white noise or to be listening to music to crowd the other noise out. FUCCK.
The new airpods are noise cancelling and comfortable. 
I have mental retardation
I also wish I had an easy life
Bet. Consider yourself lucky that you don't actually have any responsibilities.
Etymotic ER2XR with new old stock discontinued LONG STEM small frost tips. going to need to eventually see an audiologist to get some custom tips, and maybe some plugs, although regular foam plugs work well enough anywhere my rave plugs aren't enough. They have the same discontinued tips and the new ones don't fit and get itchy within an hour >:(
i also use a silicone dog collar to clip stuff onto because it works better than shirt and detritus can be rubbed off, and a no-name bluetooth receiver for listening to stuff when not at my desk
even with filters, IEMs will eventually get ruined, especially when left in and trapping a fragrant lacto ferment multiple days in a row, even during sleep, so i keep spares around. they last quite a bit longer if taken out at least for sleep.
physical isolation works way better than active noise cancellation
But I recently spent over $1000 on a new Google Pixel android phone. I can't switch to an Apple now. I never have and don't know how to use one. Surely there's a non apple alternative that's just as good or better?
Airpods work with android. 
that's just as good or better
1. There was a post in the OP complaining about noise. You are talking about luxury and quality. You are a liar. 
2. I truly hope society realizes someday how evil spergs are.
Foam earplugs and putty are uncomfortable for me to.
What the fuck blue tooth receiver and ety shit what are you talking about homie?
Quality of sound protection you ignoramus
my podcasts sound fine through its 1-bit DAC, and i enjoy 100 gecs :-)
quality of sound protection
Try airpods.
By having constant ~40 dB equivalent internal tinnitus I'm accustomed for as long as I can remember.
My dream is to have a house with acoustic foam on the walls, carpet and popcorn ceilings. Also all of the windows removed. Otherwise light is my main issue since it's pretty quiet here, for now.
i feel you anon
i have to create my own noise like music or something
but i'm anxious that i'm the annoying one them
headphones are good though
How do you autists deal with all the noise?
Man I fucking wish I knew how. I've lived in 3 different places this past year and I couldn't sleep quietly in any of them. When I was a teenager I used to stay up late and wake up at 10 am without a care in the world and now I can't because I know I'll be awaken by my neighbors.
I'm especially sensitive to low-frequency noises: footstep, fridge closing, bumps etc. They trigger my flight-or-fight response like crazy and I basically cannot sleep if there's any noise. I can't wear earplugs too often because I have eczema in my ear canals and I'm prone to ear infections. I have literally no solution, it's driving me insane.
