New thread with blackjack and hookers
Last time:>>73028957 
Thread theme:https://youtu.be/4gtGeZ2wOmo [Embed]
this edition is so antithetical to being gay. good job retard
First for galois fields
Good job anon. I was waiting for a while. I hope you had a good day desu
Hooker just means prostitute. It can be male or female. Faggots can fuck hookers and play blackjack btfo retard
yeah youre right im sure your gay little bender gif is talking about male prostitutes. slit your wrist you prisongay retard
Wrong, you can only have sex with your boyfriend.
You can only boyfriend someone after having sex
you can bend words however you like. It means whatever you want to it to mean. Sorry that i didn't make the thread image another woman esque anime boy.
You can only boyfriend someone after having sex
this is so retarded
hopefully that russian larping retard doesnt stick around.
Is it? Just look in the mirror, girl. Clearly you not having any sex is not helping your hunt for a bf at all.
you have sex after you date and become bfs, your order of operations is completely wrong! silly fella!
bf tho
you have sex after you date and become bfs
How has that worked for you so far?
Right... It hasn't
patience is a virtue. i can wait. your parents raised a slut with a low time preference.
hugging my bf like this
You're both right!
The point making emotional connection
Sex can happen before or after
Just don't be a slut like me
patience is a virtue
I can wait 
I wonder if storyanon used to say things like that back in the day. 
Your parents raised an incel.
You can be a slut and still find a bf, but I'm not sure the same is true for being an adult celibate
Well, i didn't even make friends so
I don't think slut is good either
This but from the opposite direction.
Minnesota anon looking for fren 
19
into philosophy, history and like working out 
lonely 
mrFol#6303
Do you know how is he doing?
I hope he's alright
normal nigger thread and now this is an ASL general. good job
Your parents raised an incel.
my parents raised a man thats based and waiting for his future husband. your pparents raised a faggot and a nigger
yank
Its so over. But i read crime and punishment lately and the donkey scene reminded me of nietzchie. I want to stsrt from the basics desu
I don't get to choose who posts in the thread. That's the jannies "job". 
But you're stuck with this thread until it hits 500 replies in about 12 hours or so.
if hue doesnt fuck it up itll be a lot more. i really dont care this thread is unusable anyway, youre just not helping.
into philosophy, history and like working out
!ALERT! Another clone has escaped from the clone factory
His mom passed away recently and he's been living on her savings ever since. 
He's currently waiting for the medical bills to arrive, only then he will know how much money he'll have, and consequently how much longer he will be able to live as a neet. 
He's kind of living in the same way. House is filthy as hell. He's eating frozen pizzas and junk food everyday. But despite everything I'd say he's doing better than I expected
I don't care if i turn into storyanon ill never be a retarded Brazilian leftist faggot that gets STDS
don't think slut is good either
It's better than a friendless virgin
based
You mean a chronically online sperg? 
You are a faggot too, but also delusional and bigoted. And lonely
And lonely
So are you. Glasshouse.
I don't care if i turn into storyanon
You should. Not even storyanon himself would advise you to repeat his mistakes. Just ask him yourself. 
Never had an STD before, but hey that's okay
If I had never known what it feels like waking up next to a man I love, I'd probably be as bitter and angry as you
I hope he's ok and posts soon
Thank you nony
It's not a competition to see who's lonelier but I bet you'd win. You don't even have friends
bored gay and a hundred other things... i was going to make a super funny post but it would involve talking about the (low)quality of the last few threads and all of the metahomos already had their way with that so its stale before debut sigh.....
fascism is literally gay
Smash my back doors in and break my fucking jaw off with a crowbar teehee meep :3
The TRUE and HONEST thread theme: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsRz2L-lUZQ [Embed]
Blep
X3
smooch
how to get physical when you're not made for dancing
put on the prodigy at full volume and go wild
I cope by imagining ironic posters are cute.
i want a bf (shocker) however i find myself being able to live through the loneliness throughout the year until it gets to certain times of the year. kind of like seasonal depression, but not that dramatic. it used to be fall. now? it's summer. i want a summer bf. go out in the nice warm evenings. bros.
oh thank fuck you guys made a new thread already i was running out of danzai pics and i really didn't wanna go looking for more.. so, any free plates fellas?
I bet danzai anon is ugly.
why did everyone shamelessly unload all of their stalest posts after i said that? summer 908 excluded
oh woah woah, discord woah woa woah for r9gay frens woah woah woah!! that's my made up song, but this invite is aaaalll reaaaaaaal g3h6MGK3yb
NEED a german bf bros
how do I get the money to buy a German mail order husband??
need a bf with a receding hairline
You mean a chronically online sperg?
no i mean correct and awesome. enjoy your sad life of being a retarded leftist
sad life
Not a mirror, happy incel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lzt0rdGxnY [Embed]
last month completely disappeared into the hole and i want that to happen again please someone give me good ideas to make this happen
Try going to a bar, look up for gay meetings around town
okay lets say i started doing that what are some ideas for stuff to pass time during the waiting inbetween
Uuuuhm
That i don't know
I usually just forget everything else that happens
sigh i desperately need some time consuming escapism or just a nice mindless distraction id start looking for a job but im pretty sure the schedule would make me flip
Maybe reading, drawing, just walks
Or look for part time jobs
i dont know what to read and i walk but it isnt really distracting me its the opposite of that... i dont actually know what the difference between a part time job is they seem like the same job but with fewer hours is that what you mean or are they typically less social or simple?
Oh, no it is less hours and less to do
Hmmm
Less social
Well there's sure jobs like that, altho more manual labor oriented
Like I don't know, fixing roofs, walking dogs, maybe checking trails on parks
i could do something like that since my only work experience is similar though it was always some random job my uncle made me do but i dont know im already dissuading myself from the idea heh... thanks for the attempt anon im just going to try not to fall into depression while i look for my next time sink
What exactly was your previous time sink?
embarrassingly i was degen gaming for the last month like 10+ hours a day but not only am i extremely bored of that right now but the circumstances that made it possible are no longer there. ive started to feel that boredom-loneliness creeping in again and i really dont want to be stuck in that this year too maybe just one full year i can avoid it
wow honestly same until my windows installation corrupted. decided to install a distro of linux and have been ricing that, causing problems, spending hours trying to fix those problems etc. has been okay as far as distracting me from the terminal stage-7 ennui that encapsulates my being.
glad to see you were all fucking awful overnight and will continue to be for the rest of time as well
ive started to feel that boredom-loneliness creeping in again
When that happens, don't you feel like trying to do anything with someone else? Like a date
never dealt with linux of any type so i cant relate to that bit and when anything goes wrong with my homunculus piece of shit pc i get terrible dread instead of distraction... is this a recommendation? i might actually give it a try
not really... i dont have much aspirations for dating and im afraid of intimacy i dont feel like i have a loneliness from a want for a bf its more of a feeling that what im doing is pointless or degraded in quality because im doing it alone even if that is stupid
it can be less stressful and more fun if you fuck around with it in a VM first
Can we not respond to hue please
that does make sense thanks anon
unless the reply is compelling to me i will ignore it just for you
i will ignore it just for you
That's so romantic...
got a stye somehow
you know with how bullshit everything else is it would be nice to at least be able to blink without it hurting
kissing anon's floppy stye eyelids...
well... there was a capital p please...
you know anon i don't think that would be a particularly good idea for either of us but i appreciate the thought
what kind of logic is this
the kind of logic of someone who is literally just here to shit up the threads by having pointless arguments with retards like you who can't help themselves from taking even six hour old bait
Thesis: A nerdy (glasses-wearing) boy wearing socks with a different look on the soles is very hot and cute.
hmmmm yee
a-asmon viewer ?
Good morning, /r9gay/.
I have woken up sick, and that means I will be treating myself to a large and unhealthy breakfast.
What are you planning on treating yourself to today? You should, anon, it's Friday, unless you're on some remote island somewhere.
sounds hella gay. gl with that
I was planning on cooking some fresh sausage links and hash-browns for my breakfast (if it can be called that when I haven't slept yet) but after my stomach upset last night after eating that pizza I don't know if I should.
I just ate me dinner and it was lavishing. Fried rice with some kind of polish sausage
based sausage guy
cannelloni : )
if your stomach is upset eat something light
it feels fine right now but last night was a completely different story.
Why haven't you slept? That sounds like it would be a fantastic way to kick off a new day, but it can't be breakfast if you don't sleep first.
A lot of sausage appreciators in this thread. I'll have to make sure my breakfast includes sausages as well. The polish ones are nice, I wish I had a polish shop within walking distance.
Every single time I get cannelloni mixed up with cannoli. Big fan of both, though, I hope you enjoy them. Will you be cooking them yourself?
well technically I did dose off on the couch after shitting my guts out last night, but then I woke up and haven't gotten tired again. I actually need to go to the store today for some cat litter too.
hmm still if you're sleeping soon I don't recommend eating anything other than light meal leave it to the actual breakfast
lol they do look similar but no. I'm just eating not cooking don't feel like cooking it's Friday after all.
by then it'll be lunch and I likely won't feel like fixing it. I'm very hungry right now but perhaps you're right. I can always fix it tomorrow.
I want to cook anon dinner and be a good househusband
I just need a replacement mother.
damn, you should fix your sleep schedule. drink water before eating, you won't need to eat as much making it lighter.
dare I say based
Oh, storyanon, whatever shall we do with you?
Anon is right, it's not a good idea to eat a heavy meal at the moment, especially if you're struggling with your sleep schedule. Do you have consistent meal times at the moment? I hear that's supposed to help.
don't feel like cooking it's Friday after all.
You know what, you're right, anon, that's the spirit
well I had been maintaining a decent sleep and meal schedule, until tonight where I stayed up all night and fucked it up.
Guys, wake up, come on
I've been metalworking and my hands are raw so i forgot to post how much i like you guys
desu I only want a bf so he can sit at the table at the cafe while I order so nobody else steals it
metalworking
That sounds really cool anon, what are you making?
A lamellar harness for a 15th century levy. I've been cutting away at several steel sheets and hammering them for months now and i just barely have enough for a front piece. I want to blacksmith as well but i live in a suburban area
I am but ameracani are all sleeping so the thread is dead
the smell of my cannelloni oooh mamma mia
Wallaha ah sono e amore la italiano cooking mamma mia!1!
Molto bello : )
Il tempo e di merda ma almeno il cibo e buono.
What do you like cooking anon? I normally have egg carbonara every two weeks
what if I take a little nibble
well... look on the bright side, when it gets damaged in battle it'll be a lot easier to replace a few damaged scales than to repair a whole breastplate
lasagne, my favourite food. nice, I don't really eat that much of spaghetti meals
True desu although the only battle i'll (n)ever see is in bed
Im just going to eat it that's what i do John
Of the table? Please anon I'm gonna order you some real food just don't let anyone else sit there don't eat the table
i bet a gambeson would make a pretty comfy jacket js nobody would have to know its armor
Latches onto your face like facehugger instead
Im a fag John that's what i do
i won't eat the table sorry
will demand you order a milkshake if ones available though and we can share it with 2 straws
i'm a Zoroastrian now
i really should read mine again, last time was in 2011
https://youtu.be/WufKsOhkTL8 [Embed]
Im a last man waiting for an overman bf to leap across the abyss of my decadence with his wisdom and love me
i have awoken,and can longer go back
hahahaha now I will take anons place as only ten anons can sleep at any one time
uh oh... i never marked off the sleeper tally
There may be more then ten anons sleeping right now. It's joever
No wonder I couldn't get to sleep last night
For fuck's sake, we're supposed to be running a professional operation here
Images of broken glass all red
I think those broken pieces are
all that remains
of my heart
can't concentrate on myself
there is nothing anymore
isolated,
ignored
sharp fragments all over the city
remind me you're not with me
I am only imagining
you can sympathize
and realize
I want to gather it again
if you'll only let me
rebuild
im awake right now c:
GOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND!
https://youtu.be/YnopHCL1Jk8 [Embed]
i slept in more than I probably should but hey thats life
i'm sorry, anon
my grind... is over
crying we just lost a major grinder but the grind continues
the grind never stops even if you want it too
you are a SLAVE to the grind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3nycoZ-zzw [Embed]
no, anon, it's done
i've been ground into a fine dust and scattered to the winds
once again fallen into a state of wanting a boy to play with and comb my hair
you should look for one on dating apps
Hello there, Anon.
I recommend the following read: https://mangadex.org/title/9e954c6b-7a02-4fd7-986d-6331c0ba95d4/hikaru-ga-shinda-natsu
I will not go into detail since I do not want to spoil it but it is really good, picrel btw.
cute
i wish it was me
I fucking hate women. Before, fujos were obsessed with yaoi but at least they had to draw actual men, and I could benefit from it. Now, every BL artist (who is in 99% of the case a woman) feels like the need of drawing trans ""men"" so they somehow self insert in their male on male fantasy. I need dicks
fbf spotted at samurai city bar (important)
Why are their mouths full of cum
Because women will always be obsessed with what they cant make themselves
left to right is trans, gay, bi,, lesbian??
Fuck Kenshi is so good
pan, actually
vodka: opened
pizza: in the oven
clothes: discarded
oh yeah, it's friday time
debate me cowards
4&lt;5
try to disprove it
I can't, anon, I kneel to your superior intellect
As an antidote for all the homophobia around, I like to watch videos of gay dads and their beautiful queer families
it feels like i havent seen a new video in months for some reason my feed is 99% videos ive already seen
Youtube has been shit lately, they keep recommending me videos I don't want to watch and/or channels with 5 views for some reason
trans men are "actual men"
channels with 5 views is a gift. i get absolutely no new videos it actually seems broken even if i go to "new to you" the majority is stuff ive seen before... the only thing that seems to work is shorts and im not clicking on them
Do you know what happens when we hold hands in public?
Problem is those 5 view videos suck haha
state enforced handholding with anon
'Cause every time we touch
I get this feeling
People stare a lot. Some of them are just curious. Others are more judgemental. Some frown. Others get that deer in the headlights face. 
Luckily no one ever physically harassed us. One time we passed a group of teens and I could hear one of them saying "leave them be, they're just chilling", so it was nice being defended by a stranger even though I don't know what he was defending me from.
Overall, public displays of affection will always be our greatest weapon to fight bigotry. There's no better way to normalize queer relationships than to show you're not ashamed of who you love.
i stare at gays outside out of jealousy
now will anon do the right thing and ignore hue
stay tuned for the next episode of r9gay
unironically never seen a gay outside before
Like I said not everyone staring is ill intended. Some are just genuinely curious. 
It's just one more reason to not shy away from pda
You definitely saw plenty of gay people outside, you just didn't know they were gay. 
Nonetheless you should pioneer the public displays of affection in your city if it's such a novelty
You, you were supposed to continue the song anon : (
But yea I've seen it happen to others I never held a boys hand in that context but seen
anooooon, come on, you're supposed to be one of the good ones
never held a boys hand in that context
Oh no, that won't do. Come, let's fix that. Here, hold my hand
you over estimate how many people ive seen but i thought of a time i likely saw one so...
Buddy, if you have no dick, you cant be a man, sorry if you learn it only now
Wdym lol
Sadly I wouldn't feel it since its just text
What I mean is you're responding to hue and that's not very nice, you should hold hands with me instead
I can stay in the middle I guess then
what no
shitposters aren't invited anon
I don't get why you're so pressed with the Brazilian anon he's behaving
is shitposting okay if i never interact with other posters with my shitposts?
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
Good tidings to you
And all of your kin
Good tidings for Christmas
And a happy New Year
We all know the sun is coming
We all know the sun is coming
We all know the sun is coming
And soon will be here
And a happy New Year
Good tidings to you
And all of your kin
Good tidings for Christmas
And a happy New Year
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
And a happy New Year
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy New Year
La, la la la, la la la la, la la, la la la la
La, la la la, la la la la, la la, la la la la
I wouldn't feel it since its just text
Say no more. There's a way to hold hands with a boy irl. I know you have a problem with the whole thing of sex before marriage and everything, but surely you don't see the harm in doing some innocent hand holding, right? All you need is a little push
Ummmm actually anon it's June
That really depends on the nature of the shitposting
No
I don't haha, but I'd like to know them before sex obviously don't wanna end up with someone crazy.
Anon you aren't going to fucking get anywhere with this guy, he's just going to insult you and repeat the same three posts, for everyone's good fucking ignore him
There's always one retard, isn't there
To be honest I just reply to him to make you guys angry.
Maybe everyone would be better off if you didn't spend your time trying to annoy people on purpose?
Tfw youre ethnically south asian/brown and a side
Yea I'm not usually around this parts much but I'm starting to get it. The replies are an infinite loop.
Let's just hold hands without the other Anon
very nice anon id share my favorite christmas song but i dont think i can write in a way youd properly feel it
I'd like to know them before sex
Who said anything about sex? We're only talking about hand holding here. 
I know a way you can hold hands with a boy irl tonight
Thanks anon, I'm sorry for getting annoyed but this guy has been at it for three years now and it's tiring
This magic shaving powder stuff is bullshit I've had it in for like ten minutes now and nothing
Who wants to be my mongol boywife ? . .
And you never grow tired of being a prude and celibate?
Tell these phony bitches "beat it"
With that Photoshoppin', body Adobe
Online dating is so fake yo. From now on i will only ask out guys i see irl
I would love to isekai fascist, neo nazi right wing gays into their ideal world, just to watch them suffer the fate they deserve by promoting their ideology. It's all fun and games until they knock on your doors
I Got Summoned To Slay The Demon King: Hitler In Another World
daddies or femboys?
stop trying to make me into a boywife
i want to be a husband god damn it!
but he minecrafted himself, how can you defeat hitler without becoming hitler?
Got my ass kicked by a common cold. I couldn't do much irl and i was banned so i couldn't even shitpost ;-;
On top of that i had a nightmare as well
God hates me though i did nothing wrong!
Both options are bad but if i had to choose:  femboys 
a househusband or an outside husband? id worry about my outside hubby getting hit by a car or eaten by a big coyote :(
ideally a househusband, but realistically one of us is going to need to work and if my future husband doesn't want to work i wouldn't mind doing that
househusband
God please I need one
tfw no NEET dom
honestly who would date a neet?
realistically we'll both have to work, and even that might not be enough for us to afford an actual house...
Me if he would cook and manage the house
I make enough for two
I'm sneezing a lot and getting sweaty under my blankets. Hope i feel better when i wake up. Why must i suffer?
tfw you're ethnically Anglo-German/White Aryan af with a side of hyperborean
https://youtu.be/-kcOpyM9cBg?t=442 [Embed]
Tomorrow i'm going to the burger king and no one can take that away from me. I'll eat my burger or i will die trying
i am ethnically irish but somewhere in my lineage one of my n-great grandmothers fucked one of the survivors of the destruction of the spanish armada or something because i have brown hair
ideal world
suffer
Well then you do not understand my IDEAL WORLD dumbass
i'd be king of an island with a harem of cute boys at my side
Perioral Dermatitis
Great, I can't let anyone see me like this
tfw no herpes bf
And another thing, why is it so hard to get drunk these days? I should be more than tipsy after a quarter of a litre of vodka
tfw no cute neet bottom e-fwb
unsee cc/album#I21aw5BJDKNdM6Fr
my fbf ordering for us at burger king (we went to mcdonals but he keeps calling it burger king and i wont correct him) while i stand 10ft away at the soda fountain watching so i dont have to be a part of the interaction but they both turn to me and ask if theres anything else i want even though im hiding at the soda fountain across the room balling up my straw wrapper and avoiding eye contact
EWWWW THATS PORN WHAT THE FUCK!!!!
Ok, i deleted that one :c
what even is an efwb
nice cock btw
Wait I didn't see the cock someone post it
i just experienced this same thing the other day and strangely i had no problem the week before
Sexting fren. And thanks.
6.2'', uncut, veiny, curved upward, i'm not posting it again.
Anon this is so adorable >~&lt;
It's bullshit, anon, they're diluting our booze to fuck with us
Someone else will, one of you guys has to still have the tab open come on
tfw eating sausage links for dinner, they turned out pretty good even though it was the first time I've cooked them. 
first weekend in over a month with getting a delivery pizza.
When anon says he is wn, it's just a short way of saying fat, balding, mentally ill, hairy neet who will never have sex
tfw fat balding, mentally ill, hairy neet but not a cringe wn.
thats fine but i would prefer to order ahead through the app so its ready for pickup when we arrive and we can eat in the car while listening to music and um maybe ill ask for a fry and you feed it to me yyourself haha idk
wn
Wtf is a wn?
I don't get the whole ordering ahead thing what if I get hit by a bus on the way to mcdonalds
white nationalist, I'm assuming as I've seen wn short for it on /pol/ before.
even worse when you start to feel a little sick or tired but not drunk i wonder if there is an actual reason for this
successful people are less likely to hold political views far outside the norm
Whoa, you should, like, write a book, or something
uh oh, I ate the entire pack of sausages and now my stomach hurts. Hopefully I won't be shitting my guts out again.
exactly. thats why im just plainly racist instead of a cringe political nerd
I'm not a White Nationalist. I am a total nigger deathist AKA a Chud.
Political discussions can take place after billions have died
That sounds like it might be tolerance desu
I've found there's a wall that I hit and I start to feel actually drunk rather than a linear process
I'm so close to it
i am apolitical and don't consider race important but i don't want to be around black people personally
Chud poster is the most obnoxious,unfunny faggot i have ever come across.
Personally I'm scared of all normies, white, black, whatever. So many unwritten social rules I could violate at any time.
I want to write social rules on anons body
White normies will abuse you socially while a black person will just actually kill you
Basically there's no winning
Please do maybe that way I'll actually learn them
sometimes i believe the gaslighting and i think i might be autistic, but then i think about everyone else's behavior with the same criticism and realize that so are they
You forgot ugly and single
yo yo come erre whiteboy
get that ass over here we bout to have some fun knoimsayin?
rapes and kills you
This only happens inside anon's head. Now go outside and interact with black people. Maybe you will learn a thing or two
What social rules are the hardest to follow?
i really hope it isnt tolerance because i rarely drink these days and if that is going to happen even just a quarter of the time i will suffer greatly... ive never experienced what youre talking about but it does sound annoying, outside of a normal drunk and the could be tolerance thing the only other one that happens is i get extremely drunk by surprise
How do you find drinking alone enjoyable? Doesn't it lower your inhibitions and make you feel like going out?
Wow, that's exactly how it is...... Thanks anon, will avoid black people from now on.
I used to pretty and had a bf now i'm ugly and single :(
I still have my chud bros
Yeah, it's a pain in the ass, I stopped drinking for a while and the tolerance went away a little bit but not completely
For now I can still get drunk before I get sick but it doesn't sound fun
What do you drink, anon, maybe that has something to do with it?
Also ignore hue thanks mwah
I wish I had a bf to hike and cuddle in tent with
I find it funny how "white" americans are so obsessed over proving how white they are, no one in the old world considers you white fyi. Have fun &lt;3
we stayed winning for too long my bro, til friends have fallen &amp; we slayed the last foe
i thought that metal thing was a basedjak for a second
actually the only real americans are anglos
had a bf
you're going straight to the gas chamber desu
I never really go hiking or camping desu but it's the sort of thing I'd love to do with a nice boy
I'm sorry for what i said in the last thread. Any anon wants to marry me?
it's pretty fun. i would probably do it again
honestly no you're really annoying and I don't need to be waking up next to that shit
i think you're cute ventianon but i'm probably not the guy for you
nope to be honest i dont even know what the feeling is supposed to be like and the enjoyment varies
i prefer to drink gin but that last experience was with rum. it feels like my tolerance has gotten a bit better since i stopped drinking but that could just be imagined... really sucks how everything just gets worse
also ignore hue
aaaaahhhhhh thats too uncomfortable
it's a lot more fun with another person, but also a lot more fun the harder it is imo. going to a car campsite is a little boring
We didn't have sex! I'm still a STONE COLD INCEL
the only stone cold you're going to be is stone cold in a mass grave, scumbag
white is a colonial identity so it really isnt important what happens in the old world because their concept of ethnicity is different
do you even have any camping gear anyway, anon? a tent and sleeping bag, backpack, boots? it's a sixteen hour hike round trip to the mountaintop and we'll be sleeping along the trail!
tfw no chad chud bf
What kind of places do you go camping, anon? I've only ever been camping in forests as a kid but it's very comfy
Well, yeah, it feels like to some extent the point of camping is being away from civilisation and other people and all the rest of it, commercialised campsites kind of ruin the whole thing, not that I really go camping
do you even have any camping gear anyway, anon?
Let me guess, you are willing to put that much time into a hobby yet you are still here tfw no bf posting? Do you even try?
woodlands and mountains. nothing too over the top but it was really nice.
straight netorare
this shit is the reason i am gay nigger don't post the deviousness of the common whore here
tfw no bf to take me out to the woods and leave me to die.
we'll be sleeping along the trail!
You and who exactly? Anime boy inside your phone? Why don't you try to get a real man who can keep you warm at night.
it's a sixteen hour hike
It flies by when you have a bf with you but of course you don't know that. Did you even hold hands with a boy lol
most chads are disgusted with chuds
I've got a backpack, big tent, boots, and scout uniform.
who riled up the ant hill
it's just the brazilian
That's probably why i don't have a chad chud bf yet. Shame chuds look like shit, unlike me, i look like a chad but i'm a 100% chud
I have an entrenching tool, wool cloak, a backpack and a camel pack. Sorry anon I'm going to have to share tent with you
What's your jawline like? Do you have muscles?
need a gypsy bf to live a bohemian lifestyle with
i really want to go scuba diving, i think it would be a little like spacewalking. deserts give me a great otherworldly vibe too
obviously the two men are the ones in the tent and that's his sweaty underpants
scout,, you're joking about the scout uniform right? like boy scouts?
is the trenching tool for digging toilet holes
Yes and yes. I don't use the c word lightly
It was two months today since mom died. I still can't believe I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life. 
I already feel like I'm losing whatever grip on sanity I had.
I never got to hike much with guys, but there was a guy I had a crush on and every time we hung out I'd make up an excuse for us to continue walking together a little more. In hindsight that was probably obnoxious of me but hey I was lonely.
summoning storyanons mom back to life so he stops talking about her
obviously the two men are the ones in the tent and that's his sweaty underpants
1) that's female underwear and wetness in the shape similar to that of female arousal discharge
2) this is where that image is from https://nhentai.net/g/441433/
I was always lonely but never alone. Funny how that works
Macam kecik cantik gila tak cukup!
you're joking about the scout uniform right? like boy scouts?
serious
probably doesn't fit now but it might be good for cosplay
Having trouble falling asleep, anyone wanna read me a bedtime story? And make it cute thanks &lt;3
read it to you in the thread?
scuba diving is equal parts exciting and terrifying, but coral reefs and sea creatures and that sort of thing are so fucking cool I'd take the risk
Yes, of course. Pick a cute one please
have tried closing your eyes? perhaps putting the phone down
Hey that's not a bedtime story >:(
Meant to reply to you. I'm tired
uhmm well not all black people
Alright I'll keep that in mind but If I'm in an area which I wouldn't normally be in(Any major city or any area with a large non white population) and three black dudes walk up to me. I'm crossing to the other side of the street.
Tolerance is all ebb and flow but in the long run we become effectively impervious, these brief moments beyond the veil are sacred and beautiful but so fleeting, we have to enjoy them
I'd have seen your post sooner if you did the right thing but I had to go take a piss so I could see you on a device that hasn't recursive his hue 
I hope you're doing well, anon
ugh you're right sorry
what kind of stuff did you do in the scouts? can you teach me to fish?
sometimes i think about what if i lost the boat while diving in the ocean but other than that it seems pretty fun :D it's not like anything is really gonna eat you down there
White did the white man cross the road?
Because he is racist and has internalized homophobia
In the foothills of the Alps, near Locarno in northern Italy, there used to stand an old castle belonging to an Italian marquis, which can now, when one comes from the direction of the St Gotthard Pass, be seen lying in ruins; a castle with high-ceilinged spacious rooms, in one of which the mistress of the house one day, having taken pity on an old sick woman who had turned up at the door begging, had allowed her to lie down on the floor on some straw they put there for her. The marquis, by chance, on his return from hunting, entered this room to place his gun there as usual, and angrily ordered the woman to get up from the corner in which she was lying and remove herself to behind the stove. As she rose, the woman's crutch slipped on the polished floor and she fell, dangerously injuring the lower part of her back; as a result, although she did manage with indescribable difficulty to get to her feet and to cross the room from one side to the other in the direction indicated, she collapsed moaning and gasping behind the stove and expired.
Several years later, when the marquis found himself in straitened financial circumstances owing to war and a series of bad harvests, he was visited by a Florentine knight, who wished to buy the castle from him because of its fine position. The marquis, who was eager to effect this transaction, told his wife to accommodate their guest in the above-mentioned room, which was standing empty and was very beautifully and sumptuously furnished. But in the middle of the night, to the consternation of the husband and wife, the gentleman came downstairs to them pale and distraught, assuring them on his solemn word that the room was haunted: for something that had been invisible to the eye had risen to its feet in the corner with a noise as if it had been lying on straw, and had then with audible steps, slowly and feebly, crossed the room from one side to the other and collapsed, moaning and gasping, behind the stove. (cont)
Why did the Black man cross the road?
Because of systemic racism
The marquis, filled with an alarm for which he himself could not account, dismissed his guest's fears with feigned laughter, and declared that to calm them he would at once get up and spend the remaining hours of darkness with him in his room, but the knight begged to be permitted to remain in the marquis's bedroom in an armchair, and when morning came he called for his carriage, took his leave, and departed.
This incident caused an extraordinary stir and, to the marquis's extreme vexation, deterred a number of purchasers; consequently, when his own servants began to repeat the strange and inexplicable rumour that a ghost was walking at midnight in that particular room, he resolved to take decisive steps to refute this report, by investigating the matter himself on the following night. Accordingly, when evening fell, he had his bed set up in the room in question and, without going to sleep, awaited midnight. But to his horror he did in fact, on the stroke of the witching hour, hear the inexplicable sounds: sounds as of someone rising from a bed of rustling straw, and crossing the room from one side to the other to collapse in moaning death-agony behind the stove. When he came down next morning the marquise asked him how his investigation had gone, whereupon he looked about him apprehensively and uncertainly, bolted the door, and assured her that the reports about the haunting were true. At this she was more terrified than ever before in her life, and begged him not to let the matter become generally known until he had once again, in cold blood, and in her presence, put it to the test. (cont)
you're racist!!!
Yes. However I wouldn't judge a black man for crossing the street because 3 white dudes with buzzcuts are walking up to him.
But sure enough, on the following night, both they and a loyal servant, whom they had asked to accompany them, heard the very same inexplicable, ghostly sounds; and it was only because of their urgent desire to get rid of the castle at all costs that they were able in their servant's presence to conceal the dread that seized them and to attribute the occurrence to some trivial and fortuitous cause which would no doubt come to light. When on the third evening the couple, determined to get to the bottom of the matter, again went upstairs with beating hearts to the guest-room, it chanced that the house dog, which had been unchained, met them at the door; whereupon, without any explicit discussion of why they did so, but perhaps instinctively desiring the company of some third living creature, they took the dog with them into the room. At about eleven o'clock they each sat down on a bed, two candles burning on the table, the marquise fully dressed, the marquis with a rapier and pistols, which he had taken out of the cupboard, laid in readiness beside him; and while they sat there trying as best they could to entertain each other with conversation, the dog lay down in the middle of the room with its head on its paws and went to sleep. (cont.)
Presently, at exactly midnight, the terrible sounds were to be heard again: someone visible to no human eye, someone on crutches rising and standing up in the corner of the room, the rustling of the straw, the tap, tap, of the advancing steps - and at the very first of these the dog, waking and starting to its feet with ears erect, began growling and barking exactly as if some person were walking towards it, and retreated backwards in the direction of the stove. At this sight the marquise, her hair standing on end, rushed from the room; and while her husband, snatching up his sword, shouted 'Who's there?', and on getting no answer lunged like a madman in all directions through the empty air, she called for her carriage, resolving to drive off at once to the town; but even before she had packed a few belongings together and gone clattering through the gate, she saw the whole castle burst into flames around her. The marquis, in a frenzy of horror, had seized a candle and, the house being panelled with wood throughout, had set fire to it at all four corners, weary of his life. In vain she sent in servants to rescue the unfortunate man; he had already perished miserably, and to this day his white bones, gathered together by the country people, still lie in that corner of the room in which he had ordered the beggarwoman of Locarno to rise from her bed.
we went camping and did occasional volunteer work
it's a great way to learn about nature, teamwork, and leadership
I don't like fishing but I'll go kayaking and bring the cooler
I only rape black guys
Entertain me you monkeys. Start dancing NOW! I am bored
be me 
the other day
in car
look out window
see little black kid in his yard playing
get angry
be me
today
at store
black woman walks past me
feel disgust 
The internet has destroyed my brains bros
be me at halal shawarma the other day
look down and see a little black baby
wave and smile at her
look up and mom smiles back at me
be me at old navy outlet store
tiny chinese baby blocking the exit
gently step around her in the doorway
mom sitting nearby smiles at me
that does seem right. still its all so annoying and even horrible
i hope youre doing well
im not doing that bad today and i cant complain much about my living situation outside of its dullness but i can feel my mood getting lower over the last few days. i hope youre doing well too. thank you
Why do anons keep lying? What do you get out of lying to strangers online?
well you're a kinder man than me anon. That is commendable.
actually i've stopped telling the truth online. i've even stopped being amiable. i don't go telling lies, i literally only converse in low-effort shitposts directed at no-one, because even if you bare your soul to the world no one will believe you anyway. there's no point in saying anything of value, just make random noise. it's as good as any.
Tell me a truth, anon, I'll believe you, I promise
its impulsive ive never lied intentionally. why? who knows
be me at the supermarket?
two obese latina moms talking
side by side next to their carts
blocking the entire aisle
combined 8-9 kids: ignored
cant get to my crunchy oat bran
trip the fat kid that keeps bumping me
mom finally goes to get him
i think she noticed but didnt say anything
The guy who brought donuts on Friday got let go and the lab has had serious trouble adjusting. We alternate between no donuts and like 4 dozen every Friday.
Today was a 4 dozen day
Thank you for the Story anonny
Shake up the game by bringing a loaf of bread with peanut butter and jelly.
Friday 
going to spend another weekend reading BL 
heh heh.. yeah..
I love reading brutalist literature too.
my pubes fucking itch. almost bad as that day when there were bugs in them wtf
DINOSAURS ARE MY BEST FRIENDS 
THROUGH THICK AND THIN TIL THE VERY END! 
PEOPLE TELL ME TO NOT PRETEND 
"STOP LIVING IN YOUR MADE UP WORLD AGAIN!" 
YET THE DINOSAURS, THEY'RE REAL TO ME 
THEY BRING ME UP AND MAKE ME HAPPY! 
I JUST KNOW THE WORLD CAN SEE 
THE DINOSAURS ARE A PART OF ME
https://youtu.be/74TspYOJrmE [Embed]
Hehe based. What's your favorite bl anony
killing stalking
come on anony that shit is for edgy teenage girls.
sauce? for a fellow mongol boywife lover
draws chick
calls it a dude
i hate so called "artists"
back at summer camp there was a white kid who seemed to attract all the ticks
he also didn't shower, which may have contributed
Zased... so fucking based...
Showering takes away your vril dude
That kid is a man amongst boys
the only people i ever knew who liked hetalia besides me were a bunch of weeb girls in middle school
i need to get TOPPED holy shit
What does anon mean by this?
Hetalia isn't the greatest. Its fun for what it is however that doesn't stop me from loving Germany. Imagine making such a sexo character and putting him into a silly show like Hetalia.
More like mein krafted himself
CARLOS YOU FUCKING UGLY WORM PIECE OF SHIT
join tf2 match
alt tab to switch music 
get distracted by whatever stupid internet thing
remember im in tf2 match
alt tab
"you have been kicked for inactivity"
this keep happening. I genuinely think I'm retarded or something dudes
https://youtu.be/oZwo-ui37rQ?t=30 [Embed]
respond to friend after 4 years
no reply
I think he is kill bros...
lonely as all get-out tonight bros
tfw no bf to teach how to cook
WHAT YOU THINK I AM SOME KIND OF WORM LIKE YOU!
it's Friday, gotta get down
I'm already an okay cook so we'd need the advanced course
ive had two boyfriends since i last came to this thread in summer 2021
is ohio anon still here? what about hue and stgstv nc femboy
also you should all go outside it fixed my life
i've had two boyfriends in 2 years
How do people hold no sentimentality over anything? I see no reason to want to emulate your life because you have poor moral fiber(you are a massive whore) and I find that to be quite disgusting. Please leave this thread and never come back.
I wish i had such moral fiber desu. My stubbornness is a prison and i am rotting
watched a sad movie and it disrupted my nightly fap schedule. i just cant do it bros
mossacannibalis, he draws really cool historical stuff : )
not every man is huge and burly nice bait, if you don't like it don't comment and move on
nta but nigga that is a woman. your, and the artist's, delusion that it's le feminine man is simply a manifestation of the anime pornography on your harddrive.
disappointed in you anon
even if that is the case which it isn't, I am bisexual so I don't really care
biscum
my fellow r9gayniggers,
we got him
I'm not saying that every man is some hunk however those drawings look like chicks. I'm tired of this weird gaslight people always try to pull when you point out the trap shit they post. They always do the
UHMM ACTUALLY SORRY I DONT LIKE BIG FAT HAIRY MEN UNLIKE YOU BARAFAG GOSH!!!!! 
Its kind of annoying. 
Picrel is a good example of a feminine man which isn't just a chick.
It was much expected brother. Execute order 69
turns out he's a twinkjak
Bros...
Anyone who has a "twinkjak" profile picture on any site is a fat man. The man behind the screen is boogie.
sexo
it really doesn't matter to me I enjoy all, of course there are some that such case is obvious but for me this one is not
how do i induce balding without pulling out my hair
why would anybody do that
except to study and weaponize the effect in a kind of evil balding-gun
tfw you will never feel Gut's pecs against your dick
i have my reasons and i need answers
tfw you will carass Gut's fragile soul with your lips
No, I meant like in real life.
Shouldn't have got drunk last night, now I have a hangover as well as a cold
Francis it's Asu. Idk why but your telegram chat has gone poof. Can't see it.
Asu, it's Francis. Sniff my farts you congoloid.
tfw no bf that sounds like chills
Good morning princess 
I'm sad and gay
i too am sad and gay
guess i should go die
tfw no sad and gay bf
If I did have a bf I'd just worry he resented me and want to leave me when I was too sad and gay
they will always leave you so there's no point in getting a bf, you'll just end up sadder and gayer
I can see the gemmy in you guys
tfw no bf who sees the gemmy in me when I cannot
wtf is a gemmy
The lovely shape of your heart. You are not a cobby
My energy is all drained and I really need a hug
Can I give you a hug anon?
Finally dragged myself out of bed at 12pm
We stay winning
That would be lovely thank you
Of course anon, I hope you get to feeling better.
*hugs*
You're always there when I'm feeling down. That's not lost on me, anon. It's very sweet of you.
I'm glad to be able to help you feel better anon. I do need to get to bed soon though... The sun is about to come up in a few minutes.
Okaay, good night (morning) anon. Close the curtains and put on a fan to drown out the light and noise of the day. Sleep tight!
Hey anon, I'm going to the store, do you want anything?
Goodnight anon, I hope you have a good day and thank you for the advice. See you later.
can you get me an arizona green tea
pick me up a bf, thanks
tfw it's another "peel off skin Saturday"
Where's dutchie (or anyone else) to cheer me up? :C
Can you get me femboy milkshake im hungy
Bitch I'm not out here being anyone's second choice, I'll peel your skin
tfw no pathetically weak bf flex on with my huge muscles
I just mentioned him first because he seems to like me. Whereas you and the others are of an undefined attitude towards me. So no anon, you aren't my second choice and neither is he my first one. Frankly there is no kind of ranking in place at all.
I'll peel your skin
Really?! You'd do that for me??? >.&lt;
wyd when the kid above your flat makes fire alarm noises to 'calm himself'
You're telling me you can't out autism a kid? You're bigger than him, you're louder than him, show that little shit who the real fire alarm is in this apartment complex
had one of those really long dreams where the continuity is decent and again it involved driving or traveling somewhere is it possible to have these dreams otherwise?
This image hurts my back
i bought a bigass stereo off craigslist just for situations like this
this was a pretty good thread
I mean you can do that and it sounds fun but can you also help me stop being weak
Boy, can't wait for "peel your skin off Sunday"!
tfw he is so annoying that his voice alone makes you angry
SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP
resigned a game that was drawable
auuuughhhh fuck I'm losing my mind
so long gay bowser
its real
Holy crap, the brain worms don't wanna go away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Maybe I do need antipsychotics? And a bf probably...
Days when i'm around others more always make me feel drained and empty. It doesn't help that they are boring. I hate them
Yes, but you're still probably going to end up doing mostly cardio
1184
it's so fucking joever
I like punching things a lot ^_^
it's a pretty fun hobby but DON'T get your identity wrapped up in it because fighting is NOT a good thing or useful everyday skill. i'm saying this for your own sake too. there's no future in it kid
If you're going to make fun of fat amerimutts at least be in shape please thank you
I want to smash your face and make you spit blood
ok well you can't and that's really helping to prove my point right now isn't it champ :)
tfw no bf to do ECT on me
UwU
I could still kill you, those muscles dont mean shit
Anon discovers guns
tfw no bf who has trained his muscles to the point they can stop bullets
Need a steaming hot bf to passionately give me brain damage real bad right now...
you mean these guns?
flexes mediocre muscles mostly lumps of fat
tfw no prison bf
tfw no bf prison
(:&lt;
We're all trapped in the prison of our emotions darlings~
I don't wann die without having sex with a cute boy :(
I want to get married before I die
I never wanted to get married but i always wanted to die
tfw no bf to kill me  with his cock 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND!
https://youtu.be/4AdP6WtYZ9Y [Embed]
If anyone else is gay and independent hmu
Gud morning anon
Getting sick with no bf to help me feel comfy suggs
hmu
sorry anon, I don't need no man
i love u venti
sincerely,
your secret admirer
I love u too gayboi, even if u are a lil bit creepy and stalkerish
Is coming up and talking to me really that tough?~
everything is too tough sometimes, most times....
tell us more, anon, we're friends here
I know it can be tough, but that's what makes it worthwhile, right? Even if you try and fail, the effort is what matters most to me. As your Archon, I want nothing but the best for you! So try your best for me, oki?~
stalkertranny + mexichud OTP
i will move to the city and sell my car for an electric bicycle. i will get a studio apartment that is too small for anyone to come over.
one day I will live in the pod and I will be happy
you really should prioritize having your first date
i firmly believe that human beings were put here upon this earth to work in south american lithium mines and bicycle factories
This reminded me of pic related meem
When you turn 18 you get to choose one of three paths in life
The Bicycle factory
The Lithium mine
Fighting in the forever war against Eurasia
I need to actually go the store and get that cat litter today. I've put it off for two days now and the cats are starting to complain about their litter boxes being dirty.
Storyanon look for real though? Get rid of the pets. Pets are messy and require maintenance. You're not clean enough to have pets
he told his mom he would take care of them. he cant and shouldn't get rid of them. plus he needs the responsibility
Like he said, I can't get rid of the cats. I think without them I'd go completely insane. I love them all like my children too.
on todays episode of very nick picky standards I have for dating even though im an incel loser: 
I would never date someone who called Doomguy "The doomslayer" or "doomslayer". Yes Old good New bad.
plus he needs the responsibility
He'll just let his home become one full sized litter for cat shit and piss. It will smell horrible, plus diseases
just let the cats piss outside
very nick picky standards I have for dating even though im an incel loser
It's like a teenager boasting about cutting scars
how many cats are there? 
Just get a hamster
this is the first time ive ever seen the word doomslayer
Its only really used when talking about the newer doom games and its his official title in those newer games. Which I think is fucking stupid and LAME.
9 of them. even she admitted it was way too many but now we have them I can't get rid of them.
9??? Fucking 9 cats? Storyanon what the hell... Even for a clean person that would still be a challenge. But for you? 
Dude... Your house is covered in cat filth... 
Bro... Help yourself
I can't. I try my best but I know that isn't going to be good enough.
tfw no tfwywn post to post
Realistically what you're going to want to do is rehome them. At many of them as you can. Usually that means charging like $200 to the new owner and getting paperwork from the vet that the animal is vaccinated and spayed / neutered. The local SPCA can help maybe, or if you wanna put up flyers etc. You'll still probably have to hold onto most of them for a while and a few forever anyway. Again, I'm not saying to get rid of them or throw them out but to look for new families to take them.
9 cattos is a lot for a loser with no job
Old doom games suck ass. Unplayable
New doom games are amazing. I like ripping demons apart
No. I can't rehome them. I love all of them and getting rid of any of them would feel like betraying my mom. 
also I didn't go to the store so I'll be ordering a pizza for dinner and not doing the litter boxes for another night.
I'll be ordering a pizza for dinner and not doing the litter boxes for another night
every day of your pathetic existence is an embarrassment to her memory
At least I cook some days. I don't live entirely on frozen food and takeout/pizza delivery.
let him kuk
know multiple yaoi obsessed fujo artists
almost all of them draw better than me
I'm listening to songs that make me sad but i can't cry. I am sad though :(
do masc bottoms even exist here? :(
I look masc but personality wise I'm a total fem type.
I'm masc but my body is skinny and my face is ugly
not doing the litter boxes for another night.
You have fucking 9 cats and you haven't cleaned their shits for 3 days
Please anon, listen to me: you're gonna get toxoplasmosis and get fucked up
motherfuckers be like masc this fem that I dunno man I'm just some guy
Typical fem bottom
just saw a homophobic webm on /wsg/ and it bummed me out.
please explain how you reached this conclusion
Usually when a guy tries to shy away from the masculine/feminine duality, he leans to the fem side. 
Fence sitting is typically a bottom attitude
I'm masc but I'm also chubby...
I can still shift the boxes, just not fully change them which I do need to do.
Stop making excuses, dude. This is far from ok
Interesting
I still don't think I'm particularly feminine and I never said I wasn't a bottom but what you're saying makes sense
well I'll go tomorrow. I'll need to anyway as I'm almost out of food.
Same desu, I don't relate to either side heavily.
those are nothing compared to the wholesome gay couple webms on gif sometimes
psychological warfare fr fr 
decimates my day
basketball jones
i got the basketball jones
got the basketball jones oh baby ooo
one makes me mad at the world, the other makes me mad at my life
I want to check on him, see how he is doing, talk to him... but i can't. It hurts so much. I must endure it. It would hurt him more if i tried to contact him again :(
Stomach hurts i should vomit but i won't do it because it's disgusting
Ate too much bad food today and i was sick. Bad decisions are the story of my life
ate a cheeseburger and fries today, i'm feelin good
my restless legs are really acting up tonight. I just wish I could have a few seconds of relief.
