Describe what a perfect day for you would look like?
would be nice if a skinny pinay girl sucked my dick while i ate some ice cream in the woods for example
Like a realistic perfect day or one where I get to have a gf?
a stray bullet from somewhere hits me in the temple instantaneously and painlessly ending my life
perfect day in perfect life
wake up with my wife in my arms
we have morning sex
i go take a shower while she cooks breakfast
the kids (one boy and one girl) wake up from food smell and come to the kitchen to eat with us
i spend some of the morning playing sports with my son and daughter
spend time with wife as well until lunch
after lunch i go to my study and start working on a new book i'm writing
stop it at 6 and go spend more time with family
we play games or something
have dinner
read a story to my kids until they fall asleep
play piano until my wife comes back from a quick shower
put on some music and slow dance with wife
kiss her
more sex with wife
so much sex we fall asleep from exhaustion
perfect day in my current lfie
wake up
find out i won the lottery
go sleep
This except a baby grand piano crushes me to death while out on a walk.
Eat large breakfast
Spend the next 16 hours tripping on LSD
Invite over a girl
Watch I show and being able to understand what is being said 100%
you can't take psychedelics on a full stomach. you'll blow chunks everywhere and hallucinate that the chunks are something distressing and terrible
you can't take psychedelics on a full stomach
Done it tons of times before. No idea what you are talking about. It's very difficult for me to intake anything besides liquids while tripping, so I always eat a meal beforehand.
that is very cute anon
That but let it be funny. Like, at least feature my death on some gore site.
Probably the same as the #sigma keanu reeves
This, only I don't wake up at all
you're probably one of those lanklets who defines a full meal as three tatertots and a slim jim
Wake up
Have Eggs Benedict and a cafe au lait for breakfast
Check concentration camp updates from the overnight
Another 327 blacks expired...various causes
Corpses forwarded to meat packing plant to be butchered for export to China
Get dressed in camp commandant uniform
Walk across camp assembly area to office
Blacks in fields already hard at work
Manufacturing plant blacks being herded into factory buildings
One black stumbles and falls, holding up line
Guard immediately draws pistol and shoots him in the head
"Good man!" I shout. "Don't let any of these jiggas malinger!"
Bounce up stairs into camp HQ office
Greeted by two Candy Striper 15 year old interns from the Youth Guard
One hands me another coffee
Palm her ass and thank her
The other hands me a printout of my schedule for the morning
9:30 AM update from camp doctor on progress of medical experiments on blacks
10:30 AM meeting with transportation chief on status of cattle car maintenance
11:00 AM private meeting with interns
12:00 lunch
wake up early in the morning, play some vinyls as I make my bed, water my plants, smoke some cigs and play with my dog 
go swimming 
breakfast and a chapter or two of a good book (preferably a sci fi psychological and body horror)
meet up with friends and do all following things with them:
find out that Paganini from 1923 finally got found and get access to watch it on a big screen or if not, visit a cool art exhibition (I always wanted to see Yayoi Kusamas infinite rooms)
Starbucks (cold brew with two pumps of hazelnut and no milk)
amusement park with LOTS of crazy rollercoasters and a top tier haunted house 
McD for dinner! Chicken salad w vinaigrette, fries and vanilla milkshake for me
hard choice between a concert (would be BMTH) or a rave but one is obvious:
drinks drinks drinks and more drinks (vodka redbull my love), also dancing all night and chatting with new fun people too
maybe some drama to make it interesting, drunk philosophical talks, passing around a small blunt
around 5am making sure all my girls go home safely 
go to bed to cuddle with my dog 
I wanted to include some other things too like going to an art studio and paint/sculpt, going to a writing class, a picnic or a shopping spree but I guess 24h is only 24h rip. I just wish my life was fun. 
Realistically:
wake up
finally get brave enough to jump off of the building 
die
i'm originally thankful for your comment
any day with ciara would be a perfect day
wake up with a solid 6-7 hours of sleep
go for a walk on a perfect 18 degree celsius day listening to atmospheric music
porridge breakfast while watching videos
get a massage from a cute Japanese lady and blow my load down her throat
play vidya for 4 hours
go out and play basketball for an hour
shower and play some more vidya and eat some thai food for the rest of the night
I am a simple man, I don't need friends or activities to really have a good time
wake up
neighbors moved out, leaving both apartments adjacent to me empty
world peace
A perfect day?
One where I take an absurd amount of psychedelics and become a disembodied holy spirit completely at peace full of love and warmth with no concept of time or perception of self.
wake up at 6am to phone buzzing notifications.
all non-whites died to some virus.
Wife makes the kids and I breakfast while I drink breakfast and read the local paper.
USPS drives up early, drops off some parts I needed for project car.
go with son to pole barn, show up what I'm doing, he learns something. 
afternoon, go back in to my office while the kids play outside, no new projects I'm assigned to, so browse 4chan and have a few "honey you gotta come look at this funny meme!" moments. 
mid afternoon it gets nice and warm, go with wife on the lake, lay my head on her lap and relax while she plays flute. 
back in and prepare dinner with the wife, as some family is coming over. 
enjoy big family dinner, play some board games.
have a few beers by the fire pit enjoying the company of people I love. Someone asks me if they can bring their car over to my pole barn since I have a 4 post lift, say of course!
Everyone goes back home, we put the kids to bed and I fuck my wife, she doesn't soak through the towel this time, so we don't have to change the sheets and can go straight to cuddling to sleep.
Something like that. Of course, I could optimize it further if I thought more on it. I'm just a basic man with basic things I love.
wake up not from an alarm
fuck around on my computer for 20 hours
sleep without needing to set an alarm
This is all I want. I can't have it.
