Can you please stop calling me "retard-san"? I don't like it. I'm not retarded.
many such cases
tranny-kun and retard-san. wonderful.
She is very smart. I have a high IQ so I can tell these things. I'm also not trans so both nicknames are stupid, but if you can only change one, change hers.
ok retard-sama, greatest of all retards, so retarded he uses a tripcode but not even a name
what a fucking retard
Ok retard-san
wow so real and so true totally not bullshit i think
Me too OP. I don't care if anyone calls me a a gay nigger faggot tranny but if they call me a retard I can't take it
Do you only love your boyfriend conditionally and because he provides utility
Tripping with a name is actually retarded, though. It's just meant to ward off imitators.
She's smart.
It's literally true. If you're smart, it's easy to tell when others are smart or dumb.
hmm i agree i too am very smart and by reading your post i am confident in saying you are not as smart as you think you are 
:3
Shut up Retard-san. You got your name for a reason.
Oh good, you're here. Wrangle your tard.
Attention anons: Quick reminder that Retard-san started HRT at 22 and wears diapers
How smart do you think I am?
Why did I get my nickname? Lol.
Neither of those are true lol.
not very smart
i mean you are actively browsing and posting on a board for retards
How are you very smart?
Stop calling me retard-san! I am not retarded! I don't like being called that!!!
I love him because of who he is, nothing less. He is everything to me!
Completely false and made up.
But if he was less confident or outgoing you wouldnt have cared about him right.
I found out why my life has no value because I am not self assured and I am not neurotypical
because this isnt the only board i frequent
For someone who doesn't like being called retard-san, you sure are fucking retarded.
That doesn't make you smart.
She is smart, dough.
He is the complete opposite of confident and outgoing and I love him for it and want to lift him up! (okay maybe he is very confident in his brainpower but he isn't confident in his social capabilities)
I am not.
He is sure of himself online and confident in his beliefs and also likely neurotypical which I am not. I understand why he deserves love and I do not it is because I am different. Why does humanity produce defective people
He acts way different in person. I know, because I met him. In fact, I had to talk to waiters, clerks, when I was with him because he's too shy, and it didn't bother me.
okay cutie-kun
nor does it make you smart
Why does he get to be loved despite being shy when I do not.
I wasn't that shy. You're overselling it. I talked to the icecream person just fine.
I didn't say browsing /r9k/ + other boards makes me smart. Being high IQ makes me smart.
just because you say you are high iq doesnt exactly make it true
shut up trannytard sankun. iq was debunked decades ago anyways
Well I'm not saying it. I took the test.
Lol no.
I think it is worse if there is a possibility of unconditional love I will just never receive it.
hmm doubt
I'm guessing you didn't like your IQ test result.
wish i was a /pol/tard but muh troons this and muh niggers that is boring and repetitive 
sorry anon
what makes you so special to be loved outside of your utility
Why mention jews then?
Do you not believe in unconditional love?
Women, mtfs, and bottoms all only desire one archetype of person (confident, outgoing, etc). They only love on the basis of utility.
because why not do you know what site this is?
yikes. self own
Please don't question my boyfriend's intelligence. He's a very smart, thoughtful, and diligent person. I say that as someone who knows him better than anyone!
So you think fembrains are incapable of unconditional love, basically.
Yes, I know /pol/tards are common here, but you don't have to hate jews or think they control IQ tests on here.
How? Lol.
proof?
source?
too late i already hate jews i was bullied by a jewish girl in middle school
He's a very smart
No proof yet of that
 thoughtful
(X)
diligent person
prob true.
You use to call me smart
I have never been romantically involved with a non effeminate male so I cannot speak about male brains. But yes you are correct.
Agree, insult my sexuality, but, my intelligence is off the table. I am a certified INTJ!
Get a jewish fwen or a qt jewish gf. You can celebrate hanakah with her.
Why do you post in like half my threads?
We're both INTJs so that makes us an intellectual power couple.
i would an hero before dating let alone dating a jew
I'll power my cock in your ass.
I'm an INTP. Are we similar enough?
Why don't you want a gf anon?
No.
At this point in my life I would probably have sex with anything with two legs, desu, so, sure.
I always feel like most people who lurk imageboards are highly intelligent non normie personality types, though, being honest. I feel like it's very normal for us to end up in one of the INT fields.
I got ignored again, but it has been a little fun even if I was being upset, I am ending things next month, sorry if I bothered either of you.
Truly the Einstein of our generation
You're just making a statement here >>73034448. I disagree with it, but I didn't know if that's the kinda response you wanted.
women are too high maintenance and generally evil
gay men are riddled with stds 
tranners are also high maintenance but in the constant need of verification way 
maybe i need a bi bf but honestly im too retarded and clingy to ever have a lasting relationship so ive just given up
Is this YLYL?
That's based, though, and aren't you saying you're clingy as well? I guess what do you mean by "too clingy"? There are gay/bi virgin men who want a pure relationship and are disgusted by their fellow sluts.
Nice dodging the question to start :3. Same reason why I cut. Loneliness and boredom\ not being mental engaged
im supposed to be the clingy one not my partner 
but i already know being a bratt isnt attractive and is actually incredibly annoying but i cant stop being bratty and sarcastic 24/7 
i can only imagine how long someone would put up with my shit romantically probably less than a week
Are you impersonating me or does he have two people that have cut because of him lol
this was me. Did you have fun at all? I dont see cutting as that big of a deal I was mostly messing with you. I was serious about the sui thing though, kind of pathetic you two are some of the people i have talked to the most in the past months. ha.
So high IQ, so very smart
I'm so sick of these two normies rubbing their relationship in our faces. I think I might just have to do the same if things don't change. I come here to get away and I can't even do that any longer.
What do you mean bratty? You can both be clingy.
That person is someone legitimately different who has a vendetta against me for unrelated reasons.
4chan doesn't have a spellcheck that works very well, sorry lad.
Just filter the trip. Like 95% of this board at least are normalfags, also.
constant snark and attitude 
i suppose yes both of us could be clingy but i want someone whos more dominant in the relationship basically i would take the role of the gf
do you have any friends or anyone you talk to regularly
what does that have to do with anything?
no i dont
I only interact with people that have no friends or anyone close to them since I am the same. I am male but on hrt, I dont consider myself a tranny. Though I do heavily prefer to talk constantly.
does he have two people that have cut because of him lol
Nah I just was mental fuck and use any exusce to cut myself. Still when he goes on and on about his cringy love it makes me want to cut b/c it reminds me of my e-ex's lol.
What do u think they are lol
you are literally me 
im still waiting for my probation to end at work so i can be eligible for health insurance to pay for hrt but i dont identify as trans just a male not wanting to be ugly in my 30s 
cant relate to the talking part though i barely speak and theres a rumor at work that im mute
So you want a top basically who's not a slut. That shouldn't be too hard to find on /lgbt/ or otherwise online if you can cope with LDRs.
I dont mean irl or over voice, I hate my voice, I meant messaging. Are you very alone?
I am including online friends by the way. I do not talk to anyone online regularly either.
you two may now kiss
no thank you
very alone? hmm well i just did some loneliness test thing for another thread on here and got an 86 so yea im thinking im very alone
Nevermind. You are not like me then.
Many people find their true love on 4chan.
i met my love on here and now we have a relationship where I cuddle and love him. It's possible
guess the difference is that im not some desperate faggot lmao
while a partner would be nice its not necessary to my survival
Oh, god dammit. Now you two are going to empower and convince her to post more shitty threads.
I actually have quite specific criteria. I am fairly dependent though. That was pretty mean to say. I am only this focused on it because I have been looking for my ideal person.
psyop post i refuse to believe either of you 
um ok
you can even ask either of these two (assuming they have paid attention) I may be alone partially because I cannot budge on certain criteria
I had my hopes up now I am sad.
We posted this while she was at my house but she's away right now (sadge).
we literally met up, two khhvs from this board who live thousands of miles away. Now our hearts are bound to each other. We are meeting once again on our romantic mexico getaway next month~
fuck you. this is the shit that happens to me anytime I get excited about something.
hopes up for what nigga?
ai generated image
psyop post
What's wrong?
Don't ask for evidence that's impossible to generate.
why do you talk like that. are you black
funny thing is i didnt ask for evidence as i already said i dont believe you 
no i just like saying nigga 
im white passing though but not actually white
I am white. what race are you?
latino 
also you are white lmao
You're a tranny, so therefore you're a retard by default. Granted calling you tranny-kun would be the funnier of the two.
what does that mean? Are you a normalfag what are your standards too
Woah, it could be the same dynamic as me and my bf!
Uh huh...Shut the fuck up. You're both faggots and need to have a suicide pact with each other.
standards? what?
i just dont like people who dont look like me
hmm. In what ways do you need them to look like you
Desperate for any insult. Her hand are cute af.
You both look white, dough.
i would say brown but as i said although im latino i dont look like im latino but i would not want to be grouped with whites 
so i would say other white passing latinos
why do you type in that way it makes me seethe
Ah I dont meet your standards then. That is sad. I dont really care about looks much I care about personality.
second for seethe stop with the "dough" that shit is aggravating
What way?
Lol wtf are these autistic standards.
It's an inside joke with me and my gf but I think it's cute, doe.
I dislike when people use text speak besides lol or idk, also when they speak in slang or in informal ways.
why would you be concerned about meeting my standards?
im half for looks half for personality but i would say im racist but honestly i can barely tolerate any races maybe im not racist maybe i just hate everyone
Because you said we may be similar and I struggle heavily to find anyone remotely similar to me. I am racist to every race for different reasons, I hate everyone deeply, I would cause humanity to go extinct if I had the power. sorry for the edge
That's just the nature of 4chan my duderino.
You know the thing is...He's never going to be considered "passing" by the great populace. You may think that all he needs is some "uwu words on encouragement from his best bf!" that his delusions have some basis in reality, but at the end of the day: In the back of his broken and deluded tranny mind, it's going to slowly eat away at him that he is not; and never will be, a woman and that despite what his own (Mentally ill) boyfriend says, that nearly every other person you two encounter are going to either say, or think the same thing:
"Wow...That guy needs to stop trying to be a chick because it is NOT convincing in the least". And frankly: I think that's hilarious
cant relate im just racist to those i have personally had a bad experience with
so far its
jews
whites
blacks
arabs
latinos 
but i imagine i would eventually end up disliking every race if i had to have an interaction with all of them 
not to the extent you brought up though i would just continue to avoid them
Hey retard-san, how you doin?
I mean yeah realistically I am just daydreaming. Funny enough I dislike asians the most because of exposure to them, probably then whites and various others in differing degrees. I have not meaningfully considered latino people for any reason though, lol.
also dont take the literally me too seriously lmao it was just a post you are looking too deep
Okay then nevermind.
I am going to bring back /love/ gen because this thread almost spawned a lovely couple. We need all robots dating by the end of the year.
She is a cute girl, dough.
I am going to bring back my head into a pool of water so I drown because I am alone forever
you are not some relationship expert anon stop trying to set up strangers on a loner board
cant speak for asians i havent had too many experiences with them
i dont know what to say to this
okay retard-san...
I have faith in you that you will find true love. Do you post in ideal partner threads?
Yes I am.
I mean I am also probably too old for you. I am not very desirable in general even aside from me being very different
broken england learn to form a proper sentence please
captcha: kysha
I have like 2-3 weeks. tick tock. If it makes you happy I will look until then though.
ok whatever you say
retard
also dont know what to say to this as i said i have no interest in relationships from 4chan
goodluck i guess?
You are too much of a normalfag for me anyways then where do you intend on meeting a partner
and you are too much of a retard nigga faggot for me!
i dont intend on meeting a partner ive accepted that its over for me and have decided to peruse my career instead
Both you and your boyfriend are dumb faggots. Absolute monkey brained retards and both of you have done TONS to prove that in this thread alone.
We're both very smart.
DownSyndrome-san...
It's pretty telling that he doesn't try to defend HIMSELF when someone calls out his delusions, but instead relies on you to tell all those mean bullies what's up!
I can tell that he KNOWS he's not a "Cute girl" or even close. He knows, deep down, that he's just a submissive, autistic man who's grasping at some place in the world, but is inevitably failing. You can't protect him from his own mind.
yep!
why does that make you seethe though? what is it to you that some faggot on the internet has given up on love?
projection much?
Smart people know how to spell without the need of spell check.
She's a cute girl, dough, and she's asleep.
It doesn't make me seethe. I just have a love for calling out normalfags when they pretend that they're not.
No. That's a waste of mental energy better spent on e-cuddling with my gf.
Just because you keep repeating it doesn't make it true. Truly it will be a hilarious day when he enters the 44% club.
ok and you are probably over 30
sad!
Lol.
They're the same person.
He is deffending himself right now.
.
I dont think I am a degenerate. I cant blame you for giving up I guess I am ending things in not too long. Sorry if I made you uncomfortable
ok now i am convinced there is an ai making these post 
fuck you ai robot you will never succeed in destroying humanity
Damn, Tranny-kun is that much of a beta huh? My condolences Retard-san, I hope your bussy gets a proper fucking by Chad someday when the initial puppy love stage wears down and you come to your senses.
Yeah, I don't think so. And that's the attempted suicide rate. The actual suicide rate is vastly lower.
I'm 22, lol. Also, yeah you're a normalfag if you have easy options for a partner.
Are you pretending you've never made a spelling mistake? Lol.
Both of my right hands are posted ITT.
She's kidding obviously. I'm a gigachad IRL.
Hell even if that was true, it would still be hilarious when he attempts (Hopefully succeeds).
People always call me either an ai or a serial killer
thing is i dont as i said before my personality is incompatible with any type of relationship 
im 23 never had sex never had a gf/bf never had a first kiss hell ive never even had friends male or female
Fuck you you are almost exactly what I was looking for.
It is true, you can google it. Why are seething so hard, btw?
Except you do since you're bisexual. You can use a dating app at any time and go on tons of dates.
sorry anon but the loner life is the life for me i dont want someone bitching at me 24/7 to go on dates and do relationship stuff im fine with barely leaving the house and spending all my money an myself and nobody else
i have too much self respect to use hookup apps everyone who uses those "dating" apps is a whore riddled with stds
No need to pretend, I haven't made spelling errors since early middle school. Some of us don't need to "use energy" to spell correctly, it just comes naturally. You're 22 years old, you shouldn't be making spelling mistakes anymore. Especially if you claim to be smart or high IQ.
I mean preferably I would interact with my ideal person through messaging a lot. I am not the type of person that would care about leaving the house I dont leave mine when I am in a living situation with a house.
cool story bro but i would also find this annoying as shit desu
no no none for me thanks
normalfag.
You can have your excuses. It's irrelevant to my point.
Lol.
is that your only snarly remark? 
christ get a grip nigger
It is the only one that matters. by my value system anyways.
guess you won then anon! uh what was your point again?
value system
lol
lmao even 
dont know if i should feel relieved or sad i hope things get better for you anon truly
there's no argument in this post
both those anons just BTFO'd you krk
ha.
I'll take your reply as your concession.
real
the difference is it doesnt bother me that i have no friends and am on my own 
you on the other hand...
I dont want friends. I want one person. I also have never had or wanted friends.
but you still want someone in your life
i dont 
thats whats different between you and me
Okay. I dont need to feel superior to others.
You're obviously just joking, dough. There's no way you haven't made a spelling mistake in so long.
yet here you are trying to one-up me in some faggot thread on 4chan.org 
many such cases 
also listen to this cool song i found 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNxT8u4huWU [Embed]
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS THIS A FUCKING RETARD THREAD FOR RETARDS
OH NO I'M POSTING IN IT
I'M POSTING IN THE RETARD THREAD
I'M POSTING IN THE RETARD THREAD
I'M RETARDED NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
turns out tranny-kun was the real retard all along... who knew?
I dont think I was trying to one up you. This song sounded unique but I cant understand the lyrics and I can only interpret music based on the lyrics
you are actually autistic arent you?
i dont care if i cant understand the lyrics if it sounds nice i like the song regardless
I dont know I cannot afford getting tested. Other people told me I definitely wasnt. I have always been this way with music
I have a 4.0 GPA in a top university for my state while barely studying and I was IQ tested by psychologists and have a high IQ.
nta but i think its funny you said iq twice in your post 
whos a smarty pants? you are! yes you are!
university means very little and IQ mainly only matters for school related things. from what I understand anyways.
this. you just keep getting BTFO'd by anons on this matter
So I'm a retard with high IQ and doing amazingly in university. I guess the intellectually disabled are doing quite well these days.
Yeah, nah. See ya.
You know there are more options for intelligence than retard or super genius :p 
If you were so sure you wouldnt need to rub it in peoples faces though, I think.
Well you are calling Retard-san smart
Well you said I was a retard. I'm like 10 minutes from sleeping so I thought it'd be funny to post that. I'm obviously the smartest poster ITT without having to show it.
I am the anon that cuts themselves I dont know if I said it in a serious way or at all. I dislike when people say things like that though I knew someone that abused me that constantly would act that way.
you must be joking
with all the mistakes you've made ITT you've just proven otherwise
