You ever noticed how carnivorous plants all look like vaginas? That a little hint God dropped for us.
i think you're right
go try it and tell us how it goes! good luck anon
they look nothing like vaginas
You are blind. You have no artistic sense at all. Life itself is lost on a subhuman mind likes yours.
sundews are carnivorous plants that don't resemble the filthy vagina monkeys
Think about it. A vagina is just a pot with stalk and a lid.
Well, I suppose those pitcher plants will appreciate your seed. You'd have a better argument with orchids resembling vaginas though, many were even taxonomically named after that resemblance if my memory is serving me right. Carnivorous plants do want the nitrogen, phosphorous and maybe even the salts in your seed, so go feed 'em.
It amazes me how alien these plants look.
I'm gonna fuck the forbidden plant
What does that red goo taste like bros?
it tastes like rain water
looks like an anus scrote
Did you turn into a woman now, Stormy or are you just impersonating him?
but it's an analscrote plant - tranny plant
ive said scrote and moid, lots!
Have you? I don't remember that, but to be fair I haven't talked to you that much. I think I just vaguely remember you being a cute twink, that's about it.
ah. yes i have a fanclub
Scrotanal
I bought a venus fly trap I can't wait to move it to my backyard after mother's day (I'm in zone 6a so that's when there is no danger of frost anymore). Venus fly traps do better outside in full sun did you know that? Also the best way to water them is to keep the pot in a dish full of water and just refill the dish when it gets empty, they like water from the bottom. Also they don't need to be directly fed insects they photosynthesize just like other plants. But you don't need to fertilize their soil, they catch insects for that. They are a cool plant. Mine is doing well it's still little and I will change it to a new pot in a couple months
Oh, you should know that if the soil they're in is too nutritious(nitrogen, phosphorous, etc.) that they won't form their flytraps. Also I think I remember they like acidic soil, you could likely acidify the water if you have hard water(like we do in Florida) with vinegar.
That's a good tip about the soil and water I'll be sure to use a mix that isn't too nutrient dense. Also I didn't know that about the water I only heard about using distilled water. Thanks
No problem-o and distilled water/rain water are both great ideas too. It won't have any akali/akaline minerals in it really(and rain water is often slightly acidic). Well wishes, plant fren. I'm /an/'s horticulturalist general thread could also give you more stuff to look into. Have some tiny, green flowers from an air plant.
ITT: Ecolovers getting mad
