No woman has ever had to research "self help" type shit in order to not be alone. Or go to the gym or get surgery so she could finally get a bf.
They only do that stuff because they only consider Chads to be acceptable partners. They're only """""alone""""" because they're too shallow for men on their level.
No woman is going to the gym thinking "If I just work out enough, one day someone will love me".
No woman is watching dozens of hours of youtube videos or signing up for payed programs, just so they can get a date.
All a woman has to do is say "yes" to one of the dozens of men who ask her out. That's it.
Morbidly obese 600lb women have it easier finding a partner than literal bodybuilder men.
It's just not fair.
They absolutely have to put effort into finding a (decent) boyfriend. Getting laid takes 0 effort to be sure, that's a given, but guys will tell them absolutely anything for a chance to get in their pants. Imagine how exhausting it must be sifting through so many disingenuous morons to find someone genuine. You take for granted that they can "find someone on their level" at the drop of a hat when the grim reality is that most men are lying sacks of shit that tell women what they think they want to hear to get laid. Worse that goes doubly so for someone on the same level since they're typically more desperate, something to prove.
What's that post about being hungry but not wanting to eat a hotdog you find on the ground or something?
Women never have to get a hobby to have a boyfriend.
It's very true that they have to sift through the shitty men, but
1. even the worst woman has men to sift through in the first place, she's not alone.
2. finding a decent man isn't difficult. There are plenty of men who are good people out there.
The problem is that women want the combination of a chad AND a good man.
And, often times, men being good is an active turn off for them. No man has complained that a woman is "too nice" or "too soft", for example.
Also, it's really REALLY not difficult to vet whether a man really cares about you or if he just wants to have sex. It's really not.
Maybe women should stop trying to do the cuckoo strategy of getting pregnant by chads and then getting betas to raise the kids.
Women will complain night and day about men being "shitty", and then go and date and have sex with precisely those men, while ignoring the men who are genuinely good.
Women are 100% free to date good men, they just refuse to.
If she is a rat, she should be happy with the hot dog on the ground
So sick of this tired argument. Men complain about not having any food to eat and women complain that the brand of cereal in the pantry isn't their favorite. These things are not remotely equivalent. 
Women then try to move the goalposts and act as if they only have easy access to casual sex, but the truth is they also have easy access to serious relationships too. A 4/10 woman can easily get a committed 4/10 bf, yet she can also easily get casual sex with a 6/10 guy. Woman choose the latter time and time again, then act as if women in general only have easy access to casual sex, and go so far as comparing their male equivalent to a fucking hotdog on the ground. Then people wonder why 4/10 guys can't get a date, let alone a committed partner. Fuck the gynocentric modern age.
The issue is that it's not a hot dog. Women are just so fucking shallow that they believe anything that's not caviar is a floor hot dog.
NOT TO MENTION, the women who themselves are "hot dogs", don't want men who are also hot dogs. Hot dog women want restaurant dishes.
This is also very very true. No woman has ever looked for a hobby in hopes that it'll lead to her getting a boyfriend.
Women don't have to do anything or be interesting to get a boyfriend.
AND, they expect men to have interesting hobbies. See there's this fucking pattern of women expecting men to be better than the woman is.
She can be chubby but the man has to be fit.
She can be poor but he has to have a good job.
She can be boring but he better be exciting.
Pure Hypergamy.
Absolutely true. Not to mention how 4/10 women are completely free to date 3/10 men and below, but they refuse to.
Hypergamy has gotten so bad, that you probably didn't even consider this option when writing your post.
Women would rather get pumped and dumped from 18 to 30, hoping one chad accepts them, instead of just choosing a man of good character and sticking with him.
Guys, remember. If you work out at the gym really hard every day, you might one day get the privilege of an obese woman who refuses to put down the fork.
What you are saying is not the "truth" but what the feminists are preaching these days. Don't mind that, do what you need to do to get to a good life, but don't forget that you don't owe them anything. And value the ones who value you, and build for you.
That's a nice sentiment, but I still have never in my life seen a woman who can't get a bf.
Meanwhile there are dozens of forums filled with hundreds if not thousands of men who can't get the time of day from women.
What makes it worse is that any time I go to female forums to try to see what things are like on the other side, it's all just them complaining that none of the offers they get are from chad, and humble bragging about getting attention from "losers".
Can you guys imagine a robot from r9k complaining that "only average girls ask me out"? It's fucking ridiculous.
ok retard
Funny, when women are disadvantaged, the whole world stops and focuses on shit like "beauty standards".
But when men are screwed over, they just get told to "deal with it retard".
As much as I'm technically arguing the woman's side of this debate, I can't help but feel that you're grievously underestimating just how fucking retarded (most) women are when it comes to this stuff. 
It should be easy to vet, you're right, but you're thinking logically and women are God awful at that. I've been friends with a few girls over the course of my life and we've talked about this kind of thing. I'm fairly confident they've never once correctly identified a guys motives, they are literally wrong every time without fail. Part of it seems to be a self esteem thing, being an asshole makes them think a guy is genuine because clearly anyone being nice is being dishonest. Which, in fairness, is actually true a good chunk of the time. You would not believe how often I've heard that a guy is a breath of fresh air or genuine/real just because he's an unrepentant cunt. Then they get pumped and dumped and are shocked by it.
I do that actually, but I'm autistic and retarded so idk if it counts.
I did that too, I even paid for therapy when I couldn't cope with loneliness, and she kept suggesting I should stop being this and that, basically change my core personality to get a bf.
Men are the expendable sex, it's just how it is. A species with such a massive reproductive bottleneck like 9 months of pregnancy and naturally high infant mortality(pre-modern medicine at least) means that instincts develop to properly take care of that bottleneck. The people groups who didn't develop those instincts quickly went extinct and were replaced by those who did.
So I'm supposed to what? Pity them? For their own fucking retardation? What point are you trying to make?
I know, to be fair it's only shitty boring women who like me so I get how it feels scraping the bottom of the barrel
A woman can easily get a boyfriend without putting in much work. Keeping a boyfriend without putting in much work is a very different story, however.
I agree with you that women are horrible judges of character, and that their "personality detector" is completely broken.
However, that's their own fucking fault. It's not external factors that are making life difficult for women, it's the women themselves.
I've noticed that in 99% of times, women's problems come from their own fucking stupidity. They're all internal.
Meanwhile, men's problems are almost always external, ie someone else screwing men over.
It is extremely difficult to be sympathetic for women, when they just need to do the SLIGHTEST thing to be massively successful, yet they refuse to.
Women repeatedly sabotaging themselves is NOT ANYWHERE NEAR the same thing as men not getting the tiniest crumbs.
Not to mention, if they're so shit at picking guys, then maybe their father should be the one vetting the suitors, like old times.
Lol
Women do next to nothing in relationships because they know men are too scared to leave and have to start dating again.
and this is where we say everyone on this board is a volcel with higher standards than they deserve. If you think you're a 4 but a 4 won't date you, you are no longer a 4. get fucked nerds the bar has moved higher for men.
Female therapists are retarded 99% of the time.
All women have to do to stop being single is say "yes" when they're asked out. That's it. All this shit about therapy or reading magazines is all self sabotaging bullshit that women gravitate to.
Not sure if you're a tranny or an actual woman, but if you want a bf, just 1. ask out a man IRL, 2. make a thread with your contact and go from there, 3. create online dating account, 4. ask your friends (male and female) to introduce you to someone.
It's that easy. So many options.
Men put in work to get and keep a girlfriend. So you're just taking longer to say women have it easier.
Oh so you're gonna bring up biology then?
Then I guess all that shit about equal rights for women should be thrown out the window too, right? Since it's just biology.
Listen, if you're gonna hit men with the "life's just not fair", then I guarantee you women would get hit WAY harder by the same thing.
If you have a society that tries to make things fair for everyone, you can't just focus on women's problems.
Tranny/woman immediately tries to make itself the victim.
It's like you guys are pathetic leeches constantly trying to suck dopamine out of everything.
Women not only put in ZERO effort in relationships, but it actually takes MORE effort to keep a woman than to just be single. Women literally put in negative effort.
Also, name a woman on the planet who has 0 men interested in her.
This is so fucking stupid and such a reddit fucking mentality. Let me guess, you hate capitalism too?Fucking retard.
If women started saying that they only accept 10/10 men, that doesn't fucking mean those women are 10s themselves.
You can go into a job and demand a million dollars per hour, but demanding something doesn't mean you're on that level.
People are so fucking retarded, holy shit.
I fucking hate this country
Fucking exactly. The world will move mountains for women, but as soon as it has to do something for men's benefit, suddenly they absolutely refuse to.
And anything they do that benefits men is only as a side effect to something they've done for women's sake.
It's even worse than that. Those obese women STILL think they're better than you.
Those obese women who need to charge up 3 times before getting out of bed STILL are only interested in fit athletic men.
They literally do not see men who are sub 8/10 as human beings.
My point is that if you were to ask a literal sub-70 IQ retard to do rocket science, and then got upset at them for failing I wouldn't find myself particularly impressed with you. Sometimes it's better to just accept the limitations of others and work around them. Getting upset because a retard is retarded is a monumental waste of energy, your mistake is expecting anything in the first place.
I left my girlfriend because she neglected to work on herself. Stay incel, fucking weak fags.
I wish it was that easy. I was never asked out (or at least I didn't notice I was). Now to address your points, I'm a female, but I only have one friend (she's a girl too). From what I understood, you can't just plainly ask out a random guy on the street, you need to establish some sort of connection before you make that step. The only time I had that kind of connection with a guy, I asked him out, and he turned out to be gay. Posting on here to get a bf doesn't seem too smart, I've tried that, but I don't think online relationships are "real". In the end I didn't even get to "e-dating" part because I was too boring and they ended up ghosting me. Dating apps are for hookups. I've never even held hands with a guy. I couldn't possibly have sex right away. Just not doable. And as I've mentioned, my only friend is a girl, and she is a bit of a recluse like me. She doesn't have male friends to introduce me to.
IN FACT, the world is so eager to help women, that it'll work hard to fix problems that DON'T EVEN EXIST.
Shit like pay gap, pink tax, manspreading, body positivity, beauty standards.
They'll literally MAKE SHIT UP just to have something to do for women.
Meanwhile, men who complain about being single are called violent abusive rapists and school shooters.
They'll literally have sympathetic news articles about "involuntarily celibate" women, but for single men they'll fearmonger about how dangerous they are (Even despite most rape\abuse comes from men THE WOMEN PICK, not single virgin men)
Gee, maybe there's a teeny tiny difference in the way the world treats men and women, huh?
They'd just go for someone else or cheat in an act of rebellion anyways.
Yeah they kinda fucking did that back in the day, with shit like women not leaving the house without a man present. But they didn't like that very much.
you can't just plainly ask out a random guy on the street
You can. Do it, and your problem will be fixed.
You not doing it is your own mental retardation holding you back.
I don't think online relationships are "real"
Woman thinking online relationships aren't good enough for her, meanwhile hundreds of men here would shit their pants if they managed at least that.
I couldn't possibly have sex right away
Nobody is telling you to. Don't confuse hookups with relationships.
Shit like tinder definitely is, but there are millions of men looking for actual relationships in places like okcupid.
Make an account, scan for the men in your area, start a conversation with one who seems to be a good person, regardless of looks, and your problems will be solved.
Shit, you can even post your country/state here and there's a good chance there are some guys from there. But I'm guessing that's too close of a solution for you.
You can also ask your dad to help you find a guy to date. His friends probably have sons, or their sons have friends who are single. You'll find something there. Don't ask your mom though, that won't end well. Just tell your dad to find you a decent man.
It really IS that easy. It's your own mental retardation that's the problem.
Then maybe some more strict rules need to be put in place, if women are just so fucking retarded that they'll sabotage everything that badly.
Facts
Doubt
What? Anon Jesus Christ its like pulling teeth what is your fucking point how do we "work around" 50% of the population being incapable of interacting with other people?
I am a good looking goy(TM), hardly a hot dog on the ground lmao. You are retarded for believing that any man who isn't absolute top tier 1% is equivalent to a hot dog on the ground. Hypergamy is 100% and will absolutely cuck just about every man who isn't Leonardo DiCaprio tier.
You can. Do it, and your problem will be fixed.
I don't have the courage to randomly ask out a stranger, it is a weird thing to do, and I am honestly afraid of consequences, like getting reported. Nobody expects men to ask out random girls nowadays, I don't see why I'd need to do something that unpleasant.
Woman thinking online relationships aren't good enough for her, meanwhile hundreds of men here would shit their pants if they managed at least that
I think you missed the part where I've mentioned I did try it and ended up ghosted before anything happened.
there are millions of men looking for actual relationships in places like okcupid.
Only Tinder is widely used in my country. We don't have OkCupid. 
Like I've said, I already did it (posting myself on here or even on /soc/), and it didn't turn out well. As for my dad, of course I told him I struggle with loneliness, but he is a lot like me. His only friend is my mom. He told me he wishes he had someone nice he could introduce me to, but he doesn't know anyone. I talked to my mom as well, and she basically told me I'm too retarded/autistic for a guy, and that she doesn't want to be embarrassed by me in front of someone she knows.
It is. And it's a legitimate problem, changing your personality is basically impossible, I can't get rid of my autism at will.
It's understandable to feel frustrated or resentful if you perceive that it's easier for women to find romantic partners than it is for men. However, it's important to recognize that this is a generalization and not necessarily true for every individual. Additionally, finding a romantic partner often requires effort and can be a complex process regardless of gender.
It's also important to recognize that everyone has their own unique experiences and challenges when it comes to dating and relationships. Comparing yourself to others, especially based on gender stereotypes, can be harmful and unproductive. Instead of focusing on what others may or may not have to do to find a partner, try to focus on your own journey and what you can do to improve your chances of finding a fulfilling relationship.
Building meaningful connections with others often requires effort, patience, and vulnerability. It can be helpful to focus on developing positive qualities in yourself, such as kindness, empathy, and communication skills, that can make you more attractive to potential partners. Additionally, try to engage in activities that interest you and meet new people in a variety of social settings. With time and effort, you may be able to find a fulfilling relationship that is right for you.
I'm so mad these chat AIs are all so kiked out of their minds.
I don't have the courage to randomly ask out a stranger
See, that's your own mental retardation. There's like a 90% chance of success, and yet you hold yourself back. Men still do it with a 1% chance of success, so you have no excuse.
Of course you have OKCupid. It's a website, not a localized service. If you have internet access, you can use OKCupid. Do you want me to make a profile for you or something? Come on.
The real issue seems to be that you're not mentally prepared to get a boyfriend. My guess is that you aren't super good looking, so you think you shouldn't have a boyfriend, or that no guy would ever accept you, or some womanly rationalization like that.
Typically when women have an easy solution to their issues and don't take it, there's something happening behind the scenes.
I've also noticed you neglected to mention your country. Are you afraid that there might actually be someone here from there?
you perceive that it's easier for women
I don't perceive it. It factually is.
this is a generalization and not necessarily true for every individual
Name one woman on the planet who has 0 men who'd date her.
finding a romantic partner often requires effort
All women have to do is pick one man who is a decent person. That's it. That's not "effort". That's like going to a buffet restaurant and putting in the "effort" of picking which food you want to eat.
And it's a fucking night and day difference to the ACTUAL effort men have to put in.
Instead of focusing on what others may or may not have to do to find a partner, try to focus on your own journey
This is some shit that the king and nobles would say to the peasants and slaves. You're basically saying to keep getting fucked in the ass, but just think positively and don't worry about it.
Also, tell women to "focus on themselves" instead of claiming to be huge victims in society. Crazy how women never take the advice that's given to men.
 can be helpful to focus on developing positive qualities in yourself, such as kindness, empathy, and communication skills, that can make you more attractive to potential partners
That's my point, women don't have to do this. This shit is only ever directed at men.
Guys guys, just take up 5 hobbies per week, that's surely the way to getting a gf, right? Right? You sound like a fucking reddit bot.
Again, no woman has ever had to take up hobbies to find a partner.
Yeah, that guy's totally an AI, right? I had the same feeling.
Its even easier for them to get bfs than friends. Ive been lurking in crystal cafe cause of curiosity. Theres a thread that revealed that most of them had bfs but zero friends. How fucking lonely is that
See, that's your own mental retardation. There's like a 90% chance of success, and yet you hold yourself back. Men still do it with a 1% chance of success, so you have no excuse.
Again, asking out a stranger is not the norm, even for men. You are supposed to ask out someone when you guys already have an established connection. Plus I'm generally creepy and unsettling, I am afraid of the consequences.
Of course you have OKCupid. It's a website, not a localized service
Sorry, I should have specified that OkCupid is not used in my country. There's only Tinder and Badoo, both are for hookups. I've actually tried both, and no luck.
My guess is that you aren't super good looking, so you think you shouldn't have a boyfriend
I look alright, I self-improved and looksmaxxed a lot (makeup gym all that). I would love to have a boyfriend or a husband. But it hasn't been easy.
I did plenty of things to find a bf, certainly more than average robot did to get a gf. I signed up for dating apps, tried to meet someone long-distance, went to therapy, gym, improved my diet and looks, started reading books on how to be more pleasant in general. I asked out someone I know, I try my best to not come off as mean or distant irl. And yet, still no bf.
I'm from EU.
I suspect that in those cases, those women are highly hostile and have pushed away any woman who could be their friend. And, they're hooking up with a guy and calling it a relationship, when it really isn't.
Move to Australia and I will date you. Problem solved.
Plus I'm generally creepy and unsettling, I am afraid of the consequences.
Sounds to me like you're afraid of the guy actually saying yes and you not knowing where to go from there.
I'm telling you, just say some shit like "Hey you got a sec? Wanna grab some food with me?" Or "I'm gonna get some food, wanna come with me and hang out?" It's that simple.
You've been tricked by modern social retardation into thinking there's this elaborate protocol to getting with someone.
In reality, the way people get together is they just get into contact in some way, start talking, and it goes from there.
I'm telling you what other people are too nice (ie too pussy) to say to your face. I'm telling you the truth.
OkCupid is not used in my country.
Are you telling me that if you made an account and scanned for people in your area, you'd get zero results?
And yet, still no bf.
I guarantee you there's a critical step you're not seeing. I'm not bullshitting you, I'm telling you it's extremely easy to get a bf.
I'm from western Europe, so there are definitely people here from roughly your area.
Wanna get in contact? We can talk, and as I get a more specific understanding of your situation, I'll give you the detailed reasons why you're screwing up.
Absolutetly Whenever you hear these "However's..." in the second sentence followed by inoffensive centrism you can be damn sure it's GPT.
There's no use arguing with foids and their braindead simps. All we can do now is strip women of their rights and make them breeding cattle once more.
Fuck, now that you mention it, it does sound like GPT. The formating is an exact match.
Women will get mad at this sentence, but they'll be the first ones to remove accountability from their wrongdoings, and the first ones to want to work their asses of in a deadend job.
Women will do the most stupid retarded heinous shit, as long as you call it something else.
I'm telling you, just say some shit like "Hey you got a sec? Wanna grab some food with me?" Or "I'm gonna get some food, wanna come with me and hang out?" It's that simple.
I'm sorry, but I actually talked about this specific situation with not only my therapist, but several other people I trust. And they all told me approaching a stranger is not the norm, you don't just come up to someone and ask them on a date. Especially in my situation, my autism makes me unpleasant to be around, I know for a fact I'll stutter or sound completely flat. I've often been called creepy or weird. Why should I put myself in a position that could lead to bad consequences or bullying?
I don't think you'll find someone interested in me who is looking for a serious relationship. I only got sexual messages, they were so blatant even I could recognise men's intentions.
Feel free to send me your discord here if you'd like:sweetsmelling@proton.me
I would be grateful for any kind advice.
you think guys go to the gym thinking that? they don't, in case you are thinking that.
we want to give the girl we deserve the person she deserves. you'll keep slipping down this learning curve each resentment.
Uhh I actually do that 
And I have Aspergers
I have turned down like 2-3 conventionally attractive girls just because they aren't my type (I like taller fit tomboys and I'm willing to die alone if I don't find a girl like that)
what kind of girl uses protonmail? sounds like a fed operation if i'm being honest
my autism makes me unpleasant to be around, I know for a fact I'll stutter or sound completely flat
Again, it sounds like your own mentality is holding you back.
I'll take you up on that. We'll either get to the bottom of the issue, or learn some useful info about male-female dating dynamics.
Yes, they do. I'm not saying all do, but there's a good portion of them that do.
She "deserves"?
What the FUCK did she actually do to "deserve" guy who works out? No really, tell me.
Is she working out too? Or are you implying that a woman simply existing or not being fat automatically deserves a fit guy?
Probably someone from sweden. Halla, retard.
I'm not even from the US. So I'd be an Interpol agent anon haha.
Then you're not actually a robot. I'm talking about guys who really don't get any female attention.
That is such a tired point already. Dating apps are only for hookups BECAUSE WOMEN USE THEM AS SUCH, if you wanted to find a boyfriend all you had to do is NOT SWIPE on the most attractive profiles you get while ignoring everybody else like every other woman. 50% of all male profiles get literally 0 matches, if you think they're all going there for hookups you're retarded, as any guy interested in hookups would have realised a long time ago that going there is fucking pointless unless youre chad and would just get an escort
they do research how to put on makeup which their version of selfhelp. proof on youtube. 
I didnt read the rest of your idiotic posr
I basically swiped right on everyone with a text in their profile that didn't indicate they were looking for a hook up.
Girls that struggle probably should or at least work on it. Sounds like you have more severe autism. Guys might be annoyed. Also you need to go outside to meet guys. You could try online stuff, but you still have to go out or i guess invite them over. A girl who doesn't shower is going to be unattractive. Looks could be an issue. Guys also might be willing to have sex with a girl, but not date her. I honestly feel bad for girls who struggle to find a bf.
Thanks anon, that's nice of you. I have pretty severe autism, you are right about that. It's not something you can fix though, it's not curable.
You doubt that guy? Women can be annoying as fuck and there's so many other factors. That's why it's actually kinda bad to be a 10/10 girl. 7/10 wife > 10/10.
and what happened later? i dont believe that you didnt get any matches, ive done the exact same thing you did but my profile was that of a morbidly obese deformed woman and even she managed to get hundreds of guys interested in her
Fucking exactly. I've said this for years and it still holds true. Any time a woman is single, it's because she's only accepting chads.
The fact that they think it's only for hookups means they're only looking at the men who are there to hook up, which are mainly chads.
That's fucking stupid because makeup is just fake shit. It's like saying a man learning how to photoshop his pictures is him putting in effort. Fuck you.
ehhh i don't agree with that. i think a lot of incels problems are themselves.
Makeup is not self-help you drooling retard
Don't feel sorry for them. They have it a thousand times easier than men do.
yeah i mean its so retarded when women say that dating apps are for hookups lol, there are literal women with muscle dystrophies that look like a starved 12 year old boys from auschwitz and they STILL have 0 trouble finding partners from dating apps
Notice how you were immediately accepting when he mentioned something that can't be cured. It's like you're looking for any excuse. Like "Wellp, it's autism, can't do anything abotu that, that's why I'm single."
I'm not fat and not ugly, so i don't have to date fat girls.
99% of women are annoying as fuck, the only reason men tolerate their insufferable attitudes is because they're the only way to get a gf.
I did get a lot of matches, but their texts were full of sexual innuendos. I told them straight up I'm only looking for a serious bf and ideally a husband (also included that in my profile), but they seemed to expect me to have sex with them on the first date. I got pretty close to one guy, but he asked me to wear black panties for him for the first date. So I told him I'm not interested anymore, he called me weird, rigid, etc.
Yeah, I have a hard time believing she got literally zero matches. I did an OKCupid test about 5 years ago and got 80+ messages and 100+ likes in a few days, with pictures of a below average woman.
What are the chances that she's conveniently "not counting" all the non-chad men.
I do. It you don't you're either coping or a fake incel.
Alright, like what?
From my perspective, the issue with incels is that women are way too shallow and demanding to date men on their own level, and always want a man better than themselves.
ie, if the women on the level of looks of incels dated those incels, the problem would be solved. The issue is that those below average women STILL want way above average men.
The funny thing is that fat women think they're on the same level of not-fat men.
Don't immediately ask them out like a pick up artists lol. Just talk to them first. Just approach a guy who is alone and doesn't look overly busy. A girl initiating takes the edge off for the guy.
That's really unfair, I really did put a lot of effort into finding a bf. I know if I didn't have autism I wouldn't have to do nearly as much. 
No, I did get matches, but they were only interested in sexual stuff. Like I've mentioned, I can't possibly have sex on the first date when I haven't even held hands with a guy yet.
The majority of this board feels that way and they aren't women. Lol. That comment is so out of touch with reality. You guys need to reflect on your emotions and feelings. That's not a gender specific feeling at all.
Okay this part might be blamed on your autism, or maybe lack of experience, but this type of line is EXACTLY what women say when they're looking for hookups. You know, the "not here for hookups" or "only here for making friends" type of phrases. They'll say "no hookups" but then have their ass or tits on full display.
They say that shit in order to lie to themselves and pretend to be innocent, when in reality they're there for hookups.
Once again, women's lies and passive indirectness harm another person.
Did you ever have to shave you legs, arms, and armpits? Did you ever have to spend time on makeup? Did you ever have to do the slightest amount of skincare? Working out? Diets? I am even tempted to ask you if you practice the slightest form of hygiene but I am going to be charitable towards you, there are so many fucking things women have to put up with that are completely foreign to males, we just take for granted that women have to be pretty and not think of how much time and effort it takes to actually be pretty, both men and women have their own different struggles.
Why don't you look for fellow autists? They probably have support groups where you could meet autistic guys.
I am literally seething with anger at this stupid fucking foid. Lives on tutorial mode and pretends to suffer like men, then refuses to accept the kid glove presented solutions being spoonfed into her retarded fucking mouth (advice on how to put in the sliver of effort required to get s bf as a woman in 2023). The fact that you already have 2-4 orbiter trying to help you instead of just ignoring your fucking post is just further proof how easy it is for you. Actually fucking kill by yourself. Larping cunt.
The issue isn't the feeling, it's the way the person acts.
Men can feel that way, but it's because they genuinely DON'T have anyone who'd accept them.
Women, on the other hand, (subconsciously) want an excuse to reject non-chad men, so they start feeling like that.
The fact that a woman can get asked out directly and say "nooo nobody would want me :(((((((" is proof of this.
Eat healthy and shave the rest men don't care. Men don't like makeup and women don't need workout if they have a healthy weight they look good without working out. Stop trying to compare yourself to the struggle of men because you cant.
lol y u mad tho
Did you ever have to shave you legs, arms, and armpits?
Yes. It didn't help.
Did you ever have to spend time on makeup?
Yes. Just some light concealer though.
Did you ever have to do the slightest amount of skincare?
Yes. I moisturise and exfoliate.
Working out?
Yes.
No fad diets or anything like that, I just ensure the food I eat is healthy and limit junk.
How would you rate yourself lookswise?
shave
I shave my face every day, and groom my hair, eyebrows, etc. And keep my pubes trimmed.
Did you ever have to spend time on makeup?
No, and I don't recommend women wear makeup.
Women like to do a shit ton of pointless crap and demand compensation for it. I hate makeup.
Women really like to do this, they'll put in effort into something that doesn't help, and then get mad that their issue wasn't solved.
skincare
Moisturizer, aftershave, special cream, yes.
Working out? Diets?
I work out regularly and watch what I eat. I am reasonable athletic.
practice the slightest form of hygiene
Yeah I wipe my cum soaked cock in your mom's ass. Shut the fuck up.
so many fucking things women have to put up with
You're so fucking retarded EVERYTHING you said are things that apply to men too.
At least if you fucking said something about filtering out the men who only want sex, I'd at least be on board there.
But personal fitness, hygiene and self care? You're fucking stupid.
women have to be pretty
They don't. Ugly and obese women get tons of dates. They don't even have to be nice people. Insufferable hostile women get dates too.
No no no no. You faggots always try to make it seem like women have it just as bad as men. No. Absolutely fucking not, fuck you.
A woman can be a fucking 3 and get tons and tons of attention. A man can be a 5 and be at serious risk for being a 25/30yo virgin.
You fucking faggots, I hate you so much. Always trying to downplay men's problems and make women the victims.
part of the reason why men dont do these things is because women dont give a shit about it, or will call you gay for it. Are you seriously suggesting that ugly men should just put on make up xd? theyre going to get mocked for being faggots for it
I try to do that sometimes (I don't ask out men I just talk to them), but I really can't hold a decent conversation and often seem "weird", it never works out because or my low emotional intelligence.
What? That doesn't make any sense. I only had normal pictures on my profile. If that's true then that sucks.
I haven't thought about that. Maybe something like that exists, I'll look it up, thank you anon.
I'm sorry, I know I'm retarded but I did try to find a bf and did a lot for it. I think maybe you shouldn't be so quick to judge, I'm not claiming I have it as hard as men do. I always have the option to just sleep with someone, even if I can't have a bf and all that, but a lot of guys can't even do that, so that has to be absolutely crushing for them.
Anyone who feels that way to a severe degree is going to be annoying. Girls will have any easier time being accepted because pussy, but it's going to cause problems.
A lot of these dudes are capable of being accepted.
Fucking 100% spot on, except for the part about telling her to kill herself.
I too am fucking bubbling with fury at those posts.
It's like looking at a billionaire at a homeless soup kitchen and complaining that they're hungry. They have all the means to fix their situation, but fucking refuse to.
Are you Scandinavian or German by chance?
Completely delusional. It's just false. Stop lying. You can get a bf, you just refuse to date non-chasds, then lie on the internet about how lonely you are.
It doesn't, but that's how women on dating sites work. Imagine actually trying to date those women.
"Don't ask for sex" "Serious relationships only" "Tired of games", etc. Shit like that is just a signal for casual sex.
I'll send you my discord a bit later, I might help you write a decent profile, without any "codewords".
My point is that it's retarded for women to have a "nobody wants me :(((" mentality when CLEARLY plenty of people want them.
It's like if you got job offers in the mail but just sat home going "Nobody wants to employ me :(((( I'm such a bad employee :(((("
I literally never rejected anyone. I was never asked out on a date. I never had a guy who was romantically interested in me. Most guys in the /incel general/ thread have had girls interested in them.
Here's one great example. "Only looking for friends" "Serious inquiries only", etc.
Oh yeah you're right, men do makeup all the time, whenever I touch grass I see so many men with mascara, as if shaving your beard can be compared at all to having to shave literally the entirety of your body, I'm surprised about the rest tho Anon, congrats, you aren't a total sack of shit, however let's not pretend like most men don't use the same bar of soap they used to clean their ass to wash their hands with. 
Guess what, I get out of my room on a daily basis, and I see ugly men walking around with their partner, I see fat men, balding men and so on walking around with their kids and wife, convicted felons have wives waiting for them, so why can't you? And don't you come crying at me with every cope imaginable, I want to know what the fuck you are doing wrong that makes it so you can't get a gf when it's so fucking easy to do so.
It's worth pointing out that ever since a few years ago, a ton of normies have been infiltrating these groups\forums complaining about being "incel", while in reality they're just a shallow normie.
Are you ugly? Do you live in a culturally autistic country?
Oh wow that's insane. Now that I think about it, I actually had one pic in my profile that could make men think I wasn't serious. I wasn't wearing leggins but it was still like a mirror pic in a gym. Is that too suggestive? What kind of body pictures are OK? I don't really go out anywhere besides work, gym and sometimes to the park/forest alone, so I don't have many opportunities to take full body shots.
If you are retarded enough to interpret what I said as a suggestion that men should wear makeup, I don't know what to tell you, you are clinically brain dead, what I am saying is although it's true that men are especially fucked when it comes to dating, it doesn't automatically mean women have to put no effort into their appearance.
It's a reddit poster, just ignore him. Don't reply to him or give him attention.
Any time someone starts not making sense and acting like they're starting a fight, just walk away. It's not worth it.
How bad is your autism/retardation?
As I've said, it is severe, I've been diagnosed as a toddler.
I'm alright looking. What do you mean by "culturally autistic"? Germany?
If I ignored anyone who didn't make sense, I assure you I would be able to speak with maybe half of this board, and I am being pretty generous with that estimation, gotta gauge the level or retardation, if it isn't literally irrational tier i am willing to put in an effort.
It definitely is. You're looking for a serious boyfriend but you're showing your "gym body".
What you really need are mature, sincere, and modest pictures. Wear appropriate clothing, don't be fake, and convey yourself in a mature manner. You're trying to be a wife, not fish for attention from coomers.
I've sent you an email with my Discord contact. Hopefully the temporary address doesn't cause issues.
then they aren't incels, just ignore them like I do. Who cares about these redditors
Your looks might not be an issue, but your perception of yourself may be (one way or the other). What do you rate yourself out of 10? 5 being average.
A toddler, what does that mean? You obviously do adult things right?
People don't talk a lot, not to strangers, shy, reserved. Germany, but especially Scandinavia fits this.
Isn't it funny that when it's women who are lonely, suddenly the entirety of society is sympathetic and on their side? But when it's men, they're relegated to corners of the internet and their issue is used as an insult.
Can you imagine the uproar if people started calling women "christmas cake" whenever there was a disagreement, the way they call men "incel"?
Guys, this woman doesn't like the crude messages, but she also doesn't get turned on when the men are kind to her. Woooow, she sure is a huge victim.
Guys, she's going for the top tier men, but to her those are just average. Women truly have it hard.
I didn't get anything on my e-mail, not sure why (sweetsmelling@proton.me), but just add me on discord (gritter#3436). And thanks for the advice, I'll think about what pics to take.
I was diagnosed when I was 3 (toddler is a baby around 2-3). I have a job and live by myself, but my emotional iq indicates mental retardation literally, kek.
Do you look retarded?
Isn't it purely men's fault for having sex with chubby, poor and boring women, and not practicing any restraint? 
Why do you make women out to be the bad guys here when they're just taking advantage of a situation created by other men?
Nobody is making women out to be bad people, we are simply stating the truth and you just perceive it as us making you out to be evil, for whatever the reason
ChatGPT shit. Fuck off
Isn't it purely men's fault for having sex with chubby, poor and boring women, and not practicing any restraint?
Not purely, no. But men are definitely at fault for having painfully low standards. Though you could argue that they're only so desperate because women are so shallow.
That said, nothing that men do takes away from women's fuckups, so don't try to excuse women's bullshit.
It's not created by men. Women are free to date their equals, but refuse to.
So a woman not having sex for 6 months makes it to the news, but a man not having sex for 20-30 years isn't even worth mentioning. How interesting.
Because the woman can have sex at any tine she wants, so people are curious why she doesnt want to. A 30 year old wizard has nothing interesting to say except that hes ugly and mentally ill
Idk I kinda think that hundreds of people starving is more interesting and urgent, than figuring out why a millionaire doesn't feel like eating.
I think the difference is that the starving people don't even care about trying to find food. That's why it's more interesting to watch movies about people who try and fail than people who watch cartoons all day.
Yes, because average men who work hard, study and are in good shape are the equivalent of hot dogs in the ground. Womens rights on full display.
Funny how it's always the starving people's fault. No matter what, it's never anyone else's fault, only the starving people.
And if something really is someone else's fault, then they'll twist it into it being the starving people's fault.
Suddenly it's not that the food has stupidly high costs. Suddenly it's the starving people who are at fault for not even trying to find food.
You'd think someone who's starving would by definition look for food, but no no, they totally aren't.
I didn't say anything about fault. I said it's never interesting to hear the story of someone that doesn't care and doesn't even try to find food. The outcome is too predictable: he won't get food.
So you're saying that men are single because they just "aren't trying"?
I would say yes. I'm a married man and I almost never meet these "single" men in real life. They seem to hardly ever go out if they do exist, and the stories online seem like they simply don't care.
I think the reason why people don't expect men to ask out random girls is because they are afraid of being accused of harassment so only top men have the courage to ask out girls in broad light. I think this also makes a lot of average or uglier girls think no one would want to find them desirable because no man below chad would dare express his interests explicitly thus why so many girls think no one would want them because they don't get approached irl. In this way I think there is no choice but for girls to make the first move if girls do not want to edate or use dating apps. I also do not think anyone would dare report a girl if she is not aggressive in her approach.
So because you don't see them, you assume they don't exist. Sounds like some fucking sub 90 IQ mentality.
For a married man you sure spend time on obscure loner forums like this.
It's amazing the lengths people will go to to take away accountability from women.
Just because you were never asked out doesn't mean guys aren't interested in you, I'm the same as you. Surely there is no way there is not a single below average men in this world who would consider you a romantic prospect, maybe he is just too scared to act upon it and I think it's likely with how the social climate is nowadays.
Nah. I've met a fair number of lonely friendless women irl and they all have a boyfriend. Often the guy in question has some kind of chronic illness that prevents him from working for some reason.
no its just human nature, everyone bases what the believe in what they see themselves, that is how we evolved.
To be fair, a large part of the population is statistically sub 90 lol.
Ugly girls have to learn how to use makeup or how to dress better, and fat girls have to lose some weight to improve their potential. You speak truthfully though, a fat girl or ugly girl can still find a boyfriend. No woman ever has 0 options, but apparently something like 2/3rds of young men cant get anything at all. I blame online dating and social media. When I hit on girls in person I have low but nonzero success rate. But all girls are already dating someone and they almost all met online. I have never gotten a single match on an online dating site.
I agree with you, except for the part about blaming online dating. I've noticed that women IRL are far less "demanding" than ones online.
I personally blame women for being extremely shallow and demanding. They post their ass on social media, get attention, and immediately think they're 10s. And I blame simps and other women for encouraging it too.
No effort except
all this just to get attention from a 5/10 with the bare minimum of a job and a car. Thank fuck for the internet so we aren't stuck with you cletii just because you're in town anymore
Sounds like we've got another one on the incel-to-tranny pipeline. The rope awaits you.
Normal and average men don't demand this, I think this is propaganda that creates warped views for girls to think if anything some of these things are promoted by certain industries and the media not your average guy.
Please don't reply to the reddit bait posts.
fuck off fag you know its true. If even one of those elements is missing we're 4/10 roasties according to you super valuable mating materials. Literally all you have to do is own a car have a job shower sometimes and not be a complete fagmoose. That's it. Just three things
You're right, even if it is legit there is no point because if someone doesn't try to understand they never will.
you dont need to do any of it if u want a boyfriend
Men are the gatekeepers of commitment. Two different problems.
You don't need to put in any effort to get a gross obese fat girl that plays league either what's your point retard
Don't reply to bait posts. They're just a waste of time.
To get a deadbeat emotionally unavailable depressed NEET boyfriend who offers nothing that I have no future with who can't support any children
Utter bullshit. CHADS are the gatekeeprs of commitment, and only because they want a different pussy every other day.
The average man doesn't even get the chance to make a choice.
Like I said, I've never seen a woman who can't get a boyfriend.
Lmao again with the bait shit. Well whatever. Your insane standards and need to control someone else's life, while making zero effort to improve yourself, are why you will be taking your evolutionary lineage to your grave. Just get a doll or something
Most girls I know that have bfs aren't even close to meet more than 1 of these and they do it on their own volition, not to attract men
why do people on here care so much about muh evolutionary lineage lol, youre going to die anyway and so will all of your progeny
Most women don't fit this.
All uselessness. Even with all that combined, you will never find a GF unless you can learn social skills. Social skills are the only skill that matter in forming a relationship and everything else is a distraction.
So let's say you get a partner. What then? And what type of woman would you even want to be with to begin with?
No woman has ever had to develop social skills to find a partner.
If you're gonna bring up natural\biological arguments, then by that logic, you need to throw out any concept of Equality between men and women.
I'd like a woman who is nice to me. Let's start at that extremely low standard.
Notice how you completely ignored the point I made, and immediately tried to make things personal.
this.
However, some may be able to capture all that delicious female privilege.
Stacy>Chad>Stacy Tranny>>>Avr. woman>Avr. Tranny>Ugly woman>>>>>>>Avr. man>abomination woman=Ugly man>>>>>>>Abomination Tranny=abomination man
This seems pretty accurate. Except I'd put average woman between stacy and chad.
Cool, so if you're gonna men to "deal with it" when it comes to biological disadvantages, then you need to do the same thing to women. So say goodbye to women's rights, unless you suddenly have a problem with "nature".
So tell me femanon what do you bring to the table?
 Well I'm loyal, I'm open minded, I'm really trying to work on myself to be a better person, really I'm just me!
So how much should your man make in a year?
Kek.
Yea shud be like this:
Stacy>Avr. woman>Chad>Stacy Tranny>Avr. Tranny>Ugly woman>>>>>>>Avr. man>abomination woman=Ugly man>>>>>>>Abomination Tranny=abomination man>FTM (you must also be severely mental ill to be here)
Women are incredibly boring. Their entire lives revolve around social media and what other women think of them. You don't want to be a woman.
Seriously. Women think them just existing is the extent of their contribution.
No, I definitely don't want to be a woman. I want women to be less retarded.
Alright, good. We agree, then. Repeal the 19th.
Frankly they collectively haven't earned the right to be considered equals.
Ikr, imagine how much a woman would mock a man if he said I'm open minded so you should totally date me, or I'm just me so that's good enough, I bring the dick in this relationship
Thats where so many women get this huge I flated ego and sense of entitlement, they've been told their entire lives how wonderful and amazing they are by virtue of the fact that they were born with an x chromosome instead of a y
I am a dude and everyone ghosts me (including my last remaining male friend irl). I dont blame them, I am just boring. I am a civil servant so my work life is boring as hell. Besides that I just play piano and a lot of vidya. Occasionally I still try to add people I meet here on discord or steam. Want to chat and play games?
The world expects men to put in a ton of effort for what women get for free.
Truth and digits
Hypergamy is extremely prominent.
Think about it. This woman not only has a below average face, she is also short and chubby.
Meanwhile the guy is tall, giga buff, and handsome.
This shit is so fucking unbalanced it's not even funny.
This is the equivalent of a r*ddit moderator managing to get a supermodel woman. It's just not fair.
And these kinds of posts really piss me off
Oh, but only if you're a woman. If you're a man you still need to hit the gym and be born good looking. But yeah dude, "love is blind". Fuck off.
That's what happens when you give women the same rights as men but without the same obligations. Now you know what free and liberated women are like and why they were kept on a very tight leash for most of human existence.
I'm not some "red pill alpha male sigma" or misogynist, but trust me when I tell you that women hate other women, everything women like is the oppossite of a woman ( not being confident, shy, snarky, etc. )
Women are much more emotionally driven and unorganized, a good example would be that one show (Naked and Afraid I think?) where women only and men only groups survive on their own, as you would expect, women had no mental fortitude to kill a pig that wasn't even running from them even though they were starving, aswell as indecisive and poor decision making troughout, you see that in fem cops aswell...
Women would rather date chads who rape 2 year olds than be with average kind men
another chad child rapist tinder experiment
Matriarchy: Sorry, best I can do is a morbidly obese single mom that treats you like shit.
So much truth and digits ITT. Foids are pure evil trying to have their cake and eat it too.
Agreed 100%. Either women have the same power as men and they're given the same responsibilities, or they're excused from responsibility at the cost of power. They shouldn't have both, but right now they do.
The Nuclear Blackpills are extremely powerful. Women will shit themselves over some "incel shooter" news article, but will openly date and have kids with abusive violent rapists.
The least women could do is not be openly hostile, and yet that's asking too much of them.
When women make lists like this it just makes me think of a child making a big list of toys it wants for its birthday, with no understanding that it's asking too much or being unrealistic.
I want aaaaaa helicopter and aaaaa dinosaur and a biiiig firetruck.
Guys, this fat/obese woman with saggy tits and an average face could get 1000 men. Do you think she really had to put in effort to get all those men? Can you imagine what kind of ultra giga infinichad a man would have to be to get 1000 women? LET ALONE IN 24 HOURS
This is why I say that women have it THOUSANDS of times easier than men do.
What do you guys think, did she have to "self improve" to get those numbers? Was she spending countless hours at the gym? Was she reading self help books? Was she watching youtube?
A woman doesn't even have to self improve to get 1000 men.
And yet men spend hour upon hour working their asses off to get a tiny crumb of attention from a woman. NOT EVEN SEX, just a single fucking date.
Don't you dare tell me shit like "they both have it hard in different ways".
Impossibru
kek, reminds me of what the other anon said earlier:
Now let's see all the 5/10+ men who can't get the time of day from women
As an abomination woman you are still better off more than 40% of the population.
sorry forgot pic rel...
asdfa
It's really interesting how the men's ratings are exactly what you'd statistically expect. Most people are average, and a small portion are really good and really bad.
And then you have women's ratings, and in their eyes, 90% of men are below average.
I really like these kinds of graphs because it shows numerically how fucking insane women are. You can actively point out to these pieces of data and say "Women literally believe that 90% of the male population is below average".
And look at this pic related. The woman accepts 3.8% of men, but has 51% acceptance rate after. Meaning that men accept ~50% of women, but women only accept ~4% of men.
From this data, you can roughly conclude that women are 13.4 TIMES more shallow\demanding than men are.
And also notice the pattern of men's ratings for women being a constant 50-50 split, while women repeatedly only accept 5 to 10% of the male population.
And this is from a male user in the same year, 2022. The man accepts 75% of women, but only 0.005% accept back.
In this case, women are 15,000x more shallow than men. I wasn't fucking joking when I said they have it LITERAL THOUSANDS of times easier than men.
you responded to a gpt post tardass
My mistake. I had never seen people use it in a post before.
I'm still looking for the HIV one. Anyone who could hook me up?
No, you just resent that they're not attracted to autistic manbabies. And that's ok.
I've never heard of a HIV one. Maybe try the incel wiki.
that's where I heared it mentioned, but they only had one of the Pics on there and it was the second one posted here. So i have been looking for one where the profile mentions the dude having HIV and the women are just litteraly telling him how brave he is for admitting that so openly ...
Well, my first instinct would be to reverse image search each of the nuclear blackpill pics you already have, and check the results and sub-results for each one. On multiple reverse image searching services (google, tineye, etc). It's a lot of effort but it might work if you're willing to go that far.
Btw is your username referring to any specific series?
op is absolutely right. women can look like anything and get a bf. same cant be said for men. no woman is going out of their way to date the millions of 5'4 currycels
You mentioning 5'4 men reminded me:
Women often claim that it's a complete coincidence that they're with tall men, but here's the thing: There are statistically just as much super tall men as there are super short men, yet women seem to gravitate heavily towards the tall men.
Women being shallow is one thing. They being fucking slimy liars to your face is another.
This is fucking nuclear level blackpill. Thanks I will never respect a w*man again
Guys, guys. She dated tons of "short" men, it's just a huge massive coincidence that she ended up marrying the super tall dude. But she's totally not shallow okay. Fuck off.
This is the equivalent of a man saying he loves women with small tits, but then marrying one with DDDs.
What men and women need to do to be attractive.
Social skills dont exist actually. Looks = personality is the absolute truth. "social skills" is just a euphemism for how adequately you judge your own attractiveness or lack thereof and accordingly modulate your own expectations and behaviors. In other words, for a nonchad male, your social skills are a measure of how well you subdue yourself from asserting your own will or desires, and how good you are at silently tolerating other people walk all over you and drain you like a human battery. If you dont do this, you are creepy low social skill incel. Putting it more bluntly, "social skills" = how well you know your place in the hierarchy and accordingly react. Due to the fact that we live in a gynocracy, your place in the hierarchy is equal to how attractive you are to women. Nothing more, nothing less.
almost every tall guy ive seen, no matter how ugly they are has had a girlfriend. meanwhile 5'4 currycel is contemplating drowning himself in the nearby river.
From what I've seen, women will approve of anything a chad says, and will reject anything said by a nonchad. That's why chads can just text "wanna fuk" and it'll work.
That's why it's funny to see basedcucks on dating sites acting like fucking jesters and working hard to come up with "interesting" conversations with women, only to be rejected anyway.
STFU foid, go now and wash the stinky hole between your worthless legs.
If true, that picture is extremely disgusting.
Gargantuan cope.
simply start going for loser uglies. lol UR standards are the too high ones desu
I truly doubt there is an ACTUAL woman in this shithole board but you make me actually doubt since only a woman believes such absolute bullshit lie
FTM only applies if she goes for women, if it's a FTM that's also gay (dates men) then shes on easy mode just like every other woman
Just be yourself anons
Buzz buzz bee urself :^)
