Why are men like this?
While I don't like feet and I don't think vaginas are gross. Vaginas probably do harbor more bacteria than feet. So I can kind of follow the logic there
I don't care about either
I like boobs though
For the same reason women get abortions: because it's funny
As long as she has a nice bush I'd like to lick a vagina. Shaved ones seem dirtier and trimmed or shaped ones I imagine would be prickly and none of these look as good as a proper full bush.
So right queen. I'd lick your vagina and feet
I've received more blowjobs than I can count but have never once gone down on a girl and I'm kind of proud of that.
Sorry roasties, gg no re
Vaginas are objectively gross.
Still wanna fuck one though
When was the last time that bodily fluids came out of your feet?
kys or let me tie you up and worship your feet until you starve to death
have you thought about not having a gross vagina
The way it should be desu
i want to lick rika all over
vaginas are kind of spooky and hard to understand, feet are easy though
Wash you cunt and maybe you'll stop turning men gay
this is key, it's nice if the feet are contained in some way and not just walking around barefoot everywhere
There arent really any outside contaminants if she's been wearing shoes all day, it's just pure feet pheromones
on a sidenote it's kind of funny how uncut cocks will get stigmatized as being dirty and gross "cheesedick, smega" etc, however the maintenance to keep an uncut penis clean is probably worlds easier. Like I'll only shower once every 3 or 4 days, and when I go to wash under my foreskin there's practically nothing there to even clean - just spend 15 seconds rinsing / scrubbing it with your fingers and it's pretty much good to go for like a week before there's any signs of bacteria buildup
Kys disgusting person
Shoes and socks get dead skin, oils and bacteria building up in them that rot overtime. People aren't washing their feet and shoes everyday either and they will inevitably touch a dirty floor at some point unless they are some demented tranny wearing socks to bed and to the bathroom and showering in them 24/7 etc. Vaginas on the otherhand are self cleaning. 
Footfaggotry is maybe only barely less disgusting and degenerate than eating a fresh turd. Don't delude yourself.
at the same time it's still pretty harmless just to give them a sniff, it's basically a free aphrodisiac for guys that have the fetish
lovely fragrance
Is that why foids kill babies?
no other robots want to post about feet?
I'd lick Rika's vagina and feet
kek lmao why does this exist
I'm a straight dude and think cocks just look better than vaginas. There are other parts of women that are very appealing but vaginas don't really really get me that excited other than what they are used for. I'd say I'm neutral towards then at best.
Have you seen a vagina? They really are disgusting roach caves, prime coochieroach habitats.
Shut the fuck up you dumb cunt
Lmao dumb bitch I put the whole pussy AND the feet in my mouth. Take your fucking clothes off slut.
need cute feet gf plz
do you just want to talk about it or do you mean like photos
Well-maintained feet can be very cute. 
Well-maintained vaginas are almost unheard of and still secrete nasty shit.
imagine if it was this easy to have someone attracted you to
Hey now, it's not JUST feet
Pussy is for dick, but feet are for love and also dick
feet aren't relaly me thing either rather lick your butthole desu
feet(also dicks) 
one solid piece
vagina
can be cleaned with just soap
vagina
You know I know that feel. A lot of the time it's like. I tried that it didn't work. Go ask your moms boyfriend to try that. That's part of growing up. Everyone else wants to shove their foot in your mouth. Write a song about it.
#1.
Caption: Found You.
#2
Caption: Ultimatum
#3
Caption: So... What do you mean by "luscious" feet?
#4
Caption: How did you get so many?
#5
Caption: Well... y-your feet. They... They are... p-p-pretty...
#6
Caption: Anyway, don't delete your account. We'll contact you later.
... We?
#7
Caption: This girl...
#8
Caption: What the...?!
#9
Caption: Surely you don't mind if I'm borrowing your phone, right, sis?
#10
Caption: We need to talk...
#11
Caption: So, you own a professional camera, correct?
#12
Caption: "I'm sure it's going to work, with a better camera..."
"Uh... the camera isn't... the only thing that... m... matters."
#13
Caption: You talk too much.
#14
Caption: From now on.
#15
Caption: Night Talk
#16
Caption: You're late.
#17
Caption: A "little" surprise.
#18
Caption: Our first pic.
#19
Caption: Shh...
#20
Caption: It's working! But...
#21
Caption: What's the deal with our feet?!
---Anyone lurking by the way? I might need some bumps while I step away in a bit.
#22
Caption: People would PAY to see our feet?!?
#23
Caption: Deep thoughts.
I'm salivating, yes.
#24
Caption: Fast Learner.
#25
Caption: Supplementary Classes.
#26
Caption: What do you think? Should we do it?
#27
Caption: You talk, you're dead.
jokes on you man, i like putting both of those things in my mouth
i actually dont know how i've convinced 3 past gfs to go along with my foot fetish, i dont even like jack off to pictures of feet, but just like kissing them and stuff gets me off for some reason
#28
Caption: Hurry up...
not true! i love girlsmell i want to sniff and lick vagina all day and feet are nice too i want to suck on girltoes
#29
Caption: Dark Corner.
#30
Caption: After a day of work, a good night's rest for everyone(?)
