As Jordan Peterson says, openness to experience is one of the hallmarks of masculinity. Why don't you listen to the esteemed Doctor?
I do not believe that any female on planet earth is genuinely sexually aroused by the idea of keeping a male in chastity. This fetish is done only to appease the man's fetish.
why don't you castrate yourself.
ppl who degrade me are not worth my time or dime
That's why she usually takes on another lover to compensate. Again, what is wrong with a new experience? Its a fundamental idea in the study of psychology
Man these cringe ass cuck posts are becoming even more insufferable than lee's schitzo posting
Isn't openness to experience higher in women on average than it is in men?
Yeah, but there are some things you shouldn't necessarily be open to. The shit Jimmy Savile was into, for example.
Because no man should willingly take a lesser position as a man when achieving a higher position is so difficult. The world wants us to be lesser, to let the alpha be unchallenged. Fuck that. I want what they have.
Well imagine exploring the new experience of submitting to the alpha instead of challenging him. Of laying down and letting him take the woman you want. It's It's amazing feeling
Dead wrong. Girls get off to cucking their boyfriends since it's forbidden hot sex and it's trading up to better guys and if they keep going and convince the boyfriend to do an open relationship they can more openly get off to watching him squirm.
https://www.girlschase.com/content/women-will-dominate-and-cuckold-you-if-you-let-them
Exactly. It's an extraordinary lifestyle choice!
I actually respect how Jimmy Savile lived his life way more than I respect cuckolds. That's how much I find cuckolds abhorrent.
Volcel cope. You could be a happy cuckold but you choose to be single and miserable
Oh, to clarify, I understand it and enjoy unserstanding people and their motivations in general.
But also I think being a cuckold is the most horrific thing possible that a guy could be reduced to and don't condone it at all and wouldn't even be OK with having people into that as acquaintances.
Although I did fuck a guy's wife once, but not with him being aware of it.
you know it's gonna be good when it opens with that
Wrong. I'm this guy:
And am neither incel nor volcel.
out of all the fetishes to shill why not more extreme ones? my fetish is to be forced to eat a woman's shit. cheating happens all the time, men eating women's shit doesn't. i think we'd all have better sex lives if women were indoctrinated on this fetish.
I love cucking my bf. I had to gaslight him into it but he came round eventually. If you ever see hotwives, you will see they always look really happy. Cucking a man is true happiness, I have learned.
Just because you fell for biological essentialism psyops doesn't mean I have to. It is against a man's nature to let an arrogant dickhead fuck your girl. Never let them get free pussy, and never tolerate a skank that fucks around with redpill men.
He has to sit there and take it. Watch, cuck!
like seriously how could you not be into this? i'd kill for a woman to do this to me
You can easily get a gf if you go for the ones who openly advertize themselves as only interested in guys who want an open relationship.
Normal sane guys avoid those girls like the plague and since they're having sex with different guys already it's not like you have to compete for the spot.
I strongly recommend against anyone doing that to themselves, but it's literally the least difficult path to having a gf possible. Just look at the guy in the OP.
you think its actually possible to get a cuckolding gf? i would love one to spoil and watch get fucked by other men, but i think it'd sound too off-putting for her to be into. do i have to lie and not mention i'm into this? but then how do i know she's into it? its like a catch 22 know what i'm saying?
Nigga you got a bad case of brain rot
Think of it less like something good that you want and more like something horrible no one should want. Because that's what it is, and also because that will take the pressure off. You're agreeing to let someone get off to your discomfort and being their bitch boyfriend they can keep coming back to while better guys are busy with their own girlfriends.
Just look for girls on dating sites who are openly putting on their profile they want an open relationship. There are dating sites / apps that let you find this stuff pretty directly and explicitly. Fetlife would be one that'd make it easy since you can list it as a fetish and search by other people's fetishes and message them.
i know dude, i'm in hell. it's not just girls btw, i've fantasized about guys doing it to me. in fact i actually texted a couple of dudes before with the intention of doing it irl (it never happened though). i just met a new guy though and we're talking rn.
i know im pornbrained but i just cant help it. theres really no going back so i might as well accept it
the thing is im kinda ugly and have no confidence to put myself out there. i don't want to post pictures of my face online, especially on fetlife or other local fetish sites. like i'm not larping i'd seriously love to be cucked irl. not just the sex act but in every aspect of the realtionship. i basically want to be her simp that spoils her in return for little to no attention and/or humilation.
Just do it then. Your name won't be tied to the picture on that site unless you're retarded enough to make your username your real name.
Most cuckolds are ugly and lack confidence so that should work in your favor if anything.
This is what asian "males" secretly desire
