Basically, the cancerous, toxic impact white women have on a society is spreading all over the 1st world. Next it will move to the 2nd and 3rd world nations.
American white women now have the resources to contaminate other nations with their nastiness.
The two fatties must be deported by canon back to burgerland. The rest can stay.
Do people genuinely give a fuck about stuff like this? I have no issue with white men going to SEA to get a wife so I don't care about this. Also cultural appropriation isn't real lmfao. The fact a white woman made this post is the cherry on top. White women are the only ones who care about shit like this.
She is Jewish, which says it all really. Jewish hags really hate seeing goyim girls fucking all the Chads while they get nothing.
Cope, it was a White male larping as a femanon to psyop normies too stop going into Korea.
You are desperate and pathetic.
Don't worry women don't want ricecels
She got less than 200 likes on nearly all the tweets and ratioed hard. Nobody gives a fuck about her (im pretty sure its a tranny) shit takes lol.
nice sockpuppet ricecel
can we also get white sissies to come here or are they too rare
he woke up again, only to waste another whole 21 hours on 4chan
Cope, all his posts are like that.
Psyop/Gaslight number 2 by the White man
Holy shit. Maybe tgirls can be hot after all.
gookcel creating cope fantasy because he's undesirable
Kek
Yeah thats definitely a tranny. Real women dont talk or look like this.
Tons of white twinks and sissy kpop fans on Twitter.
White 'men' are too be bred with.
The most feminine girly bodies created.
Pink nipples and Pink dicks like the power bottoms they are.
Look at all the normies confirming what said.
JFL, JBK is law. Undeniable.
Be Born Korean
Do Nothing
White horses flies to your country to date you
Built for worshipping Korean cock.
all that whiteboy seethe
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Koreanchads are so powerful.
it's a character she plays, she's a sigma female, she's doing like Andrew Tate if he were a woman. her posts become very funny when you're clued in on the bit.
innocently travelling or studying abroad
Lol no. Korean is a globally useless language. Korean universities arent really relevant in the west. If you want a vacation, Japan is honestly better to visit. 
The only reason girls come to Korea or bother to learn Korean is for Korean dick. Even foreign girls admit this themselves.
this confuses and enrages the ricecel 
Many such cases, sad!
t. Jewish tranny in question
he thinks this angers us
anyone notice its never a Korean girl?
JBK NEVA LOST
Its funny because these responses sound exactly like bitchy women complaining about guys who go to Thailand and the Philippines. Interesting to see the genders flipped but the seethe is still the same.
You missed it JBK bro. This tranny was on here posting interracial porn for 21 hours straight yesterday, I shit you not. He just woke up again. Dont even engage with him.
always Chinese or SEA
never Korean 
LMAO cope harder tranny. I command you to spend the next 20 hours of your life on this board.
It's over. The future is BWC
NOOOO BUT R9K SAID WALLED WOMEN WOULD BE FORCED TO RECKON WITH THEIR MISTAKES NOT JUST FUCK OFF TO KOREA AND GET THEIR KPOP HUSBANDO
Been knowing this.
Why do you think the rise of LGBT and Feminism came from in Korea?
Its due to White femoids pushing their narrative and ideologies onto the Korean people. Its honestly a win/loss. Win in the short term for Korean men, but a loss overall cause all this will do is just push more faggotory here in the long run.
BWC flavor only
walled
Girls come to Korea in their teen prime. Then JBK Chads send them back to white boys when they hit the wall.
Well yeah, duh
Novelty is a hell of a thing, I live in an extremely multicultural major city and outside of some first gen immigrants having white fever most people date within their race because seeing a black dude, an asian, indian dude or whatever isn't novel they're fucking everywhere.
BWC fucks
rice grains seethe
Many such cases, sad!
Nah, the Korean feminist movement is out of spite towards white women. They hate the fact white girls are going there and fucking their men. Meanwhile, only schlubby loser white guys go to Korea. Despite more and more foreign male tourists (still way lower than the amount of female tourists, but still plenty), Korean women are more asexual than ever. They are having sex less, marrying foreigners less, and having kids with foreigners less. Interracial marriage between Korean women and foreign men has been plummeting every single year. Korean girls want Korean Chad. But korean Chads are up to their eyeballs in white pussy, so they dont care about LTR cucking for a mid Korean radfem. These girls can get all the plastic surgery they want. But oppa will never notice them.
gookcel making up stories again because BWC dominates
Kek
Its truly over for them.
gookcel midget virgin
white viking CHAD
Korean girls
want to get married but cant
Korean guys
dont wanna get married, wanna fuck foreign female sexpats no strings attached
Based Korea CHADS.
this is like ricels seething over wmaf but backwards
Average Viking skeleton is 5ft6 
KEK
this thinks it can get any women at all
Interesting times ahead. This is the new world.
brutally fucking over
mmmmmmmm jiggly
It truly is. They cannot compete with BWC.
chimpy boi will reply after this
mfw
hahaha
lmao
This chimp visited a saged and dying thread.
Its a spambot bro.
Maybe some of them. But I've seen some replies where it had to be written by a person. But I'm not perfectly sure, I guess.
I have been starting to think that. Let's see from here.
auto reply incoming
chimp chimp
ytboi
Koreans >>>>
normal reply test
normal reply test
low hostility normal reply test
he will respond to this
hi normal person
It doesn't seem so much like a bot now. You sure it isn't just some pathetic White dude?
Mods probably must banned him.
haha white boi cuck
Asian master race
chimp chimp sperg beta beta
he will resppnd to this
true true
white boi cuck mayoboy pig piggie
he will respond to this
We are going to crush you like the rice ants you are, chang. We are coming to rape all ur yellow women.
Little gook dicks can't satisfy his own race has to cope on r9k. Reminder that Asian women are the real race traitors.
Nahh man, it's obvious. It's some White guy with too much time on his hands but too little intellect in his head.
You're doing damage control aren't you? It's an Anon board though, you emotionally fragile cuck.
Hahaha, TOPKEK.
rape
With what? Your tranny baby pink clits? Lel. TWC copes are adorable.
Bots 'programmed' by a chud like you can't possibly write comments like that. You've been chimping for 20+ hours.
rawr im gonna raep your asian wimmin xD wiv my twiny pwink pwenis! uwu 
Reminder this is how all white robots look and talk irl kek.
gookcels still OBSESS about BWC
Kek
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZGJmhvfFd/
Kek. The jig is up whiteboys. Even Asian girls are calling you creepy for LARPing as Asian women and stalking and harassing Asian women with your BWC cringe cope. 
How embarrassing kek. Absolute state of mayocels.
hahahahahaha, whiteboys confirmed pajeet tier
whe background confuses me. Are they having a picnic and if so, why is there a soccer player on the bench in the background, are they on a football field?
this kills the ricecel
Dominated by BWC
with this voice ofc
https://voca.ro/1ewLOz8YMFAN
Always remember...
When you argue with non Korean cuckasoid.
They will never be Korean and they are jealous of that.
BWC 
Whats that? Baby white clitty? No girls are talking about that. Kek. 
Even when you look for it, all that comes up is BBC videos. 
Its so over for whiteboys. Holy shit RIP.
meanwhile, BBC tiktok
Whitebros I think we got too cocky :/
no girls are talking about the baby white clit meme
AAAAAAHAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ohnononono whitebros nobody outside of 4chan knows or cares kek
Still at it, huh? Got tired spamming /pol/ with a memeflag?
A picture says a thousands words lmao
i dont know why you are trying to prove bwc doesnt exist.
i thinks its well known its a coping mechanism for whitecels on 4chan. nobody outside of it says it.
even when using bwc hashtag nobody is actually talking about dicks
its all BTS dance practices and stands for random shit like blue world city
how will white boys ever recover?
Kek, this is so embarrassing for them. Turns literally nobody cares about bee double ew cee
Ricecels fear the BWC
tfw no real woman knows or cares about the bwc (baby white clit) except incels and some trannies 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I love couples like this because essentially all men I've ever seen are pussies so when I see them walking in the street and I say "what the fuck are you looking at" or "shut the fuck up pussy", it makes the guy's size seem fucking useless because the only real reason girls like "big guys" is because it makes them feel safe.
this sends the ricel into rage
those arent even koreans
looks like thai
if u havent notice 95%+ of all the wmaf are SEA/chinese women
its a cope mayocels have to own the koreans lol
if u havent notice 95%+ of all the wmaf ale SEA/chinese women
its a cope mayocels have to own the koleans lol
chimp
monitors every single k thread
will respond
30 hours straight
seething at BWC day and night
i think this guy hasnt sleep hes literally been spamming wmaf for nearly 2 days now... every waking hour lol
WHALE ALERTS
responds immediately too
chimp
30+ hours straight
immediate response
not even botted
will respond again
Competition pissing them off lmaoo
Bro, honestly, at this point, they should just make a show about this shit. Its humorous
Often, western women are very sexually aggressive and SCARY the Korean men who are not culturaly accustomed to such behavior
Great now I'm horny 
tfw no asian bf to intimidate with my wily western charisma
be ytboi
chimp
30+ hours and counting
will respond to this one too
mfw
Remember to take a bath, buddy. You must smell like a rat right now.
i think the mayocel has finally went to sleep
hes been quiet for the past hour or so.
he will be back tomorrow to chimp out
be gook
make multiple threads because BWC dominates you
Kek
This stuff always reminds me of the brutality of "free trade" or any notion of free and open markets etc
It's just a massive transfer of financial and sexual wealth to the best, a drain on everyone else
Like when you had small communities and isolated markets before ww2
No competition with cheap foreign labor or people from other cities and states
The more liberal and open everything becomes, the more "society" rots away
No idea what to do about it
For these men, eventually the reality will set in that no amount of stem degrees and 200k tech jobs will ever net them a proper family and a nice home
Could have been an asian male like that one doctor larping as a white women talking about black men lol.
There's an overweight white girl in my college course who is a huge fan of BTS and is in love with them. Do these fat western women not realise that all these south korean boys would be disgusted by them? South Korea is a homogeneous society and these kpop boys would rather be with cute fit thin south korean girls than fat white women
