Should autists have children?
all the evidence that exists shows that autistic women are as sexually successful as all other women so it wouldn't matter if autistic men were barred from having children. autistic women would still have abusechad's cum loafs, like the little turdwhores they are.
Gonna have to say no to that.
Should anyone have children? Nobody's perfect. If you can give a child a good quality of life then sure...
no we should not lol
Isn't it only on the mother's side anyways the chances of sperms having kids is low so we safe
Yes, the autistic ethnostate needs plenty of children.
Yes, I'm in agreement with >>73037344 . Make the autistic neurostate a reality.
My mom is turbo autistic, maybe this is why me too
Another reason to hate on women
Yea.
Autists have some important traits for society.
Also autism is a spectrum.
I'd love to have multiple kids (4 or 5), but I've been diagnosed with autism as a child, and that prevents me from seeking out a potential husband. I have some good qualities, I am fit without much effort on my part, do well in sports that don't require good coordination, have a stable job and life, decent overall health, I am tall for a girl (5'9), I absolutely love taking care of kids. The only thing is, I am autistic and have a weaker vision in one eye. The chances of me passing down autism are significant. I looked into my family history, and it seems like I'm the only autistic person in my family, so I think I might have it because my parents were both 40 when they had me.
What was your mom like? Was she a good mom? What about your dad?
Not either of the people you replied to but my mom was 40 when I was born, dad was 33. My mom at least has some autistic-like traits and is more masculine(androgenic development/characteristics correlate with the 'tism) than her sister and other female relatives. I've in turn ended up being the tallest male of my living family members, as well as the hairiest out of all of them. Mutations are fun things, right?
No.
Most of us are easily exhausted and irritable. 
I don't think normies even really think it out long term if they'd be good parents. Kids are cute when they're curious, dumb, and cute and the most you have to help them with school is multiplication. But have you ever imagined yourself as a parent and your kids are any older than like 12?
I'mma be real here when I say I'm worried about all the conservative autists who are committed to having kids. In fear of their kids turning out Internet-addicted and avoiding degeneracy they're going to end up distanced from their peers and never knowing what's popular. I worry about Autistic parents who double down on trying to get their kid into social situations to avoid being like them, only to steer them more into loneliness.
I would actually like to have autistic children some day and give them an environment to grow up in where they aren't broken before reaching a double digit age
you're gonna make a chris chan
Chris-chan grew up in exactly the opposite situation I'm envisioning
