Let's appreciate women for a change. I'll start: I appreciate how women are the more compassionate sex.
i appreciate and love women so much its unreal
they're so special and wonderful
First comment I saw for that article. It's easy to only see the bad things in life, if that's all you want to see.
Fake.
Must be a fake article by a lying incel or something women wouldnt do something like this they're perfect and kind and caring and loving and...
They are so brave as well
- Better conversationalists than men. Their words very frequently give you a sense of actually communicating with someone, unlike men, the bottom 90% of whom literally grunt and fart as a substitute for speech while many of the top 10% of them are obsessed with "debating."
- Better attitude toward sex, actively enjoy foreplay and romance before sex, unlike men who prefer human-assisted masturbation.
- Deal with the crying children and dying elderly people and whining low status men and most of the other unpleasant things in the social realm.
- Aren't prone to harassing random strangers on the street for no reason.
- Aren't prone to committing serious crimes.
t. Roastie Internet Defense Force
I'm not saying this to defend women, anon. I'm saying it because this way of thinking isn't good for you and only serves to make you feel worse. But your life, anon. Do whatever.
finally some good heckin food
I especially appreciate their sole
why do women always get lucky in every situation bros?
Women are great at estimating their own competence.
cope sneed mald seethe and dilate, touch grass.
Yo nigga where you get this from I posted this yesterday
Man gets Cancer
 Women most affected
(((Epstein)))
Batch stfu please and take you whining bullshit nonsense over to crystal Cafe where you and a bunch of other mid chicks can complain about how trash men are because you let Chad pump and dump you and now he won't talk to you anymore
why do men think they are entitled to womens compassion? if you have cancer and are dying what do you have to offer? nothing. people should not be sorry for prioritizing their happiness and well-being over someones elses
