femanons have you ever coomed this hard before?
I don't think anyone has ever cummed that hard before, holy shit mine sure aren't like that! I hope she's okay!
i wish i could do this bros
Piece of shit flew out at the end
I looked close and it's a dildo she had buried in there
that's looks very painful X~X
No but I would love to minus all the insertions, especially in the ass. My ass is off limits.
This would be hotter if she was tied up and subjected to continued stimulation during the orgasm.
She just pissed all over herself it's already fucking nasty. Have to clean that whole room now.
pls explain, why do girls hate anal so much?
No, but I think I came close once.
steam whistles and car exhausts in old cartoons be like
Because it's painful and we get no stimulation from it. Proud to say my anus is virgin and untouched. Fuck all that.
it's painful
anus is untouched
How do you know?
Because it's painful
no it's not, you have have to use lube and be a little gentle 
Fuck all that.
your choice
Because I have tried to put a finger in out of curiosity. Also have heard tons of horror stories about it.
That is quite disgusting anon.
Oops replied to myself, meant to reply to you.
Yea but is it pleasurable for women at all? Not like we have a prostate.
For a total of
1 wand on clit
2 dildos, 1 in ass, 1 working on vag
2 small vibes, 1 buried in ass, 1 buried in vag
That looks like a bit too much.
She could probably streamline her process with 2 vibrating dildos and the wand.
You still have a good amount of nerve endings in there, they should count for something.
In the end, there are women that enjoy anal, so even tho it might be all mental on their end, for some it works.
Yea but is it pleasurable for women at all?
no idea, I'm not a woman
just do whatever you're comfortable with
like I said l, it's your choice
Are scrotes really low iq enough to think this is real? Women aren't supposed to squirt out piss when they cum. I have orgasmed thousands of times. It doesn't happen like this. You have been brainwashed by porn.
Or maybe you're just not peeing hard enough when you cum. Maybe if you got a gf she could help you. Please stay hydrated
I can't believe that some of you retards don't realize that all porn is acting.
If she doesn't squirt piss when she cums I dump her. There's no greater insult to a man than a dry orgasm.
I never really got why guys wanted to do anal to a girl.
No pregnancy risk, different feeling
looks fake but giwtwm
t. male anon with vagina envy
I never did either until my fembot convinced me she wanted it and loved it
2 weeks into relationship: no ew I don't like anal
6 months later: I want you to eat my ass
I never really got why guys wanted to do anal to a girl
I don't really get it either. I tried it once, it doesn't feel as good as pussy and it's kinda gross desu.
I used to think other women were lying about or exaggerating orgasms until I had my first at thirteen with a vibrator kek
the more i learned about female orgasms the more upset i am about being male
What's the male orgasm like? With how horny men are it can't be that disappointing
it can't be that disappointing
Orgasming from sex feels great, the orgasm from masturbating is shit though.
I've turned out half a dozen women on the ass. I've made it clear at the beginning that if ass is a hard no, I'm out. And because of this, I've only ever broken it off with one. The others did it for me. Only one absolutely hated it, but she did it regularly because she knew it was a requirement to be in a relationship with me. She was the outlier. My general observations have been that women fall into three broad categories when it comes to ass fucking:
1) They love it.
2) They don't know they love it yet
3) They don't love it, but they'll do it because they want to keep you around
Women are free to say no, but if my little sample group is any indication, most of them can get into it if they get into the right frame of mind.
What's the male orgasm like?
depends on the male. for me the actual arousal and stimulation is more interesting than the orgasm
cumming as a male feels like regret, post nut clarity, exhaustion, and a refractory period. i feel like shit afterwards
With how horny men are it can't be that disappointing
men are frustrated, angry beasts. they'll chase even the slightest hit no matter how shit it is. sexuality as a male feels less like pleasure and more like taking care of urges
Clitoral tissue extends down around the labia all the way to the anus. My wife can cum so hard from anal it's not even funny. I've even been with at least two women who could only cum from anal. It's cool you have your boundaries and all that. But you never know, you might be missing out.
anatomy 101
it doesn't. stop encouraging her to become a degenerate.
your best try is pushing against the actual sexual organ by proxy.
back to lolcow hole, nobody wants your kind here
You're wrong. Many, many women can get off by anal for the exact reason I specified. Ask me how I know. Also, getting a woman whose never done it before to take it up the ass is a triumph. It's a second virginity that actually takes effort. So cope, seethe, and cry more.
what fucking muscle has her perineum sucking in and out like that
never that hard physically, but it's felt like that lolol
I am a little bit surprised when girls I'm on a date with that are basically complete strangers don't do this like all the other ones when I put my hands on them. I'm kinda use to girls doing this when I'm on a date with them. It's kind of a curveball when they don't.
With a partner or just from masturbating? I bet I could make you feel it again
It doesn't matter how bad you are at acting, they will believe it, because they want to. Their ego fills in the blanks. They're all sitting here thinking "Yeah, I bet I could do that to a woman".
You have summoned me, the autistic femanon that hates hitachi wands
I don't even know how to masturbate properly I've never put anything inside.
i've been with a couple of women who squirt when they have really strong orgasms. it's uncommon but they definitely are out there
would you like some assistance?
fembots can greatly increase the strength of their orgasms with one simple trick - pussy slaps
aren't supposed to squirt out piss when they cum.
why not? it's way hotter. imagine being in such ecstasy that you just lose control of your bladder
No but then again I don't put like five different toys in and on my body
the better question is:
WHY THE FUCK CAN'T I EVER FEEL LIKE THAT? 
Male orgasms are so fucking mid. Even if you edge for hours and your jizz hits the fucking ceiling, you're not fucking convulsing with pleasure for MINUTES afterwards. You're enjoying life for all of 15 seconds and then you're just fucking tired and sad again.
Fuck women.
just use drugs, even weed makes masturbation great
not to mention we have the trade off that our genitals don't bleed for 1/4 of the year so we can jerk off anytime
idk who fucking told you bitches can't masturbate while bleeding because they absolutely fucking can
thats aboslutely disgusting
PUSSY SLAP?
they can, but that's disgusting. the girl pissing in the OP is 100x less disgusting than cunt blood ooze
low t
piss is hot eat an entire bag of dicks you prudish shitcunt
yeah i know buddy i >>73040365 think piss is hot
low t
kill yourself
