HOLY FUCK CAN YOU FUCKING FAGGOTS STOP MAKING KOREAN THREADS
Cope and seethe ytoid
Gookcels too obsessed and mindbroken kek
op was built for big korean cock
I would never wanna look like that you fucking cumbrain faggot
So is this another one of threads., too? Are you behind almost all the complaining as well? God, damn man, this approaching Barneyfag levels of sad.
and thats why you are an incel and thats why he gets millions of sloots throwing themselves at him everyday.
its over.
Your mother was born to feel the wrath of my penis in her pisser and also her pooper
It's black dicks, korean dicks or another flavour of the month dick
You are right, they are faggots, colour me surprised
This is literally the first time i made a thread abt this topic, a few weeks ago you would have like 2-3 threads abt koreans at most, but today the catalog is literally overflowing with them, whats the fucking point of making these threads, its such a shit meme, even logposting on /b/ is better than this
When retards will just ignore them they can. It's prime bait desu.
Just be korean bro ee
These fucking faggots probably have some military grade cuck fetish at this point
I'm so fucking sick of this bullshit i do not give two fucks about those gooks
So to catch you up, almost all the Korean threads, and much of the BBC and cuck shit as well, is the work of one guy who basically posts this shit 24/7 in an effort to get a jolt through his burnt-out libido. He also samefags constantly and pretends to be his own haters constantly to bump threads and create the impression that he's stirring up a lot of drama when in reality it's just him jerking it and replying to himself.
It's not really "rent free" when there are 5+ threads being posted at the same time. It's clearly some low effort race baiting.
Bro, i know its bait its just fucking annoying how this board obsesses over the most stupid degenerate shit and milks the meme dry till an equally as bad if not worse meme rolls by, just for them to do it again
im korean bro i live in korea
Go suck a dick anon then
I see, man thats fucking sad jesus christ
stop it anon it def gets attention. you can easily verify that in archives.
Yeah it's kind of sad that /r9k/ is an unintentional casualty of his sexual frustration but sometimes life is stranger than fiction.
And who the fuk are you meant to be
Good for you brother, i hope your mother gets raped in front of you
Eat shit and die, stormfag.
Not every korean is kpop uberchad.
I'm not even look like that
Damn left wingers were right... Right wingers really dont care about free speech. Its about just pushing their narrative.
Im not even stormy who the fuck is that!
I know that. I always sage and hide shitty bait threads but it's sad to see that mods here do absolutely nothing about low-effort posting. There is nothing wrong with the usually shit post or a bit of banter between races but the amount of race baiting that you see is insane and it completely ruins the board.
fear not whitebros, there's plenty of brown to go aroun'
there's a difference between creating half the threads on the board with same repetitive shit and wanting to ban someone because of their agenda
and jannies and mods make sure to ignore all that shit just because fuck it this board needs to be shut down anyways
Shut the fuck up nigger i dont wanna open up the catalog just to see threads abt wanting to be a chink and how said chinks get all the white women
Fucking retards gotta realize that these white women that choose the chinks only do it to fulfill their fetish and its not that they actually wanna date em
Sounds exactly like Right wingers pushing their toxic ideology everywhere on Social media with the same shit every day.
Then don't open it? Simple as that retard. Its only okay when it fits ur bias narrative right?
You are a dictator not a free speech absolutist
No one would be making those threads if there was no engagement. You should call out the retards falling for it too.
Its only okay when it fits ur bias narrative right?
You dumb fucking nigger im not tryina cherrypick shit in order to fit my "bias narrative" im just saying how fucking annoying it is to open up the catalog and to see these stupid low quality racebait threads over and over again
When did i ever claim that i was a free speech absolutist you dumb troglodyte?
Same faggot/s that have been spamming blacked porn for the last week.
Stop crying soi boi.
This isn't a hugbox for you to share your feelings and experiences.
I was gonna say that people need to stop giving those threads attention but it would be incredibly hypocritical coming from me after i made this thread, i wasnt trying to give them attention however i just wanted to talk abt how fucking annoying and retarded they are, the catalog is overflowing with them and the fun quality discussion threads get lost in these shits, you make a good point however the retards who fall for the bait and bump these threads deserve to get assraped
Alrighty then nigger i hope you can find a "big korean penis" to slobber on tonight
Just watching that docu about north korea.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24R8JObNNQ4 [Embed]
if one is going to bite the race bait threads
it is generally recommended to sage all fields
which can be achieved by typing sage in the name and options section
