Why do white boys have more ass than Asian women?
Meanwhile white women have more ass than their Asian boyfriends, as is the correct and natural balance.
Complete lack of any curves on Asian women is what makes me unattached to them. Other wise they are cute.
Cue retards posting outliers.
Fridgemode and pancake ass genetics.
tattoos and nigger hair
Wtf? Asian women are so ugly. Not to mention that awful body. How are people attracted to these things? Whites have both their men and women beat.
Idk man. This is a 10/10 to dudes with yellow fever.
Is this a medical condition? Fr
average japanese butt before surgery and implants
gookcel makes yet another seethe thread
Kek
Mmmmm busted chink roasts with no ass and caked in makeup 
Hawwwtttttt
White boys have more ass for their black bull
white boys prefer flat asian asses due to their tiny white penises that cant reach past the cheeks
white boys plefel flat asian asses due to theil tiny white penises that cant leach past the cheeks
Kek. Quads of truth. Its over. 
/thread
Terrible photoshop job dude, try harder. 
So true!
FAAKKEEE!!!!
Lmao gookcel cope
relies on blacks and immigrants to bring up his average
KEK. Real white boys are packing 1.5 inchers even when hard.
gookcel making up fantasies again to cope
Kek
fake dick from aliexpress
Reality check baby white clit
check who loves the BWC (Baby White Clitty)
nobody
KEK. Whiteboy sisters?
N-N-NOOOO F-FAKEE
Actual women one ricecels. Must hurt badly.
meanwhile, in reality, outside of the polcel cope bunker and circle jerk
lol koreanbro dont bother responding to this delusional mayocel whos been spamming for 20 hours. we just ignore him.. he always finds out threads to chimp out in and we ignore himt ehir too.
Absolutely nobody to wants white boys in real life. No wonder they are the only demographic with a yearly net loss! RIP fossil sisters.
meanwhile, in reality, outside of the gookcel cope bunker and r/aznmasculinity
The white boy marches-ACK!
This confuses and enrages the seething gookcel
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39years and aged 40-59years, respectively)
Lol
Lmao even
Cute lesbian couple, shame they killed themselves as all whitebois and Asian roasties eventually do.
gookcels will kys eventually
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39years and aged 40-59years, respectively)
nooooo not my heckin bogged 4/10s! 
What are they gonna do, commit mutual suicide? Kek.
its funny when mayocels keep chimping about suicides and population
Isnt like the overall White population hovering around 700 millionish after immigration is removed?
Have sex white boy
gookcels can't breed
Many such cases, sad!
blonde tall blue eyed whiteboys still kill themselves at double the rate of Korean men 
Kek. High score! 
Lithuania isnt even a poor country btw, their GDP is high for Eastern Europe.
highest OECD suicide rate
lowest fertility rate
this trend has been more pronounced in the younger population aged 10-59years (suicide is the first and second leading cause of death in people aged 10-39years and aged 40-59years, respectively)
Asia population: 4.5 billion
Europe population: 500 million excluding browns gypsies and blacks, and shrinking every year
Actual white birth rate: 0.60
White sisters-ACK!
gookcels die in front of their game
while BWC smashes their women
Kek
wahhhhh im a poow wittle white cuck wiv a tiny pp, im so sad ACK-
gookcel rice grain on penis size
Lmaaaoooooo
pigcels die of blood clots in the middle of their game while Korean men shamelessly breed their women 
KEK
w-w-wittu p-piggu
All while BWC smashes asian pussy lol
This is a heinous war crime against European peoples and there will be justice.
settled for a non virgin 3
oof
meanwhile behind the filters shes a 1 kek
f-filtel!!!!
Lol
Lmao
Meanwhile behind the 30000 Chinese snow app filters 
w-whitebros, not like this
gookcel coping after getting embarrassed
again
Kek
balding 5 with a gold digger 3
kids will be 2/10 elliotts 
LMAO!
noooooo i swea i dont use firters!!! me ruv you rong time!
F-F-FAKE
F-F-FILTER
Gookcels absolutely MINDBROKEN
i swear i don use firter! asian gurr naturarry beautifur!!! i ruv white boi and his warret! i ruv baby white critty!
bitter and frustrated gookcel cope
Lol
i 2/10 ching chong gurr! i ruv suck da white boy titty and his rittr critty! i never use firter on my webcarm!
gookcel absolutely FOAMING right now
Lmao
Kek even
i ruv my white warret rery rery much! i rike tiny white critty! i neber use firter! i so beautifurrr! ching chong gurr so beautifur! make beautifur erriott!
bro what is happening in this thread
gookcels being laughed at by women
Business as usual.
i end your broodrine, but its okay. rite race dying anyway! i ruv rite critoris! death to arr white peeparr! you need breed da beautifurr orientar gurr rike me!
Pretty sure its a tranny arguing with himself from his iPhone and PC and larping as two diff people. 
He was here 22 hours straight yesterday. Weird huh?
this makes 20 threads to cope and seethe
What BWC does to rice grains kek
maybe it's the US government trying to combat chinese internet warfare
oh horney, rook at our beautifurr rite son! he have down sryndrome, but dart okay! he rook rike a famous horryrood actor when he grow up! rearry!!!
Bro this is fucking pathetic even for this board. Are you just trying to get your moneys worth out of the $20 you spent on a 4chan pass or something? Do you just absolutly not have a life? Like Jesus Christ dude go play a game or something. Hell do something crazy and go touch grass. Public parks are free. The sunshine might be good for you cause im willing to bet money that yo haven't seen the sunlight for at least 3 days. I swear to god whenever I'm feeling bad about myself or my life I just come to this board, cause I see shit like this and it makes me feel so much better about myself. Despite my problems at least I have somewhat of a life compared to these posters.
Gookcels are WMAF enthusiasts
If I had the generic engineering power, I'd make it so that every asian male to be born becomes a girl instead, and convert all current Asians into women.
We get a lot more qt Asian chicks and ricecels don't have to worry about competing with whites anymore, since they'll be the gfs.
