everybody lets wish our queen bac a happy birthday
she looks like she does heroin
She died of overdose
dam rip
again we only have your word for it. I want death certificates, doctors notes, orbituaries to proof shes dead and no that crappy facebook screenshot isn't proof enough
I wonder how many cocks she is sucking in hell
Sorry buddy your cope already got BTFO earlier today, I'm guessing that's why you remade this thread?
I did not know she was dead. I take back all the sexual stuff.
only her "dad" confirmed it with the shitty facebook screenshot thats probably fake anyway. is this YOUR cope, Ciara? pretending you're dead? you were loser then and you're a loser now
i know &lt;333 heroin chic
forever with us in our hearts and minds >>73031670
beautiful angel ciara u retard
true ive searched but never found any
no i made this thread not him
I'm guessing you guys are newfaggots pretending you were around when Ciara was. Unfortunately, the archive exists and anyone can search for CONFIRMED DEAD and sort by oldest. So I guess you didn't try too hard when you were searching for evidence. Let me help you out. Picrel is JT who found the dead junkie. (JT was the guy she was cheating on Jay in the hotel room with, I'm guessing your Ciara lore isn't great, being newfriends).
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/56728678
when someone dies people usually move on and they're never mentioned again, but Ciara seems to get mentioned everywhere, here, on /b/ and other boards, reminding everyone she is dead. 
Why is that? why are you trying to convince everyone she has died even though NO ONE ASKED
She is/was genuinely attractive. But she also strikes me as some kind of fucking supervillain
no i was there when it allegedly happened and ive seen everything surrounding it long ago but theres still no 100% proof so theres a chance 
thats a good point maibe something is behind that narrative
Wow how do you go from benzos to heroin so fast
wew lad
lollll Ciara was such a piece of shit
who in their right mind would admire that
10s of drugs
100s of dicks
1000s of simpbux
disgusting
u buy heroin instead of benzos on the dnm the customer experience is pretty much the same 
theres evidence but nothing 100% certain, no verifiable official proof
be nice its her birthday
