Autists need to be aborted.
Autists need to be euthanized.
#AbortAutisticFetuses
Promoting euthanasia for spergs is a necessity
the most worthless autist is still more useful to society than the average woman
pathologically not being able to give a shit about others
no way this kind of irony exists unironically, this has to be bait
Yes, society would rather have more cringy sanic the edgehog OC DO NOT STEAL self-inserts and mass shooters than female doctors. Makes total sense.
Wrong. Autists can't be smart or contribute anything of worth. It's a myth to believe in smart autists. Normies are just better.
And even if they are useful they should still not exist. Won't somebody thing of the pigs ? Autists don't deserve love.
all these greentexts prove is the writer has no idea what autism is
just blind hatred grasping at straws
just blind hatred grasping at straws
The CC and lolcor userbase is just as autistic and socially maladjusted as every other imageboard milieu kek
Cope. We should alienate and ostracize autists.
i didnt allege that they were any better or worse than anyone
merely that the concept described was ignorant, emotional, and immoral 
if i was id say this
this greentext was definitely written by female hands
why is the counter movement so rude, bros? all we said was that we wanted gfs
That's antisocial personality disorder, not asd
You said that women should be raped and are nothing more than sex objects. Also several of you have went on murdering sprees. Average violent moid tendencies.
No I didn't. 
This is an original comment
for the longest time, it's been commonly agreed that it's the man's fault for not being good enough
we dared to point out that women are fucked up just as much if not worse
sympathy for men isn't a thing in society though, especially coming from women, as you may observe from the hate filled psycho rants that op posted
Would this not inspire autists to just strike first and slaughter everyone who thinks this way?
i could sit here and argue but i'm just going to link these threads instead
sympathy for men isn't a thing in society though, especially coming from women, as you may observe from the hate filled psycho rants that op posted
But you guys will do anything other than give an ear to women's suffering. Why do you think you deserve sympathy?
This is why the autistic neurostate must rise.
These are all written by a man, do with that what you will
whore who fucks 900 chads and has kids in her 30's and 40's kills her old children
smugly encourages killing males with autism, but not females with autism
these are the same girls who run away from wars while their men get raped, castrated and genoicded by the other side
this is what you chose, simps, cucks, and feminists
No empathy for autists
women's "suffering" is all this board talks about, analyzing and overanalyzing every aspect of the female life, only to prove again and again that men will always win the misery contest
the truth is men are the ones struggling, all the talk about us oppressing women is a fantasy, if anything i bet most women would rather like that, as the fucked up masochists they are
its tilting seeing smug females abuse their power in genocide of males they dont like
but at the same time, i think theres merits to eugenics to remove autism from the gene pool. the merits of autism are obsolete already
it doesnt really matter now, because soon we will have the singularity and ai, and all this stuff will be irrelevant, but holy jesus is it tilting seeing smug females, who have everything in the world, support male death
and you know they dont care about morals, because all of them eat meat
the reason why im still alive, is to witness the singularity. it will be either the apocalypse or a utopia, either way human problems will be solved
women's "suffering" is all this board talks about, analyzing and overanalyzing every aspect of the female life, only to prove again and again that men will always win the misery contest
The only analysis of women's problems happening here is writing off their concerns and then making everything about yourselves. You retards don't even pretend to not be virulent misogynists
It should be illegal for autists to get gfs
i've never said that. i've complained about their rape fetish and overall character since being blackpilled, but it's mostly just
tfw no gf
The women having autistic babies are themselves autistic and their husbands are autistic as well. Autistic people are attracted to each other. There wouldn't be a way to abort autistic babies because autism is actually based around a personality type and is a spectrum not an on or off switch.
society would rather have more cringy sanic the edgehog OC DO NOT STEAL self-inserts and mass shooters than female doctors.
exactly, female doctors could never be as good as male ones
im glad you understand
i wish someone would murder me
Autistic people care plenty about other people, they just don't have the theory of mind to understand how to make other people happy.
comes to autist board on autist website to post someone else's rant on autism
I'm just glad I'm not whatever OP is. A norm-nigger that has to shit on autists because he's so low on the totem pole there's no one else? Oof. Imagine being normal and not making it. Tragic.
I love being Asperger's. This thread is not about me, but about retards who put crayons up their noses.
The writer it's autistic, has the mental health of a lolcow and you can't convince me of anything else
I'd rather spend time with screeching autists than screeching women.
Its instinctual to the autist, this creature though she chooses to be this asspained.
I have autism and I agree.
I wish I were never born, and agree that we should develop technology that either detects autism before birth in male fetuses at least so that they can be aborted, or technology that can eliminate any chance of the conception of an autistic male ever happening.
This but also for autistic women. Kill any and all deformed/mentally ill babies.
Yuh. If they spouting this shit then maybe they should give us an example from their own group on how we should do it cause after all, we are autistic :^)
