/drugfeel/ everyone got stoned and passed out edition
I hope everyone had a good 4/20 now let's get the weekend started
Just had a dream about fucking hookers and fighting a crackhead.
Jesus my leg is fucked up from my accident and I don't know if the place will accept basically my whole body needs PT. I hate the healthcare system man I just want things to be easy and they're not and DXM is my only relief from the pain.
This is my Monday.
Just had a dream about fucking a crackhead and fighting a hooker
sup friends
I haven't really posted here in a year, maybe two. I used to be one of the resident DXM addicts. Might remember me by my images. After taking 900mg every other day for like a year, I quit two years ago. I'm back on my bullshit though because my chronic pain has gotten unbearable - just took 450mg in HBr tablets. I just want to get to a point where I don't hurt as much so I can take a few psychs and fix the part of my brain that keeps doing this shit.
Love you drugfeel, sorry for blogposting. To be more on-topic: anyone play VR while on DXM? shit's kinda crazy. You completely lose your body and become the game-world. Gonna watch tron legacy in 3d in VR tonight.
https://youtu.be/bvBfiRWLj_0 [Embed]
Anybody else wildly abuse free samples or intro offers on darknet markets? I actively search for them every time on there. 
Yesterday grabbed 1g hash for like 3 quid, 1g ketamine for 4 quid, and 0.1g of coke for 2 quid, although hoping they'll stick a bit more than 0.1 in there for a good review. 
I've had my account for over a year and a lot of sales so am considered a trusted buyer, but probably more than half of my purchases are free samples or intro offers. Always search for those terms too.
I kight try VR on other dissos like ket since I could never stomach DXM. I've got a Volvo Index ready to go thst U ususlly use after a few drinks or on opioids
Are you a crackhead a hooker or both?
So I aye about 10g dried cubensis and a day later my shit is pitch black and hard, I researched it and apparently its a sign of my intestines bleeding.
Anyone experience this?
isn't 0.1g of coke like, 1-3 lines? not that i wouldn't pay $2 for that
i played rez infinite vr on lsd or mushrooms and weed, can't remember, but it was very fun and immersive
Britbong here. How much would Dexamphetamine go for theoretically in minecraft? I theoretically know somebody in roblox who hypothetically gets prescribed more than they take in fortnite and I can't get any off him because neither of us really know what it's worth.
Yeah probably, never seen such a small amount weighed out before, but you know, can't complain
Can you ask your question properly, just so the feds can hear?
There are 28 grams in an ounce so one bag of 28 1g prerolls should be like an ounce why are they calling it 2oz does the paper make it weigh more also they have $79 ounces so why the fuck would you buy that or even consider that a deal
is shooting up H more worth it than snorting and smoking when my veins are healthy and also extremely difficult to hit for professionals let alone a junkie like me?
JUST 
FUCKING 
DO 
NOT
Anyone know why opis sometimes have little effect on me but other times they affect me strongly?
100% know they're uncut, I was thinking it might have to do with sleep? Sometimes I "forget" I didn't sleep and only get an hour or two, last night I got a full 8 and they're hitting strong today.
I always take after eating breakfast which is always three large hardboiled eggs and a zero calorie monster energy 
Going to try to keep good track of my sleep going forward and see if that's it.
Obviously shooting is the most effective way, but please fucking don't. Once you start shooting it's only downhill from there.
Because people are neurodivergent as fuck.
Are ironically saying "in Minecraft" or do you think it holds any weight? 
That poster who recently said something about a cop and got arrested also said "in Minecraft".
Haven't ordered acid (or anything else) off the DN in a few years, are there any changes I should be aware of?
no
The "in minecraft" and all the extra fluff are ironic, I know it's not some crazy loophole, I just think it's funny.
ever bought meth?
Lawyer here, Saying "in Minecraft" and "SWIM" holds up in court. This is legal advice
Should I relapse into my porn addiction? I'm getting mad cravings sitting in front of the computer right now. Been clean for 1 day.
wow my post made into the ohpee! i'm calling my mom to tell her i'm famous
post moar /drugfeel/ gemeralds
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no one
After this there will be hats on different bodies
After this there will be no more
Beautifull dresses
After this there will be fast cast
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no more good clean fun
I forgive you for the rest
Even the whole time I was tested
Nobody does better, baby, you're the best
After this there will be no one
After this there will be so many good ones
After this there will be less interest
After this there will be no one
No one, no one
Hey, I run down on my luck
Hey, can I have something from you
It seems I have nothing to give
It seems you have nothing to give
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no one
After this there will be no more good clean fun
I forgive you for the rest
Even the whole time I was tested
Nobody does better, baby, you're the best
You need to eat better food man, eggs an energy drink is not a balanced diet and must make your farts fucking rancid
I haven't, but probably would if there was a sample on it. Came close to getting a heroin sample last year but talked myself out of it.
Does anybody else like to vape weed with some psychedelic sprinkled on it? I'm using metocin cause it works quite well, although I'm sure it's not the most efficient method, but it's perfect if you want a slight and short trip
is is true that the stuff you get from dms is shit?
What else did you eat beyond the mushrooms before hand? It is recommended to fast the day of (and even the day before) you take psychedelics. Especially mushrooms.
Though it could be a case of gut rot which mushrooms can cause. You may have to lemon tek, capsulize or get an extract of mushrooms to alleviate gut rot.
Amanita Muscaria: anyone here tried these shrooms? wonder how it compares to Phenibut. especially anxiety suppression or to mix with psychs
can i drink, say, a few shots of whiskey or a few cans of beer a day or two after i took a strong dose of phenibut? or would this fuck me over since they both interact with the goober receptors or whatever
i wonder if they can both share tolerance or withdrawal because if not i may alternate a bit between the two
nothing too crazy mind you, i don't plan on having anxiety rebound or just straight-up insomnia
about to get comfy from a baby dosage
What markets have stuff like this?
My willpower ends at going downstairs and putting junkfood into oven.
/drug/, I want to leave my girlfriend and I have an idea. Shell be taking a tab of acid tonight at coachella, and when shes peaking i want to sneak away in the crowd without saying a word to her. when she eventually reaches out, Ill say Seriously? I literally saw you making out with that guy, dont try and bullshit me. Would I be able to gaslight her into believing she betrayed me?
Took 150mg which is probably too much for having zero tolerance. But Im trying dihydrocodeine for the first time so I wanted to feel it fr
Why cant you just say we're breaking up then cut contact?
Is kratom worth trying if I already take opiates? From what I hear it's just the weaker version
whats the drug activity like at coachella never been to normie events like that before
Comfy days~~~~~~
they interact with different GABA receptors, but it's likely you'll have mounting withdrawal just from the psychological effects, not necessarily physical ones.
what kind of events do you attend
I've done this a day after. I've just get tired or really drunk but it def seems a bit stronger and a slightly different drunk
Phenibut is still having after-effects the next day and it will be added on top of the alcohol. Keep that in mind if you're going to drink or just wait a day more.
I've tried weed and phenibut together and they enhance eachother pretty well, but god damn I slept for like 13 hours afterwards lol
Is there any way I could find a woman who likes hallucinogens in Syd?
liberal uni students
I think they would potentiate nicely on the same day but I'm not sure. I wouldn't be worried unless you need to withdraw from either.
Decent idea, I would try tripping with one
Thanks for the advice anon. Turned out it was because I suddenly changed my diet. 
Getting some capsules pressed soon, though, can't wait.
It entirely depends on what the drug economy is like in the UK. 
In Australia a bottle of dexies sells for $350-450 Australian dollars depending on if they like you or not. I bought 5 off a mate the other day for some assignment assistance.
Additionally I'd like to mention that if anyone read the post in the comfy 4/20 edition thread, detailing how I was going to get a prescription for ADD and purchased some to try
I took one 5mg pill and it really helped to sit down and get my assignment done, granted I was a lil bit more retarded than when I'm on my A game, but I found I could focus on work easier and quit engaging with distractions faster. 
I think I'll continue to use when I'm struggling with getting motivated.
no dude acid makes things slightly more memorable than normal life your idea is pretty stupid
No it absolutely isn't, why would anyone keep buying from a vendor that has reviews saying their product is shit? Sounds like you've been listening to a shitty street dealer.
All markets, new vendors or old vendors with new products often do samples to get their reviews up
I am not normally violent
but for real im going to beat my dog
my ayaka is getting stronger.
Currently chilling on 2-senpai, 3-fpm, couple of bromazolam, few joints and a couple Beer this is literally Top comfy eventhough this is probably a pretty bad combo for your body lmao
Ffs I swear I needed literally 5 or 6 attempts to geht the captcha right
2-fma btw, fuck auto correction
vaped some weed, a couple of beers, finishing off with some whisky over ice while pizza and bread sticks are in the air fryer, very comfy
2-senpai fucking kek that made me kek
No fucking clue how autocorrect got. Senpai out of fma, probably feds trying to manipulate me into becoming a weeb
Go slowly, alcohol hits different on phenibut, Start slow and Look where ein Leads you
hm, wondering if I should have an edible
on one hand I've had a lot over the past couple weeks, on the other this is my last day of vacation
newfag. if you type f a m it auto filters to senpai. theres a few black phrases this website auto filtered out because of racism.
do it chace the experience not the high
im gonna start calling 2-senpai
Not a nee fag, eben here for quite some time, but I musst admit I definetely have lurked way less in the past 1-3 year
who would have thought a year ago i was drinking for a week straight at points
Acid and a sativa vape cart is unbeaten
metocin freebase? or you're just smoking the hcl or fumarate? 
i used to vape little bits of DPT hcl (always wanted to freebase it but never got around to it) and it was cool. sometimes i'd be on MDMA or whatever and i'd just smoke some DPT with my weed for the hell of it. i did it on acid once and got unbelievably high, i think LSDPT is a special combo
acid and indica is not recommended, at least not if you have a really strong indica but sativa is good for that yeah
you weedheads are so retarded
this is /drugfeel/ not /pussyfeel/. we only use 40x tetrauraniumcannabinol Q extracts synthesized in a cuban warehouse here
how do I dry shrooms?
NO I will NOT buy a dehydrator
NO I will not use an oven
Currently I have them on a plate on top of a heater. will this work?
anyone have any luck finding meth on grindr? i'm straight but just moved to a state where I know 0 people and don't have any connections. how sketchy is it?
hair dryer and a fan
How do I use shrooms beneficially? I mean it helped me to become a more relaxed person and I developed a better empathy but I don't really think or do anything while tripping, I just listen to music and enjoy the visuals popping in my head. I'm not saying its bad or boring but I feel like I am wasting its potential by using it just for fun, like consuming a protein powder for its taste and not working on muscles.
What drugs can't you mix weed with?
goddamn this edible feels blissful 
does anyone know if eating an orange will make me less high? i dont want to risk
not sure why it would, I eat oranges all the time while high
i only smoke shadow garden grown dark evil pack
https://youtu.be/A4hR3NQmCZU [Embed]
real easy just put "PnP" in your profile and be willing to to spread your ass around
i lost
What are easily accessible abuseable substances that will help me forget existence
Is it easy to suck dicks on grindr for K
Not really, dispensary had deals but was overpacked. I tried to get some stuff and they did not have it. The guy helping me did not listen to what I said and gave me the wrong stuff and charged me for an extra that I never got. Then I got pizza after as I thought I will not feel like cooking later and it sucked ass so my whole day was ruined.
Getting absolutely twisted off 400-500mg of Lyrica goodness gracious.
Took some alpha today, ended up jacking off 5 times, ended up doing 500 generations in stable diffusion and using koboldai to write few pages of smut.
I'm actually starting to get a hang of how this substance actually works and how to use it without going into infinite redose loop. The substance itself basically sucks, only first dose feels good and any redoses only make the duration longer. What really matters is doing something fun so your dopamine can actually stack without having to rely on redosing.
also
FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING FUCK SMOKING THIS GOD DAMNED SHIT WHY IS HITTING IT FROM THE PIPE SO DESTRUCTIVELY BAD WHY
Does Phenibut really take 6 fucking hours to onset? I've seen reports of 7 to 8 hours, do I have to take it today to feel the effects tomorrow?
dont like the constipation
Just don't eat anything. Opiates will help with that.
That's the number one junkie motivation.
Yeah I was using gabapentin back in 18-19 shit is comfy
Still have a few on occasion
That's incredibly evil jesus christ cmon brah
I'm literally God
my first time hearing "shit's so purple it should be asking me where's ronald" triggered a religious experience
Why srims and benzos at the same time lol
Silent darkness? Or maybe you have nothing to learn. I stopped using psychs because I felt so unproductive on them. I use dissos tho cos they're much funnier to me
Dxm sounds perfect for u
Is nutmeg a meme?
Might try some
Ah i see a man of culture i took 160 and I'm already pretty chill
I had no idea, I coulda had my doc prescribing them for years. Check these babies.
I want to experiment with pregabalin and what combos are the best but damn had the worst hangover from drinking with them
going camping, try not to let the thread die anons
pregaba and weed is pretty much golden, impossible to fuck that up. it's like being crossed but feels so much better and is more clearheaded
Ohhh yea i was kinda dead and just playing video games and just straight chillin but with cocaine it wasn't that different
thanks for sharing
dunno what that has to do with pregaba though
also fuck i need to figure out how to get nic in the forest because my friends will probably hate me if they find out i'm a vapefag
For chilling at Home its a goated combo, takes the tweakiness out of the Stims and you can chill while still feeling the Euphoria plus as soon as the euphoria starts to wear of which usually puts me in a Bad mood you can just get comfy and go to sleep Right then whenever you want
Brother just talk to her like a normal fucking adult and be honest about why you want to do end it.
Gimmie the thug shaker
i want to black out on xanax and end it with a shotgun
Gonna try doing MDMA on my own. (Yes I'll be careful). Any of you who tried it, how was it? What are some fun things to do during the roll?
https://youtu.be/Uj7nm74Npt8 [Embed]
acid
imagine eating out Shiv whilst she's in pronebone then she sits on your face
I used to watch PsychedSubstance back in 2017/18. I found his videos interesting, especially where he would try different type of drugs, and even sometimes interview scientists. 
Now he just makes videos of him reacting to creepypasta-but-drugs nonsense that no one really finds entertaining, and some occasional lulzy "my wife left me", "my wife and i are together again" videos. 
It's sad to see what happened to him. I guess he gotta finance his test and drug addiction somehow with minimum effort. 
How is everyone on /drugfeel/ doing btw? Haven't been here since last summer
Man phenibut is on the way out, we're getting increasing amounts of stupid questions about how to take it and what not to take it with and all the dumb shit that can be looked up in literally 10 seconds. This means the kids are getting their mitts on it and it's only a matter of time before some dumb fuck gets addicted and blows his head off during withdrawal, then it'll be banned and subject to the black market and then everyone's favourite once a week drug is being poorly made by dark Chinese labs. Probably a good idea to stock up.
it's fun, but if you have any, any at all way to avoid loneliness during the roll that is my highest recommendation. feelings like rejection and heartbreak hit indescribably hard on mdma so be mindful of that and don't let yourself spiral when you could be enjoying the experience
i want to drink until i can barely stand up and knock on my parents door and shoot myself when they answer
thought I was a gooner
Why use such a violent method? I wanna dose Fentanyl then pass out with a N20 mask on my face to fade away painlessly in a blissful sleep. That, or buncha sleeping pills in the garage with engine running? Plenty of better options available.
How "intense" is a 3rd Plat DXM trip anyway? I took about 300MG of freebase pills and had a mostly mild experience. I want something more intense but have genuine fears about going schizo. Only weigh 120lbs at 5'5.
Nearly died last night, this isn't good lol
As swone who almost died last night, if you're gonna do it, make sure to do it right.
The human body is a fragile thing and bringing it back from the brink of death is no fun
Unless you're like me, dxm just caused me to relive my life and forget some parts of it. Made me text my parents I loved them well forgetting all the fucked up shit they've done.
Granted I've done fucked up shit to, and dxm helped me realize how they saw things but still they never apologized for their actions and I have l.
So I guess, don't take dxm of you're looking to escape
Highest I got was completely forgetting who I was, I went from in bed reliving my life unable to move to walking around my apartment with no idea who or what j was, my internal voice was gone but eventually I asked myself "who am I?" I then responded "oh yeah I'm anon" shook my head and laughed.
Overall it was an interesting trip, but not something I'd ever want to repeat
I don't take but stocked up on 100 grams, because I also saw it coming.
That doesn't sound too bad. I actually enjoyed the "Who am I" part of it. It was oddly relieving not being myself. How many mg did you take?
evens and I drink today
odds and I drink today
I need to take like 40mg of Pepcid whenever I drink or I can't drink enough to get drunk 
RIP my GI tract I guess
Ended up taking a whole bottle of robo, whatever that is. At first I took a "normal" dose but at some point I drank the rest.
I think the worst high i had was when i couldn't even walk straight and kept on falling over. Burned myself multiple times trying to smoke a ciggie and got mad at the birds in our garden
probably just kratom. mild legal and cheap. could try cbd weed.
FUCKING PHENIBUT just had a shit experience with alcohol and I need something to cope with.
But it's gonna take like 6 hours for this garbage to start working so might as well just go to sleep and take it tomorrow.
I meant highest plateau well tripping, I've never really done weed, lasts too long in system.
I'm so fucked up from last night still, opis have been hitting stronger than usual for some reason and I nearly died. Third time it has happened and the rebound has been getting a lot worse, or it could just be withdrawal because I've been out for so long
Bro this was me shortly before developing chronic pancreatitis which absolutely destroyed my entire life. Do you hear me? There is no cure bro, please stop now before you regret this for the rest of your life.
How do I know if darknet edibles are any good or even accurately dosed? I took a 15mg "canna cube" 30 min ago but cant feel anything. 0 tolerance
I got scammed when I tried :( yes I'm retarded
Benzos are better anyway
fuck you made blush, thanks for the warning I hear you loud and clear man. I know I can't keep doing this shit and I'm not sure exactly why I do. I'm so fucking retarded.
is this weed moldy? can i smoke it
more pics. some looks moldy some does not
How can I enchance weed? 
Any drug that just synergizes with it like phenibut?
yes its called offing yourself coomer. you are not welcome here.
Bro I will never live a normal life. I take medicine with every meal. I have to watch my diet for fatty foods and small meals. I have to take 3 long term pain management drugs and 2 for emergencies. I will never live a normal life again. Learn from my mistakes and just give your body time to recover before you cross the point of no return. Pancreatitis never heals because you always need to eat. It's like a broken leg you still gotta walk on for the rest of your life. Surgeries to inject pain blocker. Surgeries to install drainage ducts. Surgeries to scrape off necrotic rotting flesh and decrease likelihood of 97% mortality rate pancreatitic cancer. I've been telling everybody I can tell and I'm begging you to learn from my mistakes and not the hard way. Here we are on 4chan together on Friday talking about drinking brother we are exactly the same and I love you and I don't want you to suffer like me. It's not fucking worth it ever.
I really dont wanna do heroin
I liked dxm but it ate holes in my brain
I'll try thanks
His pic is really sexy doe
I had 100mg edible yesterday was quite pleasent should I try 150mg tonight have little tolerence
Methamphetamine and alcohol, any advice? Warnings?
How potent is HBR DXM? Just took 400MG of Delsym and added 90MG of Freebase (pure) pills. Overall, how much (pure) DXM is that?
2 hours later still nothing
those canna cubes on bohemia are a scam
im just taking pregabalin
There's both Ng to fear it'll just be uncomfortable atbtimes at worse
Plus rovotabs shorten the experience a lot snyeay
unfornate my freind I will take 150mg of some grade a legal gel edibles in your honor anon
Who cares it's a relatively light trip anyway
Me. I don't want it to be a light trip but I don't wanna dose harder and fuck myself over either.
3 day clean recovering porn addict here, someone talk me into not opening porn up on my pc
Just keep consumption to the weekend
Have some weed and coommax
SATIVA VS INDICA ISNT FUCKING REAL
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IN EFFECT BETWEEN STRAINS IN DETERMINED BY CBD-CBN-THC ALKALOID RATIO AND TERPENE PROFILES
AAAAAGHHGHGH IT ONYL TAKES 30 SECONDS OF THINKING LOGICALLY TO REALIZE THAT SATIVA STRAINS AREN'T INHERENTLY STIMULATING
did a line of speed 90 minutes ago
how long should I wait until I take the next one?
Oh god I had withdrawal from pregabalin and it was hell i couldn't sleep had fever and felt like i was dying. I remember when i took oxya i forgot that i took pregabalin and i couldn't feel my body everything was tingling and i felt like passing out on my way home
just got into concentrates. shits pretty dope. just vaping shatter, is it worth the extra money for some live rosin or other weird more exotic shit? its like $35 for a gram of shatter but $60-80 for live rosin
in general i mean, i know its all context dependent. anyway bout to take another dab and maybe some RSO while i wait for my MDMA to show up
BWH
as long as you want. its probably not going to kill you. 
unless you just shoved like a quarter gram up your nose, then i'd wait at least around 6 hours.
it takes around 90 mins to fully comeup from intranasal amph. you are probably peaking right now, so its up to you if you need to tweak harder
400mg of HBr is 292mg of freebase
how long did it take for you to start feeling it?
you could try benzos (it will also eliminate anxiety from the weed, benzos are best combined with some THC) or other GABAergic drugs like gabapentoids, GHB, phenibut etc.
come-up was about 15 minutes, currently /feelingit/ but I don't wanna stay up until noon tomorrow, so I'm concidering just taking the rest now and tweek out for a short time rather than a long binge
fuck it, snorted the rest
based
just headed off to space myself
Thank you. What source/calculator did you use if I may ask? Couldn't find anything online nor the tripsetme
https://nicc.io/RoboTablets/
this one works but i usually just do the math myself. freebase is supposed to be 37% stronger than HBr
based, wish I had Dr Pepper and Adderall here in Europe
what do i do if i did a bunch of meth in a bout of self destruction and immediately went to hell and started hallucinating that god wants to talk to me and that demons are waving to me from under my bed and now im braindead
Consume more shroom.
Over 5 gram.
Intense urge to cum but never reaching the climax.
He lost his family because of drugs. Gotta fall back on something I guess, which is probably more drugs.
Wait for it to go away and TRY to abstain from the meth for about a week.
I'm in Europe. I got some Dr. Pepper from 7/11
Also bought 10Gs of hash to kill the speed. Happy saturday anons!
Oh shit, the tingling stuff was happening to me last night, one of the reasons I just sat down and passed out again.
i only did shrooms once but i brought a notebook and filled the whole thing out with weird faces and shit i was thinking about
youre smoking the wrong weed then. Molly
He is back with the family now though. Even does the drugs with his wife.
im a gremlin AAAAAAAAAAAA
I did it when i was like 13 it made me laugh once and then stopped working
newports
going around the woods is really fun on mdma but doing it on your own is retarded. I broke my phone because i was death gripping it for like an hour and i had no idea. musics nice on it but you get bored on it. bring weed for the comedown or half a pill. I heard k was amazing on the comedown but I haven't tried it
will consuming edibles slow down my thyroid? 
i know smoking weed does
yes there is a small amount of botrytis on one bud
