In the 50 years since the last legal barriers to women's participation in society were removed, they have become increasingly dominant in education, politics, and the arts. This fact alone proves that women have taken control. Additionally, women are increasingly taking the lead in relationships, with more and more of them identifying as dominant, while at the same time more and more men identify as submissive. The truth is, you are much more likely to see a wife leading her husband around on a leash today than vice versa. As women's gains in society continue, we can expect to see this trend to accelerate, eventually culminating in a social awakening where men get down on their knees in complete submission, acknowledging female supremacy.
im not reading all this retard shit take it back to your raidplanning discord moron touch grass
stop taking stupid pills
I concur. I am a submissive male and I only date women who agree to be dominant. I encourage every woman I've ever talked to to dominate me
 increasingly dominant in education, politics
One reason why this is happening is women don't want to manual labor or minimum wage jobs where you can't sit down. So they go to university and get meme degrees
Another reason is they want to have power. They obsess over control because they know they don't have it. That's why they talk about the eason men rape them 
in a faggoty way. They also want control over their rape fantasies because anyhow how is it rape if you want it to happen and you decide how it happens?
and the arts
They've always loved the arts
l only want to submit to one woman.
 increasingly dominant in education, politics
One reason why this is happening is women don't want to manual labor or minimum wage jobs where you can't sit down. So they go to university
and get meme degrees. Another reason is they want to have power. They obsess over control because they know they don't have it
That's why they talk about the eason men rape them in a faggoty way. They also want control over their rape fantasies because anyhow 
how is it rape if you want it to happen and you decide how it happens?
and the arts
They've always loved the arts
FORMATTED BETTER*
As women's gains in society continue, we can expect to see this trend to accelerate, eventually culminating in a social awakening where men get down on their knees in complete submission, acknowledging female supremacy.
You were right until this part, where you expose yourself as a roleplaying coomer. There will probably be severe backlash against 'feminism' in the next few decades.
The point is that you SUBMIT, whether to one goddess or several.
Of course I notice this. It is the natural order for women to dominate.
