go on a date with a girl 
she tells me she thinks the moon landings were faked
pussy is pussy, dude
woman has some batshit entirely irrational view based on nothing more than hearsay
Talking to women is like sprinting through a minefield, like i want to show them how retarded 90% of the things they believe are(or at least the reasons they believe), but if i do theres approximately 0 chance of ever going anywhere with them
based. marry her
This is a rare instance in where the girl you've met is actually smarter than you and more well researched yet you're not even aware of this. Anyone who believes the moon landings were real is a lost cause. You've found a treasure you cannot possess nor even know the value of.
If that's your mentality then it explains why you don't get pussy lol. 
believes in the moonlanding
hahahahahahahahahaaha
She set out feelers for a vibe check and you failed it. I'm sorry but you weren't meant to be with her to begin with.
You were supposed to tell her how the Holocaust didn't happen in return
My mom doesn't believe in the moon landings.
that's a fucking keeper right der
Believing in midwit conspiracy theories is such a red flag for being a dumbass.
she tells me she thinks the moon landings were faked
Oh, so she's easy to manipulate into bed? Score.
trash took itself out i guess. think of the more inane stuff she would say once you got to know her better. wait, anon.... this could have potential for a lolcow.... pussy is pussy, right?
Whether the video is fake or not is still up for debate, so that's an understandable position. Furthermore, going to the moon served no purpose other than getting a win, and the means of doing so were simply absurd. Faking it would have made the most sense to everyone involved.
OP, you may not be smart enough for a conspiracy theory gf.
soviet union never disputed or denied the lunar landings as factual but it was a simple hoax to flex on them that even a sweaty loser can disaprove because... reasons
