Why are zoomers like this, what happened?
What the fuck l Iove zoomers now.
I don't know but I fucking hate it. I just want a guy to bend me over his knee and spank me whenever I do something he dislikes to correct my behavior, but all guys my age are gross subs.
Us gen Xers and also millennials were the exact same, this isn't exclusive to zoomers
That's what it's like between me and my gf! We're both zoomers. Love it
This is what zoomers wish their relationship looked like, but all the existing relationships look normal. Zoomers who wish this was them are all incels that never touched a woman.
Why are people always either one or the other?
Uhm, because this is awesome? Sorry you've never had a beautiful babe who will peg you.
true, I would love to spank a girl
very hawt im cooming rn
All you twinks and femboys can come to Korea.
Daddy Korea will treat you very nicely.
We need sauce on this. Don't let us down OP.
god i wish i had a zoomer gf
Meh, they should be going ass to ass with a double dildo instead.
Fuck off slant and stop shitting up attempts of other people to shit up this board.
Based, this is the only variety of roastie I can somewhat respect i.e. the kind who also likes male girls and pegs them.
Speaking as a millennial guy who no longer tortures himself by having vagina girlfriends and just enjoys the internet company of trannies now.
Predictable and not kino.
Your 'men' are built for BKC and theirs nothing you can do about it.
you stopped going outside
How does going outside prevents pegging?
If anything to get girl to peg you, you must first go out to meet her.
Y'know- OUTSIDE
Said outside seems more dangerous than inside.
Anon, are you trying to gaslight us?
this is what all moids deserve, zoomers or not
Let me be your moid then
Sure showed him!
What if they dont want it tho?
because we saw that masculinity was an exploitative prison so we broke out!
dont care, what the moid wants is irrelevant
good!
I hope you whatever chad gives you this doesn't stick around and pumps and dumps you!
sub girls are gross and it's because of them that we have violent chads who hurt people everywhere, because sub girls encourage that behavior!
Why are you pretending to be a girl?
Dunno, sounds like some sort of mushroom.
Damn that's Hennessy from the old assteenmouth dot com. Must be a nice change of pace for her to not be the one to have her asshole destroyed on camera for once
WHAT THE FUCK DO I HAVE TO DO TO GET THIS IT'S ALL I WANT IN THIS FUCKING WORLD
1. Buy a strapon
2. Go to fetlife and find a guy into pegging
3. Stop posting on 4cucks because of lack of free time due to all the guys you can peg now.
How much Japanese bussy do you fuck? They seem to have high supply and just small sea channel away from you.
Bad attempt at manipulating femanons into femdom
It me
Just missing the pegging gf
What's the source?
Considering the high amount of marriage between Korean men and Japanese women.
I bet theirs a high amount of Japanese bussy in Korea.
Sorry foid, but you won the gender wars. To the victors go the spoils. 
Stop being such sore winners.
They aren't.
But how can say they aren't, when there are clear cherrypicked examples of the contrary, hmmmmm?
I don't understand this. Why would I bother to parent someone who does something I don't like?
What are they putting in the water to make foids sexually aggressive like this?
Only 1 in a 1,000,000 women are like this. But thanks to the internet, every single woman like that can have videos of themselves, creating an illusion that it's more common than it is.
Porn addiction happened.
The more porn somebody consumes, the more likely they develop fetishes and a dysfunctional sexuality. Trannyism is a fetish, too, hence why it's so common today. It's why trannies make up like a couple percents of the general population but like 30% of any porn internet community and fetish forum.
It's your fault so I don't care lol
Its not foids becoming aggressive, its moids finding it attractive and internet making them seem more common
this would be a lot hotter if that was a real dick.
In my last job, a guy working there let his gf fuck his ass with a strap-on the worst part is he would tell everyone about it
