Maybe schools and parents should teach their children life skills and not throw them out at 18.
Most homeless people could give two shits less of bettering themselves. The only ones you see that are willing to do that are the ones who are either off the streets and in some sort of rehab or they're in the process.
The only ones that are left are the junkies and mental cases that feel their lives on the streets are much better than doing anything to better themselves.
Personally I think if you're homeless and are offered a program of support to get you off the street, clean and into proper society and you turn it down, you need to be culled. Either shipped off to an island or facility somewhere or just exterminated.
Working as intended, anon.
Doesn't exist in the US. Why not volunteer and start one yourself if you feel so strongly?
I have done homeless outreach in my own country. I have always had this inclining about homeless people, but I wanted to be there and see them first hand to know if I was right or wrong.
And lo and behold: I was absolutely right. Most of the people we tried to help had no interest in our assistance, despite having the resources (And funding) to get them into any number of programs:
Work study
But as soon as they saw that they would have to be held responsible to keep themselves clean and not tweak out at random people, they turned it down (Some even telling us to go fuck ourselves). The select few that DID accept were folks that were on downturn that had a lot of elements out of their control:
Rehabilitation
But as soon as they saw that they would have to be held responsible to keep themselves clean and not tweak out at random people, they turned it down (Some even telling us to go fuck ourselves). The select few that DID accept were folks that were on downturn that had a lot of elements out of their control:
Disability benefits
But as soon as they saw that they would have to be held responsible to keep themselves clean and not tweak out at random people, they turned it down (Some even telling us to go fuck ourselves). The select few that DID accept were folks that were on downturn that had a lot of elements out of their control:
Housing benefits
But as soon as they saw that they would have to be held responsible to keep themselves clean and not tweak out at random people, they turned it down (Some even telling us to go fuck ourselves). The select few that DID accept were folks that were on downturn that had a lot of elements out of their control:
Etc.
But as soon as they saw that they would have to be held responsible to keep themselves clean and not tweak out at random people, they turned it down (Some even telling us to go fuck ourselves). The select few that DID accept were folks that were on downturn that had a lot of elements out of their control:
And they legit just wanted to get back on their feet. So I can absolutely say that those that chose that life need be culled.
Just the ones that don't have housing or the assholes that tweak out at random people and make other's lives miserable but have a place to live too?
Which part makes them murder-able to you? Being weird shitheads or not having a place to live? If it's the former, why not murder all the shitheads? If it's the latter, why not just give them like a shitty apartment to call home so you won't want to execute them?
That's exactly what it is.'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UwR07I3WoI [Embed]
Homeless people ruining everywhere is also why I often have no choice but to pee in public or pee in my pants, because pic related.
Sounds like a good idea, but if we want to improve society we should start with the incels and incel-sympathizers as they are a bigger problem.
This. So much this. Origamiouo
