Am I a terf if I have sexual fantasies of hurting my trans friend?
I'm a terf but I masturbate to futa rape hentai. What does that make me?
Is your trans friend mtf or ftm?
Do you self insert as the futa or the person being raped
Mtf
Mtf
Then no. That's completely normal.
I can understand transphobes wanting to beat up a trans girl but they don't usually get off thinking about it right?
l assumed you were female. It's a bit odd if you're male.
I sometimes fantasize about ballbusting a mtf transperson while fucking them in the ass.
Like just some slaps but repeatedly
Person being raped. Maybe it's just one big humiliation fetish.
I am a cis woman / female
I'm scared of cis women and these threads prove it
what does that make me
being in denial
I'm sorry. I dont know what the hell is wrong with me, if it makes you feel better I am actually very supportive of trans people I just might be some kind of pervert
In denial of what though?
cis women are very cunning:
look cute
"a man is cuter than me, i must take her down a notch!"
look ugly
"hehe an inferior failed male to dominate. i will subtly reinforce my superiority by pokin at their insecurities"
I'd say you're in denial about liking that a woman with a dick has sexual intercourse with you
I would beat your ass and raip you with my cock.
Then make you listen to weird hypno stuff and become a good doll
I am a better woman than you since I have a cock.
larp false flag post not written by a real tranny. 99.5% of r9k posters are not really trannys so statistically you are fake.,
Op how do you imagine hurting your friend?
Maybe i'm fucked up but that sounds hot AS A FANTASY I would kill myself if I was ever raped by a tranny irl tho.
It's just a fantasy. Trannies are disgusting so the humiliation part of it is whats sexy.
I am real and I believe in MTF supremacy.
Not necessarily, it depends on why you want to do it, if it comes from hatred and disgust, then yes, if it's just what you're into there's nothing wrong with it.
I like to picture punching or kicking her a lot. Or more extreme things. Just a focus on inflicting physical pain on her, not like humiliation or whatever you'd usually associate with bdsm and stuff. But I usually get off thinking about what her facial expressions when I hurt her would be, or what she might be thinking. I feel like a monster saying all this though I would never do this for real. I care about her a lot why do I think this shit
It's just a fantasy.
Never heard that one before
trans friend?
No. Terfs don't have trans friends.
It's just a fantasy. Trannies are disgusting so the humiliation part of it is whats sexy.
Even if you get off to the humiliation, you desire a woman with a cock
I bet she only wants an attractive tranny to rape her mouth too. Would take some wind out of the "it's just about how disgusting and humiliating it is" part.
Well yea I would want a tranny who passes to do it. Not some AGP middle aged weirdo. The humiliation would be that a "woman" is raping me with "her" penis. Not just an ugly bastard raping me.
Lmaooooo, that single handedly proves OP isn't a terf then.
So why are you having a fantasy about being humiliated by the people you base your entire identity around raping you? That was a pretty big self report, but don't worry, we know all terfs desire the gock.
Not consensually though that's the thing. I don't "desire" it, it would be about rape force and humiliation. I have fantasies about men (which trannies are) raping me too.
Confirmed this is some kind of repressed desire thing for you
It doesn't really matter whether it's consensual or not, you still yearn for the gock, you should find a better way to express your desires than lashing out at the very thing that gets you wet, it's honestly pretty pathetic.
It's the rape and humiliation part. Not the tranny part. Thinking about fucking a tranny does not get me wet, thinking about being raped does.
That's hot as fuck Anon, d-do you want to do that maybe possibly... Haha, I jest... Unless.
And yet you walked into a thread that was specifically about trans women, curious, why didn't you just open your statement with "I masturbate to rape hentai"? You specified that it's "Futa rape hentai" it seems like that part is pretty important if you went out of you way to specify it in this thread about trans people.
why did you mention trannies in a threat about trannies?
You are a retard. Why would I enter a random threat talking about a fetish if it had no correlation? Op mentioned they fantasies about stuff with trannies, so I did as well.
Thank you for proving my point, you came here specifically because you are specifically attracted to trannies.
So don't try to deflect by saying "N-no you see, it's just the rape part" you literally think about trannies all day long as a fucking terf, that's so pathetic, holy shit.
You are no different than conservatives who bitch about trannies all day long, and then jerk off to them when no one's watching, find a better way to cope with your desires.
So youre just a pissed off tranny mad you that will ever be a woman? I see.
Mad that you will never be a woman*
Also to add I am a straight woman. Its not going against my sexuality because trannies are still men.
If it's sexual, I don't think so
LMAO We finally got to the ad homs part, you realize that there's virtually nothing you can tell me to piss me off now that i know you get so fucking moist over me, right? That being said, i bet i am more feminine looking than you, not a big accomplishment since most TERFs look like ogres, but still.
What a cope. I can just walk out of the house and be a woman. I dont need to do makeup, my hair, or put on my woman cosplay to be presentable. A tranny going into a TERF thread than seething is so pathetic. You know what they say is true and thats why it angers you so much. Just to add futa hentai is hot because they also have big dicks, not your HRT massacred cannot cum and is only 4 inches dick. Also I would only think about trannies who pass, so not getting moist over you.
Are you a radical feminist?
If not, then relax- you're not a TERF
If you are then yes you are.
Good thing i don't have to use a woman cosplay either, whatever that means, i pass pretty well, probably cause i started relatively young and looked girly even before hrt, but i don't expect you to believe me.
