Turned 24 today. Feel like I missed out on everything good about being young. Dating cute young girls, fun drunken nights, exploring your style and aesthetic, having independence. I missed out on all of it. I still with my parents. I can never get back those years, I can never have a fun friend group, I can never fuck 19 year olds, I can never start a punk band and play shitty house shows. I'm a loser.
its never too late anon
You can still have a fun friend group and if you're not ugly you can still get 19 year olds
People are more trouble than they're worth, you're doing everything right
Dating younger women in their prime is a Chad-only privilege.
drinking and partying's maybe not such a good idea, but you can still fuck hot teenage girls. once you turn 30 you'll be a lot more popular with the daddy issues crowd
Your entire post describes everything I felt on my birthday 4 months ago. The difference is I just turned 23. 
But I'm not ready to give up yet. There's still time for me
turned 24
my youth is goooone
neither your brain nor your body are fully developed 
and they probably never will be
you will never be a mature adult
No their isn't, if you're still a loser by like 18 years old theirs no hope. People and society wont see past that
same but i'm 26
Hey retard, I'm 27, married, and have a kid; you're not locked down to shit right now. Go to bars, get hammered, fuck sluts. It's literally that easy.
How is OP going to do that as an ugly incel with no confidence?
Hey retard you're still young til your mid thirties and even then, life ain't over til it's over. You can still go for the shit you want, just maybe think a little more
theres no time limit to life. 24 is not old u can still go get drink and do all that shit. i know loads of 19/20 year olds that would still fuck a 24 y/o.. get off ur ass and make it happen !
why would oyu have kjids whyth how shit the world is
the world has always been shit
You're bringing life into a world where even the smallest mistakes will be immortalized and able to be brought up instantly as social blackmail 
This is the worst time in history to be alive
yeah and normies are missing out on the doomer/hikomori/basement-dweller/incel/robot aesthetic. 
embrace being what you are man.
make being a loser your personality trait if it can help you cope.
ultimately you'll not care about that kind of shit at all.
but you need to grow the fuck up, in the head.
you're giving samsara too much credit.
and happy birthday btw
just stop caring bro
Non advice
I have a somewhat opposite problem, I did some of these young dumb things. Staying up partying, 3 am drunk wandering around the woods with your friends, big bonfires in your friends backyard cause his mom is out of the house all night doing meth, ditching school to hang with friends, etc etc. Wasnt a hyperchad or anything, only had 1 girlfriend briefly when I was 15 and a couple on an off friend with benefits. But, my 1st and only "proper" gf left me really jaded and apathetic to the idea of having an actual relationship, girls flirt with me and I flirt back but never actually do anything more. 
Now im 21, been working full time since I dropped out at 17, all my friends are working, went to college, or moved away. Only talk to 2 of them anymore and we get together maybe once or twice a year. I think if I never got to experience this stuff I wouldnt miss it so much. You missed out on a lot, but all you can really do is carry on.
Point is, grass is greener on the other side, just put it out of your mind and focus on work and your hobbies, and youll stop caring once you have a fulfilling pupose in life. Also, your not a loser for not doing this stuff. I work a dead end construction job for dirt pay and smoke 2 packs a day, and probably will die alone by 50. Im a loser despite doing most of the shit you described. Theres a lot of other stuff id like to say too, but im not writing my whole life story on /r9k/ at 10pm on a thursday.
I'm 27. I never finished college and still have this life. The fucking girls thing actually isn't a problem, there are quite a few slutty college girls who would agree to getting dicked down by you, especially while drunk. The other stuff I can see.
being a 22 year old and going out, meeting hot girls, and getting drunk
You can do all that now, anon, you're 24, but clearly you don't feel like you can, so explain what the specific feel is here?
can never start a band or play in shows
Peter Dinklage was a call center rep making 30k a year and living in a place without functioning pipes till he was 29 before he finally got his career off the ground, and di it as midget. Harrison Ford was a carpenter till 30. Like shit do you think there is a single 19 year-old who wouldn't have put out for prime Harrison Ford? 
Like shit anon what are your actual hangups here?
The fucking girls thing actually isn't a problem, there are quite a few slutty college girls who would agree to getting dicked down by you, especially while drunk
Only if you're tall, attractive, and have an outgoing personality
Why would you want any of that shit? Why do you want to fit in with normalfags that secretly hate you?
now you hurt my ego.
not caring is indeed the most effective cure to OP's woes. 
by cutting his attachement to desiring young love, he removes the root cause of his suffering. 
so the advice is to break free from attachement.
which takes effort.
so i redirect OP to the many teachings on that matter (the dharma, self-inquiry.. just to name a few) and pick the one that suits him best, ultimately leading him to self-realization.
Happy birthday op, I'm sorry you weren't feeling well
lmao i haven't given up on any of that and i'm 31
you're just a sad sack, get over it before you *actually* get old
unrelated but kek at the captcha
secretly
lol
Then why bring kids into it in the first place? How come you're not satisfied with just fucking and being married instead?
