I have the entire twitter thread about female sexpats in Korea saved.
Ok?
WHEN WILL THE FUCKING KOREA RAID END? JUST KILL YOURSELVES ALREADY. NO ONE CARES ABOUT KOREA.
based and korea pilled. dont forget to post it now and then to make the mayocels seethe.
your women cares about korea and thats all that matters you stinky smell neet
The jannies have just given up entirely on this place lel
I quite like the Korea threads though, at least they make this slow ass board more interesting
The jannies spend more of their time on /pol/ and /b/. Some koreaanon tried this the other day on there which led to a [pathetic] 'standoff' between the two - basically just the two of them spamming up the whole board. Jannies took action.
I have the entile twittel thlead about female sexpats in Kolea saved.
The only woman that matters to me is in bed beside me. Every woman in Korea of any race could drop dead and I would not care.
your women cares about korea and thats all that matters you stinky smell neet
The only woman that matters to me is in bed beside me. Every woman in Korea of any race could drop dead and I would not care.
No, it's just a new flavor of big black cock thread trying to bait insecure incels by making them think other races are having more sex with them. Choosing the famously sexless Koreans suggests that it's asian incels trying to "fight back" against white incels shitting on them.
I dont really like Koreans. My pussy is for Chinese/Taiwanese men ONLY.
I have to believe it because the alternative would mean it's two white anons doing it
you know the drill
vocaroo
What actual females think about rice grains
Korean men arent sexless, they just arent committing or settling down. Big difference.
I'm an Aryan woman and my pussy is only for pure, Mongolian men. Koreans are a mongrel race who was colonized by the Japanese, and is now a colony of China and America.
I saw a Hakka anon on int and I thought he was really attractive
tf is Hakka?
This entire Korea stuff would end naturally if it's all actually just bullshit. But since it's true and it triggers non-K incels, it keeps prospering because of bumps from chimp outs.
unironically theirs surface level truths to it. thats why ppl keep chimping out.
if an indian made this thread about indian supremacy nobody would even care lol
Yes, and it would die off naturally. It's just evidence to JBK that it thrives, makes YTs cry, and causes mass chimp-outs.
I really don't care what Korean men are doing one way or the other so long as they stop spamming /r9k/ about it.
filter it then fag.
u been in multiple threads crying about koreans nonstop. for someone who doesnt care u sure do seem to post alot about koreans.
filter it then fag.
Filter my posts, fag.
I'm crying about the fucking raid. You guys do not need six threads on the board at once. If you kept it to one thread I would happily ignore it the way I ignore /r9gay/ or /mbti/.
its been going on non stop for months
go away newfag
its been going on non stop for months
Why? Where is this being coordinated? I'd normally be apathetic but I'm so sick of the flood of low-effort bait.
no u.
Probably cause BBC was losing its effect and becoming normalized to the userbase. Kpop becoming more mainstream and a combination of ricecels insecurities.
Seems to work very effectively cause everytime i come here theirs always a Korean thread and a Anti-Korean thread going off. Im guessing these type of threads 100% triggers Mayocels also.
Lurkers see the JBK meme and the reaction it gets and it started gaining more traction with other random anons and now they do it also. Could be Asians... Could be Whites... honestly if i was a betting man It probably was a Korean guy who started it and then now its bunch of White guys larping as Korean guys and some Asian guys who are not Koreans doing it.
Korean guys dont even use 4chan and barely even exist in the US to begin with.
My theory anyways.
Probably cause BBC was losing its effect and becoming normalized to the userbase. Kpop becoming more mainstream and a combination of ricecels insecurities.
So who is doing this and what do they want?
Seems to work very effectively cause everytime i come here theirs always a Korean thread and a Anti-Korean thread going off. Im guessing these type of threads 100% triggers Mayocels also.
I actually see relatively few anti-korean threads and I call them out for making the problem worse. It really is just the relentlessness of one poster or group of posters desperate to force it.
Lurkers see the JBK meme and the reaction it gets and it started gaining more traction with other random anons and now they do it also. Could be Asians... Could be Whites... honestly if i was a betting man It probably was a Korean guy who started it and then now its bunch of White guys larping as Korean guys and some Asian guys who are not Koreans doing it.
I have a bad feeling it's all one guy and I'm talking to him right now.
You seem to give JBK just a little too much credit for my comfort. Are you him?
So who is doing this and what do they want?
The fuck i know nigga? lol 
I have a bad feeling it's all one guy and I'm talking to him right now.
yes its all me. confirmed.
yes, 100% im doing it all
Is it fun to run into me in literally every thread or are you sick of me at this point?
im in all 14 korean threads, simultaneously talking too myself and the 3 anti korean threads also.
a god amongst men if u think about it
forgot picaroni
You're certainly a force of shitposting nature, I do have to concede that.
Honestly I can see why Asian guys are so bitter and resort to BBC posting. This is messed up.
They also solve the problem
lol
those girls meant south asians (indians) exclusively btw
u dumb
How the fuck was I supposed to know that, shitdick?
As a long time troll myself, he's getting the traction he does only because of the sheer amount of these threads he spams. People post in Korean threads because when literally every other thread is a Korean thread, some of them are just going to take off.
