and just like that I feel like an old man
kek. you haven't seen shit boyo. i haven't either but the trend is clear.
make your 20s count. spending 6 years alone in a dark room hating life and figuring i had wasted my youth got me fuckall.
me
how you holdin up
sober.
its hell.
i'm 26, recovering addict and starting fresh in a new career with a criminal record. 
wish i could be 20 again with my current knowledge and experience.
Zoomer perceptions of age make absolutely no sense. Not only have the early 20s been viewed as the prime of your prime throughout pretty much every culture in history, but you're an 'old man' pretty much immediately as you become an adult? What counts as a 'young man' if 20 is an old one?
Its over for those who still dwell with the fact we never got a chance to have our first relationship with another girl on her first relationship
in the years leading up to WW1 the French had heavy discussions on which men were better for their army. the right wanted heavy drafts on 18-20 year olds claiming they were prime soldiers and in the best shape. some even wanted boys down to 16 to serve. meanwhile the left claimed reservists aged 20-25 were in their physical prime and even if they somehow didn't amount physically they'd more than make up for it with life experience and courage. they pushed this agenda to counter militarization, thought being that reservists would be useful on the front and not just being occupation force.
debate went nowere when the war broke out and they sent everyone 17-30 years old to the front, dudes with glasses weren't even considered prior to the war but even they were in the trenches.
just thought it might be interesting that this is an old debate.
i see eternal youth in a perfect female body
Had something good going, went to uni at 23. Dropped out because of unattendance. Neeting since then. 27.
I was feeling the same way when I was approaching 20 too. Now I'm 22 and ever since then I constantly think about my age and inevitable death, unless an immortality machine is developed.
That is interesting. As a 35 year old, I feel as though I was primed for athleticism from around 17-25. Up through 24 or 25 I felt about the exact same as I did at 18. At 35 I don't feel any different in everyday life and the "hurr durr in your 30s you have no energy and your back hurts all the time xD" meme feels like Doomer bullshit (no changes in energy levels or aches and pains for me), but I do get the impression that I was more primed for intense athletic activity in the late 2000s than now.
yeah, in my mid 20s and i'm in the best shape of my life. i was a weakling lardass when i was 19.
and my endurance is still shit compared to my dad who jog and hike regularly. man is 50 and could outrun all of his kids. guys i worked with who complained about low energy and being old at 30 were lardasses with sedentary lifestyles. i mean when you get winded climbing stairs you fucked up somewhere unless you have serious health problems.
but i suppose i wont be unbreakable forever like i'm now.
Professional athletes today enter their prime around 27-28 and the brain doesn't stop developing until 25
do you plan on quitting the neet life? you know that shit isn't good for you. not judging.
any advice you would want to give?
dont get addicted to drugs and alcohol.
dont drive drunk.
should have been nobrainers but here i am, scum of the earth, luckiest man alive that my family haven't stopped loving and supporting me yet.
also pay attention to what opportunities you really have. hindsight is perfect and i could fill a list with shit i can never do now that i never gave a passing thought before.
people have core formative experiences at the ages of 15-17. if you haven't had sex, formed lifelong friendships, had experiences you're proud of that make others thrilled to hear them, etc etc, you've missed your one shot to start off on your development as a full human being. it's like how feral children who don't acquire language as toddlers never learn to speak normally. every other normal person is going to be able to sense it, and will reject and exclude you. you won't get a second chance
OILVER,.Twist beer
I'm 32 this year and I still havent had a single problem with my back nor any other physical aillment. That said, my job requires me to be somewhat physically active and I dont remain in stationary positions for 6-7 hours like most people who work behind a desk.
My dad was a carpenter all his life and he was fit as a fiddle untill he died of cancer aged 67. Fuck he even joined me and the boys on some all nighters, drinking and talking shit, he must have been in his late 50's at that point. 
Just remain somewhat physically active and you'll do fine.
I am. I have a degree in software development, so it's just a matter finding a job. 
I don't think I'm ready tho. Don't think I'll ever be. I can't be around other people. Ic ould try WFH but I don't see how that would fix my situation.
Shut the fuck up faggot you are younger than me you are below me I am your elder and you WILL respect me
Fuck man. That pic hits too hard. I don't know what to do. I need the right people in my life but I can't find them.
i somehow remained mostly employed during my early 20s shenanigans. being around people gets easier with practice, it really does. no amount of knowledge about human interaction can outdo practice with a learning mind.
You're gonna be replaced by AI and you will be a lonely (prob autistic) NEET. Fulltime warehouse job or the rope?
kek 20 as young af you retard
You don't start getting old until like 28 or 29. Once you turn 30 it is all over though you are fucked. 25-28 are your prime years because your body is still in top physical condition but also you have accumulated knoweldge and experience to be able to make the most of things. 18-20 is pretty cringe 20-25 is getting better. At 30 it is all down hill, your body falls apart, your friends all become boring old fucks and you don't see them anymore, you're no longer cool, but luckily there is like a built in not caring about anything switch that gets turned on at 30 so despite everything being objectively terrible you actually dgaf anymore because you've been alive for so long that nothing really matters from here on out.
Your not a true adult until you are making your own money. Until then you are still a child.
think most people suffer from this to some extent. theres just little pack and tribe anymore.
It's about how time goes fast. I remember being 6-8 years old, I'm now 22. In the same time span I will be 36-38 years old and I know how long a decade feels like. Then I will be 50-52 and so forth.
Only non-programmers say this.
kek i looked away for a second and im 25, 26 in half a year
once you leave teens and HS its over
times flies fast as fuck
I am 30 and I was 20 yesterday. That doesn't mean 20 isn't young.
Also if you achieve things in life (I haven't) then you won't feel so bad about getting old. I am literally a 30 year old NEET who lives in his mother's basement. But if you are not you will feel less like wanting to kill yourself with each passing year.
People aged faster back then.
weak bait
True. It's that I'm a coward and I like running from my problems.
You actively looking for job or putting it off?
i disagree. i've been to military museums, uniforms looked like childrens uniforms. they might have matured more quickly tho.
putting it off. i also like running from my problems. why i spend many a night being so fucked on drugs and alcohol it was a challenge to type in songs i was looking for.
i took a course yesterday tho so now all thats left is applying. if i finish my resume and papers today all thats left is sending it in to all the corps. its kinda crap tho because chances are i have to sit ready by my phone and leave on a moments notice when they make the call.
I feel personally attacked.
godspeed. I'm anxious about the gap in my resume. I suppose I could just tell them i worked as a freelancer doing websites. Need to check how I could prove it if push comes to shove.
How did you plan on explaining yours?
i might just tell the fucking truth, that i fell hard on the bottle and it took me a while to get back on my feet.
my gaps aren't that big, like i said i've had jobs most of my 20s, only recently getting gaps.
could also explain it by saying that i was looking for fisherman jobs at first before realizing how saturated the marked has become. what i'm going to apply for now are offshore supply ships which require a few more courses. also a reason i didn't want to go that route but i have the courses now so fuck it.
come to think about it that perfectly describes my teens too so 12 years actually.
what a life.
WAGMI bros...we're winning...
Yeah, I can't decide whether it's better to lie or just tell the truth.
What's for damn sure is putting it off only makes it worse. If telling the truth doesn't show resired results I could just switch strategies.
In the end, it's this inaction that's doing me in. Used to just distract myself with vidya but it thankfully doesn't work anymore.
Good luck. Used to be that bloomer but fell off.
word. it hits like a ton of bricks when you comprehend just how many years went down the drain forever. but there is still time tho.
the more i think about it the more i feel like bullshitting if it becomes a topic.
good luck out there mang.
I'm not sure if it accelerates faster indefinitely, or if things eventually plateau in your 20s or 30s. You're right, though. I was thinking just the other day about how, in 2013, I wrote something about some of my experiences in 2006 - that being going backwards from 26 to 19. At that point, seven years felt like a long time, as though it was a different era and I was a different person. Now it... doesn't. 2016 was recent and I was almost the same. I think 2018 was probably the last time "seven years" felt like a different world, so I guess your mid-20s is where you acquire your "adult" understanding of time.
it is what it is [-1] 
You too anon
