Tfw no qt korean bf
please refrain from uploading photos of me on an incel website, thank you.
hes cute and probably will treat you like the princess u are.
i need me a kdrama boyfriend like this.
But ur so cute pls
I know right, theyre perfect 
Sigh
i am not a homosexual, but thank you for the interest
um, hot. who is he.
It's joever
VO
CA
ROO
do it now
Um, im not a male, ew
I dont know. I just save qt koreans.
WTF faggot?
Why
Tfw you're a seething gookcel who can't get any woman
What is this meant to be implying
Im a fag and i will get a kpop bf before you
are u a fembot?
are u a femboy? tranny? or just a faggot
No you wont ur gross.
Yes?
I literally got groped by korean girls in seoul so im pretty confident i can.
Just a fag
But those arent men you stinky fag.
aite stay out of korea fag
There are Korean fags as well and since the girls like me why won't the fags
Nah i can visit anytime and i will again later this year. Fuck you
Because koreans arent corrupted into faggot stuff like you are
tell me where so i can gut u faggot
Ill probably had to Seoul again and go down to jinju using ktx. Lot's to see down there
I literally said there are Korean fags and i've seen clubs in person
No there isnt and if there is they dont want stinky yt incel dick
Why the fuck does he look like this?
Original.
No he doesnt and hes cute.
But im korean nigga. I remember Myungbak campaigners screaming their lungs out during campaign season
i had that haircut like that once, wasn't popular over in this country so i now just shave all my hair
stay out white boy we dont want u to fag up our population
take ur women with u too stop mixing with us and stop implementing ur homo lgbt ideologies and feminism on us.
mad ugly, Jew nose fat face, looks like a 40 year old witch
Ur probably ugly.
KEEP IT. ITS SO CUTE. I WILL DATE YOU
So my conclusion- OP is either asian woman or an asian gay lamenting lack korean bf.
Ok? Sucks to be you OP. I guess...
OP is probably a diaspora fag making bait posts desu
Im white girl who wants korean bf. Not that hard to get.
femcel post more boys you like the haircut and i will get them just to draw out the femcels
Literally any hair that isnt that zoomer nigger hair. Fluffy hair. Any HAIR BUT THAT HAIR. Also not bald or short.
This is me. Date me.
Youre a little ugly and ur hairs short but im sure i can groom (you) into the perfect qt korean bf.
Nice to have hope, here's me in cosplay...
Ugh, when can i get a REAL korean bf.
First of all- sure you are Kim.
Secondly, why you used "tfw" in combination of picture of someone who (allegedly) doesn't look like you and whose facial expression is mostly obscured?
Do you know what "tfw" even stands for Kim?
https://vocaroo.com/1dUB9Gcdme8F
I know THAT, but faggot is using abbreviation wrong within his own bait.
Tee hee no listen to my reply
THAT is real korean.
What you posted is post surgery make up wearing girlyman.
Then again, you are a faggot, so your desires are only fitting.
Uhm, no sweatie hes a real korean, cope and seethe
No.
I'm not into sissy hypno asmr.
Find some other robot to groom.
But i need to groom you into the perfect korean bf.
Unlike you, I've met actual koreans.
But yeah I'm pretty sure Japan is an animeland too, lol.
Funny shit is ive heard atleast 8-9 vocaroos and handpics from White girls saying they want Korean guys.
Ive only seen 1 White girl defending a White guy here. And she was a overweight hambeast with hand pic verified.
I don't think you can afford all the plastic surgeries, anon.
Stop making deepfakes to rub your micropeen to.
Shit ain't healthy for you.
Uhm no sweatie you havent
So?
Ill leave neetdom just to make you the perfect korean
I can make you korean.
More like
Trust me- you don't want what those "women" are offering.
I dont have yellow fever per say (I like whites and Asians equally) but all the Asian guys Ive been interested in were all from Taiwan strangely enough.
Stfu ill date any korean and im a cute real girl
Your stubble says otherwise.
Remember kids- if man in a dress offers you candy, run away! Find your parents, cops or some other adults you trust.
Im literally on my period right now, it really hurts. God.. when can i get a cute korean bf.
For the last time- you're not having periods.
Your stiches got torn and you're bleeding.
Go to troon clinic before sepsis kicks in.
ok i will perm my hair again when it is long enough
how
plastic surgery ofc
