This confuses and enrages the ricecel
Who would have thought.
doesnt confuse me as a hapacel since ive known the score since birth
the only thing that enrages me is hearing asian girls/simps consistently deny that wmaf is a thing
"oh man i had no idea that things were so bad for asian dudes until i read the stats"
get fucking real lmao
I'm not a ricecel
you share nothing in common with these men other than skin color
yellowfeverposting is pathetic because it's done by people who have no retort to bbcposting and the reality of all their women preferring african men coping about it with some escapist fantasy about oriental females
You have been posting on here for the past 18 hours straight, safe to say you have never touched a vagina
I'm sorry to tell you this anon, but blacks use 4chan. You wish they were just asians but they aren't. Its over.
This board has become like 30% race baiting posts, the same copy pasta, the same images, the same taunts
Clean it up you useless tranny jannies
how does this invalidate anything I said?
WE'RE ALL SONS OF SAINT ELLIOT NOW!
I'm not even aisan but that video pissed me off beyond belief. holy shit. sounds like every other snobby hypocritical foid trying to ignore the blackpill
Dating an asian girl is fine, but usually the ones who are into white guys like this have a fetish and really hate themselves. Dated a chinese girl in college who was obsessed with looking sexy and cute all the time and trying to assimilate to her idea of american culture, which was drinking and drugs all the time. Spent many nights talking her of the edge and her parents hated me. Sex was cash. Dumped her and she tried to spread rumours about me to get me kicked out of school
Found the follower of Judaism itt
but whatever u say bbc cuck
get with the times grandpa whites and blacks both get cucked by rover thunderknot now
Is the whole South Korean meme a response to this?
Most women will end up cucking their partners with Korean men. Its sad but inevitable at this stage.
This one for the cuckroaches
Urgh! I can't BREED!
