okay, realistically speaking, how hard would it be to find a girl that was into being my slave and feederism.
Basically someone to use and abuse, including testing stuff on her, breaking her mind and turning her into a piggy
is it impossible to find someone like that?
Not on this board but yeah go on feedee tumblr or some other places and yeah you could find one.
is tumblr as bad as feabie? that shit is full of annoying entitled whores
I'm sorry to break this to you, but if you're looking for a woman to mind break and become essentially a fetish slave you're not going to find very mentally well adjusted people who are willing to do that.
yes tumblr is as bad
i know, but there are mentally ill ones that aren't entitled and annoying af
mature content filter basically killed the site, not worth it op
All women are entitled.
I must know the secret to that power. It must be possible.
Realisticaly speaking you have better odds getting a kinky submissive girl and slowly manipulating her into those fetishes
I don't even care about that weird mind breaking or slave shit, too far for me. I just want a cute chubby fembot gf with a body type somehow like the OP pic. I love it when hot girls have a tummy like that.
But alas it isn't meant to be. Even the most obese women near me have only the highest standards and are Chad only.
imagine not wanting a cutie slave to order around
im a girl into feederism but im too afraid of what people will think of me to ever act on it. its my biggest secret and it 100% of the porn i watch
its not like its unusual to be fat in this day and age
in my country it kinda is and in my family it definitely is. i cant stand the judgement and im too embarrassed to tell literally anyone about the fetish
I'm not going to get obese for your fetish.
I'm not going to fuck blacks or animals for your fetish.
I'm not going to include piss or shit into our sex life for your fetish.
I'm a human being.
Euro?
you wouldn't have any kind of sex with me in the first place, so it's rather a moot point, isn't it?
yea :-(
Honestly doesn't that just add to the fun? You get to punish them for their insufferable behavior.
I've hooked up with a decent number of genuine feedees from feabie. All insane, but amazing sex with the most insane of them.
op here
not really, it's just an annoying waste of time
the thing is i don't want a hook up, i want a relationship. a fucked up relationship
i'm not a fucking degen to be into 2 an 3. and as i said before, i don't annoying worthless bitches, so you have nothing to worry about :D
unlucky. honestly, nothing i say here will change what you think, still:
i talked to quite a few secret feedees, and all of those that i talked with long term either gave in to the fetish and were happy OR felt miserable and couldn't maintain a good relationship because of the fetish. anyway, good luck anon
in that case you can probably find some on tumblr or discord or whichever feedist communities.
how did that happen? I thought the place was a worse market than tinder?
As I said before, most are annoying energetic extroverts that aren't at all compatible with me and/or they aren't into being my slave. I'm quite picky, since I prefer being alone rather than finding someone that is not close to my ideal
that's definitely a larp. literally every female on feabie is either a content creator or a skinny crackhead pretending to be into feederism (she wants donations to buy food).
10000% girls on feabie are insufferable, worse than femoids here
Try Feabie, that site literally caters to your exact fetish.
Oh wait, it's been mentioned 5 times before, nevermind
I want the opposite, I want a girl to make me super fat. Think it would be super hot.
