i really wish i could have been someone i'm not.
Can you elaborate a bit more on that, like what happened exactly? Cause... It sounds very weird for someone who previously didn't have any symptom of gender dysphoria to suddenly start developing those feelings.
It's just a fetish. You do not actually want a woman, you fetishize being one.
I need to know which anime caused it, if it was actually Madoka I am going to scream.
the older and more masculine i get the less i want this to be who i am
i don't even get off to the fetish, i'm slowly developing AGP over time but it's too late for me to live it out
anime probably wasn't the cause. even if it was it wasn't madoka
It's the same as porn addiction like >>73039091 said.
It's probably the one where the sister transform her brother into a middle school girl
How old are you Anon? The aging part makes a lot more sense, lots of trans people start to really suffer heavily during puberty and from that point onward because, they see their body changing in a way they dislike.
Yes because you fetishize being female. You watch anime and think you want to be like the girls like there without realizing that life as a woman isn't like that in real life. You will never be a woman and even if you suddenly became one it wouldn't be like in your fantasies. Look at how low tier women are living, you'd probably be the same. Not respected by anyone, always acting on emotions, constantly chasing men who use you like an object. If you were a woman you would not think like the current you, real life women are not like the ones created by (Japanese) men.
porn addiction
maybe but most porn addicted men don't want to be women
It's probably the one where the sister transform her brother into a middle school girl
are you talking about the new one that just came out? i didn't watch it but i plan on it
How old are you Anon?
i am twenty seven fucking years old. if i was someone who was meant to transition, i wouldn't have ended up where i am now
Yes because you fetishize being female.
i'm slowly developing the fetish, but i would not consider myself AGP yet
i'm fully aware that we don't live in an anime world
It's shit anon, not even joking, i watched it all but it's pedobait, just an excuse to see middle school girls fanservice. Plus the protagonist has no balls, if that happened to me i would have my sister life living hell or tried to kill myself, idk why i finished it, it pissed me off to no end
I don't know about that Anon, some people find out they're trans when they are adults, some find out when they have already married someone, 27 isn't the most optimal age to start, but it by no means condemns you to looking ugly, I think you just have to think about this a lot, you know? You gotta figure out whether those feelings are true or not, something that helped me realize, was unironically trying to repress it, I repressed it for 3 years, and gradually the situation got increasingly worse, I lost all my friends because I couldn't force myself to interact with them, I stopped attending classes, I stopped going outside, my depression just got so much worse, I was spending all day doing nothing but crying in bed and staring at the ceiling, and by the end of it, I understood I was going to kill myself unless I started, maybe waiting a little bit can help you figure out how you really feel about this.
I won't entertain this ridiculous thought at all.
Good luck with that OP, thread seems to be going well so far no shit-flinging
Like pottery
Fag pills now
It's shit anon, not even joking,
that's a shame
some people find out they're trans when they are adults, some find out when they have already married someone,
if you have to think about it and feed the idea, then you're defying your own nature, like how i am.
I think you just have to think about this a lot, you know?
if you have to think about it and feed the idea, then you're defying your own nature, like how i am.
i don't get it
You aren't defying your own nature by doing what makes you happy, Anon, you'd be defying your own nature, who you really are, by repressing it.
Why do you want to be a woman Anon?
is it really worth it if you don't think you'll look the part? how long have you been going at it?
i'm not repressing my nature, i'm defying it. i know i'm a man, i just don't want to man up
probably social contagion and autism.
You don't have to 'man up'. All you have to do to be a man is to be born male. You don't have to do anything society tells you to.
What does "manning up" mean to you? Why do you not want to man up?
that is what i mean, my inaction leads to manning up
because i don't want to be a man
It's difficult to say, I know looks are extremely important, but for a lot of people it's either they transition, or they accept to be miserable and possibly suicidal their whole life, I actually only started 2 months ago, I'm 22 so I haven't been at it for long, but I was also always feminine looking, so I think it'll work out well!
Men don't have these thoughts though, a real man, or a real woman, would never question their gender identity, the fact that you aren't so sure anymore doesn't 100% mean you're trans, but it's very unusual, because cis people's brains are simply never crossed by such thoughts.
Forgot to say, but the social contagion story is literally a lie, nothing backs it up.
have the same issue i been crossdressing since i was a teeny weeny kiddo but im not trans... still sometimes i take homrones but stop before irreversible boobs growth
You'll never be a woman with today's technology it's over. You probably have bigger issues.
maybe tomorrow's
because cis people's brains are simply never crossed by such thoughts.
cis people's brains don't naturally think about these things unless they are constantly exposing themselves to the idea and try to force themselves to think about it
what do you think those issues are?
No, that is simply ridiculous, someone cannot be turned gay and someone cannot be turned trans, if you were turned trans by anything, you were trans all along, there's so much denial coming from every single message you send.
You don't think that being exposed to trans and gay stuff constantly can, especially for someone who's an incel and doesn't spend a lot of time with 
people irl, lead to trans or gay thoughts?
On thing is thinking about it, and another thing is literally being converted from cis to trans by online propaganda, any cis person will simply shrug it off.
that is exactly my point. i'm cis and in denial.
i've been on hrt before. i didn't handle it well. there is no doubt in my mind that i am cis because i have definitive personal evidence that i function better on testosterone than on estrogen
instead of accepting that and moving on with my life, i am denying it and wishing i could have been different
Why don't you talk about it with maybe a psychologist? I'm just saying you should really think about it carefully, cause you are already kinda late to the party age wise, and with every day your body gets progressively more ruined by aging as a guy, you already missed the age 25 checkpoint that'd have allowed for minor changes in bone structure, i just don't want you to suffer.
The idea of being a woman is just an aesthetic fantasy; actually being a female is different. AGP is just another term for an extended, typically erotic fantasy composed only of the culturally endearing forms of femininity presented throughout history. I doubt you really want to menstruate, get pregnant, give birth, experience menopause, and know that almost any male could kill you if they really wanted to. You like the pretty colors, the shapes, the forms, the demure yet intimate connection between women. You want to be beautiful, and women are generally the most beautiful things to males. 
Trannies are, without question, genuinely insane. I don't hate them, but they are absolutely insane. No one can change the biological reality of how their sex shaped and developed them, with only ancillary input from social interactions and norms.
Why don't you talk about it with maybe a psychologist?
what would i even tell them? i'm cis and want to be trans because i'm felt like i missed out?
i'm feeling this more than you are
Maybe, but I'm definitely older than you and painfully familiar with what it feels like to age as a male.
Imagine how much worse it would be if as a dumb preteen you thought you were trans. You'd have probably committed suicide. There's nothing good about being a tranny, never forget that.
Congratz you arent trans. 
Op ask yourself this. Do you like the idea of men looking at you like rapemeat? Because thats part of the bundle with being a woman. So unless you are at least neutral towards it it would be dumb to trans. Im skeptical of most 'transbians.' The ones who are bottoms and are attracted to masculinity are women in my eyes, and I do believe transbians DO exist; its just insofar as impressionable autists can fall for transing when they really arent, most are going to wind up as 'transbian.' Because ultimately they are just an autistic straight dude.
Maybe, but I'm definitely older than you and painfully familiar with what it feels like to age as a male.
do you want to be a girl?
Congratz you arent trans.
i know
Do you like the idea of men looking at you like rapemeat?
not really but i don't think any woman does. i do like the idea of men being attracted to me though
even if i were an autistic straight dude, i'd rather be that in the body of a woman than the body of a man
I think I would have made a better girl than guy, but no, not really, for all the reasons I listed above. I feel no dysphoria, I just also find the feminine aesthetic enchanting and intoxicating. Males drift as far from feminine beauty as possible, even in their early stages of aging. I find femboys and trannies sexually attractive, but it's all essentially makeup, angles and pretend. They'll never become pregnant and exude that fertile, lightly sexual aura, for example. A misery to experience but an image of pure, divine feminine beauty. Boys don't glow like girls do, and I've tried to make myself gayer to no avail.
gayer, as in attracted to masculine men?
