Why do rich and successful people kill themselves? The K-Pop idol hanged himself at his home in Gangnam district, Seoul (one of the most expensive places in the world) yesterday. Although he is still in his early 20s, his bank account must have millions of dollars. Many famous singers and actors in South Korea and Japan take their own lives. I have no idea why successful and wealthy people give up their lives. Look at the South Asia, SEA, MENA, Latam, and Africa. They look pretty happy even if they are dirt poor.
The primary reasons why people kill themselves, among all walks of life, are feelings of isolation or hopelessness. You can feel alone even if you're rich, and you could feei imprisoned by your lifestyle as well.
They're ascending. They've achieved so much in this world in so little time that they get bored.
They've migrated to a higher dimension.
Male K-Pop singers are raped by the industry. They're little fag gays worse than Michael Jordan. They broke theirs backs fucked them in the ass and made them humble so they killed theyselves
American celebrities an hero because their jewish genes gave them schizophrenia.
Asian celebrities commit sudoko because spamming JBK on 4chan doesn't actually make women want their 5 inchers.
I guess you could say... He went out with Gangnam style.
Because he's probably been assraped regularly since he was 15. K-idols are just a front for human trafficking and it's likely that none of that money was ever meaningfully his, rather.it was.held in a bank account under his name by his handler. He was probably also addicted to drugs to make him easier to control.
You can feel alone even if you're rich
In some cases, your wealth can make you more isolated.
In some cases
Much more than just. In most cases, even.
Look at the South Asia
pajeets don't even have time to die enjoying the grussy.
I was in a mental asylum and met a guy who went to Berkeley and was a physics student , Chad and rich parents but he attempted to kill himself and didnt succeed. I asked him why he would mill himself when he got the life most would die for and he responded by saying that he doesnt feel alive and that constant masking plus having to appear picture perfect was too much . He was on multitude of drugs just to keep false facade of being an exemplary student.
So people from all walks of life kill themselves anon
Dopamine burnout, once you have fucked a bunch of girls and guys, attained millions of dollars, toured the world and experienced the best life has to offer, what else is there to do but kill yourself? Everything becomes meaningless when you have peaked that hard. There is nothing else to strive for.
Ok, Marshall Applewhite.
B-but anon, haven't you heard? Soi Koreans are apex lifeforms of Earth. I got it from reliable sources.
mill himself
Dear sweet baby Jesus, how exactly he tried to end himself and did it involve CnC mill?
based HVVAN BVLLS dunking on faggot JAP cuckolds. Ooh wowee look at me I'm such a tough faggot for disemboweling myself with my overrated weeb letter opener. Real men know the only way to commit sudoku is with OSHA certification.
i am from south korea
i think cyber places in south korea or japan is full of people who are really rubbish
they are extremely criticizing, stalking, harassing and bullying celebrities until they kill themselves
we may look reserved and polite outside but we do not have a culture of criticizing others in public
i think this is why our internet anonymous bulletin board is at its cruelest and most racist
Hottie. I could have saved him. What a waste of a fine ass man.
Suicide requires sentience. Its why smart people kill themselves more than low IQ people. Koreans are super smart and super sentient. Sad, but the psychologically weak must be removed from the gene pool for the greater good.
I mean if you have to program your own suicide, that's not some emotional spergout, it's calm reasonable acceptance of your own death LIKE A MAN.
That may be true. A few months ago, A Japanese vlogger, a former idol of Japan's largest entertainment agency, revealed that almost all male idols in his agency were raped by the agency's gay president.
it was murder, obv
Oppa gangnam style 
Heyyyyy sexy koreabro
Hey 
Hey hey
Hey hey hey hey
Oppa hang-nam style
Just pay somebody to be your friend. What a fucking faggot, and fuck you guys in this thread
mehmeh wealth makes you more isolated and-
Shut the fuck up
amerimutts cant go 5 seconds without mentioning gay sex
Kek. Koreans arent into sodomy. Thats a white and perverted Japanese bastard thing only.
All Chads have to die early. Its part of their legend and mystique. Fans will always love you more if you die. Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain, Adonis, and these kpop dudes, hell, even Jesus. All Chads, all died young. Nobody wanted them if they were old. You have to die young as a man to be remembered as a legend.
Hey, Korean anon. Are you that guy in that thread about giving a girl advice on how to be a sexpat in Korea? I completely forgot about you, lol. I thought there weren't other Koreans here.
Are you one of the JBK posters? Because I know it isn't me and they're blaming me.
You are funny, anon.
Korea has no homos
Yeah sure, just like Iran
Why do rich and successful people kill themselves?
Because money is just that, an access to commodities. It helps you live, but you don't live for it.
Money, fame, or whatever is neither an achievement nor a guarantee for someone to feel fulfilled.
It's a very hard realization to live through.
This is true. Males lives are physically disposable. But the tradeoff is you live in peoples heads for a longer time if you rope. 
Also true. These two female idols killed themselves after being bullied online by haters.
He clearly lurked
Probably saw the ricecel threads and killed himself in shame.
Look at the South Asia, SEA, MENA, Latam, and Africa. They look pretty happy even if they are dirt poor
Can't you catch something? They're all low intelligence with an IQ below 87. They are even dumber than the Shitalians.
Honestly this. Same reason black women kill themselves the least, even though they are all single mothers with herpes living in poverty. They are insentient.
Korean entertainment industry was set up by American Jews as an MKULTRA rape farm to test run new techniques for producing sex slaves. It's no different than how the "democratically elected leaders" in Afghanistan where all boyfucking pedophile heroin dealers.
What you don't understand is that for the rich and powerful almost every pop star is available for hire, and music videos are just thinly veiled advertisements for sexual trafficking. It's always been this way, and probably always will be.
Or he saw JBK threads.
Realized he can't measure up to ubermensch tier bs in those and killed himself in shame.
people suicide due to isolation
Fucking A. I've been trying like hell to isolate myself (and still eat food and have internet) for years and can't seem to do it.
Constantly surrounded by bozos and bores that can't wait to tell me little stories about their life. Sometimes I think about suicide as a way of getting away from all the noise, traffic, and bullshit.
I guess I should have become a K-pop idol.
Koreans arent interested in fucking young boys. Stop projecting your pedo caucasoid mental illness onto others. And yeah, Afghans are all pedo goatfuckers because they have white blood.
It's no different than how the "democratically elected leaders" in Afghanistan where all boyfucking pedophile heroin dealers.
that may have something to do with the fact that "puppet president slave to western will that knows he's selling his country and his people to america" is a job position that requires someone rather unscrupulous
I think the pressure of being a perfect k-pop star along with the absolute rot of the industry(which probably involves rape, yes) and knowing there's no real escape from that life and a return to normalcy is enough motivation to end your life.
He was probably on a ton of drugs regularly and the withdrawal tipped the scales on his decision, too.
Why do rich and successful people kill themselves?
Imagine living your life as a literal Ken doll.
Perfect face, perfect body, perfect manners, perfect personality, perfect everything.
Always required to be perfect.
Giving a fantasy to the female audience of what they could acquire.
Do you think living like this day in and day out with people constantly judging you is healthy for your psyche?
Most likely not.
You will never be Korean. Keep seething.
He killed himself because he got mogged by Jinyoung. Nyeongie poster femanon killed him.
This is what I was saying, Koreabro. I think this was the girl we were giving advice to. You there?
Nyeongie poster must be held accountable for this young mans death. Where is she.
Although he is still in his early 20s, his bank account must have millions of dollars.
He's at the height of his life, which is basically over after forced military service. Honestly pretty based
Meanwhile in reality the gookcel kills itself because white CHAD got laid again
muh k pop
They are basically gilded slaves to the industry anon. I dont even mean in a sexual sense like some other anons here say, they will basically always be their labels bitch getting peanuts for what they bring in then discarded like a used tissue the second their marketing to pre teen girls fades away, and thats not even mentioning the absolute worst aspects mankind has to offer being their collective fans.
Jonghyun
Sulli
Goo Hara
Moonbin
Minwoo
All seemingly at the top of the world
Rich, successful, good looking, talented.
hese two female idols killed themselves after being bullied online by haters
they are extremely criticizing, stalking, harassing and bullying celebrities until they kill themselves
i think this is why our internet anonymous bulletin board is at its cruelest and most racist
wow
are koreans the most based race?
you've made a strong arguement!
Then why would they become idols in the first place. I hate when you retards act like you know what you are talking about kek. Clearly there are huge perks to the job that outweigh the hard work, which is why so many of them are desperate to be idols.
This is how success looks like, something gookcels can't have.
73034869
american
origidesu
all that money couldn't fix his tiny gook dick
fake it till you ma- ACK!
I ugly cried over moonbin last night and I'm not even an astrofag. he had a pretty voice and a beautiful smile. Never really noticed him since chad eunwoo overshadows everyone in that group. rip
Gangnam district
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqOn7wa4jRU [Embed]
balding 5/10s with their 4/10 chink hookers
Gangnam is just the rich district of seoul retard lol
Aw hug nonny, sorry you cried
Uhh what did he mean by this
You already know, anon. You already know.
Lol cope gookcel
posts another 5/10 twink with aids
with his jewy cakeface 4/10 gold digger chink who has butthole eyes 
LMAO
Copity copecope
Yes anon, I'm sure those grapes were sour anyway.
No genuinely. All of those girls are mid as fuck despite being caked in makeup. Why cant you find any WMAF where the guy is higher than a 6.5 and a girl who isnt a cakeface plastic chink or SEA? Is this really the cream of the crop of WMAF? Kek.
Ironically very accurate.
INB4 the terminally online tranny spams another bunch of horse face 6/10 aspies with caked up chink 4s, or oofy doofy ugly dudes with their plastic chink gold diggers
Yawn. Its all so predictable.
Accuses asian chicks of being caked in paint
Anon, that's all women.
Your precious AMWF photos that you undoubtedly have a folder of, feature exclusively face painted white women (and probably good chunk of men too).
So I'm really not sure from what glass house you lob those stones.
This is what women think of ricecels kek
he couldnt find any pics to disprove me 
posts 3 coalburner bimbos
I accept your concession kek.
coalburner bimbos
Assuming much?
To be fair, white girls in their youth can be naturally beautiful without makeup. But I have never seen a naturally pretty bugwoman in my entire life. They always fake makeup on, get a shit ton of surgery. Wear contacts etc etc. Look nothing like their teen pics.
dyed blonde hair 
swedish
dressed like whores
obnoxious 
vacationing in the US of all places on earth 
if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck
a lot of them wish they were asian
First of all
white girls in their youth can be naturally beautiful without makeup
Yeah no. In all of my life I've seen only TWO actually beautiful girls, all rest were slightly above plain at best. What you see in photos or when you creep around in bushes in real life is result of painting face.
But I have never seen a naturally pretty bugwoman in my entire life. They always fake makeup on, get a shit ton of surgery
Maybe. But how are they different from asian men then? All those JBK girlyboys that faggots post are result of plastic surgery and make up too. You have no high horse to shit on asian women.
Even more assumptions
Remember anon- when you assume you make an ass out of u and... u again (not me, because I'm that awesome)
does nobody remember glam rock and theater kids
If you are ever feeling down.
If you ever felt insulted by someone.
Always remember.
They will never be Korean.
They come across a European and realize that despite their plastic surgery and cosmetic enhancements, they are still mogged by an average dutchman who towers above their frail 5ft6 frame
It's wild, I can literally tell you're the same guy who was chimping out on a Chinkcel thread a week ago just by your "plastic chink SEA" comment. Asian women date white men more than vice versa. Koreans included.
Did it ever cross your mind why North Koreans are so fucking repulsive compared to South Korean women despite being ethnically identical? Ever wonder why the exact same ethnicity, where one HAPPENS to be the literal plastic surgery capital of the world (South Korea) looks so much different to the impoverished shithole with no plastic surgeons?
gookcel fantasy cope
Kek
Asian women under 35 are least likely to cohabit with white guys. Asian women over 45 are most likely. White boys are fucking 4/10 SEA hags. How will Asian dudes ever recover.
4/10 plastic gooks looking at him like a monkey in a zoo
Kek. Cope.
Korean included
a-anon im sorry to tell u AMWF is higher in Korea then WMAF
i know it hurts ur soul but please get ur meds.
Why do rich and successful people kill themselves?
The only way for you to find out is to follow in their footsteps anon
You must become an hero
BWC just keeps winning
white boys would rather spam pictures of ugly strangers for 20 hours straight on 4chan than go out and talk to a woman
Why are they like this? Oh well, at least this keeps them occupied kek.
another filtered 5/10 with his 4/10 chink green card wife 
I accept your concession, kek.
gookcel in utter denial over BWC dominance
filtered 5/10 horse face with overweight caked up 3 chink
Mid as fuck, all of them. I accept your concessions.
gookcel bitterness continues
Because theyre essentially slaves to the jews. Celebrities are just cash cows, when they sign the contract they sign their life away. Yeah they get loads of money and fame but it comes at the price of your freedom and humanity. Alot of them realise this after a while and want out but uh-uh they are owned by someone legally. Whether its an agent, record company, production company etc. They're not just going to let their walking, breathing license to print money walk away. 
No amount of drugs, booze or women will ever fill that void. Thats why the feed these cunts drugs and women to kjeep them 'happy' and co-operative.
Hey this is Cope. Dark blond males with blue eyes are gay and their Asian women should immediately spawn
telling the truth is bitterness 
You are fugly and so are your 3/10s. Cope.
It is not accurate or appropriate to make a generalization that K-pop singers are more likely to die by suicide. The factors that contribute to suicide are complex and can vary from person to person.
It is important to recognize that suicide is a serious issue that can be influenced by a range of factors, including mental health, social and cultural pressures, relationship problems, and other personal or environmental factors. It is not productive or accurate to blame a particular group of people or fandom for this issue.
Instead, it is important to raise awareness about mental health and suicide prevention, and to provide support and resources for those who may be struggling. This includes promoting mental health education, reducing stigma around mental illness, providing access to mental health services, and creating supportive and inclusive communities where people can feel safe and supported.
Are whiteboys the new Pajeets? Sure seems like it.
My something or other recognizes your something or other
gookcel bitter because BWC CHAD dominance
