i'll never meet anyone so perfect ever again
i would have done anything for him
but i pushed myself away because i'm a feeder and he deserves better
a feeder in the fetish sense?
yes i like fat men and it turns me on when they overeat
not as fat as you might think hearing that like 200lbs is usually more than fat enough
ah... i see
fetishes are so damn bad sometimes, it feels so limiting, i have one on my own that i probably wont get to satisfy
200 lbs is not that much, but i suppose you are talking about a 5'9 person or something?
thats disgusting you creep. he was right to ditch you and you deserve to die alone
What did you like about him? How did you meet?
Kek. Did you give him the "You're too good for me" talk? Or did you slowly withdraw all affection and leave
Either way, girls like you are always one low self-esteem pendulum swing from ghosting. Truly heartless in tunnel-visioned low self-esteem, the feeding fetish being an arbitrary rationalization, with other variants being you're now 'asexual' or just 'not being ready for a relationship yet' (not unheard of to also download tinder then) and then leaving despite his wishes for you to stay.
it depends on height i deleted all my pictures of fat men so i can't post any but yes not obscenely fat
i slowly withdrew then gave him a big spaghetti confession out of nowhere
i like everything about him
his voice, his hobbies, his comedy, his personality
he's cold and abrasive but really it's just a defence mechanism and he's a sweetheart deep down
i love him so much
i'd do anything for him
fuck you kys
If you are a cute girl you can feed me but you have to do it in sexy clothes or dressed up as my favorite anime girl
That's the law
But where did you meet?
he's cold and abrasive but really it's just a defence mechanism and he's a sweetheart deep down
Yiu mean he's tall and has a good jawline.
i slowly withdrew then gave him a big spaghetti confession out of nowhere
kek
kek. actual fucking meme creature
i don't want him to alter it but it turns me on to encourage bad habits i love his body as it is already i'd even help him diet if he wanted me to
i love him for him
online i'm on 4chan where the fuck do you think we met
