Do you want to be a futa? If so, post 
age
sex (bio male? bio female? mtf tranny?)
how big do you want your futa dick to be
why do you want to be a futa
describe your perfect day as a futa
I dont want to be a futa but I want to be fucked by one. Im a bio female and the idea of getting my brains fucked out by another girl (not a tranny) with a giant dick and cumming all day together is so hot.
could you describe your ideal futa gf, and how a day in your lives would be like?
Normie here 
So there is a difference between a tranny and a futa?
Futa is the anime tranny word like how lolicon is the anime pedophile word.
My ideal futa gf would have a 8 inch penis with no balls. She would have a toned athletic body with medium size boobs and nice muscular arms and legs (so she could lift me up and fuck me) she would also be taller than me by like 5 inches. Also would need to be ridiculously horny all the time so we could fuck constantly.
A futa is a girl with a penis and a tranny is a man pretending to be a woman. The difference is the futa is still actually a woman. Hope that helps.
based no balls enjoyer. would you work out together, and would you be able to keep up with your constantly horny futa gf?
I would try to work out with her but would not be able to keep up. As for keeping up with her sex drive, I would try but even if I couldnt she would still just use me to get off quickly. My futa GF would be kind of a bully but one who takes care of you once their done bullying you. Sometimes she will get a little too caught up with feeling good and be too rough with me but I would secretly enjoy when that happens even if it causes discomfort.
I would try to work out with her but would not be able to keep up.
she's gonna make you do cardio anon. if you want to fuck for hours you need the body to do so
I would want a futa gf, but I wouldn't want to be one.
Same here, although I'm somewhat open to the idea if I was assured that I'd be equally attractive as a futa as I am as a man.
I wish to be attractive. I think most people who wish to be girls think the same. Because girls are attractive for them by default they think if they just turned into (a passable) one all their issues would disappear and someone could love them.
wish to be girls
i asked about being a futa, not a girl
I wish to be attractive. I think most people who wish to be girls think the same. Because girls are attractive for them by default they think if they just turned into (a passable) one all their issues would disappear and someone could love them.
When i was a 14 year old i thought this exactly.
loser
fat even though i play sports because parents are poor retards who think obesity is genetics
raised by single mother so 0 father figure
anytime i hear about men its men bad
anytime i hear about women its women good
everyone loves women
everyone deeply hates me
But then i realized that even as a woman i would be hated so i lost interest in the idea.
Because you can't internalize the feeling of a pussy so you focus on having a cock despite the gender change.
You would get free attention as a woman and relationships on a whim. It is not an easy street like people say but much easier than being a male (at least until you get old). I have two sisters, one of them was always very fat and got a boyfriend then husband because she existed. She couldn't be picky but got someone (who does anything she says). My other sister is a complete nutcase. No man can bear with her with more than a year. So she has a new boyfriend every year and not bottom of the barrel ones either.
Bio male, I have always wanted to get topped by a girl with a massive penis. Trans dont interest me so the closest thing I have now is pegging
I forgot to answer OP's question.
Only if i was hot, being hot would make life more fun.
She couldn't be picky but got someone (who does anything she says). My other sister is a complete nutcase. No man can bear with her with more than a year. So she has a new boyfriend every year and not bottom of the barrel ones either.
what a horrible family you come from, but i have seen worse women who end up forever alone hags nobody wants so i refuse to believe your overall idea.
Trannies are born male. Futas are born female. Futas either a) are born with extra male genitalia, or b) develop male genitalia later in life due to magic etc.
Do you want to be a futa?
No what I really meant is whether or not you want to be a shemale or tranny. Those are the same as futas right?
Many such cases.
Bio female, I've wanted to be a futa ever since I discovered the concept. Penetrating someone seems like it would feel way better than being penetrated (I have never cum from that) and it's inherently dominant. Pegging doesn't appeal to me as much as having a real cock because I wouldn't get any physical pleasure out of pegging someone.
One's fictional and the other is mental illness, futa have XX chromosomes.
Only if I get to have both vagina and balls, my penis can stay the same size its apparently the ideal size according to women.
many self inserting futafags like having the cock though for reasons like >>73040024
futas aren't real and aren't born anything
nobody is saying that? by futa i meant having both a penis, and a vagina, and having all the other female sex organs and secondary sex characteristics
futa have XX chromosomes.
futa aren't real so they don't have any chromosomes they have. 
they're probably genetic freaks
futas aren't real and aren't born anything
Yes I know, I was just explaining the concept.
A futa is a girl with a penis and a tranny is a man pretending to be a woman. The difference is the futa is still actually a woman. Hope that helps.
Lmao cope
tranny
have to take external hormones since body cannot produce them naturally
often have non functional dicks and are usually sterile
futa
body naturally maintains whatever biochemistry is required to be a futa
have both female and male reproductive organs
actual biology of a futa beyond that is all up to interpretation
i don't even think this is that hard of a concept to understand. feels like the only people who seem to disagree are either arguing in bad faith or trying to sell their onlyfans
These explain it better
I'm not even disagreeing with you.
Its not that they don't understand they don't want you to like it since it suggests weakness. The only guys into futa are submissive nerds or possible transexuals after all.
The people who insist on futanari being real life transexuals are the same people who insist the only attractive women are busty old ladies.
If you fetishize something with a penis, and you are a man, then you are gay.
In short, futa is gay, simple as.
mfw I masturbate
I am touching a penis and tugging on it to make it cum
I am gay
nobody is saying that? by futa i meant having both a penis, and a vagina, and having all the other female sex organs and secondary sex characteristics.
The appeal of futas is them being natural hermaphrodites with the working biology therein. There is no artificiality like with trannies or shemales. I get that this is a gay self-insert thread but the true appeal of an ascended futa enjoy is abstracting away ugly men and watching chicks get railed by and impregnated by other chicks. Die ewige tranny should not trepass into this.
people who insist the only attractive women are busty old ladies
t. pedoshit who thinks a woman is too old if she has secondary sexual characteristics
So the only difference between tranny and futa is that they dont require drugs to look the way they do? And also probably passing since most trannies dont pass.
Thats like calling a bald man with a dad bod and bloat, a man with secondary sexual characteristics.
They also don't subscribe to a delusional ideology, and all of their sexual organs are fully functional.
You specifically said 'busty' (breasts are secondary sexual characteristics). If you'd said something like cellulite or saggy tits then your retarded false equivalency would be a valid counterargument.
Aside from the physical difference, theres also a difference in narrative.
A tranny is a man who wants to be a woman. Its gay and mostly social, a response to the way the world treats women etc.
A futanari is a female, she doesn't want to be anything, just a normal female except she needs to rape since her mutated clit is driving her insane.
Pic related is some futalore to clear things up.
