Why am I expected to make moves? Once in a blue moon, when some girl gives me an ounce of attention, why do I have to be the one who takes the step forward to push it further. I may look kind of intimidating and I'm tall, but when it comes to my personality I'm the most passive and apathetic guy out there. I couldn't get myself to state my intentions even if my life depended on it. All women are whores who judge people on superficial features. Suprise, suprise.
You were born into a specific class in life, and you either live with it or don't be happy. You can't expect the healer to tank for you.
Why am I expected to make moves?
Because it's always been like this and if you're not gonna do it some other guy will be more than happy to, I don't get why you turn all misogynistic at the end there
How tall?
Damn it. It actually sounds convincing.
I don't get why you turn all misogynistic at the end there
I'm just fed up with myself. I guess my emotions took over.
6'3"
I guess my emotions took over.
You should really work on that, in the off-chance that a woman approaches you it could ruin any chances you have with her
Mogs me, dang
At this point I don't know if it'd be responsible of me to be in a relationship. Over the years I've become numb and I can't imagine myself loving anyone. And even if she approached me I wouldn't be able to entertain her.
Yeah, this thread was pointless
Get a pet and some hobbies, people aren't that hard to entertain anyway if you have things in common with them.
I do have some hobbies. What I meant was that I can't just break the ice when it comes to normalfags. One time a girl approached me in the bar, made it obvious that she's interested in me and I just didn't know how to keep the conversation going. I honestly don't know.
Ask her what she likes to do in her spare time and connect it with your hobbies, easy. The more you socialise the easier it gets.
I was talking to her for about an hour. I had exhausted all the talking points. I think my problem is that I'm avoidant. I've never asked any girl out. Hell, even when I had things laid out on a silver platter, I didn't try to push things any further. I've just remembered how some random girl sent me nudes and I just replied "wow nice" or something along these lines. I don't even know how I should feel about it. It sounds so stupid. I'm a lost cause.
Yeah, that sounds pretty retarded, idk what to tell you but the problem is obviously in you, it sounds like you don't even want to socialise, so why are you complaining about girls not approaching you?
Yeah, as I've said earlier >>73032776 my thread was pointless.
Saged. Let it die.
Shouldn't give up so easily, anon. You gotta show girls you're interested in them or they feel unwanted. What happened to the girl you were talking to for an hour?
If you're attractive women will make the move. If they don't outright make the move, thy make it very easy for you to make it.
I was too much of a pussy to make a move. She sat next to me after some time and touched me and I just didn't have anything to say. The whole conversation was full of moments of awkward silence. At the end she came back to her friend she was waiting for, I went to the toilet came back there. She said "oh, so you came back" (not in a disappointed manner), smiled and tried to continue the talk to no avail. Back then I was so pissed at my lack of balls and spergness. I still am tbqh. It was always like that.
