What do you feel when you see happy couples in public?
Nothing? Am I supposed to feel some type of way? Unless someone doing something weird, I ignore 99% of strangers.
When I was a melodramatic teenager, I would just think that's what I'm missing
love doesnt last
money does if your smart and talented
stick with money, it makes your life easier and it makes you happier
I feel wistful.
Extreme sadness 
Originaloo
If its a straight couple I feel anger because I'll never be able to express my love freely like that all cause I'm a dyke
hatred, i want both of those fuckers to get hit by a car in front of me
god doesn't really let me go out in public. he said i'm too special to work or have a girlfriend, so i just stay home.
I see happy couples at the liquor store all the time OP.
I see how happy couples become unhappy.
I've seen those same happy couples become happy couples over the years.
I've seen couples that want to tease the swinger lifestyle. Wanna know what some men would let you do to their wives if you could get them a bottle of Blanton's that cost us $40 a fifth and that we resell for $90? What do you think they'd be willing to let me do?
I generally say "shut the fuck up" and add "pussy" if it's the man who's talking when I walk by them. 
Then I watch the man hang his head in shame and I watch to see if the woman puts a little distance between the two of them because she naturally feels like he's a pussy
I laugh at them for being fucking retards. Oh she loves me oh he loves me oh we're going to be together forever 
Indifference or contempt depending of day, turn to disgust and hatred if they start to make out especially in crowds, cause I hate the arrogance behind it, everybody know they are together but they must show off how good they have it to the world, fuck them.
That being said I can "tolerate" them if I know the couple.
I envy their youthful innocence. I with to live through them, projecting myself into both of their bodies feeling that kindred connection they are experiencing. I remember the time when i was filled with insecurity fear and doubt but i over came it all, to earn the nirvana that comes with bonding with a partner. 
I wish to forget it all only to relive it again.
