ive been friendless all my life and i get so attached to people i meet online, even if its just a few messages. how do i stop being such a lonely loser?
You need to meet people irl. I'm similar, but trying to replace real relationships with online stuff is not good imo.
why is it not good? and i dont even know where to meet people irl, im a broke neet lol
Most of my relationships with people are online, I prefer it. Fuck am I gonna do with my male friends irl, suck eachother off? We play games together and chat, we don't need to touch tips for that.
As for finding friends that can be harder, play a multiplayer game and join some form of clan/guild etc and you can befriend some people that way, just gotta get lucky with who's in it.
i honestly crave conversations, i sit in my room all day doing nothing and no one to talk to. going insane
It helps to form a few good, long-lasting relationships with people. People need to have at least one long-term companion I think to really be able to avoid attachment issues and the tendency to get easily sucked in.
i tried and they dont last, i put in sm effort towards people and they leave. i want long term yk?
I have long term friends that I don't talk to for months/years at a time if we don't happen to be doing similar things. You can't just make small talk out of nothing forever, you need things to do, this is why it's easy to have friends during school because you're forced to be there, but when you're not forced to be somewhere with someone you need to have shit to do. If you want friends then get a hobby or something you enjoy doing and do it with those people.
https://vocaroo.com/12ZDnYT8g5ut
Wish I really knew, I kind of seem to run into the same issue you are most of the time. I try to make friends with people who have similar interests but most of the time it turns out they don't really share that much of an interest in what they say they did or at least don't have much to say about it. The best thing that I can say is that you just have to keep trying, sometimes it works out but a lot of the time it just doesn't.
waaahh, ive been trying for YEARS.
Well, what kind of interests do you have and what kind of places are you going to to meet people? You might be drawing from a bad pool.
https://vocaroo.com/1eiXuOQAITDi
how do i stop being such a lonely loser?
If you wall yourself off from others, they can't hurt you. If you hurt others, you hurt less yourself
You are friendless because you don't have any empathy and that means you need to be killed
Well, best I can maybe advise would be getting into more niche vidya-like things. Trying stuff like DnD, roleplay games, etc.. You might enjoy those are the people in those kinds of communities tend to be more online than others. Other than that it might be prudent to find a small friend group to get friendly with and interact with, they might induct you in and you could end up with some nice, long-term companionship.
https://vocaroo.com/1nWvG29DGMo8
i was thinking maybe like uhmm holy shit be my gf right now drop your @ lemme slide into your dms
omggggg will U b my friend
cant spell boyfriend without friend
thank U, i will try :)))
Best of luck. I think NWN(not the MMO) still has RP servers if you wanna get into that ol' game. I'm sure there are still plenty of RP communities out there elsewhere though. DND might be a bit harder to get into -- assuming you try to get into either.
im sorry but i have no clue what NWN is lmao
omggg i have a boyfriend now!!! YIPPEE!! ^_^
soo how do i get in touch with you
Umm discord??
Why is eating cardboard instead of food bad lol? Cardboard is all I can afford.
you said that like its an obvious answer lol 
just had to download discord and register it...
pinacoolada#6328
just had to download discord and register it...
Boomer.
im not... i just always avoided it because it looks cringe
I'm not being literal, just poking fun at you. I'm also not that girl, in case you're worried.
