Can somebody tell me why he was stuck as a virgin with rage?
1. he wasn't socialized correctly at a young age
2. he did not have a good friend group at any time in his life
3. his parents did not guide him to a path of success
4. he had an unrealistic view of women and dating
He hasn't even been a virgin for over a decade now. He also recently porked his mom.
Poor parenting and a lack of intervention
5. he was tortured by hundreds of people using reasons 1-4 as a justification
I think it's deeper than that. He has a brother who turned out pretty normal. Chris has something wrong with him aside from his environment (although the environment didn't help)
I agree
desu this feels like it can apply to like 80% of all guys born and raised in the US. I think it's honestly more than that.
autism and weirdo narcissist parents. that was how it started and then when chris gained an "internet following" it was all over for him
did you really not mention the only one reason? turbo autism
He so needed a cute girl his age
Chris would have been able to be a bottom tier wagie working at walmart based just on his intellectual capability and ability to drive. The stuff that makes him seem so fucked up before the internet trolling is how his parents totally failed in teaching him anything or allowing him to get help. The things that they actually did when they interacted with Chris when they werent off at the bars or playing with their junk, was shit like paying girls to be his 'friends'
https://youtu.be/nlgiKgr8sAQ [Embed]
i think he is very retarded and that would be all kek.
Let's just get to the point. Barb and Bob are/were stupid losers. They are ambition-less hoarders collecting pension waiting to die and to finally be done with existing.
They had kids because "that's what you" in the 70s, they expected to throw him out at 18 and he goes and lives his shit miserable life until it's his turn to hoard and die. They had no expectations for him beyond living a life of poverty and meaninglessness and that's assuming he would be a normal man and not a full-blown asperger's retard.
I don't believe Chris ever had sex with the hooker. He claims she was Cherokee which is a tribe he has always been obsessed with. He has lied about having a GF doing softcore sex stuff many times before. I DO believe he raped his mum.
t. PhD in Christory
Cole has been a bum his entire life, he managed to marry a rich woman and leech off of her, which is ironically Chris' dream life. Bob's kids, on the other hand, are a doctor and a PhD maths expert.
Bob's had three kids. Two went on to become a doctor and mathematician. What have you accomplished?
Well, he did a shit job of raising them or did something to push them away if they let him alone to rot in his hoarder-house with their retarded little brother.
Maybe his first wife had genes for high intelligence.
Aww, what would your advice be to a grown adult who's parent makes a choice they disagree with? Shit on the floor and cry like a baby until they come back home and cook your tendies?
Why do all of the jerks
Get all of the pretty girls?
Shit on the floor and cry like a baby until they come back home and cook your tendies?
That reminds me...MUUUUUUMMMM MY TENDIES ARE LATE!
