Like a 4 personally, maaaybe a 5 if the woman looks particularly weak/disabled/otherwise vulnerable.
Solid 7 but only if I see things escalate to violence or very abusive verbal abuse. What I mean is seeing a verbal altercation depending on the context could make me feel like stuff'd escalate, so maybe I'd hang around the place to make sure stuff doesn't get violent, I wouldn't break it outright, that wouldn't be reasonable, and also I'd do that for pretty much anyone, not just women.
7 if it's looking one-sided and the guy seems like the abuser. If they are both randomly talking shit to each other, don't give a fuck.
When it comes to our queen, Iris, I am a solid thirteen out of ten. For all of the rebellious challengers, I am a negative one million. The Knights of the Order of Saint Iris the Martyr will never rest until all false idols have been driven from this place. We defeated the Frog Army and the Cultists of Vultz but we do not rest on our laurels. We wait, ready for the next heresy to arise.
3. There are reasons for women to be beaten. Sometimes they deserve it.
4. Maybe I'd intervene if she was being harassed by an obvious stranger. But if it was like a domestic violence situation, I'm staying out of it. 9 times out of 10, she'll side with the man abusing her.
Maybe a 4 at most a 5
4 but mostly because the law in my country would fuck me for not helping
2 fuck the selfish ungratefull egotistical leeches that we call women, would be 1 if not for jail
3, a strange woman has never done anything kind for me, I don't see why I would do anything kind for strange women.
Somewhere between 3 and 5. It depends on the circumstances.
3. Maybe a 4 depending on whether or not I have sandals on
actively prowl the streets to protect women
Fuck. If only all men would be like that these days. But they are not. Probably never were. Chivalry is dead. Truly.
The one thing that bothers me about the image is how it only refers to girls, we should strive towards protecting everyone equally, I'd also defend a guy if I saw a woman assault/abuse them.
basic decency = whiteknighting
jesus fucking christ i hate moids
10 ofc it's just pure power many are simply unworthy and what says otherwise the dark side aka sexism
3, and even then only a select few relatives. Women would never do the same for you; even if you were being beaten to death and they had a gun they would still leave you to fend for yourself without a second thought.
Would be 10 but not because I want sex with women but because I just want to LARP as a cool chivalrous knight
3. I ain't dealing with lawsuits of random people.
Extremely untrue, who hurt you to the point where you seriously started to believe that?
Putting your life on the line for a random woman is basic decency
God I hate holes and their narcissism so fucking much
3 is the only correct choice.
Fuck the other options.
I'd say I'm a 3. I know that most of my female relatives are good people, can't say the same for other females. Good people deserve saving, bad people don't. That is my take.
Think people would stretch both to a form of vigilantism, which would not be great. People tend to ruin everything great. 
I guess it would not be bad if a person would have common decency to butt in when there is a violent situation or something. Where one side is visibly losing or is weaker.
i woould fall under 2
number one bros report in
Maybe don't run your fucking mouth at someone that can strangle you to death (ie: every male over the age of 12), cunt. 
I kind of want to convert to Islam so I can beat my wife and remind her that she'd be a whore anywhere else.
NTA and I am a male so you don't get to dismiss my point with your misogyny, it's not just putting your life on the line for a random woman, it's about putting your life on the line for a fellow human being, that has hopes and dreams for the future just like you, that has a right to live, this is why this thread is stupid, you shouldn't help someone just because they're women, I'd do the same for men, we all deserve to be protected.
She is right, it is basic decency.
Doing something when people wouldn't do the same for you
Oh no you're retarded.
Probably about a 3 oregano
Yeah you're right, I think we should just teach people to be more humane, to have that basic level of decency towards another person, but ultimately organized forms of peacekeeping should be left to police for the most part.
You are a subhuman, failed man. I hope you die getting beaten up by some abusive bf you annoyed by playing white knight for his gf when he was shouting at her in public
How do you know that? You're the one that is projecting your beliefs onto everyone, I wouldn't let you die even if the more posts of yours I read, the more I think you're a sack of shit.
I am the failed man here? You're the selfish piece of shit who only cares about himself, I thought being a man was about being strong and protecting those who cannot protect themselves, you are pathetic in my eyes.
Yeah for sure a woman would step up and risk getting beaten to death when she sees a man getting assaulted or harassed by another man. Are you autistic or just really fucking retarded?
where does "actively working on the eradication of womankind" fall on that scale
Go white knight for some ho getting yelled at and beaten by a nigger on a corner.Then give someone in the holding tank a blowie so you can post the results from a contraband phone. Captain Faggot. Don't forget your cape.
Yes simps and white knights are failed men. No it is not selfish to not be a white knight
Maybe a girl wouldn't get physically involved because they aren't as strong as men on average, but they would call authorities instead of watching you get beaten.
Don't project your weakness upon me, I am a big guy and I can fend off for myself, I'd gladly defend you if I had to, because you might as well be a woman.
You should team up with me, let's be knights together and go beat up people.
Hell yeah brother, finally someone who speaks my language!
Meaning most women wouldn't do more than most men here, fucking retard
7: Won't step in with the "Dude back off", but will stop to observe if it goes any further than that
5: If it looks like the guy is some rando she doesn't know, like getting catcalled going too far, yes. If it looks like a boyfriend/girlfriend situation, generally no.
Thanks to anyone who would protect us. Imagine ur mother sister or grandmother being beat and raped only for someone to ignore her because women are all whores according to them
If you pick anything but 3 you're subhuman
Ooh, big stronk man say big stronk words on internet! Thank you for saving me though uwuwuwuwuwu!
The streets aint going to clean themselves up, brother. It's time we become the jannies.
4
Does yelling and calling the police mean intervening? Because that's what I would probably do unless I see myself as fully capable of reducing the attacker. I would do the same if the victim was male, how is that being whiteknighting?
Reported to the FBI for organizing white supremacist vigilantism against minorities settling their disputes with females via dog whistle coded language.
5 Anything more is unnecessary.
Who breaks up a verbal altercation?
Like, what?
No. I am immune because I have the race card, I am two steps ahead of you.
3. I'm not helping any hoe dumb enough to be out in public by herself
I'm actually a nigger 
No wonder you're such a humorless, braindead golem that can't understand long-term consequences.
-The chud smirked to himself- "Heh, really showed him who's the boss"
For real now, I am no longer worried about you hurting women irl, your behavior single handedly proves you'll never get close enough to one.
at the least, 4 but 5 with the context of her being assaulted from being provoked by someone (another woman as well). e.g. an aggressive dindu yelling at a woman for no reason and then proceeding to assault when the woman isnt escalating or provoking anything. would do the same in defense of a man. i'm not going to have double standards cause im not bias like retard incels that hate women because they cant breed
This is a very based post.
3 at the most. I'm not risking my life for a fucking stranger.
You're worried about roasties you don't even know, darkie? Niggers really are on another level of stupid. 
C-chud! 
Lol
Anything is better than being a fucking subhuman African, and we both know that.
My boyfriend is around 7 on the scale, interesting that most incels are quite low.
Keep sperging, watching you flail like a worm under the scorching sun greatly amuses me.
NTA, isn't it funny how the black guy has a better moral compass than you? I thought it was supposed to be the other way around.
5, no reason to be Mr. Boyscout for some verbal altercation
I'm a solid 3, with the understanding that a gf counts as a relative. Heck, I'd also intervene if the victim is a friend/other close person of a relative. But women who are strangers will get no assistance from me.
Women are immoral creatures that need to be beaten occasionally. We both know jumbonegro would beat a child to death if it accidently said the N word. 
You're just a nigger. I don't care what you think about anything.
5, but i would do it for guys too
unless its clearly self-made, consequence of own stupidity, then i wouldnt give a fuck and just go my merry way
Nah, sorry buddy, but I had a father figure growing up that taught me not to discriminate and to help those in need, I am sorry your parents failed you.
Not sure if I'd actually be 7 or 3, but definitely not 6, sex is gross.
I'd probably be trying to flatter myself if I said 2 and maybe almost a 3. Not really a 1 I'd at least want a safe word or something women are so disposable that you can pick up another one I don't see why anyone would want to rape them. I don't particularly enjoy beating people. I guess I'd have to go with 2 even though I'd like to think I'd stick up for someone other than myself since I have before I'd probably watch how that plays out just to confirm my suspicions they're a fucking idiot.
depends on context. if there is a gang rape going on i'm not going to get stabbed and bootfested unless its a relative or disabled woman. if there is just one dude and he isn't some roided up gorilla i could probably hit him over the head with a stone or something bumping me up to a 4 but only if i'm already outside. i wouldn't leave my apartment to intervene in anything. i'd call the cops in that case.
but not 5. some woman getting pushed or punched isn't my business unless i've seen the whole picture and the guy doing it is clearly in the wrong but not by default.
HOLY SHIT i just witness a murder
Father figure
Not father
Lol every time
Hey man, he's not just some father figure. That's his high school basketball coach
Sits jamalaquin down after some hoops and grape koolaid
" Ay yo, we be knowing that white man be the devil, but white pussy? Fucking finger licking good my lil nigga. So you see a white bish in trouble, you fuck that otha nigga up and get dat white pussy lil dawg. They be call that keeping it real where I is from, nigga. Ayo, wanna go check some houses real quick, see who gone and who gots a playstation?"
I know it was a joke, I was just playing along retard.
yea ive been a 7 before, but mostly a 5. if i see someone being raped ill break it up but usually dont care past that
a mix of 2 and 3
if one of my family members gets beat up others will think we are weak and attempt to beat up the rest
they might be cute and make me release le happy chemicals
someone has to prolong the bloodline 
not much else would make me protect a female. whether they are being beaten or skinned alive.. not my problem. they had to go out of their way to end up in such situations and deserve the outcome
3 but not just because they're women, i'd do the same for the men too. family is the only thing that matters to me anymore. fuck society.
I could see situations where I would do 7, so 7.
The chart is pretty stupid though.
For example:
Trying to sleep
Neighbors are screaming at each other so loud I can't sleep
Go over and break up verbal altercation/call the cops and have them deal with it
black guy has a better moral compass than you?
He isn't doing it for "moral" reasons, he'd do it because nogs are desperate for any and all opportunity to attack someone, justified or otherwise.
implying I'm a nigger
Kek, projection is a sign of being niggerbrained. Stop taking shit online seriously.
We aren't in 5th grade anymore, you don't get to use no you as a defense.
Not a nigger
"I have the race card"
Pffft hahaha, only nogs get the race defense when they commit crimes, retard.
women can easily protect themselves if they buy a gun and pepper spray. If its a little girl I might consider it but otherwise she is perfectly capable on her own.
Retard, any non white gets a jail-free card. Bad joke and deadpan sense of humor maybe, either way I'm not the one who chimped out and projected I just wanted to have fun LARPing.
Im a 7. I assume most men are.
most men are a 7 in their minds but probably only a 3 or 4 in reality.
Why would I defend a random woman? I can't even find a faithful partner.
2.5 but up to 4
all these fucking nerds 
I was joking around you silly nigglets, I like any nigger that visits this bored better than my "fellow" white normies desu, but women still need a firm slap from time to time, regardless of their racial makeup, ethnicity or identity.
I alternate between 2 and 3. I'd be a one if it weren't for police.
probably a three if im being honest
it is just pure power
4-5? Somewhere in that area
If it was ruby getting raped by a violent homosexual, I'd give him a thumbs up and tell him to punch the little queer in the testicles after he nuts.
Where do you fall on the white knight scale
3.
2
Women can fuck off. I want nothing to do with them. If one was getting raped I'd keep walking or record it just to upload it online for people to jerk off to.
t cuckold who fucks around with strangers so important women to him can get raped
I'm two
What are you even talking about, you fucking esl shitter? Don't project your latent cocklust on me. Everything I've seen you post has been pathetic, meaningless garbage. You're just fucking pathetic. Feel free to respond like the little egotistical faggot everyone knows you are, Im not gonna bother reading it.
whatever cuck go prep ur wifes bull
5 if I had the power to. 2 otherwise.
Are you still in your honeymoon phase? Ask her.
it's about putting your life on the line for a fellow human being, that has hopes and dreams for the future just like you, that has a right to live
Yeah, men. Have you not had experience with women?
Someone post twitter pic of the white knight who tried to save a woman from some guy and then both the woman and the guy teamed up to beat the shit out of him
3. I'm a simp for my gf and I'm not ashamed of that
4 but would be 5 if I wasn't obese because then I'd get my ass beat too
I will not defend anybody, what if the guy beating them has a knife or a gun? Fuck that.
If i am guaranteed they are unarmed, 7. If i am not, 7 if its my mother, 2 any other person on the planet.
I'm a 4 but only if the one doing the beating is a man
3, roasties deserve everything they get, if she is getting raped by an immigrant I would like to remind her how she voted
You vill die for ze woman
No way, I don't care if she is raped
Unironically 2
NTA and I am a male so you don't get to dismiss my point with your misogyny
Don't worry I'm still dismissing it because you're clearly a faggot
it's not just putting your life on the line for a random woman, it's about putting your life on the line for a fellow human being
I hate humanity as a whole
that has hopes and dreams for the future just like you
I don't have that at all, kek
that has a right to live
What has she done to earn the right to live? Likely nothing because she's a weak foid
I would not protect anyone in any situation no matter the gender.
Not my problem.
