<comment>
If I had gotten that wage slave job 5 years ago now I would have 50k in savings and on my way to making making it investments, plus my own place too.
time is a brutal.
<comment>
or your savings would have been wiped out by debt, rental costs, housing costs, an unexpected medical emergency from overwork, bank closures, etc.
most people who work are barely scraping by, even those who work good jobs. its not what you're envisioning. its shit.
<comment>
I mean I got a wagie job and have had it for 2 1/2 years and moved back in with my parents after moving out for 2 years. Saved up 20k in the 2 years I moved out, and in the past 6 months living with parents I've saved up an additional 11k.
Rent is the big issue if you want to keep what you earn.
<comment>
debt
no
rental costs,
nope, eu, and all accounted for already
housing costs
above
unexpected medical emergency from overwork
maybe, if I were a bitch (which I already was by not getting a job)
bank closures
??
most people who work are barely scraping by, even those who work good jobs.
did you reply to my last thread? I made exact same one and had same responses but missed to respond
an no, people live better than I can ever imagine actually, this is at the bottom of the barrel life I am describing here for a single white male, with a good job and no expenses I would have unfathomably more money saved
if people are barely scraping by, by living above their means (in eu), right at the limit, they do so because they have frivolous spending habits, too high housing costs that they bought, fifteen streaming services, accounts, cars
its not what you're envisioning. its shit.
no, life is very easy
rent is not that high, depending on where I live ofcourse, but it already has been accounted for
<comment>
Yeah this.
This also implies you're willing to pay taxes and car insurance and other Jew bullshit. You're not going to be saving as much as you think.
<comment>
Europoor
thinks getting a wagie job will save him
And that's how I know this is a shill thread. People aren't going to go work at Walmart and be a cuck unlike you, sorry glownigger. The collapse is inevitable.
<comment>
blah blah blah shutup retard you are inventing nonsense to try to be right. seethe mald cope dilate and touch grass.
<comment>
Ive technically made like 250k plus or whatever over my time at my wageslavery, but I spend my money mostly on weed, booze, cigarettes and fast food/restaurants that it doesn't matter. I still have "disposable" income, but no real ambition to put it to work for me. I hate my life and I hate my.job and I'd rather just be a poor NEET again. At my age, it just isn't very feasible. Everything is fucked and the usd will consistently lose value from here on out. My life was just a really long compound mistake. I see little point in moving out of my parents with it, and eating up the little bit of resources I have to comfort myself through this hellish world.
<comment>
rents not high
Lucky you here the price of rent here has jumped from 1k to 1.7k median since 2010.
<comment>
taxes
forced to
car
none
You're not going to be saving as much as you think.
expenses are locked in, what raises savings is higher income
I would essentially live the same even if I had a higher pay
which if my pay increases all additional goes to savings, which would easily double, triple it and so on
but not really no
waging wont save anything, what it fuels is my escape in forms of investments
that is the only out unless you want to make a higher salary, make a business
im sorry people dont save their money and burn through it for no reason
idk what to say
they key point here is that I would be in the exact same situation as now, just with more money
as such this outcome is the worse one, regardless
250k
thats nothing for an american(tm)
My life was just a really long compound mistake
most feel this way maybe yes
if you are really pro you can probably catch a 1room apt here for 350
500-700 is like the bare minimum though
1k+ is probably only newly built and larger apartments
<comment>
thats nothing for an american(tm)
I know. I'm lucky that my job requires so little effort, because I just don't want to participate anymore. Thought about investing a bit, but I'd probably fuck that up like I do with everything else.
<comment>
well in total I've lost even more money and the compounding interest from not working from being away for more than a decade from working..... so it's even worse
<comment>
Or maybe I should just embrace the TatePill and don't worry about small savings because they won't lead to anything and spend all money instead
this only works if you make it out of the 9-5 though, and hard to argue that 10x's in the stonks market with your accumulated savings wont save you either....
<comment>
They fuck you no matter who you are if you're not already from a family that's part of the club anyway, honestly. I just don't want to play this game any longer. I want to do as little as possible at work, as many drugs as my body can handle to forget I'm a slave, and then die relatively early in my sleep of heart failure or some shit.
<comment>
Assuming that I had a living wage all along, perhaps I could have saved perhaps 85K over the 17 years that I have otherwise NEETed. As it turned out in my one year of wage-cucking, I was simply too autistic to survive in a job long term. Now I simply wait for UBI in my non-burgerland location.
It's a shame that I am so unemployable and that wages and jobs turned to shit under globalism, as I could have been a great saver as a no-lifer incel, who never left home but inherited the apartment tenancy all the same. I actually could have made and saved some money and made it work, despite this collapsing system. Instead, wage-cucking and being forced to deal with the public is just too fucking unbearable for autists.
<comment>
everyone can be financially independent coming from a wagie family, actually, if you werent set up for life by your parents already from the get go you come from a low iq retard family, ive already done the math
however if people did this society would crumble
you have to a be trillionaire billionaire to make it out of wage slavery
you are retarded, stop
17 years i could have saved atleast 100k accounting for the worst possible scenario possible, more like 200k accounting for a bit more plus interest
neetbuxxers and autists already made it if its all they need 
sadly dealing with gov is retarded and probably more pain than working and too little pay either way
<comment>
I got dumped 2 years and 2 months ago and never quite recovered because I never just went ahead and drastically changed my lifestyle. I regret it but I'm trying to motivate myself to accomplish it in a week on a dare to myself.
I've spent so much time planning and never executing.
<comment>
dumped from a job or gf (Lol) i dont get it
most people who work are barely scraping by, even those who work good jobs. its not what you're envisioning. its shit.
to re-iterate, if I had the average salary I would be saving 100k in these 5 years time, doubling that of just waging at a dead en job with no qualifications, thats only the avg 40k, still
not even good jobs, good start at 60k really
normal wagies have an extra 25k to spend a year after all expenses are paid, and people are struggling? this is dead average
idk
