Is 2 million dollars a lot? Am I considered rich?
Is 2 million dollars a lot?
yes.
Am I considered rich?
no because you live in your mother's basement.
How rich are you in life experiences though?
Yeah its a decent bit. You probably would have no problem getting into any country you want if you feel like living somewhere random.
2 million at age 20? Yeah. 
2 million going into retirement? You're doing well, but I don't think that qualifies as rich.
it's enough to comfortably neet for the rest of your life if you aren't dumb with money
I am about to turn 30 with 2 million.
You could live fairly comfortable off of 2 million dollars for probably around 40 years, maybe 30 years if you bring a NEET gf into the equation, maybe 50 years if you're single and more frugal
I think there's also the problem of you getting taxed and potentially only coming away with 1 million instead of being able to use the whole 2 mill without any interference from the money masters
It's not bad if you're talking about liquid assets and not net worth. But at 30 if you have 2 mil in liquid assets you can do a lot. You could start up a small business, save more for retirement, travel wherever you want, buy nice items within reason. I would still be financially prudent about it all though, even in a good position like yours.
If you haven't already, get a financial advisor or something. If you're a degenerate, you can still fuck your life up. 
If you do things right, you can live a very comfortable life. Not "never work again" territory, but very comfortable with an early retirement.
If you do things right, you can live a very comfortable life. Not "never work again" territory, but very comfortable with an early retirement.
You could probably get away with part-time hobby work that you enjoy instead of an actual wagie "job" job, as long as it's a little profitable . If you have that type of money it's really easy to blow it if you're not at least a little careful. As an early 30s NEET with no money I am quite resentful to even be talking about this
yes
yes
if i had that kind of money, i would neet for the rest of my life.
Here in Los Angeles it's considered poor
you should donate some at kick.com/leafy ty
