MD AMA
once again alone and bored in my few resting ours during my 24h shift at the hospital, so ama, i cannot sleep so might aswell do somethig
have you ever pissed and shitted in a turdwhore's mouth
have you ever farted and shitted and pissed cum into a nasty retard turdwhore's gaping mouth
what has gone wrong in your life for you to end up here asking that?
have you ever shitted farted cum pissed farts and turds into a nasty retard turdwhore's eager open mouth?
Do you feel guilt when giving addictive medication such as opioids?
have you ever farted shit and pissed cum into a retard turdwhore's waiting oral orifice?
Do u see suicide cases
Do u see shit fart cum piss cases?
i am from europe not usa, so we only give them when literally every other option in the analgesic stairs has already been tried and failed
What is wrong with my legs ? I can see movement under the skin like water and I can feel movement in the muscles without me moving them
at night I notice it the most
have seen in the ER, yes
How did you get through medschool?
I'm studying Compsci and remembering stuff is hard. I'm smart but my memory is bad if that makes sense.
I am doing an internship and get some work experience from there but I struggle with the theoretical subjects where I have to recall from memory.
it is normal that some muscular fibers contract by themselves, specially in the biggest muscles, so np
studying a shitton. Specially for the exam to access residecy. 1year studying 10 to 12 hours a day 6 days a week
it's not the biggest muscles it is the carve muscles and it looks like electric pulses firing or worms under the skin
I wish doctors in the US cared about us :(
its normal. Unless you have full contractions of the muslce that forbid you from using them, no need to worry
Lame boring ass LARP
At least pretend to be something interesting not a generic fucking doctor. Show picture of hospital at the very least or LARP confirmed. (But it's very obvious already)
This is what it looks like, drives me mad when i notice it
a pic of a weird af case i am reviewing literally now
yeah i know what it is, 0 need to worry its normal
are you a robot? are you a normie? are you a sex haver?
how has being a doctor changed your romantic life?
imo, if being a doctor doesnt get you pussy, it just feels like such an astronomical waste of time. id rather not
i have kissed literally 1 girl my whole life, my current gf, met her at medschool 4 years ago and nowadays we living together. Tbh to this day i am amazed that a woman, in general, and specially her likes a semi autistic nerd like me
first date i literally ranted for half an hour about how the dry uterus of Mary I of england and her inhability to give Felipe II of spain a son has been the worst thing that happened to pre napoleonic europe
also ngl, the hospital is a whore house
i have hard uneven lumps inside my foreskin. they dont hurt but i can feel they are there sometimes. they showed up little over a week ago, swelled and has since shrunk some but are still there. its not so much one lump as much as a cluster without a specific shape. i tried prodding but after breaching the skin nothing came out, no blood, nothing.
what the fuck is going on there?
sounds like an std to me, prob herpes
In what do you specialize?
There's nothing weird about intestines in the thoracic cavity
What are the pros and cons of your job?
Do you enjoy probing patient's prostate? You faggot?
what aspects could be automated to make hospitals more efficient?
Is it true Scrubs is the most accurate depiction of what it's like to work in a hospital?
Would you consider yourself more of a Dr Cox or a John Dorian?
paediatrics
this mfr was born without half a diafragma, and just lives like this
pros: salary, the job is amazig regarding personal satisfaction, not repetitive
cons: the 24h shifts, having to work some weekends, and some people that are deeply retarded
I've got acne deep beneath the skin, probably cystic, and I can't stop scratching it. I look like a meth addict, constantly covered in scars. Is there anything I can do other than take accutane? I didn't want to take it because of the potential side effects.
triage and interpretation of rx/tc/rm
In what country do you work?
unironically yes, but with even more whoring
now a JD mainly bc i am still a resident, god knows how i will end up
Imagine going to drain a pneumo/hydro/hemothorax and you get farts and shidd :DD
in spain
What software do you use in hospitals?
i took 6 xanax (they were legit) and drank 5 beers. why am i still here doc?
my hospital uses a progarm that runs on fucking windows explorer :)
thats literally nothing and wont kill you
benzos are useless regarding suicide
wana unalive yourself?
take +20 pills of 1 g of paracetamol
Anything under 40% is for pregnant women and newborns. Try rectified spirit
Can you name it?
I think you missed my question.
why, to doxx myself?
tbc rocutan is the only solution, and if you do it methodically and follow what the doc says there shouldnt be side effects
I'm half convinced vision has slightly deteriorated in my right eye, dexterity has slightly deteriorated in my right hand, and the joints and muscles on the right hand side of my body feel tighter or shorter or less flexible, noticeably my neck
I might just be paranoid hypochondriac.
It seems to come and go.
Should I be worried?
tylenol? Idk, had a family friend take a whole bottle and he's still around. how about percs?
tried getting H, but no dealer around wants to sell it. thanks for the info on benzos tho, i didn;t know that.
you can go get checked
a electro miography would be nice maybe a tc
99% its nothing , but going doesnt hurt, and its free so
paracetamol, its deadly and unless they give you a liver transplant in 24h you are dead
Why are MDs in general so dogmatic when it comes to taking NDEs seriously? Because NDErs are convinced by their NDEs, and at least some of them understand the hallucination theory as well as MDs do.
b-b-but NDEs are dreams or hallucinations somehow
Already explicitly refuted in the literature you likely have not read on NDEs.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
"As my soul left my body, I found myself floating in a swirling ocean of multi-colored light. At the end, I could see and feel an even brighter light pulling me toward it, and as it shined on me, I felt indescribable happiness. I remembered everything about eternity - knowing, that we had always existed, and that all of us are family. Then old friends and loved ones surrounded me, and I knew without a doubt I was home, and that I was so loved."
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
its evolution
when you experience massive pain your body literally numbs it all and you stop feeling it
when you experience a traumatic exprience your mind blocks it so you dont remember it
when you are dying it does the same, if while dying you actually experienced the utter fear of death and started panicking it would be hard for others to help you, so your body induces you into a hallucinatory state so you are calmed and have more chances of surviving
welcome to basic biology
Do you have any nurse fwbs/gfs?
my gf is a medical resident like me, we have been dating since 4th year of medschool ( here medschool is 6 years)
If I'd told you i was feeling less articulate in speech and thought recently too would that change your opinion? :(
