And will you give me your discord so I can be your personal male servant and simp for you your grace? I promise to be a good boy and do what mommy asks.
You aren't special for wanting this it's literally most men here. Women want someone to dominate them and are tired of all thrse men having issues with their mothers. You might find some vile fat tranny though.
Women want someone to dominate them
its all so tiresome
Women want someone to dominate them and are tired of all thrse men having issues with their mothers
Personally, I'm tired of women being like that as well. Why can't they just at least strive to be equals? It's a bit disgusting to see them being lazy, weak slobs.
I have a fantastic relationship with my mom, zero issues. The desire for a strong female relation simply comes from constant rejection and work towards that rejection. 
If you want a man to dominate you you can't be the one that decides if he reproduces or not.
Why do you need a woman when you can 
GO ON GRINDR AND GET TOPPED!
Everyone on grinder is really old, or black or both and all of them are bottoms.
Do you like soft feminine men 
Yes
who like to get dommed by you?
No
Men who want to be dommed by women make me physically ill. If I ever had the pleasure of conversing with one of these subhumans I would immediately make him cut his genitals as a sorry for failing our society.
tfw had a gf like this
I don't think I'll ever be lucky enough to have someone like that again
No I feel physical disgust from submissive men. I left my ex for my current bf cause he was a sub. Dont know why so many men these days are, laziness? It goes against their nature as moids.
laziness
perhaps related
the fantasy of the woman taking charge takes the fear of rejection out of it for the man?
its mostly just coomer fantasy for me
when i actually have intimate interaction with a girl anything and everything makes my dick hard for her and i just want to take her
laziness
Projection, women want a dominat bf so they just have to stay in a pose and let him drive all the act and take every decision
Not because you're submissive but because you're a lazy powerbottom
Getting pegged is so gross. I wouldn't mind if a girl took initiative and wanted to ride me, but a complete role-reversal is just spiritually homosexual. The only things sub about me is I like being teased and I want to eat a girl out.
My ex was totally disgusted with me and left me for crying when my family died.
So I laughed at her and she cried for hers. What a horrible little cunt.
Men have the penis so sex is always gonna be more work for them, even if its just vanilla sex in missionary. The only reason I could think of a man not being dominant is laziness and not wanting to do the physical work of sex or porn fried mind. Acting as if women arent submissive is a giant cope. Even if they are dominant with you, there is always a guy out there who they will want to be submissive with. I speak from experience. As mentioned my ex was a sub and I was fine being dominant with him but when I met my current bf things changed.
turning 22 in about a week
Am I too old to get a mommy gf?
You have a year exactly.
