How come white people aren't cool and tough like the nazis anymore?
At what point is something considered racist on this site?
I don't know but I'm not being racist it's just a pepe bro
If they were so tough why did they get pounded into oblivion by the Soviets?
Why is racism considered bad? What is there ARE differences between the races?
Because jews are arrogant little cunts who think that having their people be forced to do some actual work for once was akin to genocide. They despise White people so much, but can't defeat us physically, so had to scheme and connive their way into power, changing the fundamentals of society and indoctrinating young men to become weak, effeminate egalitarians who worship niggers.
They went swinger against the world and lacked resources and population it's not complex.
What I mean is cool and tough like how they performed in the Olympics.
The point is Russians are a lot cooler and a lot tougher.
This, children, is an example of a glownigger fishing for patsies.
Nigger hands wrote this post. Nigger.
Yes mate losing to Finland, very cool indeed.
I'm probably whiter than you lmao
The nazis are the baddest motherfuckers this world has ever seen, nobody comes close to being as cool as them
Idk man. White people used to be so cool but now they're kind of cringe 2bh f4m.
Fucking nigger, white people are the ONLY actual people on this shitty little planet. Poopskins are designated slaves. Why do you think you're the color of shit, you fucking nigger?
Oh great, another thinIy veiIed racist post. Back to /pol/ with you chud.
i think im pretty cool and tough
I think that too anon
Problem is that Finnish are the toughest motherfuckers on planet earth just by their own genetics. It's like Mongols fighting whites, it's not a competition at all.
Also nazis were not tough at all. They just stole their tech from jews and that got them quite far. Besides that they were just meth fueled white trash Hans-s that had no fucking idea what they were actually doing.
Imagine unironically believing this. Lol, lmao, even.
Compared to the soviets? Lmao
How come asian people aren't cool and tough like the imperial japanese anymore?
whites cant even fights
If the soviets were so tough why did they get gulag'd into oblivion by their jewish masters?
whatever race you are is clearly inferior
