What are my actual best chances of finding someone to rape (and get away with it) if there are absolutely no /soc/ anons in my area who are down (susceptible) ?
finding someone to rape
extremely high
and get away with it
extremely low
and get away with it
extremely low
This is actually false. Rape is the crime with one of the highest clearance rates because it is basically theft.
gaycel posturing
Yeah, but the average /r9k/ user is a lot, lot dumber, weaker, and more autistic than the average rapist. They also tend to post autismo manifestos about how all bitches deserve it and you just know the glowniggers love those.
I almost played out a cnc fantasy with a girl I met here, but she pussies out. Not that I blame her, but there are guys that would indulge your fetish.
Just make sure they aren't actually crazy, there are some legitimately fucked up people here.
In theory easy if you know what type of person you're hunting. The /soc/ anons for example are a useful starter for building a profile of the type of person you're targeting. What traits seem to show up in /soc/ rapefetish anons that are recognizable at a distance?
What traits seem to show up in /soc/ rapefetish anons that are recognizable at a distance?
Septum piercing.
That's a start, but actions whittle the pool if you're looking for 0% retaliation. Namely the willing that don't say it but show it through coincidences.
Walking in a dark place late at night known for high crime and low policing red flag if her close appear scarce and easy to remove.
Clothes fuck. Alone fucking crimson for bait if not trying to .
If not in a hurry and looks maybe lost or .
Shalom, glowies. Slow day at the office today?
I want a sex depraved robot to rape me and make me cum so hard I piss myself and then he verbally berates me for both cumming and pissing. Sadly havent found any in my area either.
area code?
You jump straight into asking my area code instead of state or city? You might actually be about it and willing to rape me for reals. But that would be something I share on discord or whatever not here. Most importantly are you in the US?
everyone here is in the US, there's like 3 europoor shitposters that are trying to gaslight you into believing otherwise
I think a good chunk are Canadian. I feel like most of the Asian race bait threads are made by salty Asians stuck in Toronto.
Go to bars, there will be drunk women that you can rape. Just dont cum inside or you can be identified.
tfw nobody will ever rape you
