Time really flies by depeding on your perspective. I've been a NEET since 2019 and its all just been a blur. I still feel like I just graduated high school when I was the happiest I'd ever been cause I could finally just isolate in my room with my distractions. I've enjoyed this time so much that my life is just slipping away and I cant believe its already almost May of 2023. I hope I get my disabilitybuxx or its fucking over. If im forced to work i might just start to stop eating or drinking water and wait for death if I have the will to. Its a hard method but I dont have many options Im willing to take. Maybe it will even land me in a psych ward where my problems are taken seriously and can really have a shot at getting gibs.
Get that loli shit out of my board nigga. Stop victimising yourself. You are a loser neet by your own volition, I am a neet because the niggas in the government have mandated that I remain on my property. We are not the same. I get arrested if I leave my property and you get laughed at for being fat if you leave.
anons choses to boycott society
(you) get cucked by society 
lmao
You are a loser neet by your own volition, I am a neet because the niggas in the government have mandated that I remain on my property. 
Get a load of this poopskin nigger criminal scum lmao. Ever thought of not commiting crimes or just not getting caught? What did you do? Ima guess you dindu nuffin huh? Im not complaining about being a NEET btw NIGGA Im complaining about never being abble to NEET again.
How can you boycott society if you don't break the law? Spewing shit into an empty vacuum doesn't count nigga.
Checked. Criminal nigger absolutely btfo by those quads of truth.
You are a bitch to society because you have to remain on your property while OP chooses to.
Anzu is a NEET mascot. Fucking kill yourself, tourist moron. You don't belong here by any stretch of the imagination.
I am certain that I am twice as white as you, incel nigga. You are almost certainly another American mutt shitting up this board.
You niggas don't belong on the face of the earth pedophile scum.
How can you boycott society if you don't break the law?
By not being a savage ape. Ive never had problems with the law. I may be trying to game the system but I got fucking problems and I want my damn gibs for being forced to participate in clown world. The worst I will ever do is leech a few $100 worth of tax dollars but im atleast not directly hurting people and putting myself on house arrest. You probay deserve it.
OP is too scared to leave his property because he might come face to face with a nigga. He complains about the world and does nothing about it. When I leave I will live a normal life whilst this nigga will remain here for eternity.
I am certain that I am twice as white as you
using nigga unironically
Kill yourself wigger. Maybe you are right though I do have around 14% nigger genes.
You aren't boycotting society nigga. You are leeching off it like a fucking parasite. I am confined to a 1.5 million dollar home, not costing taxpayers a single cent. In fact, I still have a fucking job. I love saying the word nigga because it makes chuds assume that I am an ape. Saying nigga unironically is more based than saying nigger because you can make commies and chuds seethe simultaneously.
seething this hard over fictional pixels and its not even lewd
I expect no less from a criminal ape with poor impulse control and lack of critical thinking skills.
That's two (You)s nigga. Stay away from my white children and stop projecting you pedophilic North American pavement monkey.
Lmao have fun with your normal wagie life. Idc what job you have or how much money you make you are a wagie if you have to work to live in my eyes. Why are you seething so hard btw? Are you mad your NEET time will come to an end or do you absolutely hate being confined to your home by government order? Sucks to be a criminal faggot.
Are you mad your NEET time will come to an end or do you absolutely hate being confined to your home by government order?
Wouldn't you like to know? nigga. 
nothing of note has ever occurred in your life; you have never needed to overcome adversity.
You are the one with the normal life, living in ze pod and asking for gibs like a fucking refugee. This is your signal. Make something of yourself. I have used my time as a neet to make something of myself, this is your signal to go outside and stop feeling sorry for yourself.
I am confined to a 1.5 million dollar home
Nice larp. Even if true lmao at the fact you burned through that much money for a fucking house meanwhile im comfy enough in my cheap small box. If you really were that rich you wouldnt be getting in trouble with the law. You arent boycotting shit either if you are that wealthy.
I want nothing to do with your retarded offspring. I pity you that you arent capable of nuance and cant seperate fiction from reality.
meanwhile im comfy enough in my cheap small box
literally living in ze pod.
If you really were that rich you wouldnt be getting in trouble with the law
I don't live in a nigga infested country where you can just bribe the police.
Yaknow I dont really care about living in ze pod if I get what I want and dont need to deal with stress and work cause i damn well deserve it. I will draw the line at eating bugs though.
stop feeling sorry for yourself.
I dont believe I said or implied that. The only thing that would suck about my situation is not getting gibs. Im the comfiest ive ever been and having a stable income for free would only make it better.
You don't have what you need nigga; that's why you use this board as a coping mechanism.
I pity you, you were supposed to be the future of your country, but you decided to wallow around in your own filth instead of working and helping the economy.
literally living in ze pod.
As i said dont really care if I have what I want. I dont need a 1.5 mil mansion like you to feel happy or content.
I don't live in a nigga infested country where you can just bribe the police.
Not sure what places your desribing or where you're from but im in NA and dont ever hear of this happening. Ever thought about not doong crime? Btw you still havent told me what it was you did. Did you really dindu nuffin?
you use this board as a coping mechanism.
Not really I rarely come here anymore. Too many psyops and baiting which maybe you are even a part of right now so i dont take this place that seriously unlike you seem to be doing. 
I pity you, you were supposed to be the future of your country, but you decided to wallow around in your own filth instead of working and helping the economy.
You really think I care about any of this shit? Literally not my probelm. If a collapse comes it will be interesting to observe and I can die in peace knowing humanity will never change and is doomed.
Anzu is the best and I did not read the rest of this thread
I've been a NEET since 2012, I don't think I have the capacity to follow a schedule, show up regularly and integrate with normalfags
I can't for the life of me fathom why you just willingly choose to do nothing with your life. I'm not even trying to bait when I say this. You could do so much more than just sit in your bedroom and rot away. Even if you don't necessarily interact with people, there is plenty of things to enjoy outside of your house. You could even get a work from home job to fuel your hobbies? You are mentally ill and you need treatment, not fucking handouts. I'm all for people having a safety net if they find themself in a hard spot, but I can't for the life of me imagine being so content with literally doing nothing with your life and existing solely off sucking the government's teet. 
Literally and unironically go touch grass.
i cant fathom you are content with so little.
If you cant fathom it I doubt I could say anything to convice you it's not that bad. Sure it has it's ups and downs but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Get that loli shit out of my board nigga
It's not even lewd...? Kill yourself normalfaggot and I mean that with a 100%
