the accuracy in this is unmatched
You have to establish value before ignoring can work. If you just ignore after exchanging two messages, ofc they won't notice. They have to feel that something is missing.
Baaaaaaw all I think about is sex
I haven't talked to a girl my age irl for over a year so that's bullshit.
Why are men not allowed to state desires and ambitions?
Yes. It is my moral and biological imperative to procreate,tranny
It's not about ignoring or any strategy it's about making friends and having a social life. People who get GFs are people who have friends. People who don't get GFs are people who stay inside all day. If you haven't figured this out yet you're retarded.
Because you should kill yourself instead retard
Not really. One of my online friends is a NEET who just sends me messages 24/7 telling me to hop on War Thunder and play with him yet he's had multiple girlfriends and hook ups because he's handsome. He literally just boots up Tinder and orders girls to his house like pizza.
Getting on tinder still counts as an attempt and if he can do it what's your excuse?
Just come out of the closet already you flamer. I've never described a male friend as "handsome".
Cringe
Wow you must be a shitty friend man baka
Being a passive man is endless torture
Incels try and fail. He's actually good looking though, how else am I supposed to desribe him? Kek
Ask him if he has gold or platinum for me.
He does not pay for any premiums. He livestreamed him swiping in the past but he also lives in LA for context.
I got 5 likes right now Tinder's not letting me see unless I pay for gold, but I suspect they are all fat cunts or prostitutes.
Iktf bro. Last time I tried it, I matched with only bots and 1 cute girl who was a cosplayer. I thought I had hit the jackpot because our convo was great, we moved on to snap and she tells me she's a content creator and wants me to pay her $200 a week to talk to her lmao. Huge disappointment but Tinder taught me where I stand at least
You not really believed for a second that this could work?!
