Post about your true love ITT whether they're or imaginary.
I'll go first:
My /r9k/ trans gf is the cutest sweetest angel ever and we're going to be together forever! &lt;3
piss cum fart sex
I used to be romantic, then I realized I hate spending money. Then I got fat. Then I realized I probably will never be able to hold down a decent job.
Anyway having a girl love you for you and buy lingerie with you in mind is the highest high except for defeating your opponents and surviving a neat death experience. I pray to get to experience it.
i love it when he's cranky and rambles about the things that piss him off, i love when i cuddle him and give him kisses while he's all pouty but eventually gives in and returns my affections.
i love how he motivates me, watches stuff with me, games with me, teaches me stuff.
i love placing kisses on his collarbone and ribs, intertwining my fingers with his.
i wish he was real.
i cant love
A hopeless romantic all my life
Surrounded by couples all the time
I guess I should take it as a sign
(Oh why, oh why, oh why, oh why?)
I'm feeling lonely (Lonely)
Oh, I wish I'd find a lover that could hold me (Hold me)
Now, I'm crying in my room
So skeptical of love (Say what you say, but I want it more)
But still, I want it more, more, more
Go fuck yourself. Fighting for robots my ass
All robots are going to find their true love in this thread.
Seconded. OP needs his hands cut off.
You can no longer even pretend that you aren't a malicious troll.
i'm so in love with a man who doesn't want a relationship. being with him was the most amazing experience i had ever in my life. i just want to kiss him again and suck his dick again and look into his eyes and have him tell me stupid shit and call me mean things. i love him so much. im just thinking about him 24/7 and the possibility that he changes his mind at some point is the only thing keeping me from killing myself
My sheep will come back to me and we can get married March 8th 2024 instead ;_;
I love my sweet amazing boyfriend. We will be together forever.
bumping so more robots can fall in love &lt;3
