I'm 21, 6' and 330lbs with a very large frame(not just fat but also thick bones and stuff). My dream woman is a qt skinny black virgin a year or two older then me. If I got down do like 250lbs could I get a woman like that? If not then what do I need to do to find love? If more of my stats are needed then ask.
there are no virgin women left by 21.
but you meet the minimum height cutoff, however your loose skin will be a problem. you could probably still get someone by 30-35 though if you simp hard enough.
Lose the weight anyway. Your life will be comfier.
There are no virgin women past the age of 16
Lol LMAO what a cope. As if you could find a virgin 18 year old girl. Most of them fuck in high school.
If I have loose skin that won't heal naturally I'll just get plastic surgery. Is there any chance that I'll find a virgin woman? If I can't then I would just rather not date desu.
There are some older virgin women past 21 but there is a reason why they are that way. It's a monkey's paw.
What is the reason? I would be fine with dating a loser shut in NEET, I would prefer it actually.
They're not going to date you anyway and most of them will destroy your life. Religious girls usually get engaged before the age of 21.
"thick bones" lmao
My wrists are 8.5", neck is 20.5" and my shoulders are really wide I mean. I'm also super fat on top of that but people always guess my weight to be lower then it is, probably because the larger frame makes it look slightly less disgusting.
Also they may be some other bizarre reasons. Like a girl I knew, she was fat, short and brown but had a cute face and big tits. She was a virgin because she wanted her first time to be special but she was in a relationship with a married man so she didn't want to go all the way but refused leave him either.
What does standards too high mean in this situation? I'm 6', white and have a pretty well paying job so once I lose weight I think I will probably meet most women's standards.
Women that want to date someone waaay above their league or someone who just doesn't exist, like a prince charming, a korean model or a movie psychopath.
30% of adult women 18-24 are virgins.
