it's another night, still can't sleep, still here posting. still a neet with no job, no degree and no gf. still feel like shit. still getting the chest pains.
I'm tired of this sad life, but I can't do anything to change it. I just can't make myself happy. I tried taking it easy and relaxing. I tried to going out more, I started going to a japanese course and a gym. I tried going to therapy. I just don't know what else I can do. I'm still trying things but nothing really works. maybe it's too late for me idk.
tell me anons, is it too late for me to get a better life?
previous thread: >>73030421 
Stop obsessing over everything and just live
If you don't enjoy living, kill yourself, simple as
is it too late for me to get a better life?
Nah, but you sound seriously weary. Time fixes most things, but we have less time than we think. Maybe you could meme yourself into finding purpose in the poitnless grind, absurdism. I have nothing left so that's what I do. 
B-but everyone says this will pass and they're probably right, the nature of life is transitory...
Stop obsessing over everything and just live
idk I just can't stop
If you don't enjoy living, kill yourself
I don't enjoy living but I don't wanna really kill myself either idk
you sound seriously weary
yep
I think my time is up, it's too late
I wouldn't say it's too late. I'm not smart enough to specifically explain how, but there's gotta be a way to fix things.
I just worry that even then, you'd still be depressed.
I wouldn't say it's too late
idk, it feels like late
there's gotta be a way to fix things.
even if there is a way, it wouldn't matter if I can't find it.
maybe idk, this last few years have been very difficult for me. all I want is some peace. I doubt that I'll ever find it but since I'm still alive, I might as well try.
Same, but i'm deluding myself into thinking my efforts will pay off eventually so i'm happy.
that stopped working for me long ago.
if you get a job what is going to change? now youre just a sad neet with less free time.
probably there are gonna be changes but nothing for the better. I'd rather stay a neet than working a shitty job.
Problem with neetdom is it almost always gets the bad ending. Problem with wageslaving is it too almost always gets the bad ending. We should be demanding 4 day work weeks and revolting against tech and AI, but we all know that won't work either uhhhh
Love this artist style
neetdom is it almost always gets the bad ending
I'm doomed either way
wageslaving is it too almost always gets the bad ending
I'm doomed either way
We should be demanding 4 day work weeks and revolting against tech and AI
jews won't allow it
same
Checking that Lucky get
I wish Tomoko never got an anime so she never got popular.
Iran
Drug addict
