crystal cafe is down
omg will they come here? should we scare the hoes or welcome them??
come here
Bro they're already here farming simps. They've been here for years.
We should welcome them, I mean they are just women. I don't really listen to them 99% of the time.
let's be honest how many cc bitches are O fucking BESE?
we should treat them the way they'd treat us - ban them on sight
it's not fair bros...
origidesu
we should be mature and welcoming to make them mature and welcoming so that guys will no longer get banned on cc
Then make maleanon threads on cc and collect orbiters
im shocked that dump stayed online as long as it did desu. The admin is a fucking retard that literally cannot maintain a website.
We should try to understand their perspectives while respectfully explaining our own and seek to come to a mutual understanding.
DDOS when? I am not encouraging a raid, this is merely a hypothetical question.
this, the mutual relationship between men and women is the oldest and most integral to the human condition
there hasn't been a mutual understanding since women's suffrage
well yeah if one side is pigeon holed into living a certain way with no autonomy, then no trust can exist
trust can only exist if it is voluntary
hope she sees this, chad
chad
thanks
Oh, no!
The crazies will start infesting this board even more.
want to be nice to girls because I actually like girls and want to see even mislead feminists smile
but also want to keep my men's unhinged club and slaughter any intruders
What will it be
form alliance with femcels to slaughter the normalfags
cc is back up
Can't they just use lolcow and farms?
Good.
Hope it never goes down.
We need containment board for crazy cat ladies.
omg will they come here? should we scare the hoes or welcome them??
nail polished, soft and elegant smelling hands typed this post
I've heard of crystal cafe for multiple years now and still have no idea what it is
You think dykes and crazy cat ladies have nicely kept hands?
I'm pretty sure they keep them in awful state on purpose to smash eurocentric beauty standards or some such shit.
femcels are all chronic nailbiters
