how does a man cope with never ever experiencing this
He commits suicide. Why did you post this bullshit thread instead of just offing yourself?
implying that pencil dick can feel anything
GO GET SOME PUSSY NIGGA, if youre going to be like "ermm actually meesa black pilled" than just kill yourself, do everyone around you a favor and end it all so no one has to listen to you complain lol.
By realizing that plenty of men have (religiously) abstained from sexual intercourse and are perfectly happy and content with life, because they don't have a coomer brain that's built on porn that associates everything with sex. 
Seriously though, there isn't one devote christian that walks around depressed about life because he's not getting laid. That shit is solely a ROBOT/COOMER thing who don't have a higher purpose. Cope.
Cope, priests and monks had/have sex all the time
still can't counter his point.
fucking during cosplay is normie/cringe/bpd af. other than that, I am getting normie vibes from seeing SxF cosplayers and larpers irl and on discord. guess I'm not gonna watch it senpaitachi
Billions have lived and died before losing their virginity, meeting their end in war, faith, or otherwise. A limited, privileged few get the opportunity to experience sex like this, and your lust for it is akin to a poor child during the great depression as he watches a wealthy party pass on the river ferry that sails past the orphanage. 
The ferry is full and they don't want you on it.
They "cope" by doing literally everything else.
Doctors, lawyers, scientists, explorers, musicians, basically anybody that has ever done anything interesting tend to be wimpy poindexters or otherwise people that aren't tall jacked cool alpha male.
It's kind of difficult to imagine Steve Jobs as being 6'2 and built like a linebacker.
This is more or less the male existence.
You're either born with a set of genes that spell a high likelihood of reproductive success and walk around feeling like your life was made all the time, or you feel a need to compensate for it and then start coming up with creative ways to enjoy life and to have value according to other people.
you're coping lol
yeah sure
Enjoy basing your existence around moving a fleshy organ in and out of another fleshy organ for 20 minutes.
That's not possible these days. In the past, it was possible for "incels" to find meaning in life doing other things.
Nowadays, everyone is expendable and replaceable.
None of that means anything if your genes aren't passed on to the next generation.
If you don't reproduce, you are forgotten. Your existence is invalid.
If you mean doggystyle like that, I found it to be sadly overrated. So far the ultimate victory for me was cumming in her missionary while I choked her w both hands. 24 years of sexlessness till I got that and it was grand
Still haven't even got a bj let alone throatfucked a girl like this. That's next on my wanted list
imagine someone disabling your imaginary gf/wife to the point this is not possible
I jerk off then forget about it.
That's not something humans are biologically programmed to do. We're programmed to have real sex. Masturbation doesn't satisfy the same urges as the real thing.
Well
If I hit this guy as hard as I could I would probably do serious damage to whatever I touched
Plus, I'm probably way more suited to dealing with troublesome tasks in general than that guy is
Life isn't measured by how much pleasure a person experiences
Life is measured by how much hardship a person can overcome.
Seriously though, there isn't one devote christian that walks around depressed about life because he's not getting laid.
Does he know?
When people talk about me hundreds of years from now, I don't want it to be about how I was a loser who never got laid.
i just live with the pain anon
Serious damage
To a vagina
Retard if woman only want 10 inches dicks, i VERY MUCH doubt anyone can damage anything in a vagina
how does a man cope with never ever experiencing this
It is what it is.
lol that is not true at all, in a 1000 years time you and your children will be long dead and forgotten yet nicola tesla will still be remembered for his contributions to science...........
idk by not caring?
i don't understand what the problem with incels are.
i've gone nearly 3 decades without sticking my dick in a vagina. what is so appealing about those 10 minutes of pleasure?
It's literally the reason you exist. Sexual urges are natural, and sex is the only way to relieve them.
nicola tesla will still be remembered for his contributions to science...
I wouldn't be so sure about that. The great scientists of the far past are already completely unknown to the average person. You may know Einstein. But how many of the ancient asian mathematicians do you know by name? Hell, you already can't remember how to spell Nikola Tesla's name right.
Hire an escort, then make her cosplay Yor forger for you. You can afford it. You can film it. You can do it.
there's so much more to life. sex is risky and kind of putrid. it seems like you only care so much because you've internalized years of artifical societal bullshit.
Paying for sex is shitty advice. Never pay for something 90% of people can get for free.
Inventing jewish fantasies to distract from failing at life is literal cope by definition
I would be happy with one of those 43 year old want kids someday women off bumble because what other options do I have?
at this point i don't want to fuck women anymore i just want them all dead.
Africa's winning at life and smoking all of us because they have like 5 kids a piece.
Doctors, lawyers, scientists, explorers, musicians,
don't fuck easily
absurd levels of cope
Humans are biologically programmed to desire sex, and it's a physical requirement for optimal health.
guess im abnormal.
or maybe you're just a weak minded loser.
nicola tesla will still be remembered for his contributions to science
the only reason he's still remembered at all is steampunk-obsessed trannies, and schizos going for the whole 'tesla invented free energy but jews silenced him' thing
issiac newton, Galileo, leonardo da vinci to name a few however you won't be remembered by anyone in 1000 years time regardless if you reproduce because 'MUH GENETIcS'.............
Nobody will talk about you in the future.
It does exactly, I've had sex and honestly the nut hits the same either way
A lot of nasty little freak bitches love that position. It's a very good position for a couple to take a next step in what is most comfortable for their desires.
You are abnormal. The entire point of life is to have sex and pass your genes on to the next generation.
If you fail at that, your existence is invalid.
He said punch the guy not the girl you absolute retard
I hate masturbation because of the stigma society gives it. It's never treated as a healthy way to relieve stress, it's always portrayed as a last resort for losers.
I'd do it more often if it weren't for the stigma against it.
the individual is the arbiter of purpose, loser.
The girl in the vid is literally a hired pornstar what the fuck are you on about
Why do you care?
You act like all of society is watching you when you jack off
The girl I'm dating loves buttstuff but hates oral. So I never get any
I wanna fuck her throat like that so bad
Also you are not 90% of men. You are the 10%. Pay up or fuck off.
When you have ever seen masturbation be portrayed as anything other than a joke in TV or movies? Whenever it's brought up, it's always meant to convey that the character doing it is a loser.
And the reason for that is society's stigma against it.
you know exactly how
I don't disagree, but not doing it in the privacy of your own home because of how its portrayed on TV is retarded
I'm not going to waste my hard-earned money on something other people can get for free.
I didn't say I don't do it. I said I hate doing it because of the social stigma against it.
yor getting fucking plowed is magical
These people are like a completely different species than me. I can't even imagine doing this.
all of society is watching you when you jack off
no, but Jesus is
I'm honestly so glad I'm not fucked in the head like you and can live normally without coomer thoughts like this. You do know that your comprehension about the world is completely skewed....right?
you have Low T, It's impossible to have high testoserone and big cock and not enjoying sex and cumming inside a warm tight moist vagina
Giga cope. YOU are the one thats fucked in the head if you don't feel any resentment for not being able to have women in your prime.
placing leonardo da vinci in a parallel construction with the likes of actual geniuses newton and galileo
I'm deeply offended.
I wish I had sex when I was still young and full of energy. Now I'm too depressed to fuck.
I missed out on the best sex of my life.
It's impossible to have high testoserone and big cock and not enjoying sex and cumming inside a warm tight moist vagina
this tbqh
dicklets will never understand what it feels like to spread out a vagina with a thicc cock
I cope by knowing that the option to pay to have sex with a girl as attractive as this or more so is always there even if I cannot pick up a girl because I don't even seem like a sexual being to them
idk my wife puts on cute outfits for me all the time its great
Sometimes life is just shit and torture like that. No need to lose extra sleep over it
paying
Paying for most people get for free is pathetic, and you should never do it.
I've tried paying for sex, and it wasn't worth it. Not that the sex itself was bad, but it felt bad knowing that I didn't earn it, and it's just not the same as doing it for real with an actual partner who loves you.
Least aggressive coper trying to protect his schizoid beliefs from the relentless barrage of reality
how does a man cope with never ever experiencing this
By buying a hooker
nobody has sauce?
I fucked a whore once and she had like 800k likes on titktok and was very cute it's all meaningless. when I saw her I was like omg so hot wish I'd fuck her. later find her on the whore site, it's all for nothing just go get laid, in the end we all going the same way
The average person in their 20s has sex 80 times per year. Unless you're rich, I doubt you can afford a hooker 80 times per year.
And hookers suck. It's not just the physical aspect of sex that makes it so great, it's the emotional aspect. Sex with someone you have no connection with or feelings for is no different from masturbation.
And food is why I need to eat but I don't get depressed or chimp out whenever I skip a meal
You have the brain of a literal ape. Kill yourself
Looks are x1000 more important than dick size. You don't get women in bed by showing them your dick, and if you think otherwise you're just a pornsick cumbrain.
If you're attractive enough, women will make excuses for all your flaws. Including dick size. If what you desire is to feel like a chad stud who constantly gets laid your time would be much more importantly spent thinking about your looks rather than penis size.
tldr: If you're a sub 5 and think that you're only missing out on being a chad because of your small dick, you're delusional and were never even in the running.
Get some cosmetic surgery nigga!
Black women are an option
You are not wrong technically but eventually you stop caring about it. If someone was to pay the sex for me I would go in with my dick in my stomach dont even care. Growing up is 2 things, becoming less cringe and stopping caring about so much bullshit
Sex with someone you have no connection with or feelings for is no different from masturbation
Do you think chads and BBCs have feelings for their whores? They see them as fuckmeat only and they are the peak of male performance
You don't get women in bed by showing them your dick,
Women talk. A LOT. Once it's known that you have a huge dick there is nothing else you need to do. Your dick works for you. Girls will feel the need to try it.
abstaining from sex because the sky wizard will be mad at you is perfectly healthy
pathetic sex obsessed thread nr 445217842356715454654
Seriously though, there isn't one devote christian that walks around depressed about life because he's not getting laid
Cope
associates everything with sex
Intercourse and proliferation is all that matter in the world. If you are smart and improve humanity through your creations, like Nikola Tesla- you are still a worthless, pointless, waste of space, genetic abyss if you so not procreate. You must procreate to participate in the true natural cycle, or you will participate in the "selection". If you do not have sex, especially for procreation, you are pointless. Die.
why should one die if one can enjoy life without being a sex obsessed coomer like yourself?
This faggot thinks there are feelings involved everytime normal people have sex.
Damn you really are a virgin.
Listen, you said average person has sex 80 times a year? Well, from those 80 times, with luck 10 will involve some sort of romantic gesture. The other 70 are either a hookup (literal prostitute sex but paid in drinks instead of cash) or literally just two horny individuals wanting to coom and then get to fucking sleep.
source?!?!?!!?!?!
orginal!!
Naomi sorayata
You've never had it with a willing partner, so how would you know? You're just projecting delusions
Are those fake or just super dense
they don't know
it feels really good being a nobody
I can't fathom the amount of genuine cumbrain, braindead retards like OP on this thread.
Do you genuinely think that sex has any meaning in this world?
It's on the same level as getting shitfaced by alcohol, smoking cigarettes, masturbating or whatever else comes to mind, the only reason it is said you "need" sex is because sex, much like the other things I've stated above, relieves stress, in turn causing a lesser risk of a heart attack and other stress-related issues that shorten your lifespan, it's that simple.
Other animals in the animal kingdom don't have sex so they can feel good like us, it's so that they can populate this planet, we can all stop having sex and die out, regardless of whatever you choose, nature moves on nonetheless and preservation of species, your family tree or yourself does not matter one bit in this endless void, you have no "legacy", you have no "uniqueness", you are just another being that eats, shits and sleeps aka. lives in this endless void
As much as I like pussy i can't stand women. I find them insufferable. In my current work place I see less of them so it's good but here to they are just as incompetent and useless as anyplace else. 
You can't get anything done with women around. Just recently one of the bosses has had a serious fallout with upper management because he explicitly refused to take any female employees under him.
Pussy makes it all worth it
But I DID just experience it through this video and it was hot.
If you are smart and improve humanity through your creations, like Nikola Tesla- you are still a worthless, pointless, waste of space, genetic abyss if you so not procreate.
what an utterly ridiculous argument
Tesla's contributions to humanity facilitated the birth of countless hundreds of millions
he might not have passed on his personal genetic code, but to say that he did not contribute to humanity's proliferation is outright retardation
That's not something humans are biologically programmed to do. We're programmed to have real sex. Masturbation doesn't satisfy the same urges as the real thing.
ah yeah sure because the act of applying your own hand to your cock is totally unnatural and only something invented within the past few decades
fucking retard
Hire an escort
where?
You guys have no idea how easy it is to get this on Tinder now. Weird cosplay girls who just wanna fuck within a day are everywhere
if it wasnt for ai, the singularity, and robo-gf's, honestly, i would kill myself
i would commit suicide if it wasnt for the upcoming ai explosion, and everything that will come for it
its honestly such a unbearable, insufferable miserable life. honestly. its so trash
my grand uncle was a priest and he killed himself because his life was an empty void
I found a local escort service from /soc/ once but I goddamn lost the link.
It's like $600 for 30 minutes on average now, by the way.
By escortceling and/or taking the Black Pill and accepting it will never happen naturally.
This is the most NPC take I have ever seen but it's so npc, even you agree it's npc
i dont care if you made the world a better place with your sexual energy not spent on females, celibacy still bad
You are insane. You can't cope with the fact that someone either has sex all the time or never has it
I will be dead in a few decades. You can stand on your head and recite the whole quran backwards to me trying to prove to me why I should give a fuck about anything, i still won't. every pussy that chad will ever fuck will be rotting in a grave in a few years. no one will give a fuck
he got sooooo much pussy
Who cares. I dont know him nor the women he fucked. they can all rot. I still belive giving this many fucks about any aspects of existence is a sign of low iq. i don't even care about my health and well being anymore, I am literally waiting to die any day now because I will be homeless once my mom and dads gone
Your life means nothing if nobody remembers you after you're dead.
You automatically made a copepost and lost the argument the moment you bring up someome else's life experiences as proof. Why not say
I know I was happy all my life without this shit, and I still am
All they can say then is 
no youre lying
But you know you are not lying and are actually ok with your existence. Humans are fragile, but not THAT fragile, to have some discomfort automatically make them kill themselves, that is strictly faggot/autisti shit
Just commit genocide and wipe out humanity. Easy.
and you could change everything about your situation but your too mentally ill to even try. The life you live is entirely your fault and you have no one to blame other than your self. You can get mad at watching others around you have all the things that you will never get to experience desu and tell yourself that its okay cause your attitude makes you /superior/ but at the end of the day you know that's a lie that you just tell yourself because you are an empty husk of a human who could have done something with their life but you chose to sit on your ass.
I didn't choose to sit on my ass. I was rejected from society at an early age.
