Many think that if a 3/10 male starts dating a 10/10 female, the 3/10 gains in status. But what about the 10/10? Does she gain status for not being shallow? Or lose status for dating a 3/10?
I prefer Asian women over "white" "women"
status is not only about looks
if a poor 10/10 girl takes a rich 3/10 then she gains status
Total status NUKAGE. Social DEATH.
The difference between a 9/10 and a 10/10 is subjective, so she'll simultaneously gain and lose status.
Her friends will openly say how great/not shallow she is, but secretly judge her and lose respect for her. Never trust what a woman says, they lie as naturally as they breathe.
Actually I can answer this with experience.
I have an IRL friend that is an actual 3/10.
My IRL friend is like this.
He is an actual 3/10
White but he is 5'5" or maybe 5'6"
He has a very ugly face (ingrown hair on his entire neck and chin) and just ugly facial features in general.
He is rich. He was born rich but he also made a lot of money from work. Like $25+ million in net worth and he is extremely generous with his money. If a friend or gf wants to go to an expensive nice restaurant then he will pay. If a friend or gf wants to travel with him to a luxury destination then he will pay.
He is super fun to be around and really interesting to be around.
He is in his early 30s
His gf is a 20 year old zoomer. She is an instagram model and has modeled in print before.
We are friends from college. I am upper middle class but we still keep in touch.
Women have always loved him. I think a lot of women love him because he can provide them with experiences that are impossible or out of reach for the average person. Like the experience of going on a chartered private jet, the experience of flying to exotic locations, the experience of vacationing in some villa, the experience of being rich. Also he is kind and fun to be around. He has no expecations of others and he isn't that judgy like how middle class people are. He has that type of aloof kindness that can only be had if you were born rich.
I somewhat agree but there are also exceptions see >>73045741
The women he dates are not "poor" but they aren't rich. They are like models, aspiring models, and women that are beautiful but unconnected. These women have enough wealth where they are earning $200,000 a year or come from upper middle class families that earn $500,000 a year.
