Friday night alone posting the regular drivel, cringe, make believe and gimmicks. Get in de lads.
Get in derrre SEASIDE ARMY
At Helsby train station in Cheshire and they've got bilingual Welsh/English signs. Seeing more and more of this, seen it in Shrewsbury and Hereford too
Hope all the goon lids are doing alright there x
Phwoar that's a nice PAWG
I'd like to maxresdefault her if you catch my drift
Proper done my back in earlier
Garn stay in the bed fortress until Monday I reckon
it's almost summer in swanage
what a grim view his bedroom has kek
Corr I love a try on haul. Especially the sheer ones.
Me causally walking past
He spent a hundred bong on an annual train ticket so he will can go to Swanage more frequently now
Oh whoops posted in the old thread me lids. Heres a fookin template, make ssm say something on the paper
And again, I'll start, here's what I made ssm say
cheap for a whole year
Wonder what museum she'll be going to this weekend to feel special about herself.
I thought I would add some items to this room
Yeah pretty good value for money
That webm is your whole life. Bet you're eternally grateful to the BBC cameraman who shot it
It was extremely wholesome.
All refugees should be young females, otherwise it is invasion.
Look what happened to Paris. Never again.
I think people fear Russia because Russia is a country with a soul.
The war is absurd, they are fighting for tiny amounts of land. It is suspicious and it seems to me like abstract genocide.
Canada is the size of Europe, all Ukrainians can move to Canada. Including the males as they are clearly not at risk of being an invasive entity.
To me it seems Zelensky is a fake leader that is merely murdering Ukrainians and Russians as a puppet of Israel.
There is no aspect of my soul that desires the death of ANY Russians and Ukrainians.
settling in for a quiet nice evening of ibuprofen, co-codeine 30mg codeine prescr, naproxen, progablin, alcohol, weed edibles, weed flower, nicotine and apparently a kingston ssd i pulled out of another laptop because i sat on it and smashed my old screen
ahhh freedom
of the mind
not of body because ive got sciatica
and ive got a cocktail of drugs that i imagined would be good for both pain, healing, and feeling high
Every real society has its own form of populism and Nazism and communism and libertarianism and progressivism all mixed together.
Anyone who wants to hurt your Nazis wants to hurt your society.
Be a liberal-conservative libertarian-communist-nazi.
End all false-dichotomy, disunity spreading, and controlled-opposition.
Evolve and progress.
Make anime real.
The only god is love.
Worship only your love/lovers.
now, tell me anything you want
https://youtu.be/F8LQMeP7ksk?t=59 [Embed]
anything youd like to eat..
remember i know how to replicate feelings with drugs, but they wont be real. whats real doesnt matter.
Another low iq jobsworth can't keep his hands to himself. What gives him the right to do that?
https://youtu.be/bREduC7rWTE [Embed]
what happens when you take all those drugs at once
Sad another auditor is leaving us. Brave souls can only take so many threats, violence and false arrests. The paranoia in this country is a fucking joke.
corporations film you constantly
This is fine
REEE WE NEED THE POLICE TO STOP YOU
Terror
Not in work till 1215 tomorrow. Drinking on a school night de lads, what's everyone else doing?
'ello lads. Any plans for the weekend?
:)
Sorry... spamming... you know the bit.
I used to get that from Asda, very strong taste, puts hairs on your chest that! Does it still have "Intended for sharing" on the bottle?
How'd you do it, little man?
You sly dog! AWooOooOOgA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnMrOzn-JoE [Embed]
theyre kinda low doses, so nothing really
the things that would interact most with each other are codeine, alcohol, and thc
both triplement (see, i made a new word, instead of complement) each other
Fucked up. Surely with all these camera phones around peoppe would just accept it by now.
If people just accepted auditors shoving phones in their faces then you wouldn't have any exciting new youtube videos to clap your unwashed, webbed spacker hands to
It's a bit sour and tangy for a cider but ultimately it's a decent cider. What are your plans for friday night mr tripfag
They aren't. They film from a respectable distance.
The only card they can pull. Anyone that claims that has likely got some nonce in them.
Look forward to DJ's visit
based. mass audits send them little thugs into hiding.
I'm a Loser for Lauren
Got the house to myself de lads 
gonna be comfy
Best is to not react like these guys. It really winds the auditor up when they can't get their content.
I wanted to go to a musician's meetup after work but I was too tired to do anything cause I didn't have enough sleep last night. 
So I'm gonna for a run in a bit, then watch a film or two, have a weer maybe, dunno lad.
The night is young.
You gonna have a goon session lad?
Yeah basically been having one since I got home from work desu
just re-activated Twitter and have been gooning to the bratty dommes on there
life's good!
my ankle hurts ;-;
Enjoy lad! Got no energy today but I'll goon tomorrow for sure x
Luv me sum brit slampigs
Coooor am proper knackered me de lids. Went too hard yesterday. Had a wacon wandwich for din dins now chilling out with a wuppa. Cheers x
Cheers lid have a good one tomorrow
Eat shit Sean you little scumbag cunt
Its the weekend Footmong no more toil my leed chill out and stop being a knob
GF got me some beers for my birthday. Very based desu lads
Trying to breakdance again?
I'm not footmong, I just don't like HHL because he is a melodramatic spastic who spams the thread with shite and threatens to stab people once a week
You doing aright man?
Are you doing alright anon?
Also, happy birthday.
Yes lad, just looking at the suffering of baldlets. Thankfully I was blessed with a full head of hair.
Caught granner going through the package nibbas
Punched her in the face, heh
She started crying
I put the muffs on
She'd shat in them
Fell off me e-scooter dint I
You should wear PPE.
Hope someone has backed up his channel in case he deletes it
That's what you get for being a zoom zoomer
nanny will not like that one
god i love curly messy ginger boiz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka9g4Jnkwt8 [Embed]
I'm not ginger or a gayboy lad. What are your plans tonight?
Nah, I needed to have a nap. I was too tired. 
Got up, did the run. Now relaxin'.
Oh no mate. I'm sure we can put some Savlon on that. You're a brave soldier you are! Would you like mummy to come and get you?
Can't believe taskmaster got eminem for the latest series.
Gutted I didn't back up uk meet the tyrants though he or someone has started uploading old ones again. They look edited though.
I've been training my Apu to make well constructed contributions to the thread whilst completing QMEE surveys for most of last year and just this February he was finally competent enough to be left alone at the PC by himself.
Well, anyway - my Apu was scrolling through /britfeel/ looking for some good chances to make some posts in between QMEE surveys - when at some point he scrolled over one of those flashing epileptic fit inducing goon gifs.
He's fucking dead. Found him twisted up in his chair like a fucking wet pretzel. Poor lid was fitting for hours before I found him. Little lid had swallowed and shat out his own tongue.
You may think it's just a laugh but now my favourite frog is fucking gone.
He was such a rare fucking breed too. One of the Haddenham Heirloom Helpers. Irreplaceable. There's only about 1024 left if you take my one off the tally.
Just in fucking tears. Here he is in happier times.
I didn't even get to say goodbye to him.
Im medically banned from driving for 6 months. I feel sad
I am having an easy time in life because of my gender.
https://www.amazon.co.uk/TOYANDONA-Halloween-Disguise-Eyebrows-Mustache/dp/B08FXC1K36/
doctors going around in detector vans to check for any medically-banned drivers
Sorry, l forgot to ask why.
Thanks? I guess? Oregano
Imagine if EVERYONE wore these
Would it be MORE of a disguise or LESS of a disguise?
Passed out at work and convulsed. Everyone thinks it might be epilepsy so my employer lost their shit, but it was just a non epileptic fit, which i was unlucky enough to have because i got queasy think about blood, seldom happens though as i have a strong stomach.
Basically though dvla want me to wait y months to prove i wont "fit" again and until then i cant drive. Im screwed as work is far away, and the closest office means im only good for desk work, which is half my job.
A specialist opinion is what every party wants and thatll takes weeks if not months...
Been busting my ass to get basic shit all week long by walking and cycling. I dont either. But being forced to and losing the ability to drive is depressing.
And the slight doubt that maybe i am fucked medically...
I need a squeaky clean DBS so i cant afford being prosecuted for anything
I dont mind either**
6 months**
Also ive been stuck home for a week on forced medical leave whilst my workload has just piled up.
Funny how life just randomly decides to beat your ass
Can't you get a fit to drive note from a Dr?
Is there anybody that lives near you that would be willing to car share?
Makes you wonder how often he spams the thread off trip
Nice one Edgbaston lad, good of Nubs to buy you them
I went to the gp and he flat out said he cant say for sure what it was just as the hospital doc said too. All want me to see a neurologist
Cant make this shit up.
As for ride sharing, im the only person at work who lives where my town is. Maybe at the satellite office during work hours theyll play taxi and get me to my work sites
My life has legit done a 270 degree plot twist.
Appreciate what good things you have folks
Need to update my weed stash. Thinking of getting the full set. Weed, hash, dabs and edibles.
what a dire thread where is the new blood to replace the old?
this medical driver larp is so fucking gay
how often does britfeel get new posters?
did you forget..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z34T0_lCmso [Embed]
mihai spamming his drug abuse and yt link collection.
the thread has died off somewhat. did the constant ssm spam and audit drivel push away regular users?
There was a thread regular called Nigii who posted CP on the Kiwi Farms and that destroyed the thread
oh please deary. i am a collector
you think i was on demonoid for nothing
the whole discography of the gathering from maybe 1989-1990 including the demo tapes yeah das rite
up to whatever year i uploaded it
the28thfrozenfish is my something handle on these sites
30 year old woman living in her childhood boxroom
Must be a slow one on /brit/ tonight he's here posting drama about personalities that haven't been here in years.
Just been to the Links Market, the sheer amount of jailbait ass and tits...
Nubs is a grim cunt
DM and Nigii are in the same paedo ring. Balding Andrew is the treasurer.
I wouldn't be able to fight back if some lad slapped my gf's arse in a club or whatever. Good thing I don't have a gf haha dodged a bullet there!
I bet he does't repost the video where the 2 teenagers call him a nonce
SSM and Audit posters ARE the regulars.
Why on earth would you go to a club with your gf
She is just the right amount of chubby
I'm knackered desu
Indeed. I'm more romantic than that.
I do try.
Love you guys.
well i wouldnt let her go without me so thats the only situation she would be in one
Shame Footlad isnt here
He's the only good poster left desu
Let's put his telly on
There are people in this thread that haven't read 25 books
I'd never date anyone who had ever been to a nightclub
You on the drink tonight Offie lid?
Having a wustlerz and watching a new wepisode of Family Guy if that's alright with you de leeeeeeds. It womfy x
apparently special brew was made specially for winston churchill
imaagine what he musta been like on a sesh
proper fucking mad i bet
corr would be summat seeing winston and our ssm just shooting the shit sinking de special brews
Corr I'll have to download it and watch in beddingtons later
https://youtu.be/F8LQMeP7ksk?t=53 [Embed]
im never gonna be able to make it through this move
im gonna cry again
Might start eating wustlerz desu. If they're good enough for Welper they're good enough for me
two new? thats insane
Have you slept since Wednesday morning yet
Nice. I'l save E17 for tomorrow night
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Dad!_(season_20)
anyway dont forget new AD is airing now
just a hassle to get anywhere in the US
even there.. tbs, fox, everyone bah
(and yeah its gonna have a million different numbering because of the networks, 3 episode seasons, christmas specials in the mid of june that have roger say 'merry christmas from us and all from.. what month is this!!' but that its charm and i love it)
Got 4 cans of Holsten from the Indian man at the end of my road.
I literally have qBittorrent running now :)
I couldn't get used to the qBT redesign... I reverted back to v.4..4.5
I'm watching on Wisney+ where it's only up tp wepisode 13.
Why aren't you seeding? Leech!
its just.. i had a raspberry pi as my 'media centre'
everything you wanted could be downloaded one way or another
the pi could stream to any other device including ps4 except for some mkvs which sony had some withcraft protection, i dont get how it works
but anything, you could stream to any phone, tablet, pc, whatever, through this little thing, play movies on your tv in hd, everything
used to be passionate about things
had a blu ray write just to burn a couple of blu rays with nero cause why not
As if any cunt watches family guy these days
oh also yeah got steam stream through the pi
i asked my bf and his best mate to try it out
i spent a day to get this to work smoothly.......
whatever
it worked
portal 2 worked
Helper are you gay now lad?
How do you think he's been affording the wokey this whole time lad, been sucking dirty knobs hasn't he.
R KID mihai loves his family guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFoiKdAVqU4 [Embed] 
mmmmm yes
I forgot to add this earlier. Wen for a run, was shorter than the others but it counted.
Having one more wuppa then I'm off to beddingtons.
Goodnight de lid, any goon material planned for tonight?
Nah been too wungover to goon de lid.
You tried to suck off your mate
Garn watch family guy in bedberg
people make mistakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFoiKdAVqU4 [Embed]
Helperlads parents sure made a mistake
In beddingtons now. Phoned turn off cba for any drunk messages off me mate tonight. Garn watch some YouTubes now then sleeps. Cheers x
Phwoarrr just got up me haven't i
You should watch Korean ladies play 3 Cushion Billiards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZHJOwbVhD4 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka9g4Jnkwt8 [Embed]
sure i kinda had a booty call with one guy i liked and then watched american dad
but he knew what he was getting into
LOL she says she wants a whole week to decide now (on whether or not a long distance relationshit ""is worth it"" to her, that is)
She knows exactly my [redacted] appointment is next week too, so she's probably doing this on purpose and to try and fuck with me
No fucking way man, i'll give her an 48 hour extension/deadline now and that's it
Why do that when you can immerse yourself in a vidya game? A book will never live up to the experience of playing something like the Last of Us or Ico.
22 years old and aging well our laurel dreams.
She's read more books in a month than you have in a lifetime.
She's gonna be up there with gibi someday once the algorithm stops being a dick.
She absolutely hates video games beyond casual shit that isn't too difficult.
She used to cut her wrists because you can see the scars by enhancing them. Lots of little ones. I don't get why a girl would do that since they get attention and sympathy so easy just from being female. If a male did that he would be ridiculed.
i hate living in this shithole country
let me out lads
My respect towards the female starts when I start getting the same level of respect. As a male, I am treated like dirt. Simple as.
This country is going to shit. I'm praying for some good riots soon. Need a good smash up and let the blacks wreck havoc.
Tottenham will burn once again.
kek have to be a proper chump to unironically want to read that book
that attention you talk about is sexual. you cant get that aytention from your parents. probably used to do that stuff to get what she wants from rich parent. probably spoiled silly
nah still an outside chance we could get 3rd if we sak stellini now and put mason in charge
you people make me cry
im crying rn
Can't stand his pretentious "deep" films. There's so much better shit to watch beyond that mainstream crap.
I'll never know the true story. I'm still banking on abuse by someone in her family. That's why she moved to this country I think...to start fresh.
Garn ingest some brekkie in about 5-10 me
Kek i hate you schizos for always spewing these types of illogical non sequiturs
She hates the show Pretty Little Liars because an older man is dating a girl in her prime. Apparently you're a nonce if you date a legally consenting teenage girl in your twenties.
Several times she has mentioned age gaps in films and books. I don't know why. Daddy issues maybe. As long as it is legally consenting nobody should have the right to dictate who can and can't be in a relationship.
Man up and stop crying like some female.
Middle aged is 30 for her. Over for you old lads.
Yup once you get to 30, life is fucking over. Women lose their fertility, men lose their hair. It's all downhill after 30. If you haven't got your shit together by 30, then don't expect it to get any easier past this age. 30 is the new 40.
I have free will. Females fear that. They can't take that from me. Consequences only come after.
One day a female will feel my pain. I'm the real victim here.
Fockin ell proper good brekkie this was
I could go out right now and follow that female walking to work at the hospital. She always leaves around this time in her uniform. A healthy one, always walks alone. Looking at her through my blinds and seeing the glow of her phone. She's probably Chad hunting. She doesn't even know I exist...yet.
The good thing about living near London is the transport. It wouldn't take me very long to get to the places I need to be.
Why the fuck should I die an incel? Being incel is mental torture. It will drive some men to do things they never thought they were capable of. All because women want attractive Chad and treating their body like a commodity. If you ain't got the looks, the money, you ain't get her body. You ain't getting your natural needs met.
"Go find your looksmatch."
How the fuck can I when even those fat bitches demand some Chad? I'm not fucking fat. I shouldn't be a looksmatch for a fat pig. I'm not wanting a model tier girl.
I need to unleash this bottled up anger and sadness someday.
Get me my very own Wikipedia page.
woman realises he's a mental window licker and says she needs space for a week while she makes arrangements to protect herself because she is too scared to break up with him
This used to be her best friend in her teenage years.
Asian women want the white chads too. 
https://youtu.be/hFp3CTc4EKw [Embed]
They always pick attractive men these average as fuck women. Since there's so many more men than women, you are truly fucked (not literally). Only the best looking men win this game.
Nope. Bullshit. Lookism. Blackpill.
Eid Mubarak to all de lids!
Do your parents a favour, don't pretend to be a woman just for this day
didnt he last 9 hours last time he did a fast
The gf says she's not going to take the pill ""because it will affect her fertility"" lmao, just a lame excuse on her part of course
Whatever, i'm done with this bullshit she keeps pulling now
Might fast today for the lolz
fast for like 3 weeks and die you spamming thread killing cunt.
to trash this general goes
That turdingham i just placed into the bowl was extremely fockin liberating, holy cow
which erasco soup produces the densest turdinghams?
Phwoar need to head out semi-soonish me
Boggles the mind
Fink it's time to clear out some gunk from the earnibba again
big curried poo
almost kafka-esque
heh
you here all day again?
i wont be, not sure about him
you will mate 
cheers x
and you are here again all day to read it all
you forgot to post a picture from your 
folder.
im off to shag the gf and have a full English. 
cheers now x
73048539
Why not just keeping shagging her whilst your search for a new woman, heh!
You don't have a gf you wank
Soundspacker (FBR) on a mad one, beggars belief
bedwetter
Soundspacker (FBR) runs this thread
Phwoar cleaned those folders out good just now didn't i
alright mates x
which poster are you
I push trolleys at gayburys x
Pumped for a Saturday on 4chan posting and reading the same shit that is posted everyday?
Give it a rest you obsessed spacker lol
Wow same lad!
by any chance do you guys know of a youtuber who has tmau?
Will be shagging later, not much to do before then so probably
currently mid shag with the gf mate you?
the gf is preggers 
ffs
baffling truly
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE be legit soundspacker  it probably isn't 
do babies make a lot of noise
Who might end up playing the gookcel cuckold son's mom in her biokino?
wonder how the baby will gaslight him?
probably will wait to start crying for milk the instant he takes his muffs off
cleared out the shopping bags in qukc succession 
heh now to copp the sprinkles for my gay cat
I want him to make another post in his native soundspacker way to confirm
you are all so fucking gay and retarded.
mongs a plenty in here
/britfeel/ - /deutsch/ relations are at an all time high
end your life you sad mong cunt.
Boggles the fockin mind
GPU's sitting at 33 degrees right now, will hafta keep monitoring it for now i fink
Amazing how one wrong click can screw things up like this
73049849
if the gf preggers or not?
Boggles the fockin mind
GPU's sitting at 33 degrees right now, will hafta keep monitoring it for now i fink
Amazing how one wrong click can screw things up like this
did a sdhit on put me muffs in the bog 
kill yourself you sad cretin
mongs a plenty in here today 
seirously kill yourself.
says the person on the incel board of 4chan at 10am on a saturday morning
are you by chance reading it all? 
;)
Yeah i fink it's fixed now
Stays at those temps and the fans are whisper quiet again, phew
been secretly putting hot heat fans all round fbrs flat
amazing how many it problems he has considering he was doing an it cert
73049861
why?
ssm update ssm update de leeeeeeeeeeeds
kill yourself
so doing alright there my laaaaaaaaads
73049905
7 (you)s, not bad
about to walk over to davina mcminge and tell her about my britfeel AI spam mong executable file
Slow day for you today, eh OCD virgin mong? Or why are you hanging around ITT spamming your bait drivel hoping you'll get a bite?
Refer to >73049710 and fuck off back to where you came from. You neither belong nor fit in here, and no one gives a fuck about your schizophrenic obsession with assorted personalities
73049927
OOoooOOOOhhhhHHHh 
he mad.
73049927
qrd on this person?
Just did a stinky fartingham me corr
thats a mirror
73049927
says you? an autistic schizo ocd kraut?
fuck off FBR ocd mong you sad cunt.
just did a sloppyshire shittberg on the titanicberg on the sloppingshire
hmmmmm it sloppy
Howling rn me
Can you fucking krauts take your arguments elsewhere? This is a British thread for British people
im going to go wnak off in deutch 
brbfbr x
73049967
linking a week old post thread
he is mentally unwell.
Sniffing femoid feet? Yeah that's proper womfy and based me lad
FBR go back to /deutsch/ you stupid kraut, this is not your thread
Hope you enjoy FBR's posts, he's your problem now and it will stay that way
we hate him and his mentally unwell nonsense please have him back mate
how do you lads feel about british tv icon doctor who being played by a black fella
We don't want him either, you have to bully him until he leaves
he doesnt look at direct rpelies mate 
he enver responds to anyone just post his drivel dya in day out.
sounds like a (you) problem
you better learn to enjoy his presence
heh!
might shag a troon's arse idk
Been a rapid downhill since Eccleston
It can't possibly get any worse
This is accurate heh
deutch is kicking off with mongs
belitting the mongs here
class x
It's nice to see how the "No pussy no work" movement is gaining steam now tbqfh me laddies
It's the logical conclusion/continuation of male inceldom exploding in recent years, along with men finally realizing they're living in a matriarchial gynocracy
great post spam mong but could you make it in the deutch thread general on INT
we all in there reading everypost
cheers x
We all mongs and spackers in life x
Thinks its more no employment = no work
Can't work if there aren't any jobs
going to spend ym time reading every post in deutch on INT.
cheers x
it like world war 2 all over again
Me before spending too much time on 4chan:
had friends
Me after spending too much time on 4chan:
was seeing a girl
Me after spending too much time on 4chan:
enjoyed life
Me after spending too much time on 4chan:
This website is cancer
Footspacker might be a mental case but he's our mental case
x
sorry lads not reading the spam mongs drivel here
currently in deutch and int riling up other mongs
so im doing alri there my leeeeeeeeeeeds x
Footspacker appears to be slightly jealous of the fact that are soundlad influenced the threadington's culture more than him
is it confirmed footspacker? he has not posted all week
footlad has hooked up with a mommy milf from work and has no time to waste on here any more
he has ascended while we read drivel
No one cares about the german spammer greg
proof of this where are the archives?
might go for a haircut my leeeeds
get in deeere leedington
