It's illegal to expose yourself in front of kids
Gay person: "Why, I NEVER. I'll be cancelling all gay pride parades and everything related to gay people immediately"
I di-
How is homophobia still allowed in 2023? Don't you know jesus tells you to love your neighbour?
It's jus-
Simply disgusting. How dare you make such an accusation.
Jesus was a cuck.
It's so weird how they consider not being allowed to flash minors "genocide".
I can't believe people support this horseshit. None of my gay friends do, it's just white women who only read headlines and a handful of gay perverts that only exist in urban centers.
anti drag show law passes
gays: no gay pride parade dor you
conservatives: ooo nooooo not the gay pride parade *smiles*
gays: :o
It's interesting that Florida is the second gayest state in the country, is run by the most disgusting scum in the union, yet manages to still waste my time by doing meaningless shit no one cares about. 
I'll actually be interested if Rickberg Desantenstein bans synagogues and denounces the talmud or something.
No his mother's husband was.
it's just white women who only read headlines
I don't blame them. It's not the fool's fault for getting tricked. I blame the "journalists" who write the misleading articles. They either intentionally lie, or they copy some other journalist's lie.
god i wish i lived in florida. i could unironically sue them for millions for violating the first amendment
yeah its clearly unconstitutional. thats why theyre censoring the news too. so that noone in florida knows they can sue
Stfu faggot, you weren't complaining when Florida police arrest people for their /pol/ posts.
Average uneducated leftist. We can't stop winning, high IQ bros!
Wait, you actually think state law trumps federal law, but you're calling yourself high IQ? Holy shit. You're correct in that he'd be unlikely to be granted standing (given it's the state, bootlicker), but he'd have a perfectly valid constitutional challenge to this kike state's goofy-assed garbage bills. They (florida kikes) already realize it's a waste of time, all of this is just posturing for future elections, and idiots like you will hoot and holler excitedly when you get another shekel master that just pretended to hate queers as much as the inbred hicks that continue to fund his life.
Regardless of the law
you have a moral obligation to not perform sex-based performances for children
Also if you don't like it? Move to a different state. There are 49 other states for your degeneracy to be on display if you so desire.
regardless of the law
Oh, in our discussion of the law? 
You're fucking pathetic. Move those goalposts harder, cuck. I bet if you yell about faggots enough, your beloved political leaders will stop kidnapping and fucking children whenever they feel like it, too. 
Just another stupid, authoritarian hick trying to sound clever to impress his massa.
suing the state because you can't fuck kids
do leftists really?
It's not just an anti drag law. It bans a lot of other stuff too, which is why many things which would usually be done at a pride parade (people dressing up in drag, very pro lgbt flags and banners, the presence of Trans people, etc) might actually put you under legal scrutiny.
Its not like people do not wanna do pride parades out of some weird sense of spite. They are afraid of the very real possibility of legal consequences for attending/holding such an event.
It's honestly pretty scary. These are free speech violations the US hasn't seen since the Mccarthy days.
as a community we passed a local law banning people from publicly exposing themselves to minors during community events
nooooo why does this affect me in California? oh it doesn't. who the fuck cares except the people in Florida?
Florida being based as always.
