Still an alcoholic :(
Still an alcoholic :(
Ahmm
And what other things? If any? You are?
I'm also about to pass out (because of the drinking).
I once lasted 90 days without alcohol and thought it meant I had control so I tried reintroducing it for special events. Birthdays, going out and such. Now I get drunk every weekend in the city and attend music festivals and stuff because I need to be at an "event" to justify drinking in my mind. 
This method has actually worked out in the sense that I have sex with women now. So if you must be an alcoholic, make sure you're close to real women when doing so. Getting drunk at home playing video games is like a 0% chance of sex. Getting drunk in a place full of drunk young women makes sex a possibility no matter how slim. You also burn more alcohol calories walking around and are less likely to snack yourself in to obesity.
It's over for Aiste...
I don't wanna start drinking, but I'm probably gonna give it a try once I'm of age, and I'm gonna become addicted and ruin my life.
I just hope I'm not an angry drunk...
i'm three years sober, thank you Covid
Le sex... Funny how I am 25 and have never had it lol.
It is, but unironically.
I drink only stuff with high alcohol content (60%), so I just fall asleep without much in-between. I guess I'm a bit more open about my love frustrations, which only ruins things further.
Le social drinker...
I don't wanna do it. I don't wanna drink alcohol. I'm gonna make a goddamn fool of myself (more than usual), and I don't want to.
also checked
I've been drinking about a handle every 5-8 days for like 5 months now. Keep telling myself I'm going to stop but I keep buying a bottle almost every weekend. I'm completely functional and not experiencing any symptoms when I stop drinking, but damn I should slow down.
almost done with the bottle
just want to nap
ffs
DEGENRATE! 
Indubitably besotted with the bottle!
(His mom sold him to the psychiatric system)
His mom sold him to the psychiatric system
Was my own initiatifve. Mom tells me to tell ze dov yjsy meds aint working, but idk, I my hsvr missed my appointment anyway lole.ee. I'd prefer to get warded desu
Getting warded outside America is pointless, you can walk out freely any time
'd prefer to get warded desu
Save money and go to one of those resorts. Those places in rural areas you rent and stay there for as long as you pay for.
Go to a foreign land if it is exciting to you
No electronics and it's the same as what you think you want.
Also, I watched on vice this piece about alcoholic clinics and they are all about money and scamming the insurance companies so the love you see is to be found like I am telling you with you and God or something girlfriend
Anyway
Goodnluc getting "warded" like you wanr
Kind of in a same hole right now. Unironically started drinking on weekends (mostly on fridays) because my friends do it (cringe I know) and managed to quit it for few weeks. So yeah I can quit it alright. But I'm not sure if I want to. Do I need to change friends? I don't know. I finally know some people that I can have fun with for the first time in many years (without drinking mostly). I even managed to convince one of them to quit smoking. I'm kinda lost.
