I was a 28 year old incel and 2 days ago, I decided to visit a trans hooker to dominate me. The experience was out of this world, but I cummed buckets while she was fucking me. After I cummed, I got this intense post nut clarity and disgust but she continued to fuck me till she emptied herself in my ass. She then curled up in bed next to me and put her head on my chest while we spoke for 15 minutes. I was polite throughout but I was utterly disgusted in myself. How did I get to this from that 18 year old hopeful boy who wanted a wife and family of his own? Where did it all go wrong?
its fine gurl, you got it out of your system and had fun. u can still try to get a wife and kids.
Hot, now how long until you become the transgirl and I dom you?
No he can't. No woman will ever touch a man who was fucked by another man.
The experience was out of this world,
Why are you so gay?
I'm a man though. I genuinely have zero desire to be a girl
Got it out your system
Nah anon you fucked up there's nothing a woman would do that feels as good as your ass getting stretched out and cumming while it happens
I genuinely have zero desire to be a girl
For now. But now that you've experienced the pleasures of being a woman, you can't go back.
A decade of loneliness, bitterness, sadness, and isolation. It does terrible things to the mind, speaking from experience (29 y.o KV).
I'm a man though. I genuinely have zero desire to be a girl
And yet you let a man fuck you in your ass like a women, shame!!!
Many many many many many MANY such cases.
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
I can't imagine being that gay, as a straight guy myself.
LARP. When someone cums in your ass you pretty much immediately need to go and shit it out.
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay 
as a straight guy myself.
You scream fabulously !!
Nice try, groomer. I'm 28 and I'm not gonna become a tranny
She looked like a woman
She was wearing a condom obviously. Do you think any pro is fucking people raw?
groomer
You mentioned your age before and if you think me fucking with you is grooming then I have bad news for you, anon.
I'm not gonna become a tranny
X
i thought about hiring a shemale escort before but my biggest fear is that i know most escorts pictures online isn't actually them, you know how online their pictures look like 10/10 models but then when u see them IRL they're more like 6/10 and u question whether its even them. With girls tho its okay i dont mind. But it seems theres a bit of a blurry line between trannies &amp; shemales (i.e. men who pretend to be women vs actual women who was born with male genitalia)
but my biggest fear is showing up to a ""shemale"" escort and being greeted by someone like picrel like where you can tell its an actual guy wearing a wig
Where did you find her OP?
She was wearing a condom obviously.
So you're still a virgin. Nice going bag fucker.
I have a good career and a family. Becoming trans will only ruin my life
The good popular ones will look similar irl. My one has a popular insta where she posts selfie type videos without filters
Birchplace
If it was socially acceptable, you wouldn't feel disgusted. Unironically stop being transphobic. You have exactly one life to live on planet earth, just enjoy it. You can still have a family later dummy
Anyone has that screenshot of anon getting raped by a trans hooker?
Why wouldnt you just get an actual female escort? You're a faggot and wanted to get fucking in the ass my another man so you get some tranny to rape you. Congrats on still being a virgin loser. The fuck is wrong with people
incel
family
Holy shit
Nta but just don't tell the woman?
Phobic this phobic that. "if pedophilia was socially acceptable you wouldn't feel digusted. unironically stop being transphobic". Sounds pretty bad right?
If you replaced "transphobic" with "being against shemales" then that term would mean fucking nothing. that's how those kinds of labels work. they are made into buzzwords, then a whole lot of stigma is created around it. its all fucking bs. 
also, what is a woman?
Family as in parents and siblings lol
I decided to visit a trans hooker to dominate me
You could have at least been the top.
A virgin faggot at that.
You're a bislut, own it OP.
If you fucked her in the ass it would be a different story. Still degenerate, but hey thats men; we put our dick in things.
You? I dunno that you are properly a man anymore to be honest.
She only sucked my dick a bit but I didn't wanna top
bislut
You guys don't seem to get it. I'd never submit to a masculine looking man but I'd submit to any cute femboy or tans girl straight away
this meme got them so good
owned those libs
You are describing the reality of many, probably most, bisexuals. You have cocklust but no attraction to the people they are typically attached to ie masc males. You are hetero in every other way except for this one aberrant aspect of your sexuality where you want to worship cock. You are bi.
she continued to fuck me till she emptied herself in my ass
Sanity is just a memory now. Embrace clown world.
A cock is all about WHO it is attached to. If you want to worship a girl with a cock, it's obviously not gay
I know its not gay. I just said its bisexual.
You're all just in denial. If you let yourself be a bottom you are a fag in denial. Being a top is acceptable bisexuality. If you get assfucked or suck dick you are gay.
telling the woman he got fucked by a tranny
The problem is that the cock is that makes guy a guy. There is no girl attached to a cock, you just have small pretty guy with tits, so that does not really work out.
