My sister and I used to be super close, but since she started dating her bf she pretty much only cares about him. They're together 24/7 and he even comes over to my house. I hate seeing them together, holding hands or kissing. Why am I such a cuck? I'm not attracted to my sister or anything, but I'm definitely jealous. And it pisses me off that our mom just lets them have sex in the house.
mom just lets them have sex in the house.
yeah this isn't allowed. if they're loud then you need to start masturbating loudly at all hours of the day. its not acceptable to disturb others with sex.
It's not really that loud, but when I walk past her bedroom I can hear them in there. It's very frustrating.
That's the power of the BBC, brother. There is nothing you can do about that
You should kick the shit out of her boyfriend
It will emasculate him in your sister's eyes. Even if they stay together she won't respect him as much if she knows that he's not strong enough to defend himself
Record it and post it here.
Also, get more friends. It's common for a friend/close sibling to eventually get a partner and they'll focus on each other over you, and it's normal and perfect understandable to get jealous over it. I got jealous of my best friend getting a gf in high school, and I have a gf now and my current best friend I can tell is jealous over it since I want to spend a lot of time with her. She's not really doing anything wrong but you're still hurting. There's ultimately nothing you can do about it except having more friends to turn to when one is focusing on their S/O.
It's a white dude lol
I probably could, easily, but don't I need a justification? I don't want to seem like a piece of shit. She'd hate me.
god kobenibros are pathetic
My brother's girlfriend lives here rent free because my dad is an absolute pushover and just lets her for some reason, pretty much lost my friendship with him to the bitch so he better hope she never leaves his dumb ass. Doesn't contribute to the household at all, barely talks to anyone, just lives here literally 6 days out of the week, don't know what the hell her family must think, it's been like this for over a year now. Normally they're completely silent whenever they fuck so I don't really care, but they got confident and started fucking in the shower of the shared bathroom so I sperged out hard and they fucked off with that. It's so insanely disrespectful, if they were moaning and shit through the walls I'd kill them. Don't tolerate that shit.
Absolute state of western society. imagine telling the OG Christians that you'll be coming home to peg their daughters inside their own House while the brothers of the slutoid are listening. All out of WOODLOCK. 
Someone should have told you that you don't need to sacrifice dignity and sanity for comfort. But I guess cuckoldry runs in the white man genes or something.
