bros, what are my chances of making even just a little bit of money to pay for tendies every now and then by doing OF as a femboy? Lets assume i'm not fat and can wear lingerie and other femboy clothes decently well. (pic not me)
i am going to sleep and never checking catalog again. rope it faggot
i'm not even actually a femboy man but I can be one if its EZ bux
Boys, we have to faggotmaxx for the mooneh
well, I wasnt considering it being a full time thing, just something to acquire ez bux while I NEET away. didn't think it would hurt...
A couple Anon's recommended I do this based off of some really basic images, and I really don't even look that good, so if you're even slightly attractive as a femboy you should be able to pull in a little spending money, but considering the amount of femboys who actually put a lot of effort into their pictures I doubt you'll get much attention. It's going to be very little money unless you start putting a ton of effort in.
Like very low even if you look good. You have to not only look good but you have to make good pictures with good lighting and preferably with a camera better than a cell phone. Then you have to be lucky / retweeted by established friends until you break in to the thousands for number of followers. You also need to post DAILY or at least every 2-3 days. Then you have to hope twitter doesn't shadowban you for whatever random reason the algorithm comes up with. If you don't show dick or bussy (both of which must look good/big) then don't bother unless you wanna remain strictly sfw. Here's some starter tips:
Make content with natural daytime lighting from windows.
Get at least a mini-tripod and a shitty bluetooth camera remote. It will make all your images much clearer even if it's a phone.
Do NOT take pictures through mirrors.
Do NOT use blue/pink/purple lighting, it makes you look like shit.
Pick a day of the week (or less often) to make content on, make a whole bunch of images/videos and then release them slowly every day. This makes it so you have to prep (shave, etc) much less often. In the future you can save spicier things like cumshots for onlyfans.
Take 20 pics of the same / slightly modified pose, throw out all but the best one or two, use those.
t. have famous femboy friends and tried this myself but I work in software making 200k so didn't pursue it seriously
i hate the internet for inflating the ego of feminine guys so much, you actually used to be a gay niche at best and a lot of people didn't care for you, now you think you're actually like women and get all the social benefits, fuck off, hope you go bald soon
Don't do onlyfans. Do camshows.
If you're willing to do what men tell you, you can make money more easily by fulfilling their requests live on cam. Men are just more willing to spend on custom content
