So which option do u choose anons
Bacteria grindset
B is such a ludicrous choice that I'm tempted to take it just because I know no sane human would.
Torture is a deal breaker, otherwise I might
10 billion genetic clones of me is a LOT of autism
A
I would raise my offspring.
Yeah, 10 million baby mamas will do that to you.
I gladly take 10 mio. Dont know if I'd bother with even one child, since alimony laws
A and never force another concience being into this curel world
why, my peenus weanus of course :)
hahah! :D
it's my weeeeeenus peanus! :) hahah
So which option do u choose anons - my answer is, of course, my peanus weenus :D
hahaha!
I don't see the appeal of B. As for A, most people don't plan on having that many children anyway so it's just free money.
button B starring nicolas cage
Why the actual fuck would you EVER want to choose B?
To be remembered and reviled.
Without the torture I would consider choosing B just for the lulz.
I read a short story once where an autistic genius had developed a tailored virus that went out into the world and impregnated a high percentage of all fertile females with a clone of himself. So hundreds of millions of copies of him had been born 9 months later.
He did this because he never had any friends, and assumed his clones would all be friends with each other. The story is about a group of the clones 10-13 years later who are in a special school together...and aren't friends.
I'd pull this just to laugh when all the white baby boys start being born in China and Africa. BLEACHED, motherfuckers!
Sure being Genghis Khan would be cool and all, but if you have $10M you can definitely get laid and 10 children will be more than enough.
B
i want to be in history books. nothing dared nothing gained
B
Hope the torture isn't too long
Can someone explain the tortured to death part to me? I don't understand how that makes any sense in the context of the question. I'd get it if it was like , "you can never earn more than 1 million dollars in your life time." but being tortured to death seems completely out of left field.
How is this even a question? Who came up with this shit?
I think the person who wrote the question thinks too many people will choose B if nothing bad happens to you if you do it.
I think they dramatically underestimate how many people want $10 million dollars, but that's just me.
thank you for accelerating inbreeding retards
I choose A) it's by far smarter.
