Fembots, would you date a boy with a body like this?
Ew no 100% not.
only if he was on the dominant side.
Ew no 100% not
Explain yourself
Without hesitation but only under the same conditions listed in >>73048290
Femboy good, malesub inhuman worthless trash, knowing to not accidentally conflate the two is important
I refuse to believe that's not a woman
How the fuck does a dude wind up with a slit in their dick?
i'm not dating a man that's prettier than me
Unless he was dominant like other femanons said, he looks subby and gross.
Reminder that 95% of women are submissive.
He's hiding it between his legs.
he has his dick tucked between his legs you retard. it makes a dent like that if you tuck it real far. try doing it in the mirror next time you are in the bathroom and see for yourself if you dont believe me
Brutal, I want a dom gf.
It is brutal, 25% of men are submissive, unless you're a top 20% guy you don't stand a chance. The best solution is to get a switch gf. Girls who are pure sub are usually dogmatic and feel physically revolted at the thought that their bf could be sub in anyway.
absolutely! This is peak human form. But as the others of my kind have said in this thread >>73048290 is an important factor!!
Oh it's way less than that. The poll people draw that statistic from was done in a BDSM group. All vanilla women are subs too.
Way less than 5% I meant
Way higher than 95.
Don't crush my dreams anon
no. i like subs but i like them to be masculine (body wise) i really dont like femboys
that's the base you fucking retard
As long as we both switch why not ?
He's beautiful, and he can put on some muscle to be perfect. He just has to be a normal, confident, dominant man, not some sissy.
pic rel is perfection
100% yes. Feminine or twinky guys IRL always make me feel so perverted, especially when theyre shy types. I can't help but thinking about using them and cuddling afterwards >.&lt;
YES agreed hes so hot
He's so fucking cute I love thin slender looking boys they don't even have to be femboys. It's even better when they're submissive. Dom daddy types are a hard turn off. Virgin btw
Men repulse me, not only on a physical level but their mentality too.
The only girls who like this are obese, weird or goofy looking.
im an effeminate faggot sub but if i get a gf i dont want her to be dominant
i dont like being dommed by women
damn i miss my ex
She got that shinji body
tfw no obese, weird goofy looking gf
Name plox? In an original way
What do I need to do to be reborn in this guy's body?
as long as he didn't have the unbearable gay guy personality, then yeah 100%. i think it'd be fun to finally get to be the other side of the switch lolol
why? is it because you only want chad?
Of course I would and I would be his mommy
i look even more feminine than this
tfw straight switch
I wish women liked men with bodies like this.
My body is somewhat like this, but my ribagar is messed up
Ribcage
I'm guessing it's scoliosis? I know a few of the conditions that can give men a particularly effeminate build also tend to cause scoliosis as well.
I am straight dude and i'd date that too
So there's still hope for me lol
Not sure if I'm a re sub but I just dislike women who lay in bed like a dead fish
im a straight dude but i want to have sex with men
So you're not straight
No. Pectus carinatum. Right half of the ribcage sticks out more
I'm not even the guy you're replying to but let's be honest the guy in the ops pic isn't a man, he's just a girl with no tits and a dick
Seems pretty straight to me
Sucks that women don't have to adhere to their gender roles anymore (I mean that's good, but...) but still demand men adhere to traditional gender roles like being dominant. Life would be so much better if women actually accepted unmasculine/undominant men, but that will never ever happen
Based!
Women are not worthy of dominating even a faggot subby bottom boy, much less a real man.
Discord? 0r1g
Sure they will, they are too retarded to make the difference between a real man and a twig
I have the same too, just with the left half instead of the right half. Although in my case it might be due to scoliosis (which was itself caused by another genetic disorder).
95%
lol, lmao even
I'm into femdom, the number of women that are submissive is so far upwards of 99.99% that if you said it was 100% you could justify it as within margin of statistical error.
Nah. 
Hes very much still a man with a penis even if he doesnt go to the gym to get defined muscles.
If you're attracted to men you're gay.
Ottermode Boys? Ummm Yes please! XD &lt;3
