Do you believe in God, /r9k/? Why or why not?
sure, i dont see any reason to disbelieve in Bizliieliduufhitnus, the one true God.
No, i found out it was made up by "MEN" and they lied to everyone to try and stop them from being animals, and yet we returned to animals 2000 years later
you already made a thread like this dickhead. 
forgive OP my lord for he does not know he is a faggot
What is God? The tag looks a substitute for repetition.
The holy books were just a threat to make ancient morons follow basic laws. We should be over that.
so atheism is true because it wasn't made by men?....
Any mentally and emotionally healthy person that takes a long afternoon to think about it logically must conclude that God has to exist.
but we aren't. *you* aren't and you know you aren't.
The Christian moral code got a lot of things right, especially pertaining to degeneracy. However, sadly we already killed God a few centuries ago so better get your time-machines ready if you are want the comfort that having a God gives you.
No
reasons: IQ over 90
Yes. He and Jesus have saved me countless times.
Do you believe in God, /r9k/?
No.
No proof.
I'm agnostic, but I hope there's a God and life after death.
Also, I seem to get results when I pray, so there's that.
Yes, I try to live a simple and innocent life. I hate this board, this website, and the rest of the internet.
I know Divinity in the capacity of anima. I don't believe in retarded christfaggotry like "God" thoughever
no idea what you're talking about with regards to "Divinity" and "anima" but I bet it's even gayer and more retarded than christfaggotry
What is God? By his very nature his existence, actions and will are beyond our understanding. He is all the love in the world, all the power in the world and all its knowledge. He is everything, he is the universe.
God is a sort of shorthand for the mysteries of the Universe and it's inner workings. We exist in God's land, but to claim to really understand God is an obvious lie.
God is a sort of 4D entity in a 3D world. We see his shadow, but could never really understand his true form. Perhaps God exists as a slave to a higher dimension too. Perhaps a 2D entity would view us as Gods able to do things they couldn't imagine.
Is God real? Definitely. Is he the Abrahamic God? Who knows.
this is honestly the META.
I didn't access this hell hole for a month and didn't miss it. why oh why did i get back in here?
No u fag
Yes because NDEs are real and prove that there is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And NDErs talk about God running the afterlife. Therefore God exists.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
You seriously need to touch grass
cannot make this shit up, it's genuinely a holy sign
Yes, but I believe he is either all of us as fragments meant to experience various forms of reality, or a monstrous horror that creates consciousness only to torture it in slow, cyclical sadistic ways. There are no other explanation for why we exist in a world where we must eat other things that feel pain, or remove things that feel pain to sustain ourselves. A truly omnipotent, loving God would never bestow a test on his creations in such a thematic, thorough manner. Omnipotence would imply the ability to imbue the knowledge and the "test" of reality without having to ever live it; there would be no suffering unless we are pieces of God or ruled by an intentionally brutal demiurge. We can literally only be either archon feed or minigods.
No, never seen any sufficient evidence that would warrant belief, dont buy into the pascal's "fake it 'till you make it" wager, and not even sure how something supernatural that either doesnt interact with our reality in a detectable manner(in which case how would you even know it exists?) or does interact with our reality in a detectable way(in which case where is the evidence?) would make a difference in our lives beyond altering your psyche to feel happier about things(which religious people that already believe for bad reasons do, and god isnt required for)
i am an existentialist and absurdist
Using only the Scientific Method and data that can be peer reviewed, prove that mothers can love their children
I do believe in God... it's a complex dynamic I find myself enduring, when it comes to religious matters. I've spent my life raised to believe in the Christian God, and have been a devout catholic since before I had awareness of what God was, as a concept. Despite having grown beyond the Church, neither attending any longer nor following the teachings of the religion, I still feel guilt as to when I break those standards, and I still am unable to shake the sense that God, his angels, and any other spiritual beings are watching me at all times. I never quite manage to feel truly alone in the world, and to be transparent, it makes me quite uncomfortable.
I believe my answer would be that yes, I do find myself believing in God's existence, despite what I would prefer to believe, and entirely contrary to my lifestyle.
do you really think people on a board with generals like "r9gay" and "drugfeel" want to believe in god?
I know.
boring answer but i feel we seem to have no way of knowing so i pretty much ignore the concept and live my life
I believe in leafy. not leafyishere but kick.com/leafy
Yes, because of miracles and signs and everything leading to Him
Logically one cannot "believe" in him, "reason" and "logic" in the current colloquial sense are useless terms manufactured by the Hazars. Once you understand that illogical and irrational thought and feelings are valid expressions of self, then you will realise you are one with God and God is one with you. 
Just because we do not understand something, does not mean we are forbidden from embracing it. It is the ultimate act of trust, love, and embracing ones own vulnerability and mortality. And God will be there to catch you.
fucking based
i dont care to think of what i will never know
Yes because the way there's NO REAL escape from suffering, without passing on suffering to others (thereby perpetuating suffering = doesn't qualify as true escape) could only be the result of a mastermind God. But the real God, the absolute God, the first God of all Gods, the God who drives God to spite God, is the void.
Just in case there is a hell
people who belive in god should be castrate male and female to stop having kids and belive god give them kids
Well of course I believe in myself, why wouldn't I?
I'm not sure what you're trying to say, but for people who claim to be moral and believe in hell bringing new souls who have (by the New Testament's standards) a moderate chance of being tortured for infinity million years by an immortal satyr should be discouraging everyone from having any children. Even the extinction of the human race would be better than condemning one person to infinity unending giga-torture of every nerve ending by monsters.
How can anyone claim to be the tiniest bit moral and empathic, but think someone they know could be hyper-tortured with fire for a zillion years and not scream in horror and do everything in their power to stop it? If you believe in hell, you should be screaming 24/7 and begging people to stop having more children so Yahweh the forge-lighter stops sending ~20% of them into a horrible pit (which he could stop anytime, he's omnipotent) to be fucked up in the worst ways imaginable.
Hell, and threatening people with it is the most amoral thing I can think of. It's a terroristic threat of violence. If you believe your god sends people there for ANY reason, let alone not liking him enough, he's the cruelest monster that could ever possibly exist. He's pure evil incarnate and you can't claim otherwise.
