The UKs biggest sex toy shop Lovehoney has announced their biggest sellers for 2022. Surprisingly, for the female category the top sellers were not lingerie or vibrators; rather, 12, 10 and 8 inch dildos in black.
https://www.express.co.uk/news/media/1761080/love-honey-top-items-2022
Really makes you think
Lovehoney's crime is that it doesn't sell onaholes
when a girl buys a vibrator, its seen as a bit of naughty fun. BUT when a guy orders a 240 Volt FuckMaster Pro 5000 blowup latex doll with 6 speed pulsating vagina, elasticized anus with non-drip semen collection tray, together with optional built in realistic orgasm scream surround sound system, his called a pervert?
this kills the "size doesn't matter" cope
tfw locked my cock in a chastity cage and used a Hitachi wand vibrator on it and forced myself to cum while caged
Why did I cum so much fucking harder than I ever did from being fully erect and fapping??
And how many females use sex toys? and how many of that percentage isn't just hitachi vibrators but actual dildos?
Sex toys aren't the norm and are looked upon weirdly in most countries, so of course "weirdos" are gonna use them, and weirdos tend to be into weird/extreme stuff like huge dildos.
You realize they are black because that's a nondescript color and makes them easier to hide.
https://www.express.co.uk/news/media/1761080/love-honey-top-items-2022
Is this just a trick to see how many people reply with out clicking the link?
yeah op is a retarded faggot
Smells like a Samuel "Eternal Nofap Warrior" post.
Your link is dead btw, ugly nonce.
Adam and Eve has a bunch of vibrators its over for non vibing bros
https://www.amazon.com/stores/AdamEve/BestSellers_AllProducts/page/02DBDB9F-2D5A-4B4A-8D3C-E5696A724512
page 404'd
lmao @ cuck niggers
to be fair, dildo and hand masturbation is far superior to using vibrators. so i get why it's dildos at least lolz
girls can just get a dildo and make fun of you with them for being smaller, she really doesn't have to do anything, it is just bigger than his which is known to has deep psychological impact
Is it possible that most of those sales were from gay men?
I'm like 90% sure the artist for the pic you posted is female.
I'm straight but I own an 8" lifelike lover black dildo that I bought off of lovehoney. Liking anal doesn't make you gay anon.
