I have tried my entire life to fit in.
I was nice to everyone at school, but I got bullied and girls called me ugly. I had no real friends either, so I fell into depression, lost interest in school, and eventually just stopped going.
I'm nice to everyone at work, but nobody ever invites me to do anything or go anywhere with them.
I try to socialize with people at bars, parks, the gym, the mall, but there's either nobody there, they aren't receptive to it, or it doesn't go anywhere.
I try to reach out to old "friends" (I use the term loosely because we rarely ever hung out outside of school unless we happened to live in the same neighborhood) from school via social media, but they're too busy with their own lives.
What am I doing wrong? It should be easy for a person like me to make friends. Everyone around me acts genuinely surprised when I say that I have no friends and have never had a girlfriend.
I just don't get it. As a kid and teenager, I was a complete social outcast and a victim of bullying. As an adult, I'm still a social outcast, yet I'm barely treated any differently from anyone else.
just BEE yourself bro!
Being myself hasn't gotten me anywhere. People pretend to care about me, but as soon I'm facing any actual hardship in life, they're never around, it's always on me to deal with it myself.
Nigger that's pretty standard. The world OWES you nothing, the same way you OWE it nothing.
Being nice is not enough
That was not the case for most of human history. The tribe looked out for each other. Nobody had to deal with anything alone.
Are you ugly or really short? You might be somewhere, where people are really mean.
I think you're overestimating how much people looked out for one another. You are still being looked after. You have your education, you have the rule of law, you have healthcare etc.
No, and no. I'm average looking and I'm taller than most people.
Looksmaxxing is a start since looks are everything for potential partners and even friends.
True, not sur what happened that lead to everyone being isolated and indifferent to each other.
You have your education
I don't have an education.
You have the rule of law
The law does nothing for me.
I don't have healthcare.
Are you autistic? Originally asked ofc.
No. I've been to a psychiatrist as a child and a therapist as an adult, and I have not been diagnosed with autism.
why are you still trying to make it ?
if the world hate you then hate the world in return 
being lonely is better than being in bad company
I want to be somebody. I don't want to remember as a friendless loser when I'm dead.
Being nice isn't "it"
Being positive, assertive and getting what you want without being a dick is "it"
You don't know what friends are. You are an adult now and friends aren't what they were in grade school anymore.
That ship has sailed. Friends mean something different to the adult. An ally and a potential buisness partner. Friends for adults aren't mainly about fun anymore.
You have goals, you put those first, you smile through the struggle and you take what companionship you can get along the way. Stop begging. Stop clinging.
Idk bro. I'm a boring unfriendly person. I had some good friends in elementary and middle school before I became a recluse. Now I have only one good online friend who I met years ago on a forum. Unironically I just be myself.
Maybe you are trying to make friends with the wrong people. If all the people you interact with are normgroids, of course they're all gonna be faker psychopaths, not real friends.
I don't give a fuck. Real friendship is not transactional. It's about connecting on an emotional level, not about you "provide" for the other person.
I don't want "allies" or "business partners". I don't want fake friendship, I want the real thing.
What kind of shithole are you from?
The USA. I posted in the OP that I never finished school because I was too depressed from being friendless.
Buddy, you're reading too many fantasy novels. The world isn't like that. 99% of people never have real friends. Business associates are good enough.
No, they're not. I want the real thing and I won't accept anything less.
I don't want "business associates", I want FRIENDS.
I mean you don't have to consider them friends, you can just consider them """friends.""" Real friends are are rare and hard to come by. Keep your eyes open, but don't expect anything.
And you still came here and were a reddit-spacing, frogposting faggot
I don't even know what to expect. Most of the people around me are selfish assholes who don't want to interact with me unless they gain something from it, so I have no way of learning what to expect from people.
I know your pain robro, it broke my heart when I was younger
Just a heads up that you shouldn't tell people this, normies see it as a huge red flag no matter how nice you are
Do the same to them. Interact with them only if they can offer you something. Most people don't care about altriusm or helping those in need. Fuck them, unless they can give you something. This is most human interactions. Humans do not engage other humans unless they can somehow benefit from said interaction.
I don't believe in being that kind of person. I don't believe in using others for your own benefit. I will never abandon or compromise on my morals and principles. That's not the kind of person I aspire to be.
I don't mean screw them over and use them for your own needs, just treat it like a transaction. You help them, ask if they want something in exchange or help them out later etc. You definitely want to avoid people who just use you constantly without helping you in any way, and you also don't want to be that person. 
I understand that you don't want to use people sociopathically and that's a good thing. I don't mean use people in that way. Like I said, just view it as a transaction. If you don't want to do this, then that's ok, but everything incurrs a cost, including your beliefs.
I don't believe in transactional relationships.
All relationships are transactional, whether your conscious of it or not. The medium of exchange is just different.
All I expect from a friend is for us to spend time and have fun together. That's it. That's all I want.
That's transactional. You wouldn't want to hang out with a person who isn't fun, right? So what do you do? You make yourself morr fun, and find people at fun places. Depending on your definition of "fun," this varies.
Not that anon but:
Don't take, don't give. Don't expect, don't request. 
I would say you should just accept how things are for you. I agree with you personally. Real friendship is a bond that is unconditional and supportive without gain or loss in mind.
Like-minded people are the only possible way for you to connect because it's so fundamental to you to have a genuine kinship so don't change, don't compromise, stay strong but forgive and don't misjudge possible friends how rare they might be.
You can't do anything in life without connections. You might be able to strike up a real friendship, but you'll always be behind those who operate in transactions.
You're probably a sperg like me... things suck.
There is nobody at fun places, that is the problem. Every time I go to the bar on a weekend night, it's empty. Every time I go to the mall, it's empty. Every time I go to a park, it's empty. You get the picture.
No matter where I go or what time of day, I can't find anyone. The only place I see a lot of people at is my workplace.
I'm not a sperg.
Yeah, there's a whole loneliness epidemic going on. It might be hard.
But why? Where the fuck are all the people? It's not just me, lots of people online talk about how hard it is for them to find anyone IRL nowadays. Where did everyone go?
Focus on yourself first but if you can have some time for others give it to them without any purpose other than being there for you and them.
Don't overlook others but focus on yourself.
The only thing you can do is to do something for you. That in turn will be good for everyone without being intentionally done for any other purpose but itself.
Everything is not selfish but self-serving and so nurtured and of itself so.
Yeah I'm not sure. It's just the times we live in.
I can't do things alone, that's what I've been doing my entire life. I can't have fun alone. I'm not used to being alone.
Doing something for myself is pointless because I'll be the only person who remembers it.
The past is the dead, the future doesn't exist.
You should think about your why in life. 
Why do you want to be remembered by others? What is behind your words? Go deeper into yourself and your own world view.
Facing your fears, as corny as that sounds, is vital to overcome most hardship. 
Fear or not being able to let go or whatever it is, it needs to be addressed, understood, felt and come to terms with / changed by you.
Maybe this is asking too much but all we can do is try.
have you tried to gec or at least plur?
Why do you think you can't fit in? Surely after all this time you must've had a thought as to why this happened.
delta radiation
They secretly want to bully you.
I realised this too late. People who were pals with me would just start ignoring me as soon as i told them that i had never even touched a girl in my life. I said it in a joking tone, but when i looked at the other guys they were all looking at me, speechless. Like it's so incredible to be a kissless virgin, lol. Or like it makes me a bad person. Fuck normies.
No doctor has found anything mentally wrong with me. I'm just a completely normal person who doesn't fit in.
