There are sweet women on this board. Do not be a moron and talk to them like a human being to find your gem. But you'd better be American. Only pain awaits when sympathizing with a girl you can never meet because of distance.
i fart and shit and cum in your turdwhore mouth
But you'd better be American
you also better look like this or some korean kpop guy or tyrone 
otherwise i hope you enjoy being seen as a friend and being used as an emotional tampon
But you'd better be American
what do you mean? That there are no european fembots?
I've relentlessly posted on this board for six months straight and only managed to add a few people. Some weren't very attractive at all, but I didn't even mind as I liked their personality. I still ended up humiliated and ghosted in the end. I don't believe there are good girls on this board, I scarcely believe there are good men. I have given up entirely.
They exist but are less common and unless you come from the same country language will probably be a barrier.
There are also a lot of bad women. It would be a big lie to say otherwise. Sorry you've only met those ones.
I scarcely believe there are good men
Some of them are good. But a lot are just weird with only sexual thoughts. They cannot hold a conversation more than 2 hours without talking about sex.
I don't think so. I used to think that but why would a girl post here if she were a good girl? The board is full of porn, misogyny, and otherwise isn't very interesting. There are no good threads or interesting topics created. 
And well... I'm the opposite, I pretty much never talk about sex. I find it awkward and don't know what to say. I think e-sex and ERP is weird and cringe too. I would rather just fly out and fuck them then do the weird e-sex thing. I do have a lower sex drive than most guys though.
you can never meet
Stfu you dumb asshole, just save up some money you whiny bitch
if you dont speak english, youre not on 4chan in the first place
esls can't express feelings and emotions adequately
why would a girl post here if she were a good girl? The board is full of porn, misogyny, and otherwise isn't very interesting.
Because the world isn't black or white. The same could be said about men. If you don't take what's posted on 4chan seriously and look for people doing the same, you realize many are good. Some are just lost in their life that doesn't make them bad people.
And well... I'm the opposite, I pretty much never talk about sex. I find it awkward and don't know what to say. I think e-sex and ERP is weird and cringe too
We think the same here. But you've probably talked to femanons longer than most Anons here. Yeah, it didn't work but tin the end that's part of life. We cannot connect with everyone and it's better to say goodbye instead of forcing a relationship. It doesn't justify being ghosted though.
Writing is different from talking. When your words don't come naturally it leads to a lot of incomprehension. This anon >>73041718 is also right.
nor can most natives
its an iq barrier, not a language barrier
whats your point?
You definitely attract a lot of ladies with that attitude.
i sure do, only i reject them because im reserved for stacy
Because the world isn't black or white. The same could be said about men.
It seems like cope to me, most of the men here are pretty bad too. The only value in /r9k/ is that everyone here is on the same page. You don't have to deal with normies or the hurdles of talking with normies. But.. why look here? Why not look elsewhere? Why are you so fixated on /r9k/? Aren't there a million Discord servers, Twitter, online games, etc?
i'm a fembot who has spoken to like 12 robots and 10 of them were outright ugly incel types. the other two were taken, i just ghosted all of them
Sorry, there is a bit too much of extrapolation in that post, I don't want to go down that road and justify myself for things I've never said.
Then you aren't a sweet person, if this isn't bait.
talk to them like a human
I treat everyone the same.
If you mean I need to walk on eggshells around them and pretend to have progressive ideals, then no, I don't think I will.
A woman can be sweet and still acknowledge the realities of the world. If she gets offended by criticism of whores, then she is either a whore herself or a whore apologist; neither make good wives or mothers.
What did you expect? And why would you stop talking to them over their looks?
anyone intelligent enough to have comprehensive writing is capable enough to speak
sorry lad, just be honest and say you dont like browns next time
And that's a good thing. Nothing serious can come out of a pile of lies.
i am, i was looking for a bf in that thread
i was expecting decent looking autistic types. i didn't wanna friendzone them especially since they were messaging me every day
or option c
while being reserved and abstinent themselves, theyre conditioned into accepting this behaviour
i met a really sweet girl that has progressive ideals just because she was brought up in that environment, but is otherwise very prude and has never even had a relationship
women dont think or form opinions of their own, blame the education system
Okay, then let me reframe:
In your view, is there any reason I should look for a girlfriend here over any other online community?
i was expecting decent looking autistic types
we get to choose and we dont choose girls like you
better yourself or lower your standards
incel wishes death on someone for wanting someone they are attracted to
lol
i am, i was looking for a bf in that thread
You could've sent a message telling them you don't believe it's going to work out instead of ghosting. Not caring about how other people feel doesn't make you a sweet person. Silence is worse than rejection.
If you want to find a girl who uses 4chan and probably has trouble in the outside world, yes. Otherwise no. Find her somewhere else. As long as you are happy it doesn't matter where you two meet.
i'm cute and had guys buy me stuff from my wishlist in the past
nope
they'll ask why. i'll just have to end up lying anyway
Guys on here are scary to meet up in my opinion. You never know what they really would do i mean you see what they say. I want to be friends with some but thats hard because i don't wanna give them hope
If you want to find a girl who uses 4chan and probably has trouble in the outside world, yes
I am interested in that. I'm starting to think there is an asymmetry here. Girls that use 4chan are 10x as fucked up as guys that use 4chan. I'm just an introverted socially awkward guy. Whereas girls that post here are demons much like >>73042148
Do you mind telling me your gender? Are you a girl who envisions herself as one of the nice girls on /r9k/, or are you a man that is trying to convince himself that there are worthwhile people here?
Why not just tell the truth?
i'm biofem and i'd not tell people they are ugly thats rude
Dating someone who *cel-posts on r9k
Expecting a well adjusted, intelligent, charming person who will be the one for you
myfuckingsides.webm
I agree from what i see there are so many asshole girls here what makes men hate girls even more
Women's interest is fickle, and getting ghosted is likely. The only way for a girl to resonate with you online and go through with adding you is for her to have an overly sexual first impression of you, since they can make shit up why you're compatible if she likes the sexual attention enough. At that point though you've already defined mutual spark as cope and you giving her sexual attention as the basis for the relationship, and once it fades a couple of months in you'll get ghosted. Anyone will tell you to try and get the girl to talk about herself, and not about your own self, since one is interesting to her and the other isn't.
Talk to an e-girl once, twice, get ghosted, and realize the more time you spend together, the less she cares for it. You're not a human being to girls on here, you are a trip sitter for a hormonally unbalanced retard that you need to placate until she pushes you away. If you think "If only I was nicer to this girl online, maybe she-" stop. It doesn't matter what you say.
Far ruder to ghost someone, I think you're just a coward.
i met a chinese american incel from here who was really smart and also rich but he was also really ugly but he even practically worshipped me. my heart sunk when i saw his face, i wanted to find him attractive so badly
any female can get male attention
that out of everything you chose this to bring up says a lot about your personality
they'll ask why. i'll just have to end up lying anyway
"Hey, sorry about this as it may seem sudden but I don't think I'll be able to keep talking with you. It is better to end it now. I wish you the best and want to apologize again if this lead to nothing."
You don't have to give reasons. Sending a message like this may be a bit cold but better than ghosting nonetheless.
Guys on here are scary to meet up in my opinion
Yeah, this is more after a long distance relationship. Don't meet with people you've known for only a few weeks or months.
I'm just an introverted socially awkward guy
You'll have plenty of opportunities elsewhere. In my case I wanted someone coming from here because of how broken I am. If you can still live somewhat normally, don't get a girl from 4chan.
The only way for a girl to resonate with you online and go through with adding you is for her to have an overly sexual first impression of you
Anon, I...
If you think "If only I was nicer to this girl online, maybe she-" stop. It doesn't matter what you say.
Being nice shouldn't be your goal. Being true should. And then if she likes you it will work. If not just like in real life you will have to find someone else.
Being nice shouldn't be your goal
This is not what I said.
And then if she likes you
No, you are a textbox on the internet defined more through the stigma of "I don't know who this person is but he's on r9k so I probably shouldn't add him" than anything else.
You'll have plenty of opportunities elsewhere. In my case I wanted someone coming from here because of how broken I am. If you can still live somewhat normally, don't get a girl from 4chan.
Maybe so, but I'm also a bit eccentric, terminally online, and quite aged (late 20s.) I feel like the opportunity has passed me by, I wasted all of my time not even trying to find a girlfriend throughout my 20s. Luckily I look quite young still but... I think I should just give up instead. Where would I even go? Dating apps certainly don't work.
Hi it's me sweet woman! Lmfao. I usually get sweet interactions because I'm nice but once one spergs out they all follow and it makes my kindness and faith in humanity lower >~&lt;
Don't let your age get in the way. People still date in their 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s and 70s (and even older). Yeah, you may feel bad for not using your potential when you were younger but it doesn't mean it's over. Try your best now to not have regrets again later.
Dating apps certainly don't work.
Depending on how broken you are it may work. I've seen people getting a gf thanks to Tinder. But other than that, I don't know either where to go since I am completely lost myself.
