femcel adds incel online
both self described "unlovable and ugly"
incel falls for femcel
femcel does not reciprocate
bahahhaahaha. can someone tell me why i should take "femcels" serious again?
Kind of similar situation. I added a supposed femcel and we got along great for around a week then she ghosted.
I don't mind if she wasn't interested or lost interest, I just think ghosting is shitty behaviour, she did me a favor I guess. Femcels are volcels. They ghost you then post here how lonely they are kek
I managed to date and meet up with a self-proclaimed femcel. When we were together in person there were constantly guys drooling for her and hitting on her right in front of me. She got consistent compliments on her outfits from men and other women throughout the day. She told me she loved me, that I was her everything, then she dumps me and completely ghosts me.
That's not true lol. I have a boyfriend I found on here and hes the best
Ghosting is perfectly normal. It's a lot better for everyone to just ghost than to explain to why you don't want to talk to them.
i met my bf here. i'm a super fat girl so was really scared he would ghost me especially since he was tall, fit and handsome. apparently, he fell for me too. we have been dating for 2 years now btw
its not true? so i lied then?
i was a 20 year old khv, got rejected by every guy i was ever into. this was the only guy i liked who gave me a shot, i was defo a femcel
Unless they're obese or hunchback of Notre dame tier face, they're not femcels. They just like the attention they get for saying they are.
Like I said it's fine if they're not interested, but cutting contact and leaving the other person wondering what they did wrong is shitty behaviour.
No, cutting someone off without a word is shitty behaviour. 
I have nothing else to say because I know you've made up your mind and won't change. So go by your ghosting philosophy and don't bother replying.
every time you do something wrong with a woman its because there are men sexier than you interested in her
got rejected by every guy
we all know women never approach guys because it make them feel like whores. at the most u were friends with a guy and just hoped he liked u back but put 0 effort into giving him signs. retard
Yeah. And? Did you miss the part where I said it's fine that they lost interest? What a stupid comment.
she thinks you have a shit personality
sexy offered to give her dick
she thinks you need to shower
sexy signaled he wants her cunt
she thinks u are too grouchy 
she has probably been getting dick from sexy on the side
awwwww anon we have such a great friendship together i dont wanna spoil it
AWSOME ORGASMS FROM SEXY
nope, i added really hot guys from /soc/ and they always rejected me for being fat. i also made posts on /soc/ but no attractive guy ever added me
iv been occasionally posting my tag on soc for years and you never added me. fuck u cunt
Got rejected by every guy I was ever into
Most guys on here have been rejected by every woman they HAVEN'T been into.
why do loli coomer gooners always have the worst fucking takes? are u literally stroking ur cock mid orgasm at half brain power while thinking and typing ur counter arguments?
i only add guys who add photos of their faces
Why are you adding guys who are so much hotter than you? What makes you think you deserve it?
Not them but you're a fucking idiot if you post your face on 4chan. Holy fuck no wonder you met total ass holes, you dip shit.
iv been rejected by every guy iv ever liked
aka
i add hot guys that only post their faces
this is why i never believe a women the first time she says something and u have to pry
You are trying to make me hate women more, aren't you?
Are you getting off to this?
As you should. You can't have a real relationship without physical attraction. Good for you.
because i want someone i'm attracted to? why don't incels date other men? because you're NOT attracted to men
i have to see the guy's face first 
femcels are females who can't get men they are attracted to
not at all, anon. i'm just being honest about my experiences with trying to find a bf as a former true fembot
this. i don't get why incels are so mad over the obvious
can't get men they are attracted to
No, a femcel is a female incel, a female involuntary celibate .
You are a volcel, a voluntary celibate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG0y9swWgm4 [Embed]
Owls are better partners and mothers than humans. Take the Owl-Pill.
A femcel is not the inverse of a male incel because women can always get sex no matter what. A femcel is a dirty woman who likes Trisha Paytas.
if my claim is "females are never attracted to me and im always rejected" and then u find out the only way i interact with females is trying to add hot girls i find on twitter and i never get replies back, then the original statement seems fucking stupid. you only phrased it like that because women like having negative experiences because they think it makes you strong or something. you like having mental illness because it makes you seem quirky and like u fought for something. no, just because there are incel guys that cant get laid doesnt mean that you are also an incel because you add attractive guys on /soc/
I think Imu might actually be a post-immortal surgery xebec, OP. What's your theory?
femcels are retarded. I look like a chadlite and she played hard to get
OP here. i think the same thing. both imu and rocks wanted to be king of the world, and they were introduced so close together (just like nika and gear 5)
A lot of people nowadays are completely delusional about their looks and intelligence. Most incels are no different than the old and fat single moms on tinder that believe they can get a rich and good looking guy. Dunning-Kruger effect is more prevalent now than it has ever been. Ugly and dumb people usually end up with other ugly and dumb people. Reality is a hard pill to swallow. Easier to bitch and moan on the internet than accept that your genes don't make the opposite sex go crazy.
do you even look at r9k? half the threads are people bitching about being ugly and shit genetics. nobody is delusional about how they look besides the old women on tinder you dumb fuck
They are bitching about not being able to get women that are out of their league. Very tiny fraction of people are really incels/femcels. Most people here are not incels, but volcels. They refuse to accept that they can't get the girls they are most attracted to.
they accepted that they cant and complain about being ugly and if they were attractive then they would be able to, which is fair and also completely correct. everybody is shallow and wants somebody attractive, the staceys they chase are no different. if an incel turned into a 10/10 chad then they would be able to get the girl. the problem is out of their control like their parents' genetics and upbringing
Agreed. Law and BB having a confrontation immediately after gear 5/Nika also feels like a thematic hint.
have fun dying alone cause you never locked down a man
No it isn't, ghosting is the shittiest thing you can do. At least tell people what they did wrong so they can improve
if i add a random dipshit from 4chan or somewhere just to fuck around in my freetime, i dont have a moral obligation to tell them if im done talking to them. its like adding someone on xbox in 2007 and playing games with them, but if i ever wanted to stop playing games i would have to personally send a message to them explaining why i no longer enjoy their company or some shit, its fucking cringe. but the funniest part is people like you probably make fun of "sjw safe spaces" or "Trigger warnings" and shit like that for emotionally shielding someone except you want random girls online that you add specifically just to get nudes to apply the same empathy to you.
maybe if you explained literally anywhere why you ghost, even not to them in particular, people would stop doing the shit that makes you leave. but you don't because you need to be swept off your feet by someone perfect instead of helping people improve.
again, why do women have a moral obligation to help struggling males? why would i care about helping someone improve? i literally do not care, its so much easier for me to find a male that is already at the standard im looking for. just like how guys wouldnt see a fat disgusting whale of a female and think about getting her into dieting and exercise, they would instead find an already thin and attractive female because its easier and you have no obligation to help fat females
why do i have a moral obligation to not hate women and by extension you for being a cunt? for your vaginas? i wasn't gonna get those in the first place.
you're arguing with an incel, not a simp, so your tricks won't work on me.
please lemme simp for you, goddess. cuck me with these superior males
i am literally a male btw u niggers are dumb af
if i add a random dipshit from 4chan or somewhere just to fuck around in my freetime, i dont have a moral obligation to tell them if im done talking to them
Problem is that people here aren't just fucking around. It is not the same as adding someone from xbox because the context is different. People genuinely want to be your friend and be nice to you, and you treat them like a disposable tool.
except you want random girls online that you add specifically just to get nudes to apply the same empathy to you.
That's not even what most people here do and you know it. You're just using it as an excuse to justify your behaviour.
ah yes the super serious anime imageboard where you find your soulmate, fuck off dumbfuck. also i dont ghost people, im not female, im just arguing in opposition to your cringe take where you think people are morally justified because you think r9k is like linkedin or a professional dating app or something
ah yes the super serious anime imageboard where you find your soulmate, fuck off dumbfuck.
Are you just pretending to be dumb? I hope so.
im just arguing in opposition to your cringe take where you think people are morally justified because you think r9k is like linkedin or a professional dating app or something
You're arguing against social reciprocation
people have the option to explain why they are going to ghost somebody if they feel like explaining it, but some people also dont care that much and just trim off and clean their friends lists and dont want a bunch of random people on their accounts. whichever they decide to do is their protocol. they dont owe you anything. i dont care about "social reciprocation" whatever the fuck that means. its a sad day when 4chan incels appeal to lefty twitter speak to justify their arguments
I mean, you're right in that people can be as nasty as they want, but why are you blaming people for not wanting nasty people? 
muh left
Obsessed.
