You ever just listen to normal people talk to each other about basically nothing, just sorta chatting away because their friends or lovers, and think "damn i wish i understood how that worked...or that someone cared about me or something".
See this is why I don't like going outside and became a shut-in. Out there I'm always eventually reminded that there is something wrong with me. If the simple act of having a conversation with someone is stressful and confusing and feels like an uphill battle that you need to just get through, I think it's time to rope.
not really no, sorry. better luck next time champ
It seems awkward and impossible looking in from the outside but it's really not
don't do it, there's people that care about you and even if it seems hard, try to enjoy your life and don't think about other people that if you became friends with would probably betray you anyway
unless you're going to suck his cock like a little faggot turdwhore, stop making pseudoempathetic posts. either pitch in or eat turds retard faggot cockroach
OP, another word of advice is to avoid 4chan because a lot of people like this are on this website
(and also I'm interested in what they mean by pitch in, maybe their definition of pitching in is to be like them and spend time out their day making people feel bad about themselves online)
blah blah blah your dad molested you blah blah retard turdwore blah blah
No I hate normalfags and smalltalk is the most tedious shit imaginable. Actual torture
Seems like you're too focused on what makes you different and not things which make you similar. Be confident within your own self, find people who communicate like you do.
The people who care about me are my parents who I hate. I blame them for how I ended up and feel pretty justified about it for a variety of reasons. It would please me greatly to think about how my passing will affect them as I die.
Both of my sisters now have children and I feel completely estranged from them.
I agree but I wish I didn't. This is not how we're meant to be.
It's not that I listen
It's that they talk so fucking loud that I can't help but overhear. It's as if normalshit want everybody around them to know that their inner selves are totally banal
