<comment>
be 28 year old still in uni
in family gathering
mother says "i know anon will be bothered if i tell you this, but he got an A the other day in an exam!" (because i dont wanna show off, in her mind)
i just stare at the table in shame, completely serious, and say nothing, waiting for the topic to change.
dinner goes on
<comment>
Didnt read your gay blogpost, who is this qt
<comment>
some seraphine lol streamer forgot the name somethin like meawueieiee
<comment>
28, studying electronics
know barely anything about it because low motivation and shit uni
go visit a factory where they makes buses with family
we enter the electronics department
mom blabs about me studying it
workers start mentioning stuff to me
iveheardthesewordsbefore.jpg
nod without really understanding
Ik your pain, anon.
<comment>
I also hate when my parents try to brag about me to others. I understand they're trying to do something nice, but everyone knows I'm a failure so it just makes me seem even more pathetic.
<comment>
be 24
boss declares we're touring a chocolate factory
clients tell me they love our product
get fed lots of chocolate
I write down things customers say
go back to HQ and make electronics
go back to chocolate factory and install electronics while eating delicious candy
<comment>
Not really related but hes an embarrassing cringe spaghetti moment from earlier today
walk into last lab of semester
my usual spot in the back is taken
see open spot in the row in front of where I usually sit 
walk all the way to the front of class, walk past someone sitting and go all the way around because I was scared to ask the kids in my way to move so I can get by
as I walk to the seat see some brad smirking at me in a mocking matter
say nothing and just look away and sit down
later on, turns out that same brad and his gf have to come down and sit next to me and work with me because of limited equipment
lol fml
brad is acting cool despite the earlier mockery but the gf is acting all pissy and rude
blow it off and just conduct business with them as usual and try to act friendly and cordial
things are going fine
girl sitting in front of us turns around as we are conducting a test
her face looks confused and she looks like she is about to ask a question
I lock eyes with her expecting her to ask me and I have a slight smile on my face to seem friendly
she makes a grossed out/weirded out face and opens her eyes wide and looks away
feel like shit
just sit there like a retard the rest of class too embarrassed to talk to anyone else or look anyone in the eye anymore
feel the autistic and humiliated energy radiating off of me
class finally ends and I quickly leave
What a terrible last day lol. God I fucking hate being a weird creepy autist, I dont even know how to stop, I dont wanna be like this but it just happens. At least I dont have to see these people anymore for four months.
<comment>
dont even know how to stop
Of course you know how to stop, you're just need the strength to do it
<comment>
Nah, refuse to kill myself. I may be a pathetic meek faggot at times but I aint no quitter
<comment>
then i suggest therapy or some mind opening substances, i believe that would help
<comment>
I had a terrible experience with acid and have never done psychedelics since. I was interested in maybe trying mushrooms but im worried about bad trips and just damages to my psyche in general. I know people who have taken psychedelics and have never been the same, they seem like lobotomized shells of their former selves now.
<comment>
worried about bad trips
There are no bad trips, anon. You see what you need to see. Reflect on your last one and realize what you were supposed to realize.
<comment>
Your mother is a narcissist and is knowingly using shame / infantilization as a tactic to feed into her ego and likely raised you to be a source of narcissistic supply for her. No one is this oblivious to how saying this kind of thing affects someone what your mom is doing is deliberate.
