I've convinced several women I'm some kind of player gaming women left and right. Left the impression I've had sex with several women, haven't explicitly said so. I am a late 20s virgin. 
This is the point: people are retarded and will believe anything you say if you can convincingly act the part. This means, there is no particular thing that will give your virginity status away unless you outright say it. So being a virgin doesn't matter, it's how you carry that.
also, to get in this headspace all I have to do is watch this and I'm golden
https://youtu.be/ojP204omDlI [Embed]
The idea that people can somehow "smell virgins" is the most retarded concept ever. I'm a virgin and I get women saying shit like "hey handsome" to me and have been groped by women and other such things. I've had sex haver friends get jealous of the attention I was getting from women. A lot of these sex havers are really just paying for sex, in one form or another. Just ask women about their experiences with men. They all have a billion stories about men literally down on their knees begging for sex, explicitly offering specific favors in exchange for sex, etc. Being a volcel is better than getting sex on those terms LOL.
exactly. better to not grovel and keep your dignity intact. I was never desperate, a lot of women will hate you for not giving them attention. a few will try harder to get it, and some might even like you. but the point is to not waste your energy making bad memories you'll cringe at later. being smooth is what Gosling would want, that's why he's literally my idol.
Why do you guys enjoy telling such obvious lies? No virgin gets this much attention from women. If you actually got this much attention you would be having sex.
women love me but I'm scared to have sex even though I was asked explicitly if I wanted to have sex with a girl who surprise kissed me
I ghosted a boy because I got the impression he wasn't a virgin recently. You don't live on the west coast by chance do you anon
But I like debasing myself
Been there done that.
Although this fake confidence helped me flirt with several women, got my first blowjobs, and so on, it didn't help me feel good about myself and didn't help me get proper dates or a girlfriend.
I then moved to a new place and decided "I'd rather be honest now" and it worked way better. Went on dates, and eventually met my girlfriend.
It's only my own experience but honesty felt so much better than being fake.
Why are you so attractive to women?
Nope, I'm posted at the BarbieMalibuDreamHouse. My name is Kenneth Connor. I'm 26 years old.
