I want to be a writer for a living, but I'm complete shit at it. Any tips?
Sure. Here are some tips, oriented for fiction writing.
Stories should be entertaining. If you want it to teach a lesson then that should still be secondary to entertaining/intriguing the viewer. An impactful and valuable lesson isn't going to matter if no one wants to read the story that teaches it.
Use heavily summarized segments of the story to plan out the initial story and so you can more quickly read over it to weed out any plot holes. Then you go back and flesh out those summaries.
Get into the habit of writing, even if it's not something good or that you'd put out there. Develop the habit so that you can avoid/overcome writer's block.
look into the life of that dude who wrote conan the barbarian. 
people constantly shit talk him
make fun of him for having gun
he just writes alot of shit and figures out what works
has some ideas 
sends them out
gets the critcism
people make fun of him
he writes more
keeps sending shit out
keeps learning
i honestly hate literature but even i got bored enough to skim his autobiography and his short stories.
I want to be a writer for a living, but I'm complete shit at it. Any tips?
It's pretty much impossible to do that. You have to be genuinely good to make it. If I were you I'd read a lot more and write in your free time as a hobby. Read a lot of genuinely intellectually engaging literature and get into the habit of learning some of the more verbose words within.Find a good solid job you can tolerate and tip away at your novels and short stories. There is a sea of genuinely terrible self published waffle on Amazon and it takes an incredible amount of genuine talent to rise above that. Write out your ideas. All of them. Build upon them when inspiration strikes.
great advice, screencapping this for my folder.
brian griffin on 4chan? yoooo Brian Griffin
You can't. The only reason to write anything these days is for the pure art of it. Soon AI writing will put even hack pornographic writers out of a "job".
that dude
something something I got bored enough to read about his life
but I cannot remember his name
You're talking about Robert E. Howard, dipshit.
AI will never be able to write as well as human beings.
I like using Character.ai to world build and chat with my characters.
Maybe not, but people looking to get off aren't exactly looking for literary excellence.
find your niche
try multiple ones until you find yourself (as in post a bunch of stories in different places and genres and see what people like)
writing is more about pandering to whatever niche you can find that likes your style than anything else
if you can sell 1000 copies you are already a best selling writer
you will never be grr martin, stephen king or jk rowling
It already does a better job of communicating than half of you zoomer faggots that post here. I'd say it'll outpace you in, at most, 4 years.
write a certain amount every day and you will get better. chase your dreams anon dont let the haters discourage you &lt;3
Sorry I forgot your husband's name.
Read a lot, get a real job, and give up.
t. lit degree and "writer"
