You retards need to move on to the "acceptance" part of this chart. Women are parasites that will leave as soon as you don't have money. Sex is really no better than jerking off. 
Instead of being a depressed and whiny faggot you can go make yourself happy instead.
I want to feel a naked female body against my skin
Yeah but you don't need to
Humans are biologically programmed to desire sex, and it's a physical requirement for optimal health.
Masturbation can't replace sex because it doesn't provide the same benefits.
but I really really want to
even clothed cuddleing would be wonderful
Nope you don't need it. Humans have consciousness which can override egotistical desires. You ever notice how animals completely pig out and become obese if you keep giving them food? You can override that as a human
Pay someone to do it. Or just accept that that isn't in the cards for you right now. You're making yourself miserable
Nobody cares if you jerk off. Jerking off does nothing for you. It's a private act that nobody but you has any proof of.
And paying for something that most people get for free is pure retardation.
Paying someone to do it is not the same as getting it from someone who genuinely loves and cares about you.
Nobody get's sex for free. Why are you worried about other people validating you? How many more years are you going to spin your wheels and make yourself depressed?
So then stop worrying about it. You people waste your entire lives because you're waiting for women to validate you. Why don't you go do something cool?
It's not a choice. It's how humans are biologically programmed. We evolved to live in large tribes where everyone cares for each other. And since that's how we evolved, it's impossible for us to live any other way.
When I'm dead, I don't want to be remembered as a loser who was never loved by anyone.
Bhuddist monks prove your entire belief system wrong in terms of woman. If you want friends you need to go outside and do something to meet people. But here you are paralyzed because you won't do anything until a woman validates you.
Why is your ego so big that you care about what people think of you when your dead? You know you are a loser because you stay inside all day and you don't do anything that makes you happy.
What are prisons, dumbass.
Death is a void retard, you'll have no way to recollect past your physical ability to do so.
If you want friends you need to go outside and do something to meet people.
I do that all the fucking time. But no matter where I go or what I do, the place is empty.
What place is empty? Have you logically analyzed the issue and found what is going wrong?
The reason I don't do anything is because I have no one to do anything with. My life and experiences are worthless if I'm the only person who remembers them.
All of the things that make me happy require friends to enjoy, but since I've never had friends at any point in my life, I've never been able to enjoy anything.
The bar. Parks. The mall. No matter what day I go or what time of day I go, they're always dead or empty. People don't socialize with anyone except the people they came with. If you go there alone, you'll remain alone.
Why don't you find a hobby where people congregate around that hobby and talk to each other?
I feel bad for you. Your entire way of thinking is wrong. You don't need anyone to do anything. Your life isn't worthless so stop saying that to yourself. You are addicted to the negativity. Why not just do things that would make you feel less bad?
Just because you share a hobby with someone doesn't mean they'll want anything to do with you outside of that hobby.
I have tried doing things by myself. I have tried doing things to make myself less sad. It never works, because I'm just not capable of having fun by myself.
Sex
want to love and be loved, sex is irrelevant
Just because you share a hobby with someone doesn't mean they'll want anything to do with you outside of that hobby
not a reason not to take action
I have tried doing things by myself. I have tried doing things to make myself less sad. It never works, because I'm just not capable of having fun by myself.
your conclusion is wrong. You're not having fun because you have a gigantic ego that's making you miserable. Depression doesn't magically go away because you're with people. You're addicted to the pain aren't you? I know how that is. 
Change your mindset completely. You literally have nothing to lose.
There is nothing that makes me happy, that's the problem. The reason I started staying inside all day is because people treated me like shit and nobody wanted to be my friend. So fuck the outside world, there's nothing for me out there.
Women only love conditionally. Either way it's not something you need to live. Take action instead of wallowing in the pain
A mindset is not something that can be changed.
It is. Love is one of the requirements for optimal physical and mental health. Lacking it means your health will be less than perfect.
Studies have shown that loneliness does the same damage to the body as smoking 15 cigarettes a day, making it worse than obesity.
You have to get past that anon. Make yourself healthy and exercise. You'll never feel good if you're a slob. Here's my question: Why not just do literally anything to feel better day to day? If I gave you a magic pill to cure your depression forever would you take it?
I have done it for myself already. Do you have the same mindset as the you from 10 years ago? You are objectively wrong and you cannot prove your point. 
Yet chain smokers and obese people are not depressed enough to kill themselves. Lack of love is not a reason to stagnate and not make yourself happy.
I do exercise. It does nothing for me.
you would be in a worse state if you didn't. You are a human. Exercise does things for humans. Ultimately you are the one chaining yourself down. I hope you decide to free yourself soon.
Do you have the same mindset as the you from 10 years ago?
Yes. I never mentally grew past the age of 12 due to bullying and the social isolation that came as a result of it. Since I never got to interact with people or experience life, my mental and emotional maturity never developed beyond that of a child. I would genuinely like to experience life and grow as a person, but that boat has sailed. I'm too immature for adult life.
I don't want to be remembered as
You likely won't be remembered at all.
I would genuinely rather be dead. The only reason I haven't killed myself is because I'm too much of a coward to do it, and because I know it'd hurt my loved ones.
Yes. I never mentally grew past the age of 12 due to bullying and the social isolation that came as a result of it.
perhaps but all the experiences you've accumulated have made you into a completely different person. 
I would genuinely like to experience life and grow as a person, but that boat has sailed.
prove this for an absolute fact. It's possible to heal from something like that. It's possible to slowly work up to doing things. Does it really make logical sense to throw the rest of your life away because something bad happened to you? Is it really more painful to just try over how you feel now?
Well then you're just like I was. You can either try or do nothing. Many times you'll do nothing but sometimes you will choose to try. Then slowly you'll get a win here and there. You'll feel better from day to day and you'll eventually do more things. Just try. It's not worse than thoughts of suicide.
all the experiences you've accumulated have made you into a completely different person
I don't have any experiences, that's the problem.
Even just being alive for an extra decade changes you. But that doesn't matter anon. Right now you are in a pit. Only you can decide to start clawing your way out of the pit. The outside has some neat stuff in it. Certainly better than what's in the pit. Will you stay there forever or will you stop justifying why you should be in the pit and get out?
I've been outside. I go out there every day. There's nothing out there that makes me happy.
You don't let yourself be happy. Even the warmth of the sun and the wind are something that can make people happy but only if you appreciate them. Stop thinking of reasons to be depressed and think about reasons to be happy. You have food and a roof over your head.
You're the one who said you WANT to experience life. Fight for it. Chip away at it one thing at a time. I don't know your brain so I can't give you perfect advice. All I know is that you can either accept 60 more years of pain or just do something
I WANT to be happy. Having food and a roof over my head isn't going to mean shit when I'm dead.
There's no point in doing anything if nobody but me is going to to remember it.
I WANT to be happy. Having food and a roof over my head isn't going to mean shit when I'm dead.
There's no point in doing anything if nobody but me is going to to remember it.
yeah you have a huge ego problem. What other people think about you is irrelevant. I'm trying to get you to make yourself happy but you keep replying with irrelevant concepts of things mattering when you're dead and what other people want. 
Make YOURSELF happy NOW. Having a roof over your head is something to be happy about. There are things that you want to do. Just do it. You're making excuses because you like being in pain
I don't like being in pain. I want to be happy. I want to have friends.
I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of having low self-esteem. I just want to be loved. I just want to live a normal life. I just want to be treated like a human being. That's it.
True but you do need love and belonging. Most robots have shit families and as a result learned maladaptive social skills and so either keep finding shit friends or have no friends. Then there are the autists...
Shit just changes too fast these days. The WHO wanted to call introversion a mental illness and it's clear why. The modern global world wants social butterflies ready to fly by night.
uhhh uhhh you're not missing out on anything bro, love isn't really that big of a deal
It's not just robots. Everyone has less friends and by extension less romantic and sexual relationships these days.
Something has seriously gone wrong with the world.
Society is collapsing, but everyone acts like this is normal.
yall are acting like you wouldnt be alive if it werent for women..
Anon's point is that you're supposed to overwrite these basic emotions and feelings into self delusion, because eventually if you get self deluded enough and (ironically) grow an ego and don't give a fuck (Even though you do, but just hammered it down deep down) then women will come to you to leech on your happiness and joy.
Anon, you're supposed to be a battery - you can't be drained, you have to recharge others. That's what a man does, and a woman will come drain you.
Otherwise, you're not getting support. You won't get someone that grows through suffering with you.
He's a faggot and just using bluepilled psychology but his takeaway is the same as what I'm saying.
You need a bigger ego, you need to exude ego and confidence and be the shit above others around you - eat the competition. Its cutthroat.
That's not the point. Stop letting what women think ruin your entire life
We literally wouldn't be, you fucking moron. Did your father ejaculate into his hand and nurture your tadpole ass in the kitchen sink?
All this cope with "just be a perfect happy satisfied human being on your own" is modern horse shit.
Arranged marriages were done for a reason. Females were kept under control because if you remove a man's motivation, then society crumbles. And no I will not accept your outliers that were hyperfocused on a niche subject like Tesla being one in a hundred million that cared for his craft more than his baser instincts.
Good on him, majority aren't wired that way. Most people need the motivator of romance and family. Fuck sake, its not complex. Even chimps and animals know this. Only human hubris thinks it can deny simple reality with its SUPERIOR INTELLECT BRO
What is this point supposed to accomplish? I hate to break it to you but women are capable of doing bad shit
what if life was never meant to be this bad, and our creator just fucked it up.
this is why you must always lie about your money
If I get to the acceptance stage, I'll legitimately blow my brains out. The idea that one day, I might be loved, is the only thing still keeping me going. Without that, I'm done.
You're a good looking goy, you'll find someone one day!
The acceptance stage is what sets you free and allows you to be happy. Maybe you'll find a girl later on but you have to live your life.
The acceptance stage is what sets you free and allows you to be happy
If I accept that I'll always be alone, I'll actually die, anon. There will be no other reason for me to keep going. It's the only thing I want, without that, it's over.
Shit liberals and their deranged pursuit for a polite society made everyone distant.
You need to stop living for other people. That's why you're miserable. You should be doing things that make you happy
that's normal. just remember there's a human attached to the body.
no one thinks this is normal and everyone is rly worried about it actually. we should fight against it together with all the normies :)
You should be doing things that make you happy
Like what? There isn't anything that makes me happy. As long as I'm alone, I'm going to be miserable. The 4 years I was in a relationship, was the only time in my life that I've ever felt happy.
Can you imagine if people genuinely took your advice to heart? More selfishness than already is. Less thoughtfulness. Less "doing nice things for the sake of it"
This bluepilled advice is really retarded. When we're in a family tribe we do things for each other, not for ourselves - and it worked out splendidly to get us to...this. To this modernity where the best advice is "live, laugh, love. Just do things for yourself."
Fucking awful. I don't think you realize the end result of this. Whatever.
Like what?
only you can answer that question. Women don't like men that have nothing going on for them. You're in a self fulfilling prophecy loop
yeah so lets just crank the suicide rate instead right? Lets just have millions of men not take any action and improve themselves because they're perpetually waiting for women to validate them. Take >>73048920 for example. He is wallowing in his misery because he can't get a woman but he can't have one becasue he's a miserable pile of shit that doesn't enjoy anything. Is that a better paradigm for you? If women come later because you make yourself happy and stop being a miserable shithead then good for you. In the meantime you should accept that your current self can't get a woman.
your empathy doesn't go away by looking out for yourself and not self-sabotaging for other ppl's gain. you can't help others very well if you don't help yourself first. and your happiness should come from your own internal validation and from showing kindness to others, both are important.
It would be a better paradigm if it rapidly spirals into a scenario where change is NECESSARY. Meaning, people start panicking, freaking out, and questioning the way things are done. Maybe the question "Did I cause this in some way" leads into "Maybe I should be more caring", which would lead to a greatly diminished population that is actually tightly knit.
Yes, I absolutely think its better. Those left will cherish each other more and perhaps change their behavior, the dead will know peace, and nature can spring up and fill back what we've taken and destroyed.
What counterpoints do you have?
the thing is that someone in this desperate of a state wouldn't be able to handle a relationship right now if they are capable of getting into one. it's an emotionally turbulent thing and it takes a lot of strength to make it really work. so it's better to be ready and work on yourself so when you do find the right one you'll be able to keep the relationship healthy.
Your entire way of thinking is wrong
Not when it's true for them.
only you can answer that question. Women don't like men that have nothing going on for them. You're in a self fulfilling prophecy loop
What else am I meant to do? I have hobbies, I have a job, I have a couple friends that I do shit with. None of it is fulfilling, none of it feels good. Because I'm alone. This isn't something I can fix, I've tried everything I can think of. The hole in my heart just will not go away
but the thought pattern is what's making it true for them. they should get a social hobby and they'll find the ppl they're looking for. if that's too scary bc social anxiety then get therapy, it will help.
Yeah, its difficult, so what? You think its more difficult for a broken man to be in a relationship and get at least some support and love (That can have the potential to kickstart their rise) than for a man to be alone, miserable, and gaining some fuel out of their ass?
Neither is ideal but one is clearly better than the other, you can't expect everyone to be a fucking infinite engine of self actualization. Some people just need a goddamn hand to cling to for a bit. We're human, aren't we? Or is that just some bullshit people spout when its convenient? Feels like humans are more cruel than predatory animals when they give you this shit of "Hey you're in misery pick yourself up alone"
Fucking awful shpiel. Great motivation.
Biology can't be explained away as mere egotistical fluff
if you're broken you should seek some help. don't try to depend on something as unstable as romantic relationships unless the perfect person just happens to come along. there is stable help out there. pls pls give therapy a chance anon. or at least find a hobby that has you meeting ppl if you can find the motivation for that. any progress will help you. i rly hope you find it.
ignore him. every expert agrees humans need socialization and it's super unhealthy to isolate yourself. but we can heal from these wounds anon. loneliness is a situation, it isn't a quality of who you are. a lot of ppl have struggled through this and found happiness at the end of it. trust God. your suffering is not meaningless and the world accepts you more than you think.
So you just want people to die and maybe some will make it through? There's nothing else to say to you 
fuck off crab. Make something else true for you then
Go to therapy. I can't answer that exact question for you. I figured out how to enjoy myself alone. You must walk your own path
Sure you can. Monks can go their whole lives without ever seeing a woman
Hey you're in misery pick yourself up alone
yeah unironically do that. There are no angels that will fall from the sky to save you. Thing is when you're in this state you CANNOT get a woman. Why would she love a broken puppy like you?
Go to therapy
I've seen two, they did nothing.
sometimes you get a bad therapist, it's pretty common. i had to go through a few before i found a good one, then when i moved i had to go through a couple more to find a new good one. don't give up. good therapy is genuinely so healing.
so try again. I used to be in a state where nothing worked just like you. Truth is nothing worked because I dismissed it before I even tried it. I didn't even give it a chance to work.
I will probably try again eventually. I've been trying to work up the nerve call and set up an evaluation at this psyche place near me. Also question, anon. Are you a woman? Because I feel therapy just doesn't work well for men
sometimes I actually forget that part
it's the best part. &lt;3
i'm proud of you for trying for yourself. you can heal. and i'm a woman but ik it works just as well for men. i've seen it. i'm in a group therapy and a lot of my groups have men and i see them improving so much. there is so much hope for you anon.
I have this weird issue where I accepted I will never have a partner and because I never had one there isn't really anything I miss. However I still feel bad about it. It is more like a grief about the constant shame of not being normal.
you aren't abnormal you're just stuck in a pit of mental illness rn. i think you'll find someone once you're healthier.
Best thread on /r9k/ right now, and of course it's making the normalfags cope. Fucking tired of faggots on here crying and bitching about women 24/7 when you can just fucking ignore them and live a perfectly happy life. In fact, I would go as far to say it's the ONLY way to have a happy life.
The only difference between a pig and a human is insight. The pig never knows if they get fed next time so they will always pig out. We know we will get food so we draw out destroying our body into the future we don't know. People in general only change their way if something threatens them immediately.
don't smoke bro because you'll get cancer
lol whatev
if you smoke one more year your lungs will die
I'm putting it down tomorrow
there is so much hope for you anon.
I really don't think so but I will keep trying like I always have.
Thanks but I'm an old man.
It's an endurance test for men. Don't let it get to you.
Right... so the answer is a properly warmed up sex doll and a bottle of astroglide. Ooh! How about getting a dog? You can bang the dog! Or get banged, depending on if you are a dude or girl. Don't care about the gays and trannies. Fuck them bitches. They can all go die in a fire
heavy duty
I just want to be hugged and cared about
Go hug your waifu body pillow
keep trying and you'll see. at least know i believe in you getting better anon :)
Trust me, if I could inject myself with something to make myself asexual/aromantic, I'd do it in a fucking heartbeat. I hate being attracted to people and wanting love/sex.
at least know i believe in you getting better anon :)
Thank you, fren. Things have been very bad lately, so I appreciate it. I will try my best to get better
kill yourself or give an actual solution
I don't give a shit about the physical side of sex, I have a hand. I just want a best friend who I can be 100% open with, including my sexual side. I'm not gay so I can't have this experience with a man. I want to know this person in and out, and have them know me in my entirety. I want us to be loyal and exclusive to eachother. That's what my autistic fucking brain says peak "love" could be defined as.
This is one of my central goals as a person. I can't just 'go make myself happy' - what the fuck is there to do? Buy a bunch of stupid shit? Talk to people at a surface level, clawing for any sort of depth?
Damn anon I'm sorry someone hurt you that bad. I don't know if it was your mom, or if you just ran into a crazy one but regardless I'd suggest some therapy because you clearly have a grudge against half of the worlds population and that isn't healthy.
I just want a best friend who I can be 100% open with
Well women sure as fuck aren't going to fill that role
Tits or gtfo
women sure as fuck aren't going to fill that role
I believed this until I met a girl who was schizophrenic that I connected with better than any man I've ever met
un-fucking-ironically, 90% of women, especially neurotypical and BPD bitches follow the crowd and don't think for themselves. The rare autistic, schizophrenic, or adhd girl that's outcast by other women because she doesn't follow trends is the diamond in the rough I wish I could even begin to search for, but I don't know where to find this type of girl and I'm too much of a fucking sperg even for them
Those types of women are so incredibly rare that they may as well not even exist. I have a better chance of an anime girl coming through my screen and sucking me off then I do meeting one.
I fear that the type of woman I'm looking for is a NEET who never leaves her house and is too autistic to speak to people, just like I am. I guess unless looking on r9k, soc, vrchat, or some form of discord works out and leads to an actual in-person meet, it's probably over for us.
Can't be over if it never began in the first place
Of course that's not original lmao
Sorry anon I don't have tits really as I've lost 40Kg, and even my cock while girthy isn't particularly impressive.
I'll drink to that, brother
something that most people get for free 
No, they don't. Trust me on that
???
Ive literally never payed for sex. Not even indirectly. Hell, I want to buy the girl im seeing gifts from time to time and she literally will not let me spend money on her. The one time I bought her anything is because she was sick so I took her some medicines and next time she came to my house she snuck a $20 in my wallet while I was taking a shit..
The guy who recorded that study used college students as the main group to study its bullshit.
What the fuck does that claim even mean. How can you put "food" and "drink" along with "sex" and "clothing".
Believe it or not, you can live your whole life without having sex once, you can even live without clothes these days,
if you're living in an warm environment.
