how do asians work so much
You ask that as if their parents ever gave them a choice.
Motivation to escape from poverty
We has disciprine
Willpower. Wypipo should practice it too sometime, especially around food, and stop being fatasses.
Parents traumatize them physically/emotionally starting at age 4.
well we dont have walkable cities we have no happiness
t. every asian parent ever
Asians literally let their jobs consume their lives and don't reproduce. They work for nothing.
why do they not emigrate to europe with labor laws?
i would rather a house, savings, and vehicle than muh reproduction. god you guys are brain washed idiots with this stupid shit.
Hit a nerve fatso?
Neither do white boys apparently 
Reminder there are more Chinese nationals than white people in the entire world.
fpbp
short anser; they got told via no dogs fo lunch
had wok 
is path
Money, a house, and a vehicle does nothing for you once you're dead. The purpose of life is to pass on your genes, so that your descendants can carry on your legacy once you're gone.
Yeah this. It's also why American asians are so unsufferable, they bought into cultural nonsense instead of listening to their parents.
Workaholic mindset is cancer. Then they get blackpilled when they see people that don't put in work get rich i.e. people that get rich off of shitcoins/being an influencer/onlyfans/etc.
White kid:
bitches and starts crying
Asians kids
parents give them ipad or fortnite to make them stfu
Asians kids
no patience or discipline
Asians kids
takes a lot of pleasure to be satiated
Asians kids
try bitching and moaning. Get instantly gas lighted
Okay but what is your legacy? Sitting on r9 all day? Nta but you're also failing to take into account the fact that money, a house, and a vehicle can be given to your kids, whether you're alive or dead. It's called "inheritance" idk if you've heard of it before.
You skipped a few steps
get given nothing unless they get an A+
Okay but what is your legacy? Sitting on r9 all day? Nta but you're also failing to take into account the fact that money, a house, and a vehicle can be given to your kids, whether you're alive or dead. It's called "inheritance" idk if you've heard of it before.
You skipped a few steps
have this drilled into them until they get a good job
Okay but what is your legacy? Sitting on r9 all day? Nta but you're also failing to take into account the fact that money, a house, and a vehicle can be given to your kids, whether you're alive or dead. It's called "inheritance" idk if you've heard of it before.
You skipped a few steps
work is fucking bliss compared to what asian parents put them through
Okay but what is your legacy? Sitting on r9 all day? Nta but you're also failing to take into account the fact that money, a house, and a vehicle can be given to your kids, whether you're alive or dead. It's called "inheritance" idk if you've heard of it before.
You skipped a few steps
small indulgences are enough to satiate.
Okay but what is your legacy? Sitting on r9 all day? Nta but you're also failing to take into account the fact that money, a house, and a vehicle can be given to your kids, whether you're alive or dead. It's called "inheritance" idk if you've heard of it before.
You skipped a few steps
Not what I'm talking about but okay. Have you seen asian tiktok? It's fucking cancer. These are people that needed to get beat with a belt as children.
Genes determine who survives and who doesn't. Legacy is the impact you leave on the world.
They have machine like thinking
without all those things you die retard
They are conditioned from childhood.
You didn't answer my question, retard. What is *your* legacy. I'm asking you, specifically, as to what you've accomplished in life that is so necessary to pass on. I'm not asking for definitions to words I already know, I'm asking you what you've done with your life.
I don't get how people in general work so much. even the average normalfaggot does so much shit in a day that I would be exhausted by noon trying to keep up
You don't have to accomplish anything or pass on anything material to have a legacy. Your descendants don't even have to know your name, they carry on your legacy just by sharing DNA with you.
Okay so if someone murders you on the street is it your faulty genetics to blame?
asian-americans have the lowest fertility rate out of any ethnicity in the US, combined with relatively massive levels of race-mixing due to the popularity of wmaf couples.
100% of their population growth is immigration, and if immigration stopped they would be basically nonexistent within 3 generations
I don't think you know what a legacy is, anon. Alexander the Great had a legacy. Julius Caesar had a legacy. Billy Bob Who down the street who wasted his entire life working at the dollar store doesn't.
Your materialistic mechanistic type of delusion you live in has no basis on compelling people to reproduce. People don't start families or start caring about things beyond themselves because you looked up some bullshit an establishment "scientist" told you to think, they start families because of the spiritual drive within them to form lasting relationships. Not everyone will start families and no everyone will have a good life full of meaning because not everyone desires that. Some people just die homeless drug addicts because they prefer whatever shallowness to temporally fill the void in their lives as opposed to living for something worthwhile.
Unironically yes. Murderers do it primarily due to their genes.
bro i dont even know how people get out of bed
So what you're saying is that niggers are strong and whyte ppl are weak?
smaller bodies require less sleep
It could be. If you had good genetics you might be strong enough to evade your potential murderer. Or you could be smart enough to avoid a situation in which you could get murdered. Intelligence being largely inherited.
So thats why I'm so unsuccessful in this society, I'm a 2 meters tall muscle mountain so I can't compete with the Asians who can survive in harsher climates with less food and sleep compared to me
true I grind legue on stream 24/7 kick.com/leafy
They do it to rebel against their parents, the consequences of being a diasporafag. Diaspora usually turns people insufferable.
Aight so Caesar was assassinated due to genetics and he should have just been born better ig. Do you see how stupid you sound? Not every problem in life is due to genetics, that's literal cope.
be sales man
intimidate or seduce
idk non whites just seem to have more energy
