Lmfao you really love to see it. Anyone else laugh when they hear about this?
hmm,okies
Lmao. You love to see it.
still coping with the fact that white males make up 70% of all daily suicides despite being 32% of the population and society doesn't care 
still coping with the white death rates surpassing already declining white birth rates 
still coping with the fact that your grandparents died (or will died) for nothing 
KEK sorry anon but nobody will ever care about white male suicide
seething
And?
I think i'm going to read some shakespeare today. I know his works are old and it's a little cliche'd to read but i do really like his plays. what do you anons think?
Coping
And?
diagnosable
dead
Diagnosable is not a word. Also, ho are you going to say a person who killed themselves had an underlying mental condition when they were not previously diagnosed, and now they are dead? How to you diagnose a mental condition on a dead brain? How the FUCK do you wake up dead? You Can't!
And if I thrown in the word diabetes, who are you thinking of now?
Honest question:
Do you dare to look down when you pee, tiger?
per 100,000
haha! now do it again, but account for percentage of population
black men almost at the level of deaths of despair of white men, despite being like 10% the population of white men
Damn. Are the blacks okay?
but anon the blackies kill themselves before they can get depressed at 45 and pull the trigger.
70% of all daily suicides despite being only 32% of the population
Sorry anon but trying to including white females in the stats won't change the fact that white males are killing themselves in droves everyday and nobody cares. Keep crying and coping
They actually make up 82% of suicides despite being 50% of the US population.
still coping with the fact that noboy cares about white male suicide 
Blacks litterally look at suicide as "a white thing" KEK
European countries still have higher male suicide rates. Youre including female suicides, which are higher in Korea.
why do black men commit suicide so often? they look like they're the population killing themselves the most
I am not Korean and I also have a massive dick, why would I give a fuck about them.
Reminder whites are the only demographic whose numbers decreased. Each year the white population is increasingly in the negatives. Whites are walking fossils.
73049526
he's still coping with the fact that everyone is happy that white males are killing themselves in droves everyday 
keep coping anon its hilarious (but not as funny as white male suicide)
fuck whitey
noooooo we're dying
Based n truthpilled. Please keep spreading the good word anon. White male suicide benefits all of society. White males are also 70% more likely to know a friend or relative that has killed themselves TOP KEK
sounds legit, ricecel
AIDS aids in shaping society
Absolutely buckbroken beyond belief
that graph
Kek you really love to see it. The best part is that nobody will ever give a shit
whitey bad, banana gud, much good
You just really can't help but smile when you see it
Anudda floyd
whitey won. it's over, blackbros...
a-asian worship us!
Asians are actually the most happy when asked about the declining white population. The rest of society just doesn't give a shit (rightfully so)
To break this down further 
white male population: 26% 
percentage of male suicides committed by white men: 41%
black male population: 6.5%
black male suicides: 3.35%
Asian male population: 3%
Asian male suicides: 1.35% 
Hispanic male population: 10%
Hispanic male suicides: 3.5%
White males are the only demographic with disproportionately high suicide rates.
BBC wins again
Hol up...
73049610
Blonde blue eyed European males kill themselves more than Korean men.
Suicide by cop is a little different.
Top kek even Twitter is celebrating white male suicides
Uhh, rapperbros? We're masculine, right?
white men once fought and conquered
now they spam cope images on 4chan, dress up as women and kill themselves on twitch 
How did it come to this?
All black men say SISSY FAG RIGHTS!
Jeffree is a bottom and has admitted this many times, his dick doesnt even work. Black athletes fucking white trannies is extremely common, many famous black athletes have trans white sugarbabies.
Thanks for the qrd anon. I think you've mindbroken the white anon itt. He went from seething about Zimbabwe farmers to Koreans, and then to trannies. Kek you can't make this up.
Thats including black women who say they are bisexual. 
For male homosexuals, white men make up 70% of gay male couples.
We really need to give more empathy to all the sexless black male incels. There are more of them than any other race, and we are ignoring them entirely.
He is absolutely seething right now. How the white race has fallen.
73049681
female suicides, which are higher in Korea
hardly over half
B-but blacked?
4chan really is the only way they can cope. Even with 4chan their suicide rates are still sky-high. Anyone that could've possibly cared has already come hear and seen their behavior so now nobody gives a shit anymore
Only 9% of the world has light eyes, only 2% of the world has naturally blonde hair, and its shrinking all the time as whites cannot breed and even those who can, wont stop racemixing. They are committing their own genocide in real-time while blaming non whites and its hilarious to watch. Loving the fossil seethe.
Let's fight the Chuds! Let us celebrate queer and black beauty! All black beauty is queer beauty!
drug deaths
Will the nog bar even fit the screen?
Whitey wishes he got black men's game
be black tranny
still look more masculine than 100% of white boys 
LMAO
Oh nono no anon!! Stop ruining his cope! If you do he might kill himself later!
white women dont like black guys-ACK
Kink pride is black pride!
2.5%
cope more, darkie
coping this hard
Kek sorry anon but nobody will ever care about white male suicide top kek
Did you know that white people commit an incredible TEN violent crimes against black people per year? Just look at the statistics if you don't believe it!
Bleached is such a sad cope. Everyone knows dark eye, skin and hair alleles are dominant 99% of the time. Poltards will post ultra-cherrypicked, one in 10,000 case webms where an ethnic mom has a kid with blue eyes, but everyone knows white genes are cucky, submissive and recessive almost 100% of the time. 
White boys be like 
im gonna disappear my own phenotype to spite the blacks! 
LOL.
And how does your pet-meme make coalburners relevant? Oh wait it doesn't
q- quick post the 2008 okcupid dating stats before the white anon puts the bullet in his head!
1 in 40 babies is actually a massive amount. And that doesnt even count the number of women who fuck black men in their youth but settle down with a white betabux.
Smartest black man
Black men are incredibly popular with zoomers. Just look up BBC on tiktok. Millions of 10/10 teen girls dancing to a song about loving black dick.
73049836
he's still seething 
Kek cope harder while Bill gates' daughters gets blacked
incoherent fossil screeching 
Did someone hear a ghost?
Good boys, all of them
suicides make me so sad i wish i could save everyone and hold them as they cry.
Just misunderstood, pls understand
I-its massive, cause I say so!
lel. Nogs probably kill more of their brats at drunk party shootouts than they manage to bleach white woman with
Math is racist anyway
Now you see why they're trying to ban tiktok kek. They really can't stand seeing their "reality" crumble around them in real time
honestly?
i dont really care
i spoke with a lot of white men with mental health issues
the truth is that most of them are smug pieces of shit with no compassoin for anyone, or the weak
all of them eat meat and laugh at animal suffering
i had many debates with them, and they are proud animal killers
i dont care for them
i just get tilted when they virtue signal about how its wrong when normies treat them badly, but laugh at the animals they treat badly
humans, by and large, are a cancer on the planet
Serial good boys
i am sorry but if you're transitioning to female don't let your name be PHILIP
Retarded tictoc posers are also the ones stupid enough to touch a coon
How very surprising
Black family culture is far superior
Someone really needs to cage up the endangered animal before he takes himself out. It can't be healthy for him to be running around with no purpose like this
Whitey dun know nuffin bout raisin dem kids frfr
The ytbois are trying to spawnkill themselves wtf!?
blacks are just mentally stronger than whites
Yeah nobody cares about white male mental health issues or suicides cuz white boys are insufferable psychopaths.
Just black incels dealing with sexual pressure, pls understand
On noes bros it really is over
Every white girl has been raped or diddled by their dad or uncle. White dudes are all pedophiles.
what does that have to do with suicide rates? stop trying to derail the conversation
WHAT THE FUCK POOR BABYY
Fuck off pigfucker
This makes the ytboi seethe
SAINT FLOYD NEVER 4GET
whites are just less likely to be looked at by the police. the police and CPS are too focused on ethnic people to look at what whites are up to.
Typical ytoid pushing his misery on his children
Black people are just more civilized frfr
Counting suicide by cop is raycis!
This but unironically.
Study states that white men are more likely to be sexually attracted to prepubescent children, compared to black or Latino men.
Black offenders were more often classified as more sexually attracted to adults compared with White child sex offenders.
White offenders were more often classified as socially incompetent and sexually fixated on children when compared with Black offenders
SEXUALLY FIXATED ON CHILDREN
Latino offenders were more often classified as higher in social competence as well as sexually attracted to adults than white and Black offenders. 
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0886260516653550
White men are baby rapists.
have racist dad
marry black army veteran
dad seethes and kills himself to make daughter feel bad
daughter doesn't give two shits
LMFAO society truly doesn't care about white male suicides
Numbers are weird no cap
White boys be like
OOGA BOOGA WHERE DA CHILDREN AT
Do white men target babies because their dicks are tiny?
No wonder, only works when you stick around the kids in the first place.
African-americans are more child-friendly, too
you can say the same thing about any race. stop generalizing people, there are good black people that contribute to society.
73049985
anon is still shrieking into the void while the entire thread laughs at white male suicide 
KEK endangered animals can be pretty funny sometimes
Laughing at people dying is incredibly evil and ghoulish.
I hope some day you will grow up and realise that we're all brothers in this struggle called "life".
Look at dem lines, some whack ass shit
black people that contribute to society
Yeah no better way to burst a housing bubble than to devalue property around you
r9kers do that all the time when talking about any race other than white and asian..
Ytbois love raping kids for some ungodly reason
AI be racist frfr
Brb kids daddy gon get clapped
if housing prices go down because of blacks living there thats a problem with the housing market not black people.
why dont you want to live around black people that work every day? they arent criminals or thugs.
white boy kills himself after being cucked by black BVLL
Many such cases.
why dont you want to live around black people
Hell no
where all brothers
Yeah no. Just take a look at the yt anon seething itt. They post demoralizing threads about Asians, Indians, mexicans and blacks. But as soon as you start talking about white male suicide they flip out. R9k has the most fake community on 4chan.
Tragic, such a good boy
if you want to only live around your own race thats a problem with you not blacks
convenient play for one
Mmmmmmmmmmm........ cunnnny.......
blacks and Latinos
fuck 17 year olds
whiteboys
fuck literal babies
Oh no anons.... it's over....
Its a problem with you if you dont want to live in a enriched warzone
kek
whitebois cant even be around a baby for 15 mins without raping it 
yikes. 
who would ever find a baby sexually attractive?
It's no wonder all the diaperfags and "toddlercons" are Whites. They love hurting defenseless creatures for their own sexual gratification
war zone in what way? there are plenty of upper class black communities in america that arent war zones
who would ever find a baby sexually attractive?
White males, obviously.
Listen, imma gangster
Leave the kiddies alone, whiteboy.
New Zealand has fallen bros
upper class black 
Then feel free to move there, leftard.
The less blacks any place has the better to live in it.
I guess they get really tempted when they see them suck on their pacifiers
Jerking off to kids being raped and murdered is just the average whiteboy hobby, huh?
Oh come on! Don't judge a ytboi and his favorite past times. You can't knock it until you try it, right?
White boys and pedophilia. Why is there such a strong correlation?
Whats funny is the real number of white pedophiles is way higher but white pedo judges always let them off.
Maybe it isnt such a bad thing that white suicides are so high
They always get slaps on the wrist for touching children. Non violent and drug offenders get more time than them because of pedo enabling judges
Hmmmm I'm sensing a pattern here
Imagine being such retarded little nogkneeler that you keep a folder full of muh horrible white pedos in an attempt to show off. Just lel
be white boy
become tranny
rape kids
kill yourself 
Why is this so common nowadays?
t. Triggered kidfucker
73050202
he's seething because he realized that nobody cares about white male suicide 
Kek
also no (you) 4 u
Yep. Absolute joke.
not really considering the elites are wanting this. look at the MAiD service in Canada, they want to cull the masses.
The judge should be prosecuted himself
Also notice how the fossils itt are as silent as a mouse. They really can't handle it when you show them reality
Most white guys who kill themselves are probably pedophiles so I dont feel bad for them.
As long as more nogs proceed to kill eachother and then come crying over ebil whitey, all is well in the world.
How is that for 'reality'
146/15
The fuck is going on in here wew lad
What this nigger doesn't understand is that white americans and angloids are to Europeans what Brazilians are to other spics.
humans, by and large, are a cancer on the planet
2edgy4me
WMSfag is back
Reminder that WMSfag has a child gore folder which he thinks is okay because deranged /pol/fags have also child gore folders.
White male suicide is not any kind of funny, yields zero societal benefits, and OP deserves a chronic assbeating for spamming /r9k/ with his diabolical, bestial hatred.
Just another piece of evidence to disprove female/minority victim culture
mocking the most heinous crime of the 21st Century and making its victims feel helpless while preying on their valid fears
You "people" are utterly fucking disgusting and you deserve death.
They account for 70% cause white represent 80% of the population idiot
literally mocking whites being pogrommed from the face of the earth
There's nothing funny about it, you demented kike fuck. It's nothing short of an atrocity.
Thanks WMS anon i luv you, you make my day ruining this masturbatory circle where whites come to pity themselves, watching whitecels copping so hard are imploding my sides
positively reinforcing a known child gore enthusiast (Dead Dumb Neanderthal Scum.png) and pedo (when you find a fleshlight.webm)
Fuck off.
white trash mad as fuck
You are very retarded I hope you know that
"Kill yourself, ytboi. Your women don't want you and everyone wants you dead. Also, White men killing themselves is funny and le good, actually."
"Fuck you, anti-White."
"OOOOH WHITE TRASH MAD AS FUCK"
The fuck kind of answer were you expecting, dipshit?
And you're an evil piece of shit. Your point?
Based. Will do anon! Notice how the seething pedo cries whenever you talk about WMS but never says anything when his friends demoralize asians, blacks, mexicans, and indians. They really can't handle the fact that nobody cares about them.
73053573
still pushing his pedo fetish on me after he was exposed as the childgore spammer
kek! Anons like you only help prove our point. White male suicide will always be hilarious. Continue to seethe and cry
They went silent after you brought up the baby rape stats because they all know its true, white boys are baby fuckers
Yawn. Same old spam from the same demented individual. Idk what's more pathetic, all of the people taking the bait or you sitting on your ass day reposting the same shit ad nauseum.
Zoomers have ruined this place, haven't they? Well done, broccoli heads.
"No YOU'RE the childgore spammer!"
Notice the lack of a (You) here, genius. You tried this serpentine tactic and it didn't work. Try again, you fucking snake.
"Dead Dumb Neanderthal Scum.png"
"White male suicide will always be hilarious."
It is not hilarious nor will it ever be. Someone needs to beat some respect into you.
Here's my actual post from that thread, replying WMSfag posting a picture of some white kid (like, a young child) who was fatally shot. The cunt even gave it the filename "Holy Kek.png" because children being murdered in cold blood is just a hoot and a holler to this actual demon.
You will hang, pedophile.
90% of those who died by suicide had a diagnosable mental health condition
nigga what? how is wanting to off yourself ever *not* a mental health condition? what does "diagnosable" even mean here? they arent saying 90% were diagnosed, but rather "diagnosable", but how the hell do you assess that after the fact? this is such fucking typical psychobabble. make it make sense.
