Meanwhile there are people like me who never had any physical contact with the opposite sex. Sometimes it takes a while to realize how over it is.
this is why i cant take any woman seriously when they talk. their mouths are literally just there for sexual pleasure as cum holes.
could any reasonable person ever take the noises of a cum hole seriously? obviously not.
What does the women get out of this?
women derive life satisfaction from being dirty turdwhores for abusechad
That's how I feel about autistic males, except that their mouths don't even have sexual value.
My gf will probably never succ me like that. Sad
female privilege, you know a guy would be refused
Same thing the guy gets out of it: sexual gratification + thrill of doing something inappropriate and potentially getting caught.
gonna blow your mind with this one but some people enjoy making other people orgasm
I am not one of them, every time a girl cums with me I feel disappointed, mainly because they fucking go to sleep, and leave me hanging stiff and stressed out
blowjobs feel so good anons.
even if you have to pay for it you should experience it at least once. the softness and warmth of a girl's mouth is unbelievable, it feels better than pussy sometimes. especially in a dominant position like that, where she's on her knees in total submission. or when you're on you're just lying back holding her hair up. the knowledge that this girl is totally devoted to your pleasure right now, she's completely focused on making you feel good in that moment.
the good news is a lot of girls will give you a blowjob without fucking you because they don't count it as sex.
Where is the rest? I need to see oregano
Women enjoy being submissive to men, there's a lot of cope out there these days trying to pretend that a blowjob isn't one of the most submissive acts you can do but ultimately it's pretty obvious.
Blow jobs with a small chance of being caught are unironically far better than sex
Women and subs get brain orgasms from complete surrender- any crazy thing could happen and that uncertainty is thrilling, like a roller coaster that gets built as you ride it. Imagine what that would be like- just a passive passenger on a thrill ride of unknown possibilities and danger. She is just there helpless at the mercy of that man and his cock. She's experiencing total freedom to experience sexual abandon
I hope it stays this way for the rest of your life. For the sake of women
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT
This. I hate being a submissive man. I wish I was dominant
Ur ancestors were peasant slaves so thats why
same here OP
same here
having a really bad night today
it really does get worse with age
the fact that you cant do anything to fill the hole, where things you should have experienced way earlier, is even worse
you know what is even worse OP?
a fucking double NTR doujin got to me today
this was my fucking straw that broke for tonight
and the fact that it was actually a good doujin is even worse
how so? doesnt looks like shes orgasming in the webm, so if anything she would probably just get aroused. i dont think just being aroused without being able to release the pressure in your system is a good thing
how easy is it to (get and) stay hard during one? for instance the video in ops post, the guy doesnt get to see the girl naked, theres nothing arousing for him at that time other than the softness and warmth of the girls mouth but is that really enough
