how do i cope with the fact that there are people dying and starving to death while i play video games all day?
Fuck off. I have real problems, I spent all week building a minecraft house just to realize that the proportions were off. Now I have to waste another week deconstructing and rebuilding it.
Give some of your money to charity or give all your money and possessions to charity and live like them. Debt free and poor. Possibly better chance to get into heaven that way
How do u cope that u fucking exist and fucking die . Like does no one find this weird ?
i dont believe in heaven or hell. people only get 1 chance at life and they are forced to spend it starving to death then they stop existing
Make due with what you have its true you can only do so much but if you find others who are willing to do what they can change is possible
pic
people
You're funny OP
Just like you and I, third worlders are responsible for their own fucking problems. The fact that they choose to do nothing and allow corruption and crime to continue, the fact that they waste their abundant resources and live in abject squalor, speaks volumes about their pathetic and worthless cultures, and possibly even their racial character.
how do i cope
Just remind yourself that almost all of those people are black.
live in dessert 
no gardening tools
no water
just sand and some shriveled up twigs everywhere
migrate to nearest city
everyone is living in squalor and the ruthless authoritarian government will unlease armed police to bomb and kill everyone who tries to rise up against corruption
I don't have divine powers so why should I worry about millions of people I will never meet?
Funny, I feel the same way about worthless, whining incels who beg for others to recognize their sad little problems while completely ignoring the problems of others. You'll never meet an incel with a moral position that does not directly benefit him in some way.
live in dessert
sounds like paradise, they should stop whining
Which shows that even your boogyman incel is acting smarter than you
