Why can't we have this anymore? Why can't men be men and women be women? What happened to society?
We're just animals. Who gives a shit.
Do animals get surgeries to transition?
Because it's corny and gay. People are seduced by more wicked things.
Which is why all gen z is mentally ill.
No but they have gay sex and pretend to be female pretty often.
Seriously nature is gay as fuck. Seriously trees, flowers , elephants, snakes , dogs, monkeys, seahorses etc
Humans despite their natural predisposition to harems and homosexuality made it past that with non violent respect to property, something animals can't do. But that's gone, and with it heterosexuality, monogamy, and whiteness.
If you actually went to parties rather than staying in your basement you'd find that most men are men and most women are women.
Gay acceptance happened to society.
This still happens in frat parties, only they're not wearing douchey suits or having retarded hairstyles
For me, it's dorky #1.
Jews. But it's a hard pill to swallow.
Niggers. Jews. Communists. But above all - weak white men. If a mad dog bites your wife then it's your fault
outside the venue in this picture there are 6 incels drinking themselves to near death (statistically)
- Social media that leads people to have to compete for attention with every single other person on earth, instead of only those in their village or town
- porn and porn addiction has uttlery fucked men's standards and led them to consider what used to be a pretty woman as ugly, and fucked women by making them think being a whore is a good thing
- the government has become daddy. it used to be a man brought in money or resources, and a woman needed a man for access to that money/resources to survive and build a family with him. Today, men still work hard, but now the government steals that money (taxes) and hands it to the women. Men no longer have a reason to work, and women no longer a reason to be with a man.
- technology made it so no one is ever bored and overstimulation is the norm. what would have been considered a "busy day" for a person merely 200 years ago would be considered brainmeltingly boring by anyone today. this means people are less likely to be bored and fill that time with things like developing a skill. Everyone is also more likely to be depressed despite ostensibly having more fun, because overstimulation leads to burn-out. If you're used to a high level of stimulation, everything in life will either seem average at best, or depressingly empty at worst.
- thanks to technology, military technology and sociological changes, the rich have never had this much power over this many people. A king could rule over his country, but today's rich are working together to lower the QoL of billions to open up resources to steal, largely under the guise of climate change and social justice activism, in a way that is more coordinated than ever before. They want you to keep working as hard as your ancestors but to expect far less in return for it - and seem to be succeeding at doing so. You cannot vote them out either because they own all your politicians.
Number 6 and it's not even close.
men and women both got uglier in america because of the zogslop diet
men have an adaptive sexuality, women don't
women want hot men, men want someone that's about even to them in looks, or even slightly less
about does it
Should we return to monkey?
It would be fine just to go 100 years back in some ways. It's hard to say whether that's even possible though.
This is cherrypicking, you just found an old photo that happened to have a bunch of chads/chadlites and stacies/stacylites and compared it to gen z as a whole
you want to be among white people , go to boston. leave the ghetto mixed spaces.
Looks boring as shit honestly
this means people are less likely to be bored and fill that time with things like developing a skill.
That's a good thing?
What happened to society?
We're living in the timeline where the bad guys won.
That was a rose tinted fantasy land created by the shell-shocked survivors of World War II
im poor and cant really afford pretty dresses
You should try finding out what life was actually like back then.
Man that sucks. Maybe get a bf. I buy my gf clothes all the time.
what life was actually like back then
You mean objectively better in every single way?
Every dude in the 50s had the same 3 haircuts
Cringe.
Because we lazy and we want to netflix and chill in our pj's.
I'm glad I don't have to put in that much effort on a daily basis.
When ever I see pictures like this, I get this immense feeling of disgust. Not toward the people or the situation or the era pictured, but toward the modern world and the people in it. I can't believe there are actually people in the world who wouldn't want to live in the 1950's if given the chance.
Learn to sew you lazy whore
In my experience it because it takes too long for young people to get financially stable. If you are young and make decent money you will have that pic if you want it.
Women say they want independence but happily get with the guy that pays for their shopping.
Here you go anon, fixed it for you.
Is anyone stopping you from being cis?
It's a total fuking mystery we will never know why
The alternative was his grandson being a closeted fag extremely unhappy? Yeah it was worth it
Please re-read that retard. People are spending all day watching tiktok, frying their brains so anything longer than a minute triggers their self imposed ADD. In the past people had time to kill so they'd learn woodworking, go fishing, learn to cook etc. Developing actual useful skills instead of spending hours watching useless shit on netflix
How much you wanna bet you could go back 100 years and find bitter grim guys just like you, claiming the world was a mere shadow if its former glory? 
You are just historically ignorant, that's all
For who, exactly? White rich straight men? Perhaps. Everyone else? No hell no
Developing actual useful skills instead of spending hours
Shitposting on 4chan?
Seems like just because you can't do something of your life, you would rather blame the times before addressing your issues
I go fishing, hunting, do bushcraft, have lived abroad in 4 different countries, found a woman and gotten married. The shitposting is just a guilty pleasure from the days I was depressed which coincidentally disappeared once I threw off all social media and useless screen time for more productive things.
Surely someone must know, given all the information we have access to on the net.
cums his drawers twice a day for 15 years from the day he turned 12
looks back at 60s men
looks at cumstained clothing in the mirror
"i'm literally the guy from mad men"
*argues about niggers online for 12 hours*
are animals cuckolds?
Why can't we have this anymore? Why can't men be men and women be women? What happened to society?
Why can't we have this anymore?
go fishing, hunting, do bushcraft, have lived abroad in 4 different countries, found a woman and gotten married.
You do all of that, and you're still here shitposting on /r9k/ of all places, lmao
Imagine going 88 mph here and fucking your great grandma. And picking up a sports stats book
men be men
ok, then work 100 hour weeks instead of wanking for the 300th time this year
disappeared once I threw off all social media and useless screen time
Useless screen time
He said while he posted on anonymous chans
sew
fabric and a sewing machine are just as expensive you retard
Not that guy but I'm a middle aged balding billionaire and I post here for shits and gigs. Lmao
I'm actually the son of a A list Hollywood celebrity, shitposting on the incel board is my favorite hobby lol
My dad's the president of the galaxy. I'm here to shit post and for the occasional fembot tits
Why can't we have this anymore?
We literally do they just wear different clothes
Why can't men be men and women be women? 
They are
If you're referring to trannies then 1) society started accepting degenerate men thus MtFs and 2) you spent the past 10,000+ years bullying women into self-hatred to the point they desire to mutilate themselves just to escape the female condition thus FtMs 
What happened to society?
What you are seeing is the current version of the same cycles and phenomena that have existed for all of human history. This time it's just smartphones and vaping rather than opium or cults
oh to stare into the great beyond with dreamy eyes with number 4 by my side
She's got that look worth dying for.
this
if he fought for his grandson to be alive, and a big part of life is making your own choices, then what exactly is he complaining about
she must not be too skanky
"mother and son share intimate hanky panky"
If your hammer makes nailing a board simple, are you dependent on hammers?
Are you dependent on the hammer you're using. when you're surrounded by hammers?
Sorry bud, but it's CHAD only now. This picture is problematic!
If you're an outcast now, you'd have been an outcast then too.
This meme is bs since white men are the ones dating out. And largely with hispanic women. You faggots watch too much blacked.
A lot, since you lack any argument, meaning it's most likely true.
I thought you had a point when I first replied, but now I see you as an idiot.
Im a huge dicked demigod demiurge (royal they/them) and I post here because I am lonely (I created the Universe just for this board to exist by the way, and you all are secretly gay inside)
Jewish fag
I have nobody to do woodwork, fish, or cook for. They're useless skills for me.
Because people don't dress like that for casual parties retard
If you touched grass and left your basement you'll see that parties still exist.
That looks like my personal hell 2bh
Too little space and too many forced interactions
I haven't seen anyone around me throw a party in years.
