Why do foids make such a big deal about rape, when physically its exactly the same as the regular sex they have all the time?
Imagine being force fed goyslop, same thing.
It's not exactly the same. If the rapist did foreplay then it wouldn't be so bad
Sex is the only bargaining chip a woman has in this life, whether she admits it to herself or not. Women employ the leverage of sex to socialise, to get promoted, they manipulate men by dressing provocatively and acting flirty. Consciously, they justify it as outsmarting dumb men with their superior female wit but really every advancement a woman makes it life stems from her snatch. When a man rapes a woman, he peruses the one product that gives her value, FOR FREE. Imagine the humiliation a woman feels when a man gets her moist holes and he didnt even work for it! He didnt even buy her drinks and listen to her prattle for 3 hours?! 
Imagine if a big fat nigger broke into your home, slammed his greasy fat ass on your bed, took a nap, drank your milk, and left. How stupid would you feel? Thats how women feel after rape.
Imagine if a big fat nigger broke into your home, slammed his greasy fat ass on your bed, took a nap, drank your milk, and left.
Fucking kek
Why do moids make a big deal about being robbed, when they spend money on crap all
What is being stolen from a woman with rape?
women logic
Why did we allow them to vote again?
73043829
her only leverage in life. think about it.. if every male began to rape how would females survive? they would
no hahahahaha they are not physically capable of working. they would all die out and as a result our species would die. that is the reason why so many males are programmed to not rape women by birth
Most of them don't and aren't obsessed with it; it's a vocal minority.
This was actually referenced in one of my favorite rapey Japanese teenage girl smut romance stories.
The uke at one point actually contemplates becoming a prostitute, being angry with the rapechad and points out that due to constantly being raped by the latter anyway it probably won't be so bad.
The rapechad then points out that the clients will be dirty old geezers, not young and hot like he is, and that they won't spend any time on foreplay while raping like he always does and then of course proceeds to rape the uke again.
This is why I like this kind of stuff. These rape scenes are extremely unrealistic and super sensual and sexy. It's hilarious how much these rapey love interests focus on the pleasure of the pereson whom they're raping rather than their own.
Because those rapists are probably ugly and autistic.
The problem is that the feelings of foids are considered during such an event at all. Sometimes, a nigga just gotta nut, you know? No worse than paying your taxes or getting the wrong item from Amazon, really.
Lmfao, the best part of this is that it is a crotch-gushing fantasy for at least 90 percent of the female population; just replace a handful of percentage points with whites or Mexicans or whatever instead of a fat milk-drinking nigger. There's a literally not a single female that doesn't crave getting pinned and ass-battered by some strange, primal man.
is that why some teen girl got all pissy when I grabbed her tit once? HAHAHAHAHA her little guilt trips killed the relationship. what a dumb bitch, but of course she was insecure because her breast meat was actually flabby! not what I would expect while I was out perusing! what an idiot! now she is a lesbian for niggers and dyed her hair red. yikes she could have just had sex
Rape is theft. They lose their value when they are raped.
one time I grabbed a sluts ass in yoga pants at a gass station. she attacked me. imagine if I raped her? wow I hope she had a severe mental breakdown 
I don't think so. they could just turn their pussy out and up their moans and wannabe pornstar antics and get the attention to keep on coming
Man youre a fucking idiot. Making all these random stupid connections. Getting fucked is getting fucked, end of story. There is no "sex" when it comes to females aka someone who is getting fucked, there is only getting fucked. That's just some lie incels tell themselves, that sex is passionate or some shit, it's always about fucking her. A woman never thinks "i wanma have sex with him" that's a myth. What she actually thinks is "I wanna get fucked by him, bad". I remember I once had to explain to a jehovas witness after we went deep into an argument, why getting raped is arguably way worse than getting beated up, even if it's less physically painful, he was dumbfounded at the idea
but broken bones!! scars, bruises, pain!!! being raped is nothing compared to that!!!
Yeah faggot but someone fucking you? that shit is irrepairable, that's a fucking dick going inside you without your consent. Even as a woman getting raped, you're made out as a no-consent needed fleshlight, that shit gotta be scarring
bro thinks he owned that jehova
Imagine if a big fat nigger
cant go 3 seconds without mentioning black men. a thread about sex..... and black men get mentioned
