We create a incel subreddit but we identify as trans women who cant get women 
:)
Anyone up for the task
Actually not a bad idea. Give it a go. Don't call it "transcels" or include "cel" in the name of it at all though.
I miss /r/braincels.
Those already exist, lesbian subreddits are basically trannies complaining they can't get laid
But we are real incels though lol
How about something like translonely?
Lets get a good name for our group
TransLonelyHearts
LoveWithoutBounds
TransConnections
TogetherAsTrans
TransCuddleBuddies
LonelyButNotAlone
TransLoveSupport
InclusiveLoveSpace
TransFamilyLove
LoveKnowsNoLabels
chatgpt's ideas
I think this is it any anons wanna offer a better name
Why is it a good idea?
I don't understand what the goal of this is. Are you trying to get laid by pretending to be trans?
Sounds fun, but I imagine it will be sniffed out and banned quick fast in a heartbeat.
Incel subreddits were good. It's sad that reddit purged them all. Maybe it'll be different with a trans one since it would be considered transphobic to ban it.
That sounds fucking retarded and cowardly. Your opening picture is also ugly and stupid. Please don't post again until you develop a bit of taste and wit. There are already too many retarded faggot zoomers here.
lets do it. think its a good idea.
We just have to keep up the larp up so good to the point that criticizing us is transphobia 
No we are just trying to create a incel community where we can feel like we belong
Oh, I get it now. Thanks. Never used reddit so I didn't know about that problem.
I know im retarded :( if I was I wouldnt be a incel loser. 
U think this is best name 
Good girls
You should also go on estrogen for a bit so it'll look even more realistic to the viewers
I know, honey, it's okay. I'm definitely not better than you.
If you're posting on this board specifically, you're probably slightly retarded anyway, including me. I'm happy you're here amongst this utter flood of normiefaggots.
Heartwarming. I love you all trans aspies
what if the reddit jannies want proof you're trans? it won't be so easy to just put trans in the name and expect nobody to catch on
r/lonelytransbians
ruin trans shit by destroying hrt instead that actually has merit and will get shit done. Breivik out some pharma that makes the damn shit, just like Breichad with the airport.
we need a name thats is funny for some secret reason like an inside joke but that would be perceived as normal or wholesom to outsiders. also in order to keep the actual trannies out it would be funny to make it a cross themed subreddit like lonely trans bronies. that way ppl would wanna make fun of it for being incel and brony but wont since trans is in the equation
You're just going to get actual trans bronies
are they even trying?
yeah its gotta be something trans are not normally into like motorcycles hahah wouldnt it be funny if it was a incel trans biker gang larp? kek
that's actually a very normal interest for trans women. you should try to meet more people.
with the whole biker gang aesthetic and lifestyle and neo nazi enviroment? prove it
yes, and they join violence gangs and inject marijuanas, Marge
Make a tranny suicide cult and accelerate the process that we already know always happens. Maximum accelerationism. Make a tranny subreddit about nihilism, antinatalism and shit like that with well developed arguments about killing yourself, doing hardcore drugs like heroin, etc.
they nuked r/promortalism
nah i think they mostly spend the day on tiktok not having a vagina lmao
there is trannies ITT i saw this thread linked in /lgbshit/ eyes peeled. Maybe /r9k/ should take over /lgbshit/ we got the numbers just saying.
/lgbt/ is a bigger board though
fuck it lets raid /lgbt/!
bigger in suicide rates
yes
yeah i knew they were pissed and replied to me because it was actually a good and damaging idea KEK
i wonder if they are incels or not lmao
all trannies are still incels if you dont count gay sex as losing your v-card. its extremely rare that a real woman gives them the time of day because they are weird as fuck and beyond the levels of mentally ill you know of. This can be exploited though. I want tranny sacrifices their souls are dogshit and mean nothing to me. Tranny genocide is good.
i think r/translonely is a perfect idea since its simple enough and of course doesnt have cel or anything and it just sounds reddit
Unless u have the answer to leave inceldom then leave me be
dont post the name here so it feels more organic when the subreddit pops out make a secret group with trust worthy people to mod the sub
No. You came from reddit and ruined my board, so I will spend the rest of time making your /r9k/ experience a little less fun, a little less cozy, a little less relatable. If you don't like it, I recommend trooning out for real and sucking dick so you can get a job as a reddit admin, bring /r/braincels back so that you can all leave my board.
any idea that makes redditors kill themsleves especially those that already suicide ideate often is a good idea though, maybe OP is getting somewhere. I hope he is fruitful you like it or not. The more trannies die the better my days get I legit celebrate when one of them kills themselves everytime.
I feel the same way about worthless incels and nazi retards. Always nice to meet someone else who Shepards lost souls from the other side. Also, OP's plan is like kindergarden-tier bullshit and incels simply don't have the discipline to keep it up. They have to seethe about chad and trannies at some point, and when they do, the jig is up. So it's a bad plan and you're retarded and probably at least a casual nazi for buying into it.
Dont do this please youll only hurt us in the process. You will just give more fuel for TERFS to add to their fires and give them confirmation biases.
Kill yourself you fucking faggot scum
