anyone up for some early vrchatting? its free on steam and you dont need a vr headset or microphone to play
bit too early but i'll jump on in a few hours if it's still up
sure, il keep the thread up
i'm down where's the invite 
floofy#7499
I am also up to play.
Who is hosting? Where is the invite link?
i will post a link in 45 minutes or so, i have to go do something and il be back after
maplestory#5785
inv me
you can join using this link https://vrch.at/q7zfgguv
or by adding "Angel 200"
my bad, this is the correct link https://vrch.at/2ppq9qnb
im gonna go eat dinner and will post another link in 40 mins or so
we blay vrchatt
new link here https://vrch.at/9znhnn9q
i wanna play
Join us then! :D
I want to chill with You fine Fags what server name or server code
We're in the same place.
Okay what is server name
you can join here >>73043614
You have to log into vrchat and open vrc. Then invite or whatever.
Link doesn't work name off world please or usher name please
its a private instance, you cant ffd it like that
just add "Angel 200" ingame or post your username
Neetfrog4b04 ad me
this is a pc only world, i can invite you later if we move to a cross platform world
we might move to one soon
Yo angel make it also available to VR please 
I can't join with my VR
pc is also vr, but you have occulus
i am usin an index
Do that please it's fair too all frens off R9K that way this sucks I was looking for to meet You bots and talk and chill 
Can't wait too long or else the VR is Empty
I use meta qeust 2
we are moving to an occulus world, will post the link soon
That was a great erp session, I'll be sure to join next time! :D
https://vrch.at/2d748m76
use that link to join
bumop fd s s f
im heading off for the night, thanks to everyone for joining and remember to keep an eye for tomorrow's thread
Today was very fun dudes.
I`ll see you guys on tomorrow meeting!
This game still exists?
I use to play a couple years ago but stopped because of all the crashers/modders who fucking ruined the game.
Mods get you banned now, they added anti cheat
I have like 300 hours and only got crashed once even tho i always have the shield off. If you are worried about crashers just set your shield level to prevent that
