there would be no incels if islam was the biggest religion worldwide
WEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL, I don't mean to bust your bubble but, 
You aren't going to a get a virgin waifu unless she is your first or second cousin or somewhat related like by tribe or subtribe or something.
My mom tried to get me with my cousin but she already had a kid out of wedlock and old anon don't want a car unless it's new.
3ven my unrelated mom and dad got together by socializing. It's not much different from how the west does it tbqhwyf.
You're wrong. Guys at the top get multiple wives = guys at the bottom get one. If islam didn't have polygamy, you'd be mostly right, though.
*none (not one)
Islam has strict limits on how many wifes they have and I doubt islamic countries have the degenerate hookup culture that we have in the west so chads wouldn't be able to have rotations like they do here. 
there may still be incels but there wouldn't be nearly as many as there are now.
it's getting there 
Europe will be Islamic soon, it doesn't take gradual conversion
Muslims aren't incels so they have many children and once they become like 20% of the pop, they launch insurgencies and gradually because they are actively preaching and atheists are not, they become the majority, gain state power and institute Islam as the state religion.
Europeans already abandoned their ancestral religions for an abrahamic one before, they will happily do it again.
My mom tried to get me with my cousin
Based mom
I doubt islamic countries have the degenerate hookup culture that we have in the west
t.has never been in a muslim country
Islam cannot work in peace.
there would be no incels if....
Not exactly, since you need to accept that Islam allows 4 wives per man at any given time, basically allowing female hypergamy up to 80:20 limit.
I already know 80:20 is rather much less severe than our current state tending to 99.99:0.01
Also this anon >>73047426 is right.
I can bet you're an amerimutt faggot who has never actually been to Europe.
a muslim country
There is none, I mean practically there is none, except if you go to Afghanistan or Indonesia, or some shit.
Arab country or of some other ethnicity, yes. Muslim, no. There is none.
Please shut it with this retarded take. Every shit hole in north africa (except tunsia) is a muslim shit hole where bunch of corrupt muslim leaders (like they always were) take advantage of the retarded muslim majority. The Islamic golden age was nothing more than Persians and few arab elites studying mathematics and copying ancient Greek works. The elite arabs closet in relation to Muhammad got all the war bounty and were afraid a decentralized power split will emerge so they created laws that forbid them from buying lands and from living outside of Mecca and meddina. Some of them found loopholes around it and started exchanging lands from outsiders and build their own spheres of influence. 
My retarded berber ancestors were literally second class war slaves who would risk everything in jihad just so that some arab fuckers from middle east can become a wali or regional ruler. 
Even the niggers couldn't stand "calipahte" rule and rebelled with a perisan leader to fight arab rule . It's called the zenj rebellion. 
Those were the Islamic golden ages. So let's not pretend "msulim countries" are some distant utopian fairy tale of perfection.
