Thinking about my bf gives me the strength to get through the day. He makes me so happy. It's so magical to have someone you know that cares about you. I want to spend the rest of my life with him.
I hope you both die of some fresh lab-produced variant of HIV. I hate you, I hate tripfags, and I hate brown people.
I'm happy for you, anon. ignore all the other fags who say otherwise
You're my love forever! &lt;3
I can't wait to see you in diapies at your abuela's place.
She's half-mexican/half-white and doesn't go outside so she looks completely white, plus she has blue eyes. Her mexican parent also has blue eyes somehow lol. She's definitely not brown even if you're a /pol/tard who doesn't accept her as a pure aryan.
My bf
Stopped reading.
Go away faggot!
You'll never be a real woman + you're retarded
Thread hidden
She's a cute girl, dough.
She's also very smart, dough.
i dont really hate brown people im just sick of any and all faggots shitting on whites while they live in the frameworks of my genetic ancestors and speak a fucking language derived from white people
Shitting on white people is bad, I agree.
Yes yes, half-mexican, half-white, half-dragon "girl"
The fact your "gf" disappears when you take your schizo meds should have been enough of a hint for you.
if I could get a half-dragon gf, I'd stop taking my medication too
She is 0% dragon lol.
She's 0% everything, because she's not real.
She is real. We posted our right hands on /r9k/.
Anon, did you murder a prostitute and chopped her hand off as a souvenir?
I'm not angry, just curious.
His "girlfriend" is an actual tranny. That parts not a meme. Anon is doing his best to trick himself into believing this himself. He's a delusional prison gay weeaboo (like me). 
Ow I'm thinking about jacking off to bocchi
Her hand is very much alive in the pic.
She's a cute girl. And being "prison gay" is just memeshit.
Which form of bocchi?
She's a man that cosplays as a girl for you. Get the fuck over yourself. You're a faggot whether you like it or not. Denying it and making excuses just makes you an even bigger faggot. Girls don't come out of the womb with a penis, sorry. You're gay.
I know I'm bisexual and am fine with that, but she also is a cute girl, dough.
He's a little slow, don't even bother. Ignoring him all together is what gets under his skin the most, he's a narcissist
anons still falling for this bait
I'm bisexual too and I hate that I'm even an ounce gay and feel constant disgust with myself
he's a narcissist
Evidence: never to arrive
It's not bait. Our love is real!
Why do you think that is? Are you just generally homophobic?
Thinking about rubbing my blood on your carpet gives me the strength to get through the day. It makes me so happy. It is so magical to have no one care about you and know no one cares about you. I want to spend the rest of my life staining your carpet.
Aw. I think I've exchanged some words with you before. If you really do have love then hold on to it. Don't take it for granted. Let it grow and worry more about nurturing the seed than showing off the flower it will become. Good luck friend.
is this retard-kun and tranny-san?
Lol mixing up the names. She's not a retard. She's smart and very cute desu ne.
Evidence: never to arrive
Narcissist or not, you do not come across as a warm or caring person or anything even remotely close. Your general demeanor is cold, slimy, and off-putting with a bit of deliberately being obnoxious to get under people's skin mixed in. Your anime girls are curated to seem smug and irritating, you never concede to a single point that anyone ever raises, you seem completely indifferent to the feelings and opinions of others. There is nothing even remotely likable about you and every single quality you possess is repelling.
they ignored my excellent cutting post. 
Good critique of him though this made me giggle.
Lol what did I do that made you write such a scathing review of me? I thought it was patently obvious that I love seeing seething retarded normalfags replying to my posts. If you have any arguments against my posts, I'd love to see them, dough.
I don't understand what motivates you, really. It makes sense to hate "normalfags" if you are or used to be lonely and depressed, but you seem too empty and unemotional for that.
Most of the people you anger are robots though. Normalfags seem to ignore you for the most part or not enter your threads at all.
I don't hate normalfags. I love arguing in general, but when there is a purpose to defending someone or a group of people who is being treated unfairly in someway, then I'm motivated more towards that, and these arguments in general are quite easy, and most people's defenses of their positions are incredibly flimsy and easy to push over. I understand feeling unloveable to a degree, but not the same degree that incels feel it, and I think I understand hating normalfags LARPing as incels, which is very common here, and the hatred would be that much more if you're actually an incel.
I am very emotional and not empty at all, but obviously in my posts where I'm arguing like 20v1 or 1v1 with someone who clearly hates me, there is a front so I don't feel anything when people try to belittle me in 500 different ways.
You've never seen me argue like as like 80 posts out of a 500 reply thread, then. They're not threads I make most of the time.
hello there, I happen to be a semi tranny myself
I love arguing in general
Why?
the guy lives online
he's a social retard that spends hours arguing online and chases trannies through the internet until he got one
at this point i pity him
It's fun, and I basically always win.
I go to uni lol.
Fuck you and your bf.
is it true retard-kuns grandparents are transphobic and he stops pretending to be a woman around them?
Awe tranny-san and retard-kun thank you for making me vomit and help me loose weight !
yes im aware that you go to uni
what good is it if you just go back to a screen as soon as its done though
It's fun, and I basically always win.
Eh, yeah, maybe you're a narc after all. Or at least a conceited person with an inexplicable ego. You don't seem particularly intelligent and you only "win" inside your own mind because you're so arrogant that you believe everything you say is perfect and that anyone who goes against you must be wrong. You're young and I hope you become a better person one day; you are not a good one right now.
always win
If you never think you are wrong, yes you will always win. The secret of narcissists worldwide. 
Why do you keep ignoring me, do I really have to cut again for you to reply
I've seen anons get the upperhand on you more often than not though, whenever I come across your posts or happen to enter a thread where you're in
Last night he was seething over being called out on spelling mistakes after saying he has a high IQ lol his ego couldn't handle it seemed like
No.
I don't live online is the thing. I spend lots of time with my family too.
If you don't think I'm smart then I highly doubt you're smart at all lol. Do you have any real arguments you want to do or is it just armchair psychology/ad-homs? Lol.
What do you want me to respond to? Also you get more flies with honey than with vinegar.
anons get the upperhand on you
You might see this if you're blinded by hatred.
If you dont think I am smart I doubt you are smart
holy shit.
Why bother, you'd just deflect any real arguments as you always, narc.
Doesn't that mean that retard-kun doesn't pass ?
Either lack of IQ or hate-fueled delusions. Either one works lol.
Can you give an example of that happening? If I did, I can revisit the topic here now.
No, lol.
I'm indifferent to you for the most part. I do think you have an undeserved ego though. And driving that anon to cut himself and still pushing him afterwards for a while wasn't cool. As for the upperhand thing, I'm just calling it as I have seen it. Last night you went on forever for something that could have ended with a simple "You're right, my mistake." and would have probably made you the bigger person from the start.
It's one of those discord sponsored tranny threads supposed to make you feel bad.
And their suicide rate is STILL higher than whatever the rate is for robots.
Retard-san never passed
The bloke has man hands and a manly voice
We call him Retard-san and not Retard-chan for a reason
Tranny-kun is gay so I guess he's into that kind of thing or at least doesn't mind it
Boymoding does denote a lack of passing. My cis sister could never convince people she's a male.
trannies never pass, that is an axiom. perhaps 1 in 20 may pass for a brief period of time, but even then the man inside comes out with age, see hunter Schafer
pushing him afterwards for a while
Meaning?
"You're right, my mistake."
Lol what? If someone just said "you spelled hanakah wrong", then I wouldn't have even replied. That's obviously not what happened, though.
You continued to mess with his threads and posts or invalidate his vents. Even after telling to stop several times. I don't know man, something about that just doesn't sit well with me. Personally. 
Was it not your mistake then? You wouldn't admit to it and just jumped to "You probably make spelling mistakes too! I'm so smart and high IQ that I won't waste mental energy to attempt to spell things correctly." I'm paraphrasing here of course. 
Also you spelled Hanukah wrong again.
I will never stop making posts calling out normalfags just because someone on 4chan asks me to stop. If you're extremely mentally ill, I might stop with you, but not because you tell me to stop. Also, the point is I don't give a shit if I mispell one word. Nobody does at all. It was just a really pathetic attempt at an own, and implying someone is dumb because they mispell one word is very dumb in itself.
reminder tranny kun is overweight, sweaty and gets nervous around waiters. bottom of the barrel male that can only get another male tranny
I'm not trans lol, and the only thing there that's true is I'm sweaty when warmed up like most people.
I have to sleep so I can't argue anymore unless you add me rina#7688
Why don't we switch around the names of retard-kun and tranny-san, it would make much more sense.
Retard-kun is a retard pretending to be smart and tranny-kun is, well, a tranny.
I understand where you're coming from but when someone is claiming to hurt themselves over your posts then why interact with that person at all after the fact? Entertaining them will only fuel them further.
Those are just my thoughts on the matter, what's happened already happened. You're free to do as you please of course but take into consideration that some actions have consequences. It's not a big secret that /r9k/ is known to attract the mentally unwell.
If you didn't give a shit you wouldn't have argued with the anons over it for who knows how long. Pathetic attempt at what? You did misspell the word. It happens, no big deel. Look, I just misspelled the word deal, and now I'll move on from it. If you call me out on it, I'll say thanks for the heads up and move on. What I'm getting at is that some battles aren't worth fighting over.
Have a good one.
nah their names are established at this point
also retard-san is so fucking retarded and stupid it's not even funny, somehow he beats tranny-kun in the category
i hope to make a girl feel like that one day
How is she retarded? I don't know because she never says anything of substance. Getting her to be interesting is like pulling teeth.
see that's the thing
when retard-san first debuted she would try to do the same shit tranny-kun does and argue with people since retard-san also claimed to be a high iq intellectual
the thing is that she would keep losing the arguments easily and getting btfo to hell and back. so much so that tranny-kun would have to step in her place because goddamn it was like shoving an unsuspecting tard down the stairs when you would argue with retard-san
so that's how he got the name retard-san in the first place
im pretty sure this is why retard-san doesn't say anything of substance anymore or tranny-kun told him privately that he'll handle it. we already know that tranny-kun dm's him to make a lovey dovey post about him on (pathetic isn't it? it doesnt even come from the heart) so it wouldn't surprise me
Wait so you're telling me that Tranny-kun REQUESTS that Retard-san make these type of posts and threads about him? WTF. If that isn't narcissist then I don't know what is LMAO
Well they just like to pretend to help people. But they just get kick out of people being tormented by these post. Multiple people even requested them to stop but they never do
i don't think many people are jealous of a fat shy beta dating a nonpassing tranny
Desuarchive search is down so I will summarize the lore for the latecomers. OP is Retard san, an AMAB mtf boymoder described as a cute girl with long beautiful hair and deep knowledge of WW2. She makes threads sharing the romantic story of how she met her soul mate, Tranny kun, on r9k in order to give hope to other true robots like herself.
Tranny kun is a bisexual chaseoid who crusades on behalf of true robots, defending their board from normalfags despite never claiming the robot identity for himself. He regularly wins 20v1 arguments against pol chuds which is why they invented the meme about him crumbling under scrutiny. 
Some have argued that their relationship is performative or unhealthy due to Tranny kun regularly prompting Retard san to make these threads about him or because he invalidates her lived experience as a lonely trubot but that criticism most likely stems from jealousy as Tranny kun has humblebragged about Retard san planning to dress as a maid and wear black lingerie for him when they meet at Retard san's grandparents for the next chapter of their love story. He strenuously denies any suggestion that Retard san's visit to his parents caused any shock or embarrassment and no diapers were found by his mother afterwards.
There is some confusion over whether Retard san will be presenting as male during the visit to Mexico as she has admitted she is not yet out to her grandparents and they are traditional Catholics. This will present no obstacles to their love because Tranny kun is bisexual. There is also some debate over when Retard san started self administration of HRT. The competing theories are that she is 23 and has been treating herself since age 19 or that she is 26 and began transitioning at age 22. It is generally agreed that she has had no surgeries so her feminine penis is intact.
/r9k/ isn't your personal blog, you fucking normie
Thinking about Saint Iris gives me the strength to get through the day. She makes me so happy. It's so magical to have someone you know that cares about robots. I want to spend the rest of my life worshipping her.
what about the idea it is just one troll doing a parody to trigger chuds?
Bumping in appreciation of the love between the king and queen of r9k. retard san is unmatched in high activity threads and trannny kun has btfod more incels than anyone sincee entj
Between them, they represent robotdom very well. Retard san was a lonely khhv incel for many years before trooning out and Tranny kun is a pseud normalfag impervious to logic. They cover all of the bases.
Touch grass and I mean that in the most serious way
You're conflating a few things. Me not stopping when someone asks me to stop I wouldn't do without a great reason, e.g. they're so incredibly mentally ill that can't stop themselves from reading my posts and it hurts them. I wouldn't expect 99.99% of people here to survive on 4chan if they can't learn to be okay with someone as unscathing as me who's just calling you a normalfag.
Also, nobody corrected me genuinely. They were saying I misspelled a word therefore I'm dumb, which is, in itself, a very dumb thought.
Holy shit that is funny as fuck.
I think people just like to feel loved and appreciated. She asks me to make cute threads about her.
impervious to logic.
Examples: never to be revealed
Somehow my post isn't original when I deleted the other one without the pic on my phone. Very interestjng.
Thanks for the recap. I don't get on r9k as much as I used to so I always appreciate the catchups from collectors and loremasters.
Has there actually been pics of them posted or is it still potentially just a schizo?
That "recap" was riddled with lies and/or misinformation, and we posted both our right hands before but some schizos think it's a family member/fwen.
Which parts are wrong? And which one are you?
I woke up from sleeping
I love my boyfriend
They were saying I misspelled a word therefore I'm dumb, which is, in itself, a very dumb thought.
Maybe they just didn't feel like fucking around with you because you're a stubborn, arrogant prick who's proven time and time and time again that attempting to reason with you in good faith is an utter fucking waste of time?
in order to give hope to other true robots like herself
Tranny kun regularly prompting Retard san to make these threads about him
A large part of the point of the threads is to just be a cute thread to be appreciated and to make me feel loved. I do the same for her.
against pol chuds which is why they invented the meme about him crumbling under scrutiny
I believe it was originally iris stans who invented this attack, and most of the debates aren't against /pol/tards, but just normalfags pretending to be incels/robots.
he invalidates her lived experience as a lonely trubot
I did this only really very early on before we were in-love.
planning to dress as a maid and wear black lingerie for him
This was a random idea but mostly is a joke. The plans are still in the works.
strenuously denies [...]
This is implying I'm lying lol. Anything related to diapers is a total meme, and my brother and me got her from the airport, but there's a lie about my dad picking her up and being traumatized somehow.
There is some confusion over whether Retard san will be presenting as male during the visit to Mexico
She'll most likely be in boymode.
The "competing theories" are both wrong since she started HRT at 18 and is 23 now. I don't think I've ever seen someone say she's actually 26 lol.
And which one are you?
I am the chaseoid.
If they were pretending to be retarded, that's fine, but I'll view them as a retard lol.
attempting to reason with you in good faith is an utter fucking waste of time
Examples: non-existent
You can tell when he knows he has been BTFO because he falls back on the classics
That was an impersonator *says the exact same thing as the impersonator*
I dont care that much about the subject lol *posts 50 times in thread*
I never actually specifically said that *weasel words intensify*
It's good. It's real.
Good.
That is all false!
Proceeds to confirm everything he quotes
lmao
Retard-kun, please sneak a feet pic on her... it would make my year
I guarantee you never won an argument against a /pol/tard nevermind 20 of them so you can fuck off with that shit, Tranny-kunt
examples: nonexistent
Proceeds to confirm everything he quotes
Not quite lol.
Lol.
My feet only go on my boyfriend's face, sorry.
*Tranny-kun if Retard-chanis actually the cute op, I mean.
I'll be waiting
omfg he is so lucky, I renounce everything bad I've eversaid about trans rights.
Literally every example you quoted you basically said "this is true but...".
You do ask retard san to make the threads and she does make them to give hope to robots, yes?
You do argue 20v1 defending tranners against chuds and there is a meme that you fall to pieces under cross examination, yes?
You reject that retard san was ever lonely and you reject her contention she is a robot, yes?
You do deny the embarrassing stories about diapers and your parents, yes?
Retard san will be presenting fully masc to her grandparents because she is not out, yes?
I can't see where the recap is wrong.
How do I give this to someone
-san is a gender neutral honorific so I'm not even sure why people think calling me that is an own.
Do you know what a half-truth is? They're painting a picture far from reality due to the incompleteness/lack of necessary context.
Also, some of those are just outright falsehoods. He's incredibly obviously LARPing to quasi-defend me as a joke, but I don't regularly debate /pol/tards. I'm almost 100% sure that it's just a lie that there's a "competing theory" that she's 26 lol, or that she started at 19. It's false that the meme about me falling to scrutiny came from arguing with /pol/tards.
You do deny the embarrassing stories [...]
This is such a dishonest way to phrase a question lol. Do you deny the embarrassing story that your mom caught you anally masturbating when you were 12? They're just really obvious imitators, at least most of the time, lol.
fully masc
Meaning?
You're reading too deeply into it, schizo.
Boymoding = masc presenting. This is tranny studies 101. I expected you to know this but perhaps you are being deliberately disingenuous or obtuse. Again, you seem to be confirming the facts presented, but are unhappy with how they are being presented.
You have clarified that retard san has used HRT for five years beginning when she was 18. That is remarkably close to one of the competing theories. Hardly a strong argument against the veracity of the rest of the recap. Given the nature of r9k, I wouldn't be surprised if there were people who believed she started HRT much later after male puberty so it is perfectly believable there might be a competing, albeit wrong, theory based on misinterpretation or incomplete information.
I am quite confused over your fixation on the denial thing. It seems very straightforward. A claim is made, you deny the claim. Exactly as the recap says, no?
Boymoding = masc presenting
You said "fully masc," which doesn't really sound like when you just wear a hoodie and jeans or whatever like most boymoders who still shave, are on HRT, have long girly hair, etc.
Hardly a strong argument against the veracity of the rest of the recap
One piece of misinformation isn't very much on its own, obviously.
it is perfectly believable there might be a competing, albeit wrong, theory
There might be but it isn't being stated. That's not really an argument for how it's actually true lol.
your fixation on the denial thing
There is no fixation. Saying I "strenuously deny" something is dishonest framing. None of this is strenuous at all lol, and I just flatly deny it since it's very easy for us to confirm when an imitator makes a post lol.
So your argument that the recap is wrong boils down to you flatly, but not strenuously, denying a story and that you have not personally read a theory about your girlfriend starting HRT later in life...
It isn't a very strong case against the recap.
you left out the best part of manuelitos based abuela deadnaming her/him
A lot of the recap is fine but it's obviously very incomplete. I didn't say the whole thing is wrong, but yeah if you just don't care about dishonest framing/misinformation/half-truths, then yeah it probably seems pretty air-tight.
Like pottery kek
Ackshually i d-didnt say it was ALL wrong 
They avoid clearing this up so i think its safe to assume the grandparents use he him pronouns and call her manuel while she is boynoding
I personally think the carpet thing was funny sad you cannot see my humor.
Retard-san could be a 10/10 goddess with L-cup boobs and her horrible personality would ensure that she has zero attractiveness.
Personally it is the dick and balls that rule out the attractiveness for me. Pretty sure that starting HRT in her 20s doesn't help either
deadnaming
I don't get why they are so defensive about whether her gma refers to her as a man or uses her old name or whatever. They are open about the rest of the diaperfag degeneracy so what does it matter if the gma calls her a he??
its to do with passing. if they admit the abuela calls him manuel then anons will tease retard san for not passing again like they did when she posted the voca
bf debunks that I started hrt in my 20s and the diapers
people posting about it again as if that never happened
See, this is what he means about btfoing people. You guys are just dumb and never listen.
Voca? Link?
HEY EVERYONE
RETARD-SAN HAS A BULL AND ENJOYS BBC
Tranny-kun is a cuck? Damn.
Starting hrt after puberty makes it a pretty meaningless distinction lol
expecting Trans Stacy not to cheat
can you describe the footwear you wear at home if any
do you wear simple black socks like bocchi or something else
I wear black socks or just go barefoot
When I slept in the same bed as him I would be restless and I put my foot on his chest and face and he liked that
wow that is adorable and hot. maybe one day i will find someone like you
Another successful bocchi poster thread giving robots hope
Can I rub my bloody corpse on your feet >>73054022
She's the sweetest most amazing girl I've ever talked to.
Not really lol. There's a reason why people are trying to repeat the lie over and over.
Not really
What are the differences between starting HRT at 18 and at 23?
SHUT THE FUCK UP, THIS THREAD IS NOW TORGUE PROPERTY
TALK ABOUT EXPLOSIVES OR I WILL SEND A PIPE BOMB TO YOUR MAILBOX
Well she's 23 now so she would only be on HRT for a few months. And it's generally just better to transition earlier for results.
can I watch you two have sex while I cut myself please
I guess I misunderstood. I thought the anon you quoted was saying that beginning HRT after puberty is pretty terrible whether it's at 18 or in early twenties.
It's not ideal in either case but it's not necessarily "pretty terrible" in either case and it can very well make a huge difference. There is, in fact, a reason people keep repeating the lie.
Im guessing the reason is >>73053749 ?
It doesn't relate to deadnaming, her grandparents, boymoding, her birthname that's not even manuel lol, or a vocaroo that doesn't exist.
Does she have cute feet? would she walk over me if I was bleeding out on your carpet
Soooo going by the one you didn't rule out, it must be something to do with passing. I will ask someone more knowledgeable about the subject. With respect, you have a tendency to prevaricate rather than just answer a straightforward question which makes it seem like you are not very sure.
Guys I'm starting to like retard-san, unironically.
we should pay her money for making me cut myself
Your question was dogshit lol. "does it have anything to do with this guy's explanation for why people aren't talking about her grandma deadnaming or not?" No it doesn't. He did talk about passing and it obviously relates to that as I heavily implied earlier.
Good taste.
She didn't make you do anything, though.
just remember it's a actually a biological male and you like men but its okay.
I am not the anon you quoted.
like i heavily implied
This is what I mean. Why not just answer the question straight rather than go all around the houses? It makes it seem like you don't really know what you are talking about. Especially when you have to preface everything with lols and insults. Pretty common on here, I suppose. Anyway, if you aren't able to discuss the specifics of beginning HRT at different time periods after male puberty, we can just draw a line under your part in the conversation and allow someone who knows the subject a bit better to weigh in.
Why not just answer the question straight
Sure. That post was irrelevant.
It makes it seem like you don't really know what you are talking about
If you genuinely think this based on what I said there, then I think you're most likely mentally unwell in some way and/or blinded by bias. Again, he basically asked me "does it have anything to do with this guy's explanation for why people aren't talking about her grandma deadnaming or not?" That's an incredibly stupid question with the only saving grace being that it was his mistake to link that post.
And yeah I'm obviously not an HRT expert lol. 18-19 yo's are often memed on /lgbt/ when they say "oh noez it's too late for me :'((((" but it depends obviously.
would you two watch me cut myself if I pay you or answer me if I pay you
I would never take your money. I would answer any real questions that don't have to do with self-harm or anything lewd.
I am sorry I am in a lewd mode my roommate is not here anymore, I am a degenerate.
I am the OP of >>73004932 →. I answered questions like yours a bunch.
Starting after puberty:
it sucks, tbdesu, i mean i started at 19, which isnt AWFUL, (still possibiltiy of pelvic rotation/hip growth), and I was put on Adderall right before i turned 15 which has been shown to lower the potency of puberty which helped. and i was FAT during puberty which raises estrogen levels
but, transitioning after puberty is horrible. i constantly compare myself to youngshits (who started at like 12-15) and it ruins my day because of how good they look in comparison. but, at the end of the day, i started at 19, and not like 30.
the more puberty you go through => the more testosterone your body is exposed to => the less likely to pass and its exponential
I see. Thank you for the informative and clear reply to the question!
lol explains why tranny kun was squicked by that subject
Lol she's literally confirming what I said earlier.
at the end of the day, i started at 19, and not like 30.
I never said or implied starting earlier had no effect. I was the one implying that starting at 18 is noticeably better than 22/23, and she's basically saying the same thing there.
I was just about to say 
Watch tranny kun desperately try to save face over being exposed as knowing nothing
Then I scrolled down and saw he had already replied scrambling kek
Damn, retard san isn't fat and wasn't on adderal afaik so if that girl doesn't pass, it isn't looking good for OP.
There are people who start at 19 and become perfect passoids relatively quickly, and there's that tranon who's an infamous attention whore on here and /lgbt/ and doesn't really pass. A lot of it is just genetics and have far greater of an individual effect than being fat/on adderal, lol. This is all just a really pathetic attempt to try to get under her skin.
hide under anonymous all you want retard-san. youll never pass as a woman. 
why dont you ever post a selfie? Ill tell you why because you look like a fucking man. eat shit troon scum. 
checkmate.
This is all just a really pathetic attempt to try to get under her skin
Why would discussions about the effects of taking HRT post-puberty get under her skin? This is a subject that she is obviously better placed than you to discuss, yet you keep insisting on inserting yourself in the conversation when you don't really have anything worthwhile to add. Very strange.
I wasn't replying to anyone discussing how HRT works. That guy was just trying to get a dunk on my gf. You're either trolling or just really low IQ, desu.
That guy was just trying to get a dunk on my gf
You keep repeating that but not explaining why a discussion about how HRT works would be a dunk for someone who is using HRT... Adding an insult on the end doesn't make it any more true, or add anything to the discussion. You have already shown your ignorance on the subject yet keep replying anyway. As soon as we got someone knowledgeable in, you had to chime in again, adding nothing. Is it a need for the last word? If so, I am happy to give it to you because it seems important to you. Strange. I won't reply to you again unless you do some research and actually bring something worthwhile to the conversation. 
If you or OP are still watching the thread, I would be very interested in discussing your experiences of completing male puberty prior to beginning your hormone replacement journey.
Is
Damn, retard san isn't fat and wasn't on adderal afaik so if that girl doesn't pass, it isn't looking good for OP.
merely a discussion on how HRT works to you?
do some research
Not even trying lol.
Since the archive is back up and running, we should supplement this summary (bearing in mind the caveat that "strenuously denies" should be replaced by "flatly denies" moving forward).
I believe that this post >>72981552 → may be the origin of the contentious competing theory which Tranny kun took issue with. It seems that some anons (wrongly) interpreted Retard san's post to mean that she was alone for 22 years before beginning HRT. Now we have had confirmation, this theory can be dismissed and the record can be updated to show that Retard san began her HRT at age 18 until present. It is good that we have settled this because it does, understandably, seem to have been a particular bugbear for the couple.
What are robots thoughts on picrel? It does seem that the maid uniform and black lingerie is a flirty joke between lovers but Tranny kun later confirmed the 'mostly' joke had evolved into a real plan. Should we remove the maid uniform from the lore or are we satisfied that they will be enjoying some erotic lingerie while staying in Retard san's grandmother's home?
 Should we remove the maid uniform from the lore or are we satisfied that they will be enjoying some erotic lingerie while staying in Retard san's grandmother's home?
maybe kek. harnesses are cool
lets be honest, playing dress up isnt going to be the weirdest thing they do in abuela's house lol
I think I am in love with your gf can I please know her name so I can cut it into myself please please please
I love my bf yes I will wear a maid uniform for him
Retard-san is her real name, so why are you in love with her?
Because they remind me I am inferior
It's a non-passing tranny, you are their superior.
We don't know her real name, only her deadname. I would prefer if we didn't use it in this thread, though. My understanding is that Retard-san's family still use it because they are not supportive of her truth. All of us should make an effort to maintain this board as a safe space where Retard-san doesn't need to worry about anyone deadnaming her.
Here's some more lore:
Retard-san cried once when she was 3 when she lost on a videogame
Retard-san is 4'8, Tranny-kun is 7'0
Tranny-kun's parents both look younger than their age. Tranny-kun's dad was a Gigachad when younger with 17 girlfriends at the same time.
Retard-san almost died in 2011 due to choking while eating a piece of birthday cake and entered a six week coma
More to come.
I am an even more nonpassing tranny/attempted femboy abomination and I am mentally ill
And you're a silly billy, don't forget
Tranny-kun please leash your boyfriend and make him stop doing these relationship blogposts 
Especially on /r9k/ of all places
You can be gay just do it anywhere else
My magnum opus would be to bleed out on their bedroom floor while they make love and ignore me
Tranny-kun's dad was a Gigachad
probably why he reacted the way he did to learning his son was dating a crossdresser lmao funnier now that we know the tranny had a full male puberty
Did we find out whether Retard san's grandma still calls her by her birthname or are they both still ducking the question? Is that solid enough for us to include it in the confirmed lore?
She's boymoding. That means she's completely hiding the fact that she's trans. Using a female name would give away that something's up. So yes, deadname.
LMAOOOOOOO
I kekd and lold
ahhh being penetrated by the bf while the gf makes me suck her
More confirmed lore down below
tranny-kun's mom was a triple agent who pretended to work as a double agent in the soviet union for china but who was actually working for the CIA
tranny-kun's dad was a top scientist at DARPA who developed top secret superweapons at area 51
tranny-kun was genetically engineered to be incredibly intelligent (he has an iq of 150)
despite having 2 white parents and being 100% white appearance-wise he is half japanese(don't ask me it just works)
he received his first bachelor's degree at age 19 from an ivy league university, currently almost complete with his PhD
he plays college football, could easily go pro but he plans to join the navy
retard-san was an orphan abducted by the cartel to be a child soldier who quickly gained notoriety for her precision kills with a sniper
was captured during a raid on a cartel by CIA and brought to a rogue CIA black site and experienced super soldier training
is part cyborg
was adopted by an american family after the rogue CIA site was shut down during operation shadow jesus
as part of her special forces training knows over 200 ways of killing someone, experienced in covert infiltration, an expert in the martial arts of judo, karate, and katana wielding, and proficient in 8 different languages
despite her tragic past she yearns everyday for the battlefield
this is all true because it's on 4chan, trust me. 
(brought to you by kojima productions)
What's his race and what's his height?
How do I get one dough
Awww but these threads are so cute and make me happy. She's my lovey forever and I want robots to be inspired by our love! We're the true /r9k/ power couple.
only her deadname
You don't know it actually lol.
?
White and 6' or so :^). We're both proud aryans.
please sandwich me between you and your gf please please
We're both proud aryans.
Your bf is a homosexual and you are a mentally ill troon
We're monogamous, pure and wholesome, so we can't.
I'm a cis man and I'm not gay lol.
Is this the kind of person trannies like? Smug, smarmy, Dark Triad Chads?
Hes extremely loving to me. I only know of a sweet loving boy who I want to devote myself to.
Just like real women!
Pleaseeeee
I am not a human I am just like a sex toy for you two
 I want robots to be inspired by our love!
You want robots to become chasers?
She's an irritating troll who doesn't care about anyone besides her boyfriend (because she's BPD).
I'm a little smug here but definitely not dark triad lol. My gf brings out my warm and cuddly side, dough.
No. They should find wholesome love.
That was me who said that lol.
I'm a little smug here
I can only judge you by what you post here, and if people judge you negatively, that's because you never show any sides of yourself here except your worse ones.
I can assure you, he's a genuinely sweet, amazing, wholesome, loving, smart, cute, all around best boy
That's cool, maybe one day he'll showcase this better side and interact with r9k in ways besides bad faith argumentation and smug taunts.
I think people are often very biased in how they judge character.
If you agree with me about how normalfags LARPing as incels is bad, then you might like that side of me where I argue against 20 of them at a time and tear through them one-by-one with ease. Some people liked me for this until they realized I had a gf and then they hated me, and also /pol/tards will just hate me since my gf is trans and I'm a progressive.
I take it when someone is harshly judging my character here, they're basically saying "I really disagree with you, but I'm too much of a coward to actually argue, so I'll ad-hom you about how you're a sociopath/narcissist/hypocrite/tranny/dumb/etc." Your ad-homs always fall flat since I know they're false and ultimately just come from your cowardice.
What argument did I have where I was arguing in bad faith? We can redo the argument here.
argue against 20 at one time
I can take 20 guys at one time too..
