just want a girl to stroke my hair, tell me everything is going to be okay and call me a good boy 
yeah I'm a pussybitch I know, but after watching my mother die I had to grow up the rest of my teen years and early 20's without that type of person in your life 
I didn't realize how much it can mess a boy up until now, I'm about to turn 23 this June. This is the only site I can express this without feeling embarrassed, pathetic, suicidal from it. It's literally ruined my sex life because the only girls I've gotten around with are the types of girls that seek out guys with mommy issues
still getting laid and complaining about it
Please kill yourself.
the only girls I've gotten around with are the types of girls that seek out guys with mommy issues
Why is this bad
you know why, they seek to control. That's always the basis of the relationship when it gets down to it. As a guy you're malleable and these types of girls know it's because you have certain issues so they try and exploit that shit. You'll end up as nothing but a boytoy to them
Based taste, I also have similar desires, but it's because my mom neglected me/was a bitch. I think the best way to make it a non-one sided relationship is to give them a similar feeling of calm and serenity. Also you can assuage them into being a switch instead of a gentle dom. They mostly get off on the sexual aspect of the power, so as long as you give that in moments they'll mostly be sated to that end. If you can also give them a good dicking down every now and again, then they'll feel fulfilled and like you are the whole package.
I just want a GF I can beat the shit out of regularly and she has to make up various stories to her doctor about how she sucks at walking and trips too much. 
I want a girlfriend I can ejaculate into when my sexual urges consume me, and otherwise beat the fucking shit out of without worrying she's gonna go cry to the po-po or her impotent faggot daddy (not that I can't split a boomer skull if necessary, but I don't want that horrible legal bullshit, I just want to abuse some dumb cunt whose father barely cares about her, and shape her into a fuckservant/chef for my exclusive use)
you know why, they seek to control.
No I want one because I want to be his mommy and coddle him and hold him when he's sad and make him food and tell him he did good on something and love him and make him happy. I have a maternal personality so I imagine a relationship with that sort of boy would work well for us both
You are very embittered and paranoid and sad
I need the source on this, seriously only for research purposes!
just want a girl to stroke my hair, tell me everything is going to be okay and call me a good boy
Women are whores and their heartless. They really don't go for this kid of shit. 
If and when they do, it's going to be for one or two times max before they ghost on the guy and move on to a dark-triad personality type of dude so they can get their rocks off.
Women don't like emotions. Women like psychopathy
the only girls I've gotten around with are the types of girls that seek out guys with mommy issues
Fucking hell this happened to me too. She snatched me away. Even calls me her man-kiddo
Based tfwnomommygf 
This is only true for some girls, there are genuinely maternal girls, though they are rare
very embittered and paranoid and sad
okay yeah but it's because I was really close with this one girl and she ended up trying to cuck me and turn me into a femboy. Everything felt weird during that time. It was early 2020 
yeah pretty much that's how it feels, like things can be normal between you and a girl in these types of relationships
but the cracks turn into crevices sooner than you realize
yeah pretty much that's how it feels, like things can be normal between you and a girl in these types of relationships
but the cracks turn into crevices sooner than you realize
Yeah that's fair, I think there's too main elements, one is enjoying the power, and the other is enjoying the maternal aspect in and of itself. The more power oriented ones are more dangerous since they don't enjoy the intrinsic aspects of the relationship, so they're more likely to get bored and try to turn it into something else like you described. Also being with a switch who leans dom can be good because you can still show her a more dark triad side from time to time, and both be happy. There are very few girls who are true doms without also wanting complete control, which usually isn't worth it overall. Even many of them are switches and want a sub they can control and humiliate while also getting dicked down by Chads on the side, which is what she tried to do to you. Switches or genuine softdoms are best imo, but they are difficult to find and sus out among the predatory doms. Also depends on how you 'play' it, if she doesn't see you as switch material, then chances are she'll try to overly feminize you and cuck you eventually too.
Also being with a switch who leans dom can be good because you can still show her a more dark triad side from time to time, and both be happy.
I might have this. I'm not sure
Some things about her are definitely leader-like but others aren't
I might have this. I'm not sure
Some things about her are definitely leader-like but others aren't 
Switches are ideal desu, imo I'd retain the softdom thing as the core, but definitely don't be afraid of switching from time to time. Many girls have a need like that which they will get filled sooner or later even if you don't do it. Imo the ideal is 75% softdom and 25% maledom (which is usually more physical)
my embitterment comes from this one specific girl who hurt me, so I project it to all women of this kind
Many such cases!
Seriously though that is a very strange and specific occurrence. Sorry that happened to you. I would make you soup and kiss your forehead
A common dream among the wishy-washy.
Ok i def have that. She's like a decade older than me and we both think the age gap is kinky af. At first I would choke her and stuff like that but now I want her to do some mommy rp or something cause she jokes about being my goth mommy and I'm her "man kiddo"
Something that plays on the age gap thing would be hot as fuck
I'm sorry 
and I'm not trying to come off like an incel I'm sorry it comes off like that, I don't have deep hatred I just feel very weird about things and I can't tell if I'm just some emotional faggot or actually have real problems I need to deal with
No worries, I want that exact thing, too. I didn't mean for my post to come off like that, my bad.
