Have any robots tried any online dating apps? How was it? I'm thinking of giving it a shot because fuck it. How brutal will it be? I'm already blackpilled.
i havent tried it myself but i saw someone do it
he was way more attractive than me, got like 1 match in a month or so, and it was literally a girl that wanted free dinner
create profile on online dating app
your presence is now confirmable/identifiable on that platform
hook up with person who may or may not be a bot/extortionist
get your shit held hostage if it is one of those two
even if it's a real person odds of it working out are low
all sorts of info on you if it goes south
Not worth it. Just remain a void of information.
I went on two dates with one cute girl over the span of 4 months of use. It was kind of horrible. She wouldn't do activities and just wanted to go eat out at restaurants. Which for me as a socially inept retard was doomed to fail.
If your a guy dating apps are a marathon not a race if you swipe right enough eventually youll get a couple non hideous ones but they usually ghost you after the intial introductions if you dont peak their interest. all in all its generally a waste of time unless you min max it.
dating apps are designed as cock carousels for affluent women. i don't mean this in a blackpill incel way, but they make money that way. not a good way to meet women organically.
If you're like most robots (incels) and are non-NT and/or ugly, I wouldn't even bother. I'm all of those things myself and those apps didn't do anything for me other than blackpill me even more. I've tried almost every one for years at a time. Tinder, Bumble, Hinge, Badoo, Tantan, etc. For robots online dating apps are useless really, you won't get any benefit out of it, no dates. You are better off using your time, money, and energy on other copes like videogames or going to the gym or other hobbies.
Can we please stop talking about fucking dating apps? If you use dating apps you're a rube, just like guys who fall for PUA scams, and you have only yourself to blame if it blows up in your face. If you had any actual nuts you'd delete the app and go hit on real girls.
STFU tripfag. Posting about inceldom and the blackpill is at the very least better than whatever discord attention-whoring tranny faggotry you have going on
STFU tripfag. Posting about inceldom and the blackpill is at the very least better than whatever discord attention-whoring tranny faggotry you have going on
All I have going on here is pointing how full of shit you are and encouraging you to make everybody's day better by just hanging yourself already. If that's not a selfless public service to incels, I don't know what is.
isn't going and hitting on real girls basically pua? most pua stuff is literally "just go talk to girls bro" which i agree, would eventually work after probably tons of embarrassment and discomfort
isn't going and hitting on real girls basically pua?
You don't have to pay anyone at all to go hit on real girls. Where does PUA come into it? PUA guys will tell you to hit on real girls but anyone with half a brain can figure this out.
 most pua stuff is literally "just go talk to girls bro" which i agree, would eventually work after probably tons of embarrassment and discomfort
Yep, and for you embarrassment and discomfort is the minimum price of love and sex. Either nut up and pay it or sit down and shut up. Better yet, hang yourself on stream and make life better for your fellow incels.
Depends, are you rich or really attractive? I used to work min wage and barely got any swipes now i make 500k a year and i could literally fuck anotger girl every day lol.
Also 100% of my former crushes suddenly were interested again after i got rich.
Love between man and women is purely conditional, if you want real love get a pet.
Depends, are you rich or really attractive?
No. Broke uni student that is /fit/ and robot tier in looks.
Better yet, hang yourself on stream and make life better for your fellow incels.
you seem like a stable individual to take advice from
you seem like a stable individual to take advice from
I've actually worked this out over years and years of talking to and working with incels. The only two things that can actually ease their plight is less completion - fewer low-value men competing for the scraps- and somehow reversing the image they have in the public as hateful, selfish, and unwilling to compromise. Actively giving your own life as a forma of protest is the only way left incels have to convince society (and girls) that they actually do have tender hearts that need to be protected and healed. Mass incel protest suicide is the best way to accomplish both goals, reducing the population of incels ethically so that there's less competition, and at the same time making an unmissable statement to the mainstream that you are human and need love too. It's literally a win-win for all involved because even the incels that kill themselves are no longer suffering from the pain of inceldom. All it would take is ten or a hundred incel lives, lives incels themselves admit are worthless and have no chance at happiness, to totally change the world for the better.
tinder
manage to take good pics
actually get like 100 likes total
pay for gold to see who it was
match and message almost all of them
90% don't respond
50% give one word answers
other 50% are decent conversation
go on like 10 dates total
3 of them with the same girl
dumped me on 3rd date after sex for having past trauma
couple months later
date a decent girl from another town
actually has hobbies and shit
1 year later we are are together, but noticing more of her flaws which actually bug me a lot
If you've been on a date then you're not a robot.
are you rich or really attractive?
They wouldn't be a robot if so, lol. How do you show off your wealth, btw?
get like 100s likes
Not even close to an incel.
Not even close to an incel.
You jealous? But for real, I was one until 24
No you weren't. You couldn't have been unless you got plastic surgery around then maybe.
Used (on and off) for about 6years, in multiple different countries and cities.
In total I matched with less than 20 women in that time, if you exclude literal spambots I matched with 8. Of those 8, 5 unmatched me immediately after I messaged them. 1 gave me one word replies like "ok" or "cool" and then unmatched me. One was a hideously obese black girl, she actually offered to meet up with me but said I cant go inside but she would "suck my dick through the bedroom window". The 8th one was a 4/10 skinnyfat white girl, this was in a smaller town. This was the closest I got to a "success". She actually replied to my messages and even gave me her phone number. I ended up meeting her in person. We drank beers in the courtyard outside her apartment and talked for about an hour before she told me it's fine if I leave and she doesnt want to hold me up. She insisted on walking me to my car, and even gave me a big hug and told me we should hang out again sometime. 
She ghosted me after that and never replied to any of my messages. That was more than a year ago and I've never gotten a single match since then.
It's not worth it man. I tried it a couple times in 2020-2021 and I barely got maybe even 20 matches total, and they never responded, and I'd say that I was at least decent looking, and was fairly fit due to working in a factory. If you're not super good looking/good at text conversations as well, just don't bother. It makes you feel even worse about yourself than when you started, and those apps prey on that to get you to shill out for the premium features of getting endless swipes and more superlikes in a desperate attempt to find someone who might like you back.
I was a total retard when it came to dating or flirting. Had to brute force it to make it. That's it.
I've used dating apps multiple times in the past, I've probably used Tinder about 5 or so times with a few years between each attempt. I think I'm simply ugly and/or bad at taking pictures/creating an appealing profile. I don't really use mainstream social media like Insta/Facebook/TikTok, so I'm not good at taking pics of myself or creating an appealing image on an app. I hoenstly think that's the main reason normies do so much better on dating apps, they are used to an environmetn like that.
I was at least decent looking
If you were you'd get way, way more matches, or maybe your pics are just trash.
I was so awkward when I have hundreds of girls to cycle through easily
You're just a late bloomer, anon, not an ex-incel.
Dude everyone knows dating apps are literal scams if you aren't 7+/10. 
Most women on there just want attention and the majority of them flake. The Dating app devs will literally match you with bots to trick you into thinking you have a chance with a girl on the platform so that you'll pay for more visibility.
How did you get rich? What job has yo umaking 500k?
Yes, I've tried all of the popular ones for the past few years and never got a match.
FYI I'm white, tall and generally look pretty average
Its a brutal blackpill because most normies I've spoken to said they met their partners off dating apps
match and message almost all of them
other 50% are decent conversation
Your math is blowing my mind
before she told me it's fine if I leave and she doesnt want to hold me up. She insisted on walking me to my car, and even gave me a big hug and told me we should hang out again sometime.
She ghosted me after that
This is her polite way of telling you to fuck off
It's obvious what he meant:
90% don't respond. Other percentagees are from the 10% who did respond
Yeah I realize that now and it's what I find most frustrating about women. They'll act all cool and friendly with you to your face despite they think very low of you. If you dont like me just say that. I hate how indirect and insincere they are.
sex with cute girls and online dating is only for chad
For example, why walk me to my car? Why give me a hug? Why even say "we should hang out" when you already made the decision you never want to see me or talk to me again 30 minutes ago? I didnt ask her to do any of those things and it's just playing mind games for no reason. I get not being rude and outright telling me to fuck off, but why go out of your way to do all that extra? Why do they do that?
bro you should know by now sex is only for chad, not for you
My dad is 280 pounds and met his wife on plenty of fish. My brother is 250 and fucked at least 7 girls from tinder. Looks don't matter if you're a normie. You can be a fat sack of shit and still get laid/find romance. Being autistic is a curse.
You're just a late bloomer, anon, not an ex-incel.
I mean, I won't disagree. However I think I'd have stayed that way if it wasn't for dating apps. I never knew anyone irl I could try my luck with, and cold apprach is kinda weird and frowned on in my culture
