My boyfriend has dated women far more attractive than me before and I cant measure up to them.
I hope you commit suicide someday, please go away. Sage goes in the options field.
you want to know how you keep him? you suck his dick better than anyone else in the world. now start slurping
Can't relate I am the hottest girl my bf has ever dated. They were all landwhales or fugly or both. I once found their old nudes on his dropbox and I laughed at how fat and ugly they were
Or get pictures of them and imitate them with lots of money and Photoshop
Horrible how cruel and judgemental women are
horrible how scrotes condone and enable each other being fat ugly and poorly groomed. maybe you'd bathe or wipe your asses if you knew you'd catch heat from your buddies at alleyway-gangrape night
Don't care they should've have been retarded and taken nudes to begin with. Men treat them like rare trading cards and will never delete them. I deleted them from his dropbox and recycle bin but I bet he has backups. It's simply the nature of men 
Also if you don't have jealousy in a relationship you guys just don't like each other. That's it. I love when my bf gets jealous. Not crazy jealous but enough to where I know he wants to make it clear I'm HIS gf and nobody else can have me. My friend's friend was semi flirting with me a few months back and my bf was giving him a hard time and I appreciated that it made me feel like he actually cares
Your fault for dating a used goods moid.
lmao. I think he knows that the truth would make me too insecure. it hurts to know i likely got settled for because i was a "nice" and inexperienced girl, perfect to settle for, but it's my own fault.
Your fault for dating Chad. For a robot, you wouldve had the biggest tits he ever touched.
i did try dating a robot before I met him, but he was a nazi (and he had trust issues with women despite never having had a relationship). after that i didn't want to date incels anymore, and thankfully found someone i get along with.
I wipe my ass but it's hairy and doesn't come fully clean unless I have access to a bidet or wet wipes. And most people and places don't have wet wipes but I don't feel comfortable just bringing wet wipes around with me in case I poo. I don't use a backpack or a purse so I'd have to keep a little pack in my pocket.
Shut the fuck up and enjoy your relationship 
Thinking you're not good enough sinks more relationships than doing some actively evil shit like cheating
