does anyone have a freudian attachment to their mother? I've always had a weird attraction to her. And i've always been incredibly horny even as a child so I don't think that has helped either. I remember one point in my childhood where my mom and I were doing the literal freudian thing where the dad isn't home so the mom almost pretends her son is her husband because he's been gone so long, and I think at one point I had my hand on her pussy and she was moaning and I didn't know what was going on, and after a few seconds I stopped and we never talked about it ever again. I was maybe like 7 or something. People have always said my mom was hot and I didn't like it because It made me feel weird, but subconsciously I think I have some kind of sexual attraction to her even if I know it's wrong. I can't help how I feel. Does anyone else have this?
hell, I've even had dreams of her catching me wearing her lingerie and then she gives me head.
My mom being a promiscuous lady definitely had some effect on my psyche though I don't know what exactly
no yeah it was like that but with my parents. I think they made me a hypersexual or something. I remember one time I found the password to my dad's laptop and I had found a lot of porn on there in some hidden folder masquerading as a system folder, I only knew it was something because I was always really tech savy as a kid. Ended up finding some pics of my mom and some other girls too lined up side by side naked on a bed. Seems like they had a lot of sex and went to a lot of erotic parties when I was younger. They don't do that anymore though.
I didn't really have a dad but my mom was never shy about bringing lovers home at night, especially when I got a bit older, and I always new cause you don't get much privacy in crammed apartment. It was just disgust I felt at first then after some time it turned to arousal but even that mostly subsided and I felt a strange pride in my mom if that makes sense? I can't explain it, but I like the fact that she's an object of desire for a lot of men maybe. I still can't say if it impacted my taste in women.
my mom and I were doing the literal freudian thing where the dad isn't home so the mom almost pretends her son is her husband
Wait what. I have spent the last two years reading Freud and I've never heard of this.
no
but i do like girls with anger issues
It does vaguely sound like something he'd say doesn't it
The whole "you like your mother" Freud bullshit has no basis in reality. Maybe it happens in specific cases, but it sure as hell is not some profound human psyche answer. I never had any kind of sexual thoughts about my mother in my whole life. Not even subconsciously.
anon was emotionally molested by his mom and is coping by saying it's psychology. just let him be
No, I don't really like my mom and am mainly attracted to women that look and act nothing like her.
I post in mcg sometimes. There's probably some mcg's here now.
Yes, mom caught me masturbating a couple of times. Was drunk the 3rd time and decided to hell me out. We recently had a massive breakdown crying session and she admitted it was because she was lonely my dad left and seeing me jerk off changed the way she looked at me.
The internet kinda proves it's true to some degree, and it isn't hard to see how you'd pattern your conception of the kind of woman you would wish to be with on the woman who loved you first even if those or two very different forms of love
I have no sexual Interest in mother
My subconscious attraction to women just like her is irrelevant
Lmao. Get a clue retard
To the people (male or female) in relationships,
is your partner similar to the same gender parent?
is your partner similar to the same gender parent
Yes
Here's the thing: Freud was a Jew.
