This guy realised that modern dating and marriage are a scam for men and that women do care about looks, height, status and money and these R*dditors messaged him and commented that he's being lied to be incels. Why are they doing this?
Because i'VE LITERALLY SEEN BROWN UGLY SHORT MANLETS hook up with 10/10 BLONDE STACYs IRL
I dont CARE if you think its just an anecdote you can be miserable and think I'm lying to you, see where it lands you giving up hope all the time
Or you can dust yourself off and try again
"man"
"he"
username cropped out
Anon...
Why do you retards self post your Reddit LARPS
Why are they doing this?
Because his wording makes it extremely obvious that he's not at all actually relieved or happy. He's bitter and fishing for pity attention. The post is blatantly seeking validation and reassurance; he wants to be told not to do what he claims to be doing, and they're giving him what he seeks.
I thought they were trying to convince him because they didn't want to accept the fact that the black pill is real
I don't think it's an anecdote, I think it's a lie that you retards make up in lieu of facing reality because you're a sedated faggot in a burning building who insists that the fire isn't a problem.
It's okay OP, you don't have to pretend you're not picrel. It's not that we won't judge you, it's just that we don't care.
Reddit gaslighting men who have no hope so they're less likely to go postal? Who would'a thought!
Reddit gaslighting men who have no hope so they're less likely to go postal?
Plebbit is one of (((TPTB)))'s most effective psyops.
stfu my looksmatch is with a 6'1 chad-lite. yes i've talked to her btw, we share the same interests and are able to make great conversation. it doesn't matter, her bf barely talks to her and is always on his phone. height and face will always matter to foids more than connection.
Redditors will see one rare instance of a guy dating a girl out of her league and not realize a there's 500 men rotting because they can't even get with their looksmatch for every one lucky guy
Also they wouldn't need to emphasize negative traits "my SHORT and BALD friend with a ONE inche penis slayed (betabux) a hot girl bro anyone can do it bro it's just a mindset" because that just shows they subconsciously know those are death sentence traits
Because i'VE LITERALLY SEEN BROWN UGLY SHORT MANLETS hook up with 10/10 BLONDE STACYs IRL
i've literally never seen this once, but then again, i'm not american. i'm 6'1 and probably 5% of all zoomer relationships have a feller that's shorter than me, in those 5% of relationships, they're absolute gigamoggers in the face. of course there're exceptions, but they're just exceptions for a reason
19 years old
sadly none of that really worked and i realized how futile it was honestly
nineteen years of age
why are asian men like this lmao
Why do autists go to the internet looking for dating advice, and then complain when they get exactly the advice they deserve instead of just nutting up and taking some risks?
it is futile though. when i went to school girls started dating around 6th / 7th grade, and were having sex around 8th grade. if you came out of hs a khv, you're fucked.
I think that's just how you're reading it because you're projecting.
It seems like he's happy in my opinion
the blackpill is real, but that the redditor clearly hasn't taken it yet. he's dangling the threat of him taking it to bluepilled redditors hoping they'll convince him not to take it (in the same way people announce their intentions to off themselves in order to get sympathy and support). it's cowardly, either take the blackpill or don't.
I've seen it too. Guy I went to college with was a short, fat, balding, filthy nerd. Like the kind of fat where you've got rolls of fat on your face, easily pushing 350lbs at around 5'5 tall. He had an upturned nose as well, which made him look very much like if a pig were a person. Which he basically was. Never cleaned himself or his room. The stench of him was awful, you could smell him coming before you saw him. His roommate complained to no end because of the mess he made and how much of a prick he was when asked to clean up after himself.
Somehow, this motherfucker had a girlfriend. And she was hot as hell. Kept in excellent shape. Had long dirty blonde hair, brown eyes, and one of those impossibly soft and cute faces that your eyes cant help but be drawn to. And she was the kindest person you'd ever meet. Honest to God 11/10. Far and away the most attractive woman on campus.
We have no idea how this motherfucker managed to land her. It was a popular subject of much argument. He wasn't rich, attractive, or by any measure a decent human being. He just sat around in his own filth all day making model planes. But it gets worse.
He broke up with her. Said he was bored with her, apparently. And she was fucking devastated. Inconsolable, even. Transferred out days later as a result, said she was to depressed to focus on class. And by God every man on campus with a functioning cock and brain was pissed at him for it. Not just that he was way out of his league and threw it away, but that she left before anyone else could take a shot.
So it's possible. I and many others have no fucking idea how, but it is possible.
I live in a very diverse area of the USA and have not seen what that anon has described.
Not just that he was way out of his league and threw it away
that was smart though. it doesn't matter what top % male you are, eventually she'll get bored of you and dump you. might as well do it to her first and save your dignity.
Having a sparkling personality is not something most people are capable of having. It's healthier to forget about women and focus on your purpose anyway
I can only image the amount of death threats and hate this fag got in the 2 seconds this was up before the mods inevitably took it down lmao. Wouldn't be surprised if he already got doxxed too. 
It makes these kikes seethe to no end to know that trannyland is coming to an end and they can't stop it.
