ask out this girl at work, "josie"
she says no
she quits job about a month later
on her last day, this other coworker "debra" tries to stir up shit between me and her
saying we should hug goodbye and shit like that
josie hates it. Leaves without saying any goodbyes and is very cold to me
later on, I tell debra it was funny what she did, but you got me in trouble with josie
she spills some info about josie to me
"oh anon... You know she was bisexual right?"
I drunk text josie some nights later and call her a lesbian 
...
a week goes by
debra comes up to me trying to stir more shit
"oh anon... this is just some gossip I heard, but Josie went on a date with [some coworker I barely knew or cared about]. Yeah, they had a nice lunch picnic"
she kind of gives me a look, like we both know what you're doing debra
part of me wants to play whatever game she's running because it seems funny, and part of me wants to fuck her over too. I could just ignore all this shit too
Just quit being a sperg.
no that's lame. My current idea is to ask Debra for her number and if she wants to go out with me
you have bpd cut ur cables and go into a psychotic episode faggot
thx for another reminder why I neet
jesus man, have you considered killing yourself?
If you really need to get back at her to make yourself feel better. Ask her how she is and say she looks like she's been real tired lately. also ask her how old she is in front of someone
Yes! Tell her something like
"Damn Debra! You look like shit! Up all night partying?"
Or
"Debra, have I ever told you how much I hate niggers like you? I think you should all be hanged" 
lol! That will REALLY get her!
Dating coworkers can be a headache. I'm not gonna be a moralfag and say that you shouldn't fuck your coworkers because I've fucked 3 women that I have worked with, including one that I'm still seeing. It can get messy though. Work places are like high school in the sense that there is always going to be someone who just wants to start shit with you for no reason. People are going to gossip and talk, and you just have to try your best to mitigate that. Even in your case where there wasn't really anything going on between you too. 
Anyways, not that it seemed like you had much of a chance anyways, but if there was a chance between you and this girl you probably ruined it by being a autist and drunk texting her. Maybe if you'd have been friends with her shed be more receptive on going out on a date since she no longer worked there? Some people just wont sleep with their coworkers, cause of the problems that it can and will cause unless you play your cards right. Regardless, Its probably best to cut your losses and don't try to contact her unless she contacts you first. As for the other woman who wanted to be an asshole, I'd just ignore her. She's clearly trying to fuck with you and if you show her that it is working expect more bullshit where that came from. Alternatively tell this woman off in the frankest way you ca without getting fired, and perhaps she wont fuck with you anymore.
