A drunk girl wanted to have sex with me but I declined because I didn't want to take advantage of her and I respect women.
Assuming she was actually drunk and not just a little buzzed, good for you anon. I'm not gonna let our cynical and opportunistic culture stop me from having basic morals and neither should you.
Good job anon. You did well, plus no rape charges morning.
better that way, she might have regretted it when she sobered up. avoided a potential rape charge. instead she will have respect for you since you didn't take advantage.
You're a fucking faggot. You should've fucked her until she went into septic shock, and then rolled her into the nearest river after removing her teeth, fingers, eyes and toes (minimum).
You didn't rape someone. Do you want a medal?
We were having such a wholesome thread until these guys had to ruin it.
I want to be raped while drunk but only buy another woman and I just want her to make my oversensitive body cum over and over again
yeah that's a potential life ruining scenario for you. just say no
I want a drunk older girl to take advantage of me.
Lol I kekd
coulda sworn I clicked 4chan
you could've started drinking too then had sex. if you're both drunk then it's allowed right
Fucking KEK
I was happy for anon until I read this
fucking HOLY kek, this is the best post i've ever seen in my entire life
This is how you get women to lose respect for you. If you try to be respectful then they'll just think you're a pussy for not "going for it"
Conversely, if you just "go for it", you'll be a scumbag who doesn't know how to treat women
The proper way to have sex is to do what you did in that situation, and even then it could have ended with her regretting it the next morning and coming to the conclusion that if she doesn't think you're attractive when sober, then you must have forced yourself on her when she was drunk
The only proper way to get laid without running the risk of getting into problems is if sober women actively make a pass at you.
It happens, and I've seen it happen.
If it doesn't happen to you then you're not attractive enough for them
TOP JEJ
fjdkfdjkeee
you did great brudda, no jailtime, no stds
Have a nice day
Proud of you, Anon. You did a good thing.
Nope, if both sexors are drunk, then that means only the male is the rapist, because men are pigs and women can choose whether it's rape whenever they feel like it. Any questions?
Best case you gain nothing from respecting women. Worst case they make fun of you.
i hope he gets pistol whipped upside the head
there are no two words in the english language which make me more pro rape.
a drunk girl wanted to have sex with me but i declined because i was afraid of being accused of rape.
got accused of being a fag instead.
This is the saddest samefagging I think I've ever seen
I had sex with an Alcoholic chick on tinder
I'm not even jestermaxxing rn, I think you and everyone in this thread are massive simps. 
She literally asked you
If she's stumbling drunk and slurring her words she doesn't have any clue what she wants.
Like, if a drunk dude offered me his life savings I wouldn't take it because that would just be incredibly fucked. Drunk people can't be treated like regular people.
