Honestly, most pussies just look ugly. And no, I'm not gay.
It isn't meant to be a work of "Art" it is meant to wrap around your penis and feel nice and comfy
Based. Penises are objectively better looking.
I find them visually appealing and want one on my face.
TPBP
OP is a faggot
Nah, pussies look good as long as there are no visible STDs.
t. bisexual who loves pussies and dicks
That's why I like them. I love seeing a girl with a cute face, knowing she has a weird alien looking hole and a butthole between her legs. It's dehumanizing, really.
no that's a very nice one
you are gay, welcome to being gay and retarded
A Wild Facehugger appears and chases you around to try and eat your penis if a man or crawl in your vagina if a women
Post no please stop to save your life!!
gibs facehugger gf pls
They look strange and alien to me, probably just because I have absolutely no experience with them. I'm sure my view would be different if I actually got to interact with one.
I am interested in this perspective because I feel like OP does...I don't really like cocks but pussies look aesthetically disgusting so I jerk to non-nude women normally. It's a weird position to be in.
t. 27 year old virgin.
I can't even coom anymore unless I see a woman spreading her ass open in doggystyle position.
so many fags on this site lol
i ran up to a guy and did this glomp, he didn't deserve my friendship.
Tbqh I like both cute borderline jailbait looking ones and cronenbergian flesh monstrosities. Sometimes it's mismatched with the rest of the body, but what can you do?
I know right
Get a gf and stop looking at pussies then.
Everyone love it when a girl does a flying glomp into you face
Did you rub your vagina on his face?
That girl's face is a 10
this would be so much hotter if that was a fat hard cock flopping out instead.
I like ugly thing.
congrats, you now know how 90% of straight women feel about penises
Every girl I know, always tells guys to get there cock out
I kind of get what you're saying. Vaginas feel weird with that slime too.
I cannot refute that one.
So you only know prostitutes and porn stars?
I think that's like 90% or more of the guys who post here.
loser
So you only know prostitutes and porn stars?
No
girls I work with and then go out for a drink after work, or in bars or girls I've known for a few years.
this is one of many times it happens
That's the point. The girl in OP video has one of the better-looking pussies, yet it still looks ugly.
I bet your dad works at Nintendo too.
Not that poster, but that happens when you're hot
Funny how you are so afraid to accept there are people on here that have done stuff that you think is fake.
Then you woke up and yelled at your mom
Your LARP is weak.
Your dick game is weak
I have to agree. I love the rest of the female body, but the vagina is generally not attractive to me. It's an orifice. I don't find it attractive in the same the way I don't find nostrils attractive.
That pinkness cuts in my brain like a 1mm razor blade of pleasure. You sure are a massive faggot
At least penises have a shape, though. A pussy is a hole. It doesn't really have a shape.
Look at this underage clown
