I have more of these.
I don't willingly go seek out this stuff, because literally all it does is give me a migraine.
But they show up, and literally all I can do is stare at this bullshit in fascination before saving it to my computer so I can look at it later and think "You know what, I deserve good things"
If these people and their walnut-brain can get paid a 6 figure salary to dick around in a glass skyscraper in Chicago then I'm convinced that I can take over the world.
she isn't failing. she's doing exactly what she wants, including probably fucking some white chadlites as well. its only you and the other losers on this board that are suffering
Wasnt there a study that found married women actually work more hours than unmarried women? Incel and tradtards btfo
You are wrongly attributing their position and salary to productivity. It doesn't relate at all. It somewhat relates to their productivity during school but thats where it ends.
Psyop.
I'm convinced jobs are a function of class, rather than merit. If you want a job like this then be born to parents who are wealthy and own a company. If you are born to a wage labourer in a supermarket or something, the system tries to ensure you never get a job like this. But it's still possible to make it financially through other ways, and have your kids have a pointless job like this. If you really want something and determine to put in your all to achieve it the universe works to ensure you achieve it. Could also hold for this work but I'd wager 99% of people working as consultant are the aforementioned, born in the upper class, networked in the upper class, had upper class orgies in HS and college.
It depends which college you attended anon and whether you were a chad. In Canada the big investment banks unironically recruit heavily from this college.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY_6AIgEGLU [Embed]
Just in case you think I'm making things up.
https://www.peakframeworks.com/post/canadian-ib-target-schools
It's over.
What do you and your classmates think of the covid vaccines? Do they anticipate any long-term side effects?
https://rumble.com/v1eth6h-pathologist-ute-kruger-covid-vaccines-and-turbo-cancer-pathological-evidenc.html
https://rumble.com/v2bnvdm-pathologist-dr.-arne-burkhardt-autopsies-show-the-mrna-vaccine-shreds-peopl.html
Aren't this losers the first to be fired during layoffs?
some of those "day in the life of..." whores were already fired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfB4S7QHH3w [Embed]
I don't mean to laugh at someone's misfortune.
The Bible says that you shouldn't rejoice in someone's fall from grace, after all.
But... yeah you know what it's fucking hilarious.
You have two videos filmed in the same style where the first one is happy and breezy where nothing is wrong, and the second one is where she gets laid off.
In these videos she walks to various locations and eats various food items. Basically the only difference is that in the first one Google corporation is paying her for it.
It could have happened to a worse person.
This girl doesn't really seem entitled or mean spirited at all. She just got paid a 6 figure salary to do nothing until Google realised they physically couldn't afford to subsidise people eating snacks and sitting in the massage chair.
Lord, why can't I just be happy for once
OP here
Rewatching these videos, there's a common theme where 90% of the things that these people do in a day are "eat food"
You might look at that and initially think that these people are eating a lot, but... no. When you stop and look at it, in an 8 hour period, eating
- A fruit cup
- An iced coffee
- A bagel
- A slice of pizza
- A handful of M&amp;Ms
- A bottle of water
- A chicken salad
Is entirely reasonable. That is a normal amount of food to eat in a day.
They're just doing literally nothing else inbetween.
There's a time jump of several hours between when they eat lunch and when they're going back to the salad bar.
I have no idea what they're doing inbetween these periods of time. But I assume that if it were work (or anything resembling it) then they'd specify it. An ambiguous "meeting" is basically the most work that these people are doing in a day.
Like I literally don't even know what it is. I can only assume that it looks like chatting with coworkers, browsing your phone, walking to various locations in these giant sprawling offices and looking at art installations.
Fucking unreal.
The most likeable person in these videos is the dog.
So she wakes up, gets served a coffee, gets served breakfast, plays with her hair, watches a movie, takes pictures of herself, plays with legos, goes outside, gets served lunch, does arts and crafts, plays with a bicycle, gets served ice cream, plays pool, then goes to bed?
This just looks like kindergarten. People pay grown women to go to kindergarten?
It's ridiculous, but the part that really pushes it into the domain of absurd to me is the factor that these people uploaded these videos themselves and thought that it would come off good.
Like, this is the least incriminating and most appealing that these people are ever going to look. Because why would you ever upload a video like this and try to make yourself look bad.
A good day to them looks like spending an hour attending Zoom meetings and spending the rest in the massage chair and eating fruit salad.
This is the generation of people that sits around shaking their fist at "capitalism" and acts like they live under the boot of wealthy aristocrats that sit around attending dinner parties while they, the working class uphold the foundation of society.
My job is low tier version of this and of course lower pay (5 figures), I work IT but the entire weeks work can be completed on Monday, so I then spend the next 4 days showing up at the office and doing nothing besides looking at my phone/pc
what are they consulting on? where to make budget cuts?
My classmates are zogbots that will get a rectal chip if the government mandated it.
That being said the vaccine probably won't do shit to you , killing people or sterilizing doesn't increase the globohomo's profits. It's mostly just outliers and the occasional old or sick people that die from the vaxx , you'd find similar statistics for most other vaccines out there.
