what time do you have dinner?
Whenever I get hungry.
I have dinner at 12 o'clock if you mean tea I eat that at around 6-7 o'clock.
Most of those make sense to me except Spain. Like do they all get out of bed at noon to be eating that fucking late?
yes im sure all european countries have dinner in the morning
Spain has lots of Sun hours and a pretty hot climate so most people wait until the the Sun isn't too hot to start doing their routine unless they have to work
Around 6
Good to know Spain is inhabited by psychopaths
Fucking disgusting subhuman northerner, I hate you and your goblin kind. I wish we'd never shut the mines so we could keep you down there where you belong.
at 4-5
What time do you go to bed? If you go to bed at what I'd consider a normal time (10-12 ish?) and wake up 8 hours later, that seems like quite a long time without food. Do you have large breakfasts?
About 7:30-8:00 but sometimes as late as 9 some days.
When I feel like cooking, clocks are for wagies
Anywhere between 5 and 8 depending on what time I wake up
Dinner?
Isn't those times for breakfast?
4:30-5pm typically
What time do you go to bed?
Normal time like you say, 10-12. We have this thing called "kveldsmat" ("food of the evening") before we go to bed, so dinner is often not the last meal of the day in Norway. Food culture is very weak here, hardly anyone knows how to cook, especially my studentfag peers. 
No, breakfast and lunch are normal sized here.
Fasting for a minimum of 12 hours between your dinner and breakfast is excellent for complete digestion of food. It will also promote sound sleep and help to maintain the cardinal rhythm of the body.
5-6pm
The goal is to eat every 3 to 4 hours in order to keep your blood sugar consistent and for your stomach to optimally digest. Setting this schedule consistently across days can also help curb overeating which can lead to bloating or indigestion.
5-6pm
based bong
these pictures are always bullshit its like 5-6 if you mean evening meal
Shove your vegan avacado toast up your arse nigger LOL
wat? isn't first meal of day breakfast, lunch, then last meal dinner?
For everywhere in the English speaking world, yes. For the gremlin-esque creatures of northern England, it goes breakfast -> dinner -> tea. In fairness to them, dinner was historically the largest meal of the day, which is why you might have a Sunday dinner at around midday, and would still call that dinner.
5-6 most days
t. leaf
interesting
whenever i'm hungry
we take naps, where do you think the siesta in toros y siesta comes from
Unironically wrong.
In most parts of the world "dinner" refers to midday meal.
Thus proper line-up is "breakfast-dinner-supper"
Lunch was supposed to mean light in between snack when you're peckish.
But amerifats in their infinite gluttony made light snack into proper meal, thus actual amerifat line-up goes "breakfast -lunch-dinner-omg I woke up at 2am and devoured half the fridge and am now so ashamed I want to die".
Obviously amerifats will never admit that last mealtime exist, but we all know the truth.
Fucking kek. Such good bait.
t. landdownunderfag
