It's Kino, idk what you're talking about
Only if you have money or your family name has social power.
A bit lonely at times, but thank fucking God it isn't the alternative. Being born white and being almost exclusively around other whites is a very rare privilege now. No one actually wants to associate with niggers, not even other niggers.
Pros)
-no crime
-nature
Cons)
Boomers 
Drug abuse
Ok that's true. Only the rich can afford to shoot and have property and farm and ride ATVs in the sticks
Yeah this 
Whats not to like?
have you seen whites though
Yeah, I have. The nice thing about houses in a rural area is that I don't need to gawk at my neighbors like some predatory hunting band from the fucking congo. Niggers are also ugly from the day the are born, so some wrinkly old white ugliness is hardly an issue.
Would you rather live around some docile human being with pale man tits, or a fucking half-ape riddled with STDs that will attempt to rob you at the drop of a hat?
If you actually want to go live around the various brown contingencies that foul every major city, be my guest. I don't want diversity-spewing npcs ruining our miniscule, rare tracts of safety.
You make a good point but misato wasn't necessary to this post.
I like all posts to be accompanied by pleasant imagery. It helps me to forget that niggers are still a problem nearly 200 hundred years after their obsolescence as cheap farm equipment.
I dont know if you are being sarcastic or not but this is true
Maine is a magical state
He is being sarcastic, you fucking ghettozoomer. You can't scrape 40ish k and a valid ID together long enough to buy a gun and a used ATV and some mediocre acre of land? That's not rich, that's lower middle class in a developed nation.
Are you brown?
My fellow down eastern Allen's swigger. It's truly a travesty what they are constantly importing to Portland and the dirty lew. Thank fucking Christ this is where God decided to put us, though. I'd never move anywhere else in the US.
If living around only other whites was so great you wouldnt be on this board
What shade of feces is your skin, anon? Life is inherently painful, having to live around the threat of monkey raids only makes it worse.
Why do you people act tough with your guns and ill kill anything attitude then turn down opportunities to use your guns
Youre the ultimate larpers you wouldnt have been shit without Jim Crow and 2nd class citizenship enhancing your low tier family the rich whites look at you the same way you look at minorities
you be surprised how easy it is to get hook on 4chan boards like r9k, regardless of your life situation.
I feel like you really don't like bipoc. There's a lot to unpack here
I didn't read all of that dumb shit, but I have no interest in hurting you or any other nigger. I just want to live away from you and not deal with you. I shouldn't even have to justify it with the absurdly high crime rates and inherent hostility of Americanus Africanus. You have no grasp of this, and view every social situation as some battle against the white oppressor. We've barely never had niggers here, but sure enough, when they got brought in (yes, brought in en masse as "refugees"), crime skyrocketed relative to what it was before. Who coulda think that, huh? I'm sure they'll be disadvantaged for centuries too because of RACISM and uh, what's the new thing? "Generational trauma" ?
It's like rotting alone in a city without the distractions.
In the city you can't go out at night. If you go out in the day you will be accosted by beggars.
You can't be loud if you live in an apartment. If you say no-no words your neighbors will come knocking at your door because they listen to all your consersations though paper thin walls.
yeah i trannys and porn addicts
What sentence were you trying to type, brownie? Please try again. Maybe run it through a Swahili translator first, or ask your nonexistent immigrant dad for advice.
Europeans are rich whites
Your average 4chan white is poor and therefore trash what's funnier is he's poor because he listens to billionaires tell him how great having ko safety nets is and being poor is awesome as long as your white and they are satisfied with that
Why haven't you moved to West Virginia there's literally some hick place in the western united states some evangelical town they are literally paying you to live there why not go there
You're a complete fucking retard whose bought into a narrative so hard he can't smell his own shit.
My family lives here. And I'm a robot it's not like I have a wife to start a homestead with.
Nah you American rural whites are trash and need to be culled from the human genetic pool
Brown fingers typed this post lol
So you complain about the area but won't leave because you aren't good enough to leave the area
Sounds like you fit right in with useless whites who think they are good because newton was able to invent important scientific and mathematical ideas
The entire state of West Virginia is filled with whites and it's an abject shit hole
Those are your typical 4chan whites who have an unearned sense of superiority
Massachusetts is filled with rich whites those are your liberal Europeans with nuanced ideas and value
Look at this ~85 IQ chocolate person froth at the mouth due to whites wanting to live with other whites. Why do shitskins think it is a human right to be around white people?
Bro no one is stopping you from congregating in West Virginia lol
Yeah, I don't live in the south. Our whites weren't battered and slandered for hating niggers because they weren't a problem here until after the emancipation.
Again, you're a fucking nigger. You can barely remember to feed your own children on time without some white liberal dumbfuck social worker reminding you of it after a CPS hearing.
I complain about it because it's shit here. I live in a middle class area. The hotel near my house has been subject to two drive-by shootings (within earshot). People's cars get broken into daily. People's cars get set on fire. Street racers drive though here often and one of them nearly killed my mom when he crashed his car. Protesters block the street and cause all manner of problems (especially when the media has decided it's protest season). I can't even take my trash out without worrying about getting mugged.
My friend lives in Appalachia surrounded by poor whites. Does he deal with any of this shit? No.
You mean aside from AA and the CRA mandating that niggers be stuffed into every aspect of white communities?
You're assuming a lot, and that's because you're nigger that can barely follow a linear mental path. Poor whites certainly can exhibit nigger behaviors, but their criminality and severity doesn't even begin to approach your average displaced African's daily routine. I'd feel safer in a white meth den than any undergraduate course composed primarily of football/basketball scholarship gorillas, and anyone not full of shit or a propensity for charging across the Savannah would tell you the same thing.
This thread feels like I'm browsing /pol/
Anyway, here's a picture of my brown hand.
have you ever been around whites? poor whites are exactly the same.
So, you just enjoy advocating for the destruction of you and your family while reading trash pop-finance books in your free time between bouts of decrying racism on what is functionally a giant anonymous humor site? Whatever, please just stay wherever you are.
Do you like my hands lil chuddy ?
Yeah? This line of logic is such perennially disproven propaganda. You're far less likely to get murdered, raped or robbed by poor whites than you are of even wealthy blacks. I don't expect a nigger or niggerlover to honestly observe statistics and make obvious hypotheses regarding them, but they're there if you wanna go waste more of your already worthless time.
You need to learn how to clip your fucking nails, for starters. It looks like you have a yeast infection on your fat thumb.
You got soft hands brother.
First of all >>73043805 isn't me. And second that was my only post on this thread. Was going to crop out the Robert Kiyosaki book but left it in to see if you would take a dig at it. 
And you did, faggot.
He's still got some sort of fungal infection or skin condition on his knuckles; it's kind of fucking gross.
Yeah, of course I did. It's a book for morons. Can you show me your DeVry university degree, too? Oh, let me guess, you're just pretending to be a fat fingered retard.
Woah, whites commit crime too!? I had no idea, anon! I'm so sorry, I've been wrong this entire time. I'm going to go down to my nearest metropolis and kiss some Jordans and apologize for the slavery that was blamed on whites but committed by a dense conglomerate of a certain class. It's the least that I can do, and I'm sure the reasonable, high-minded kings that I prostrate before will see my regret and sincerity with every wet print I leave on their faux-leather uppers. 
Thank you for showing me the light, anon! I can't believe I felt safer just because whites demonstrably commit less (especially violent) crime, are observably less cruel, and I won't be DISCRIMINATED against for the color of my skin! Good God, I should be make sure I'm always in a pool of at least 75% brown people, because whites are the reason anything has ever gone wrong in the history of the world!
no its the jews but in particular baal worshippers called christians, all white people worship satan which is better because his name is Samyaza but he is just a rehash of Abraxas or the fallen archon who rebelled against the Demiurge, it is better to worship Barbelo and Sophia along with Thoth-Hermes and Set-Typhon (set is Jesus)
If all white people worshiped the current incarnation of the Storm God/Idiot God, I'd do it too, just to avoid niggers. They are obviously the true demons of this world.
Rural white people are fucked because they can spot through your bullshit facades and always tell it like it is. As a bullshiter pussy I am food for them
Sounds comfy. I wish I still lived in bumfuck nowhere.
well, you sound like a hylic or rather psychical. you are busy fighting me because you think my race is demons, which is very true. but the definition of a demon is a guiding spirit, just let me rape you all day and destroy your racial lineage, we are the jews experiment and i proud to carry the torch to destroy your race to bring in the new world order
Shut the fuck up, niggerdemon. You'll never defeat the courage and beauty of the white spirit. God's chosen people have always been white, do your research. None of your -thurgy could possibly harm me, as I am one of God's chosen. 
I dare you to attempt to hex me, you fucking nigger. The Lord will imbue upon you a thousandfold whatever itch I feel from your retard-voodoo.
curses and prayers do not work, magick is only for the elites. in any event, i am only attracted to white people, and i DEMAND you rape and kill me to satisfy my masochistic cuck racism fetish im looking forward to being sacrificed unto Yahweh and his wife Asherah
you WILL fuck me and you WILL call me a nigger while inserting your musty white cock into my tapeworm parasite ridden anus after i consume gallons of deer blood and raw meat
No, satan, I won't. I am saving myself for a suitable white girl. 
Magic is for anyone with real balls and focus.You're a nigger, so obviously you can only grasp at the scraps of esoteric ideas, much like everything else your greasy race takes.
my pinworms is beautiful and contain DNA sequences that will corrupt your Aryan bloodline, you can piss in my mouth and it will filter through my liver which is a SPIRIT GATE that will open portals to the outer darkness and the archons shall consume you in total darkness and mindrape while i take advantage of your literal white rape fantasies and ascend jacobs ladder to the Monad
no, you want to rape black men and turn them in your sex slaves because i need you to inseminate me and turn me into a hieros gamos temple prostitute of Ishtar
Cute larp, but nothing will remove the stench of nigger from your existence. You know you're a shadow of real beings, a proto-human composed of ape and malice, cursed with tar skin and bug eyes. You are obviously a demon embodied in something shaped akin to a real human, but can never be one. You will never have power over me, you will never hold sway over me, and you will always be vile, forgettable filth.
made me horny, ill jerk off to this later
I mean, no nigger can resist the charms of a white person. I bet your fucking dark sausage was trembling and dribbling this whole time, you filthy fucking savage. Imagine if your lawn mower got a hard on everytime you sat on it, good God.
