wew lads, i didnt get that shiny obelisk but everything went better than expected and it was a lot of fun.
did anyone else open these 25th anniversary boxes? what did you anons pull?
also does anyone play  Goat format?
Nice bro, I've got 3 black luster soldiers in my deck.
Wizard here, my mom and aunt literally buy me those minikin blindbox things because I like novelties and gambling. It's been a while since I bought an MTG booster, but it was always fun and thrilling to open one. I kind of love that sort of stuff, it's a soft lottery where you don't really lose, but you can win. I never played much because I live in a remote area, but I liked collecting MTG cards for the artwork and such.
Never got big into the YGH card game, but when they released the cards stateside, my brother really liked the anime and my mom bought me a deck and my brother two decks (I pretended I was too mature for Yu-Gi-Oh! but had a lot of fun with it and basically watched it every time with my little brother) and we'd play in my bedroom during weekend afternoons. It was a lot of fun. 
Fast-forward to my brother having a hot wife, two children and a high income, while I'm getting drunk typing this in my parents' house after half-assing my menial shift all day. 
Just pulled this bad boy out of my most recent pack
I laughed
When the Beelzebub's seal was been untied , any enemy will been destroying at minute
God Dayum. 
How much does it cost in something that isn't chicom kangaroo dollars?
hmm thats one big rabbi
Fascinating, original pasta-roli.
i like MtG too but i never had any friends to play with so i just have 3 decks i built cause i enjoy the themes and the art. i also never had the attention span to follow the storyline with each release so its been a while since ive bought new packs.
heres my sliver queen, i got this like a decade ago when it was still affordable and ive built around it into whats probably my favorite deck. i just really enjoy the (older) artwork and the all for one legion for all theme.
Nice, bro. 
I bought my brother and I a pair of random decks for the nostalgia nearly ten years after the previous event I described, and we ended up using them during a lengthy power outage. Was a ton of fun.
