i might actually end up working fast food.
maybe kfc or mcdonalds.
take free food and never pay for groceries.
If you think you can clean up and keep up with the pace chickfila is easily the best one for resume building and learning workplace skills.
I hate women
I have consistently had negative experiences with women and it's only logical for me to not like them as a group
It's offset by my innate urge to be nice to be supportive of them and protect them from undue harm
So it just averages out to me feeling nothing towards women
Adults who still play video games are losers. 
I am 28 years old and I tried playing vidya recently and its boring and tedious compared to when I was a teen.
Anyone with a shred of maturity or real world ambition knows what I am talking about.
I have a lot of respect for people who work in fast food or hospitality or just customer service. I've tried to do it a couple times but didn't last long. Complete nightmare reality for a loser like me.
i fucking hate mcdonalds tho. kfc everyday is yummy but idk what that will do to me in the long run
my dad is in his 40s, happily married, financially successful, and still plays xbox daily
Imagine bragging about not playing video games on a weeaboo board specifically made for losers.
Not what the thread's about, tard.
And you. That sucks. The next best job after that's going to be a "real" restaurant. That'll suck even worse but for different reasons.
Its ok to play a few hours of games over the weekend as an adult but im 25 and my primary hobby is playing games, single player ones, on an expensive pc.
Can confirm that i am an utter failure and turboloser incel. Basedboys that play mario on a switch are less pathetic than me.
You'll never have a hot boyfriend anyway. What does it matter?
Not OP but I have about seven years of combined experience in fast food and retail. It's crazy how much my mental health improved once I moved on. Those environments really make you feel like you're worthless. They beat you down and make you believe that you're truly a part of some sort of servant class. When you leave they all try to seed doubt and convince you that you aren't capable of anything else. My store manager, who got promoted to district manager, called me five times offering an assistant manager position (that pays less than I make now) after I quit.
On top of the toxic culture the customers are unbelievable. The way people behaved never stopped surprising me. It makes you disgust everyone.
At the very least there were a few incredible people there that supported me. I hope they're doing well.
guess i'm working at chickfila
how will it suck worse and for what reasons?
this is a repulsive image. please delete it.
I didn't use an image.
Fine there ya happy? I was making a point
Either way, using unrelated images is stupid if they have an actual message or connotation
The fuck you on about, loser?
What did you move on to ?
