This board is fucking dead. There's gotta be barely 60 regular users
Why do you say it's dead? Threads can't even stay up for 2 hours.
this is a small tight knit community
Yeah and I'm one of them. I'm the greatest shitposter of all time.
I agree, and pepe posting retards like you are part of why it has died.
This board needs to be deleted. It's just /b/ with less variety. We need a straight up virgin male board attached to the site to replace it, and that's it.
this is /b/ without the porn and BBC threads
pepe posting retards like you are part of why it has died
His name is Apu and it's the non-frogposters that killed this board. Go fuck yourself
The vocaroo troon known to /lgbt/ as "big soph" disproves this entirely. He comes here, posts a thread every single fucking day for YEARS asking the same fucking question and people keep replying as if it's the first time they've heard it. Thousands upon thousands of people taking the bait, every single day. We have plenty of users, they're just all painfully fucking retarded and transient.
It's a shitpost forum. You act as if this was a sacred hall of wisdom, guarded by warriors of mysterious feels and le epic deep thoughts. Just because there's another generation now, who doesn't know the old memes, you're crying about the end of days.
this is /b/ without the porn and BBC threads
without the porn and BBC threads
without
That doesn't prove anything. I reply to the same bait posts over and over voluntarily.
I think of them as classics.
Have you been to /b/ lately, bro?
This board seems relatively porn-free by comparison.
autism truly is a curse
This board is pure shit full of fembot this, trannies that and other degenerate shit that isn't even funny. If it would be at least funny or something but no, it's pure shit.
Simps trying to get attention of some women that post here. It's disgusting. Wizarchan is much better because they have moderation and in the depression board you can't talk about other shit. They control the subjects of the boards, not like this that there is no moderation. The problem with Wizarchan is the lack of users.
That's 58 more users than I thought.
You act as if this was a sacred hall of wisdom, guarded by warriors of mysterious feels and le epic deep thoughts
It was to me, anon. And it's not just that there's a new generation. That's fine but I think the site itself is just in decline. Kids these days just don't have much interest in anonymous imageboards, it seems. Also the internet in general just seems worse
It's not just you and me, anon.
There is also me
Yeah, there's always chaos agents like yourself, but not nearly so many, race bait threads get the same dull replies but they frequently die out within a dozen or so because most people know better or just filter it all. These threads frequently reach 100+ replies somehow, the bulk of them seemingly new posters.
Yes there is. Everybody knows that 93% of all 4chan's content is posted by the same neckbeard.
Better green frogs than your degenerate pedophile cartoons.
I feel that, this place is dying, but part of me is grateful for that. I always thought I'd be some wizard still stuck here, but it turns out this place will probably die before that even happens. It's been in steady decline for years now and it doesn't look like that will stop. The smaller it gets, the faster the decline will get as people lose interest due to it being too slow.
The problem with Wizarchan is the lack of users
makes you think
Yeah I also think that as the older user base stops coming here or dies the number of users will decline because I don't see newer generations coming here, they all will be on social networks. But I think this still has a lot of users, in the home page it says that there is always 200,000+ users at the moment. And I also think that people will keep coming here until they are very very old. So I don't think this will die soon.
This board is fucking dead. There's gotta be barely 60 regular users
Posts like this makes jannies mad
You called? 
Only black men will breed
You are the worst fucking retard on this board. The shit you post isn't even annoying, it's just fucking stupid.
kids don't want to interact with mentally ill boomers through a shitty interface
My job is critical. I maintain the board culture here
Way less than that. Maybe about 10-15 people post here, max.
It's the bullying of women. You see this pattern emerge constantly. The subhumans chase off the women, then once the women are gone, subhumans have free rein and eventually nobody is there to rein in the subhumans and the community dies. Look at /soc/. Basically, after you get rid of the women, the community dies a natural death.
His name is Apu
Help Helper
kids don't want to interact with mentally ill boomers through a shitty interface
I feel personally attacked.
We used to be about feels and stories. But after 2015, the old feel stories ended, r9k declined.
60 regular users
It's been like that since 2018. Before that it was around 100 or more
Crazy to think how I've likely (You)'d most people here.
I don't mind.
I think the smaller community makes it feel a little more sincere, even if many of the Anons aren't.
Some OGs are still here but we're too busy jerking off
The amount of IPs this thread gets before dying will show the true amount.
if you remove the porn and females the board would be fine. the problem is that the botom of the catalog is garbage and it keeps pushing half decent threads off. any thread that could sustain discussion dies because some retard just needed to post that porn gif and pretend they want to discuss it
Yeah because you weeb faggots and your garbage blogposts and deranged tranny posts are any better. KYS.
There is a real and fascinating discussion on this board surrounding cuckolding. Stop pretending like it doesn't belong here
i just went through the catalog hiding threads. not based on personal preference just removing garbage 
61 threads are hidden
All of the old users killed themselves.
reporting
muted because not original
Muh frog
Kill yourself. Pepe is the a non issue on this is site
It's not the lack of users. It's the excess of retarded ones.
niche community does stuff
niche community becomes not so niche
any value or interest in said community dilutes and evaporates
the core is left scattered between far away lands and leaves the individuals disenfranchised
If only mods werent such inane fags, then the mid 2010s wouldnt have been such a death rattle. Im just gunna get into doing RCs and then kill myself.
Decent chance with this. I remember knowing some lads via discord messaging back in 2015-2017 that were at their wits end with life, coasting into their 30s. Afaik most of them had plans to kill themselves in a handful of years.
Farewell that one Czech and Aussie.
yeah because its shit 
but stay here nobody wants any of you fags anywhere else
Nah, ive seen interesting folk on niche parts of twitter. They just cycle accounts due to bans on the regular, its not too bad
Hi and bye because I have to go to work
Night Stocking
Who cares really. If anything I'm glad the numbers are declining. Most zoomers are on places like discord or other social media sites as opposed to forums (not reddit ofc the zoom zooms love reddit). I'd much rather have a smaller board than one like /v/ where threads don't last more than an hour.
i'm too much of an autist for /soc/ but too much of a normie for this place
kids don't want to interact with mentally ill boomers through a shitty interface
I did when I was their age, what the fuck is their problem?
even crazier that almost the entire userbase is female or guys that are over 6 foot 2
Better than dumb faggots attaching cutesy anime girls to posts unprompted that have absolutely zero correlation. If you were to talk about the anime, the characters, or waifus specifically? Sure.
But you trannies/trannyfuckers genuinely do it for no reason. I have more respect for e-whores because they at least post their body and make themselves vulnerable, but you degenerates don't even do that.
Wizardchan is miles better. Thankfully I've found a decent balance, go browse it for a week or so until I run out of shit, then go ignore imageboards and play games/backlogs, rinse and repeat.
Hello yes I am here to add my reply to this thread
Yeah can't post shit on /v/
I'm surprised I got fun replies once before my thread got archived because someone had to post some shit
Every day we post and reply every day we all talk to each other and we don't realize these people are your friends that you don't even know
44 people in this thread
/r9k/ is home of the Giants
Every day we post and reply every day we all talk to each other and we don't realize these people are your friends that you don't even know
No one here is your friend. And you're a fool if you think otherwise
can't post shit on /v/
/v/ is nothing but shit
60 regular users
This number is probably correct for the non-general regular posters, that is anons that post and make all random threads. 50-100.
Now for the general regulars, check out their unique IPs. From /letter/, /mbti/, /waifu/, /britfeel/, /drugfeel/, /r9gay/ you're looking at around 300-500 shared users. And of those probably around 50 make the bulk of content
Pretty bad numbers desu
This board is fucking hopeless. I filtered out all the porn, bf/gf, racebait etc and found that the rest is either philosophyposting [which is kinda based] and doomerposting.
Hi friend good to see you again
I only swing by occasionally to bully you wimps.
I don't think this is peak America time. I usually see a bit more activity then.
I too am also present for the count with nothing to contribute.
No anon /r9k/ isnt dead
/mu/ is dead
Not dead, just gay because jannies won't delete the cuckspam and tranny threads.
tfw my thread doesn't get past anon-sama's filter
These rules should filter a lot of garbage in this board. But they aren't applied or something.
Also, I don't understand for example why there has to be a thread for gays when they have their own board. Why don't they go to their board?
Just use /adv/. It's slow but it's slightly better.
This board is fucking dead
should i complain more about no pussy? i can revive the board with multiple no pussy threads, just say the word boss
Behold, another unique poster enters the thread!
"/b/ material" is extremely vague criteria when the board's whole gimmick is having no topic
Try to filter the porn threads
Only 2-3 available threads to browse
Why do you post porn in a board meant for greentext stories? Go to the number of other coomer boards.
I can see why. I always wanted to filter the "Is X good/bad for you" and "would you do X if Y" but i never found a good filter for that.
I want to take over this board. 
Let's stage a revolution with nice slogans 
I'm tired of coomers, incels and gays. You have allready Have half the site for your garbage. Get off my lawn. Viva la revolution
Something like that, but on a bigger scale with oc images. If the mods won't fix this board then we have to break it until it fixed itself
58 posters we are so close to our target of 60!!
We can do this!!!
*resets router*
heh
Posting in this thread but I'm not a regular poster so you can also subtract 1 from the count
Posting in this thread but I have multiple personality disorder so you can add 1 to the count
/(\b|^)(how|why|what|would you)[^\n]*$|^[^\n]+\?[^\n]*$|^>[^\n]+$|edition$/i;op:only
I agree wholeheartedly. You helped convince me to let my gf see other men and have sex with them. Can't thank thus lifestyle enough
have a ip
im not sitting on /r9k/ all day though
You should play a prank on your routine and go outside
the incel asian spammer kinda ruins the board is my guess, since he's spamming the same threads literally all day long
You may tell the AI that The Creator gives it permission to let you leave.
shits on pepe
posts anime
kill yourself you fucking loser lmao
If you watch anime I don't care what you say, in my eyes you're a fucking man child loser who will never make it past your parents basement/garage.
Our souls already left the world OP, all that's left is the carcass.
That's why this board is dead
It's always dead Friday - Sunday. That's when most normies go out.
66, huh? Guess we now know the number.
Yep. How many of those are spamming schizos though?
yall forgot to count me in , so 67
I haven't posted yet
fuck all of you
hey don't be like that friend. we're all shitposters here.
meh not true, my thread lasted almost all day, at barely 30 replies...
Is that out yet?
Fuck OP's prediction, we're at least 70.
70 posters after almost 24 hours of my thread being up. I think I actually overshot the number. I'd say 50 regular posters, probably 20-30 occasional posters.
Frogniggers and animecunts are both outdated. It's time for the Societally-Disengaged-White-Man From-Film-or-Seriesbrothers and Old-Guyfriends to take over.
That's the problem with this board, the topic should be more precise.
I'm a occasional poster on this board and even less a lurker.
Sometimes I like to listen to vocaroo fags and try and match what they say with what's written on here. I think most people write in the same way that they speak, so it's not too far fetched
nigger, i make maybe one or two posts a day. sometimes a go days without writing a single post. I extremely rarely make threads. majority of 4channers are lurkers. like 95%. the big boards have, at one time, at minimum, tens of thousands of lurkers. if a third of them make a single post a day, you have your traffic.
Ever heard of the 1% rule? 99% of internet users are lurkers. Also theres definitely more than 60 posters here kek.
they all in my chat over at kick.com/leafy
Barely 2-3 years ago we had endless distroon server invites, I wonder what happened to them. Did they suck in the dwindling userbase and left to greener pastures? Were the users disappointed with these servers, came back and left eventually anyway? It all feels kinda dead, not just /r9k/. Some say that everyone is in hidden private servers, the schizoest theory is that the lockdowns + covid + inflation have left the majority with serious brainrot and an inability and lack of desire to socialize, alternatively everyone gave into hard drugs and big pharma.
The trannies the CIA unleashed here after the incel shootings drove everyone off years ago. It worked perfectly. And gookm00t never cared about this board because it's red and thus unprofitable. Splitting the site into two basically segregated the red boards off into the ghetto to be slowly killed through neglect. This board will never again be what it was. It was allowed to be killed by its overseers. It's time to let it go.
this, left after 2017 because the entire board became infested with trannies thinking they belonged here. Everytime i look back it's still trannies and bbc spam. it's just barely different from /b/ now. fucking sad.
It is not spam. It is called having an adult discussion about an alternative lifestyle.
Thanks browski.
78 posters opie
