Shit like this makes me so jealous.
They probably also cuddle a lot. Something else you'll never experience
Why? This looks moronic. If I had a gf who did this kind of shit I'd be like what the fuck.
notice how the guy is sleeping and doesn't care about her anymore.
This is what post nut clarity does. After you actually get the woman and nut inside her, you get hit with a wave of "ok, anyways..." types of feelings.
You could have a 10/10 dream girl in your bed, but as soon as you actually complete the biological process, all you want to do is eat a snack, play some vidya, or go to sleep.
The mystique is completely gone.
makes me so jealous.
U wanna get assfucked by a negro?
This is your brain on vulnerable narcissism
hey jayquan pretend you're sleeping for this tiktok
oh its cool just stay on top of the covers with all your clothes on
hmm...
why is he sucking his thumb? does no one else see it?
Nah, you just have no soul.
how many drake fans follow snowbuns tikytok?
Wrong, I've been with lots of women and know that sex is meaningless outside of a loving relationship.
Out of all the women I've had sex with, I only truly enjoyed it with 2. My first high school GF, and the gf I dated for 4 years after high school. I loved both of them and they loved me, so the sex wasn't the primary factor. It was the connection.
This is shitlog bait but the irony is that she still isn't satisfied by his shitlog
Why do women squeeze their tits on tiktoks now? Why does nobody else notice it?
This guy is correct by the way and only guys who have little to no experience would agree. I barely get laid, I'm a failed normalfag, and I still don't really give a fuck past nut #2 unless I'm in love.
I hope that guy eventually beats this coalburner to death.
This probably sounds ridiculous to virgins but I 100% agree, once you've had sex a couple of times and you realize all of the strings that come attached with it, you realize it's literally nothing special and I'd rather just masturbate.
Christ, I prefer a girl that doesn't use social media. We can laugh about it together but sex life stuff isn't quirky silly stuff for everyone. Like why.
Same. Even Apu gets pink pussy.
Is that lowtiergod?
