Your hair looks lovely today, femcel.
No it doesn't. I went out with a friend for the first time in 9 months today and it looked fucking awful. It is down to my waist so I cant just put it in a clip, it wont fit. And it is wavy so when I brush it, it turns into a giant poofy mess. Literally cried over it and ended up fucking up my makeup as well. I will never leave the house again.
I'm not OP, but OP is a catch. If you miss out on him it's your loss.
That is really nice tho...
I would to brush it and give you head scratches.
And might I add, your posts are a little more positive and hopeful today also. I'm glad.
if you were a korean girl i would tell you the same thing as op, but i would really mean it
no he's not, you're just virtue signalling. truth is most people deserve to be where they are
I like it the way it is! You are very pretty that way.
Thank you.
OP is a well behaved young man and I can vouch for him. I man, look at those red cheeks, those choklets and those flowers? What more could a femanon ask for?
Oi, femanon, I'm bookmarking this thread. I hope something beautiful happens, and I hope I get invited to the wedding.
shut up op your honied dulcet tones mean nothing. i am so fucking greasy 
brushing curly / wavy hair is always a bad idea. get a wide toothed comb anon
Your hair still looks beautiful despite being greasy. It's what I like about you!
It really is a bad idea. 
If outside is humid or cold, my hair turns into a mess of frizz and big waves... 
As a man, I'm completely lost on what to do. I liked the idea of having long hair.
imo men always look better with long hair, but the decision is yours and if upkeep is easier short no one will hold it against you 
i will absorb you into the unforgiving stcky black forest of my luscious locks.
Let me wash, brush, and braid your hair
ty! i've been so afraid of middle parts because of my curly hair but i decided to try something new and i'm really glad you noticed :)
You are so cute, femcel!
I am glad to hear that!
you can try your best anon, but at my core i will always be a wretch.
femcels i hate you, cry.
Zoomer girls always have the most beautiful hair
I'd be glad to brush and gently touch a femanon's luscious locks.
Huh, did you draw that? It's really cute, I like it a lot. 
I'm sure you're nowhere near as bad as you think you are.
God I fucking love brushing a girls hair! It's so comfy.
i havent washed it in 3 weeks
my ass hair? wat
Would you allow me to wash it and brush it etc?
Agreed, anon. I used to brush my ex's hair and massage her shoulders and kiss the back of her neck. Was peak comfy. tfw you will never get to do that again
i don't want ugly moids to compliment me
No one was talking to you, sweatie
Too bad. You are looking quite lovely today, femanon. I like what you did with your hair
Tough. You're getting compliments whether or not you like it or not, you gorgeous queen you.
all girls think this way, not just me
Would you feel better if I paid you as well? even if I am fat + balding (in my late 20s).
I wish women liked men with long hair. I know my long hair looks like shit but I like it anyway and refuse to cut it. But that means one more reason added to the pile of reasons women will never want me
Its alright you hate me femanon, i still like you
Don't worry, I already know. I've never complimented a woman once in my entire life
You WILL get complimented by ugly moids!
Yeah they usually prefer it short in day to day life, even if they pretend they like long haired guys they're just thinking of Jason Momoa or 90s Brad Pitt or whatever. I have a full head of hair but keep it short because it's messy and gets in the way long, and can't be bothered to deal with that.
That's not true I remember every single compliment I've ever received.
Sometimes I don't give compliments to make other people feel good. I do it because it makes me happy to notice beauty, and I want to express it.
You seem bitter, but I'm sure you're capable of great beauty. Maybe it's in your bleary-eyed wincing at the morning sun; maybe it's in your passionate speech on your dorky yet beloved hobby; maybe it's in your laugh at a stray, indescribable thought. But it's there, someone has noticed it, and more will in the future.
You're beautiful, anon.
well yes, if you want my attention yes. but i'm still not dating an ugly moid
i don't hate u, i just think when men compliment, they usually wanna ask out and i have no interest in dating ugly moids
lol based
as long as you don't ask me out
yea but if an ugly guy asked you out you'd say no
thanks, im ugly tho
No it's not, it's depressing.
thank you... i should really take a shower.
latey i've peen putting my hair in twintails and braids. no one sees but it makes me feel pretty.
ok, miss isreallie spy
Finding beauty in your fellow man is important. Perhaps you should look for it in others to help you find your own?
Will you tell me one? Your favourite, or most recent?
Take a shower, anon. If not for yourself, then for me. And I'm sure your hair looks very pretty. Do you experiment with different styles, or stick with a few you like?
i think if i was an ugly guy, i'd never simp for girls especially if i was blackpilled
-_-
maybe
okay! i'll shower after some breakfast.
I used to cut my hair a little below the chin and didn't do much with it, but i've been growing it out. it's gotten past my shoulders and i enjoy trying new styles!
Definitely.
Good, I'm proud of you. Let me know when you have, ok? And, if you have the time, do something nice with your hair today, something new. Feel pretty. You deserve to.
I don't want to simp. I'd just like to be able to compliment a girl and have her be happy for it. Like I'd want to compliment a girl and see her smile. But I know I'm too ugly for that
You really think so? But I haven't cut it in 3 years because of depression... It's full of split ends.
Anon... I just woke up and haven't washed or brushed my hair in 3 days...
I don't believe you, but thanks anon. you smell really good too &lt;3
Do not brush your hair when it is dry
I have the same type of hair. You only want to brush it when it's wet and then leave it alone, that'll avoid it from becoming super puffy and frizzy
Would you like to have it cut? What would it take to get you to a hairdresser? Want me to hold your hand the whole time and whisper sweet reassurances to you?
i think as a girl, i see unattractive guys who compliment me as automatic simps
Personally, I would consider simping to be being overly nice to and spending money on a woman that isn't interested in you at all. I don't really see what looks have to do with it.
idk if a guy is nice to me about my appearance and he's ugly it'll always be one sided
I can kind of see where you're coming from. Like if they're only complimenting you expecting some kind of reciprocation or trying to endear themselves to you in hopes of a relationship or whatever. For me, I'd just like to be able to compliment someone to maybe make them feel better about themselves. But with the way I look, they'd probably think I have some kind of ulterior motive or think badly of me like you would lol. Such is life
das what i mean, anon. if i was an ugly guy, i would just save my compliments, time, money and love for my family. i wouldn't even bother with girls. even myself, the way i've subconsciously treated ugly guys has always been horrible but i think it's just natural. sexuality is amoral, it's no one's fault. trust me, there were ugly guys i WISH i could've been attracted to, just amazing all around guys suffering with eternal loneliness. it sucks
no it doesnt shut up scrote
stop gaslighting me
Yeah... That would work, I got made fun of the last time I went, cause my hair was ruined by not getting cut for a long time and the hairdresser was struggling to untangle it, so after that I just got too scared to get it cut, if I could have someone with me it'd be easier.
I'm sorry, that must've been very difficult. Obviously I can't really be there to help you through it, but I would if I could. The thing is, the hair cut will end. It'll be over, and you'll look in the mirror and feel oh-so-pretty, and that brief experience will be but a blip, a tiny bump in the road.
And this time, you'll take better care of your hair so the next time won't be so hard. Even if you get depressed, even if you feel sad, you'll take some time at least once a week to take care of your hair. You might ask how, how can I do this? I couldn't last time, look at where I am now. You'll do it because this time you'll promise me that you will, and that you won't go so long without having it cut. You'll think how pleased it'll make this random anon to know that you're happier, and that you feel beautiful, as you should.
Take care of yourself, anon. You deserve it.
if i was an ugly guy, i would just save my compliments, time, money and love for my family
Eh, not close enough with most of my family for all that. I mean, I try with my siblings but they're all getting older and would rather spend time with their friends instead of me, which I get. 
i wouldn't even bother with girls
I wish that was an option lol. I don't bother a lot of the time because things usually don't work out but I'm still human, I'm still a man, I can't just get rid of the urge to try and pursue women. I'm always compelled to try again eventually. It fucking sucks
Yeah, it is what it is. We're still animals at the end of the day, I get that. There's only so much we can do to work against our natural feelings and instincts. I don't hold it against you or anything. It's just life
favorite
My favorite one is from 7 years ago when a girl complimented me on having nice cheekbones. Very oddly specific which is why I like it.
recent
A cab driver who was a much older man told me I was beautiful, I could tell he wasn't being creepy.
I understand what you're saying ITT, that accepting compliments can be cruel sometimes to the other person if it's coming from romantic interest, but when a compliment comes from a sincere place it really is nice.
This thread is great just like femanon's hair today!
Thank you so much Anon, your reply made me cry honestly, you're a really sweet person and I wish the best for you as well, you too deserve it. 
I have so much admiration for people like you that manage to stay positive and kind regardless of how poorly life treats them, we'll both make it one day! ^.^
You are lucky to have such beautiful hair without trying!
Life is hard, and I often find myself in a bad place struggling to make it better. But I try to remain positive, and I just want others to be happy. I wish you all the best in the world.
Specific compliments are where it's at, makes them seem more sincere.
I know brushing hair can be annoying as fuck because I have sisters, but I do like long hair, so know that at least some dudes are into whatever you're struggling with
This is a nice thread. You guys are cute.
Aw, thank you. It's my hugo boss deoderant.
femanons how do i get luscious hair? my hair is long but its not shiny
based
Yep, it took me by so much surprise that I just gawked stupidly and couldn't respond at all. I still get red thinking about it, it was just very nice. I can understand girls not wanting to get compliments but all the compliments I've gotten were never flirty so maybe it's why I appreciate them so much because they were just being kind. They really make me smile. :-)
That's really all we can do, we just have to keep fighting so that one day we too can obtain happiness, i'd give you a hug if i could Anon, it's because of people like you that i haven't stopped posting on r9k.
my bf just finished fucking my brains out so my hair is messy as fuck again. sigh
Thank you anon i need to get a hair cut been a hot minute
