Femanons, what goes through your mind when you see decent or good-looking trannies?
most people have never actually seen a tranuloma in real life they are less than 0.01% of the population. ive personally never seen one in 30 years of city living.
I've seen at least 4 and I live in a conservative part of my country.
thats because most transsexuals are conservative religious men hiding from themselves. still only 0.01% of the population. if you've ever seen one, you were searching them out ot have gay trans sex with them
"damn their filter game is pretty strong"
They are all freaks to me there are no "good ones" or "real trannies" chris chan is the same to me as blair white
if you've ever seen one, you were searching them out ot have gay trans sex with them
I saw 3 at work and 1 was in a class with me at uni. Also, while the area I live is conservative, it is not very religious.
Very telling how your example of a good passing tranny is blaire white, tell me you are a rightard without telling me you are a rightard.
if its not religious its not conservative, retard. religion is the backbone of all conservatism everywhere. its just irl larpers
You don't think trans people can look good in real life?
No.
1278932
Maybe in the US. My entire country is fairly irreligious.
when you see decent or good-looking trannies?
when?
I don't see any if i ever go out. Even if i wouldn't look at them I don't care
You've seen them online right?
Yea that's fair. All i think when i see on is damn they have a shit ton of money
what goes through your mind when you see decent or good-looking trannies?
I've only seen non ugly ones online. The only ones I ever saw irl were hideous, and I did have to work alongside a lot of them in the past and operated at a lot of lgbt events where they frequented
This has led me to conclude the ones who look good are heavily reliant on filters and editing
lmao do christcucks really believe this
most modern religions have the explicit purpose of replacing people time honoured traditions and replacing it will willing servitude
I've only seen non ugly ones online
And there's a reason for that.
Let me guess those good looking trannies were in photoshoots or set up videos. Prepared beforehand with make up, only shown from certain angles, etc?
In person you could tell that something with them is off.
You probably wouldn't immediately be able to tell that it's a man, but after a while you could.
There are no passing trannies irl unless you're drunk or on drugs.
If you're drunk/high enough, fresh roadkill becomes passing.
not the anon you were replying to, but yea even the OP pic >>73041395 (OP) is a great example of this. its like every possible thing is going in their favour to diminish the impact of their hands, face, shoulders, and waist line. Its the equivalent to seeing someone who looks interesting from far away at a glance, then realizing they're actually just average or ugly close up.
Another question:
Femanons, what goes through your head when you see decent or good-looking femboys? I'm talking the ones that are clearly male, but have a bigger ass and wider hips than you.
This looks like a man trying to look like a pretty woman.
It's like a cheap off brand at the grocery store that's trying to convince me that it's "real" Coca Cola.
No, this isn't a good look. When trannies don't look frail and disease they look like they have an upsetting amount of cognitive dissonance.
I imagine the same thing that goes through their mind when they see Bigfoot.
if a woman had scales it would be a snake
If you truly believe that not a single trans woman on the planet is good looking, then you are so brainwashed with bias that you incapable of being rational when discussing anything related to trans people.
Who else am I supposed to name the Bud Light tranny???? Trannies are fringe freaks they aren't normal
I don't understand this hate from someone that posts on r9k. You're also a freak to normalfags.
Do you guys think your a threat to women or even compete in the same game? 
Women casually win
"trannies can look good" uses the most mediocre examples to prove it, and even then the few trannies that do look "good" are almost always behind filters or only show from a very certain and specific angle, for example in the image op linked you can only see the troons nose
conservative religious men hiding from themselves
why is their this big trend of pretending that conservatives are secretly gay?
I feel like ever since that one homophobic Hungarian politician was outed as being gay, everyones been acting as if every homophone and transphobe is secretly gay and trans
if i go into a random walmart the two trannies you linked will look better than 99% of the people there. do you know what most people look like?
Cope
You say I disgust you, but secretly you want to fuck me
Not unusual among women too.
Look for "AKSHUALLY all Republicans want to date me" Cortez for example
could clock OPs tranny before I even read the text that confirmed it.
Broad, Man shoulders. Hips too thin. Man hands. Man legs and knees. YWNBAW.
trannys are gay as fuck.
You are consistently speaking so confidently when you have 0 reason to be.
Mental illness, troubling past. Anger issues and money. Overall resentment towards naturally born women/their peers and parents being weird bullies. Just tired of them really.
I have exes who have dressed similarly to me in private for fun but that's totally different than saying you're a woman. It irritates me that just because someone I'm dating has a higher pitched voice others will single him out of weird jealousy because we are beautiful people.
kinda based desu
The only 2 times I've seen trannies irl was when I ran away from home and they were at a bus stop whoring they're gross Man looking asses out and when I worked overnight in a warehouse where a disgusting subhuman tranny that everyone hated and was disgusted by existed
And there's a reason for that. 
Yes, as you can see that is why I said:
This has led me to conclude the ones who look good are heavily reliant on filters and editing
Also to add: I think people get confused by terms like "passing" or "good looking" etc because it implies they don't look noticeably masculine. Like, presumably OP posted 
There is still something distinguishably male about the facial structure. You can especially see when he tilts his head downwards. Sure you might think he was a woman but you'd think he was a very masculine one. They can technically sometimes *pass for manly women* only because some naturally very masculine-faced women exist in the world. They will never pass for feminine women, which is what they want, because when you look at what they idealize, it's always very feminine faced women.
Honestly I feel very bad for naturally masculine faced women, imagine being an actual woman and people wonder if you're a troon.
