don't let all the psyops on this board distract us from our potential. be the potential you want to see in the world. don't let a few subhumans let you think an entire gender is horrible.
Don't let OP gaslight you anons, it's over.
If roasties weren't horrible everyone here would be busy cuddling with their gfs instead of being angry at roasties. QED.
If you want roastie acceptance you have to find girlfriends for the anons on this board. If you aren't willing or able to do that then fuck off.
Having established that it's over, why continue circlejerking over how over it is?
Having established you're not an incel, why are you here and not fucking off?
It was never 4chan that made me hate moids it was real life kek
But anon, I am one of the subhumans
I'm a 33 year old virgin. You either find some copes or kill yourself.
but have you considered that maybe it's not the "roasties", its you? can't imagine a lot of women wanting to date someone who calls women "roasties" online lul
Don't let FP gaslight you anons
I have a box of Nerf guns and a wife right now
It gets better
sneed, femoid
you two need to get some fucking nerf guns asap and battle it out
imagine an incel and a femcel shooting nerf gun each other and bantering in blackpill lingo
"stinky femcel!!!"
"dumb moid!!!"
Remember to get your kid paternity tested if you have one.
The percentage of men who falsely believe they are the father of their children is as high as 30% depending on the studies.
https://jech.bmj.com/content/59/9/749
Also 70% of divorces are initiated by women so that's another thing to look out for.
You can probably manage to have a good relationship with a woman, but only if you're careful.
my man is trying to debate lord this man into not getting into nerf battles with his wife lol
I'm just giving anons the facts so they aren't taken advantage of.
Having a wife is fine if you're careful.
Women are retarded, and if you can't control one, you are also retarded. Stop worrying that you are retarded and let me Nerf battle my wife.
