Normalfags really believe this shit.
"don't rely on external validation"
"Believe in yourself"
Oh okay Mr Normalfag. If external validation means nothing, you wouldn't mind becoming a 4ft balding indian man right?
You're racist!!!
WOULD YA' BE A 4FT INDIAN MAN?
N...no.
WHY NOT
Because life would be hell.
Right. And you think "believing in yourself" can fix that?
n... No...
Gotcha normal faggots. External validation is EVERYTHING.
Reality:
WOULD YA' BE A 4FT INDIAN MAN?
I know this 3'11 Bangladeshi gutter cleaner who has dated multiple supermodels. 
I'm not some bitter loser who needs to be 6'5 and have a chiseled jaw to pull women
I'm done talking to you, racist!
black and white fallacy.
"don't rely on external validation" =/= "external validation is not important at all."
They mean to to say have some iota of self-worth and don't build your entire self-image on the number of instagram followers you have.
Shave your head, get in great shape, and work towards a high-paying, stable job.
This is an achievable goal if you unironically just believe in yourself. Being short and Indian alone isn't some death sentence. And external validation actually doesn't really matter. Only your conception of yourself does.
Gotcha normal faggots. External validation is EVERYTHING.
So because people don't want to accept a straight downgrade with no upside, you think they're all magically hypocrites? External validation is like food. You need a certain amount to survive. Too much will make you fat. If you don't have and there's no hope of getting, just kill yourself instead of wasting the time and energy of people who actually enjoy their lives.
The only faggots saying "ignore everything the outside world tells you" are literal fucking autistic retards here on 4chan. Anyone with even a tiny bit of common sense knows you need to take into account your surroundings in order to survive.
Yeah, but actually applying common sense to advice and figuring out how to make it work is impossible for autists. For some reason these mentally superior beings are unable to complete their most basic biological imperative without step by step coaching from us lesser beings, and even then they still fuck it up.
Yeah no shit. That's why the ones proud to be vain mental cripples are usually mentally ill neets living off of welfare lmfao. They'll start the ass-burgian reich any day now, once they work up the courage and stamina to open the basement door...
Even fucking animals instinctively know they need to pay attention to their surroundings so they don't get fucking eaten. How can you call yourself """superior""" when even a literal fucking INSECT does a better job of this?
That's not how humans are biologically programmed to live. We evolved in tribes where everyone took care of each other.
Autists are acutely, painfully aware of their surroundings at all times. It's part of what's wrong with them - the extra, entirely arbitrary sensory data blots out vital social functions like empathy and compassion. Autits are literally too busy screaming internally about the carrots touching the peas (or whatever is triggering them at any given moment) that they're unable to pay attention to the most important thing in any human life - other humans. They seek refuge from the pain their senses cause them in bland, same-y routine and comfortable, abstract obsessions that allow them to feel competent and valuable without ever actually producing anything of value to anything else. Autists are one of the mental illnesses where sufferers should be constantly monitored and offered assisted suicide if like becomes too much to handle.
Yeah rape your tribemate, steal their shit, and offer nothing of value while being another useless mouth to feed and see how """accepting""" they are.
small ass butt really cute ass
Are you a 4 ft tall Indian man?
hellp OP here, I am a 4ft Indian man!
Most of the self-diagnosed and a significant amount diagnosed autistic cases (it's the late millenial/zoomerfaggot ADHD) I've seen are just faggots that want an excuse to act like an absolute cunt in public and face no consequences. They use their condition (they decide whether it's a disability or a superpower based on which will give them bennies in a given situation, so they are high functioning enough to read social context) as a cudgel to silence any warranted criticism from people who are rightfully creeped out by their deviant behavior.
Most of the self-diagnosed and a significant amount diagnosed autistic cases (it's the late millenial/zoomerfaggot ADHD) I've seen are just faggots that want an excuse to act like an absolute cunt in public and face no consequences.
ButI think we can agree there's nothing lost if a few of those get euthanized with he real autists, right? That's one of the huge benefits to incel population control. Not only do you reduce suffering but you also reduce competition, thus preventing incels in the future.
They use their condition (they decide whether it's a disability or a superpower based on which will give them bennies in a given situation, so they are high functioning enough to read social context) as a cudgel to silence any warranted criticism from people who are rightfully creeped out by their deviant behavior.
You're making a classic NT mistake and assuming autists typically have a theory of mind. They don't actually care what anyone thinks of them, they're just so terrified of the social consequences of fucking up that instead of just getting gud they try and change the rules so that people with social birth defects can somehow engage in society.
why are you saging here let me help you
No, I don't need anyone's help. I want the satisfaction of my work all to myself.
They don't care what others think, but they do care that they themselves benefit regardless of what others think.
Being autistic means that your brain is literally wired differently than that of normal people. It's not something you have any control over.
You have control over filtering out impulses and making decisions, no? Most self-ID'd autistic faggots simply use the label as an excuse for being too lazy or stupid to meet minimum standards. If you want to participate in society, you need to play by certain rules, simple as.
You have control over filtering out impulses and making decisions, no?
If you're autistic, no. Because your brain does not work the same way everyone else's does. You literally do not think the same way normal people do.
