<comment>
I don't mean "weird and wacky".
I won't mean surreal postmodern zoomer humor.
Like you literally can't make sense of it.
You have absolutely no idea what it is or why somebody would create it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaKExoqVrIg [Embed]
Okay, so... we have a song of some kind.
It's a weird half sung half rapped song in Russian, but they keep using words like "chiquita" which is a Spanish word.
The shoot for this music video takes place in a 100 square foot area that looks like a photo booth at Disneyland.
The most "logic" (there isn't much) seems to be that "Avgustina" is some kind of up and coming musician.
They wanted to create a big summer smash hit, and they approached this very literally by making it summer themed and filming it at a beach resort. But because these people are idiots, they just got a plastic dollhouse and put some potted palm plants in front of it.
The other girls that you see are supposed to be "hot babes" that you would see in a big american music video, but it just looks like they found the 5 nearest girls at the local 7/11. I can't confirm or deny that all or any of these girls are actually over 18.
I love shit like this.
I can't even really tell you why, but there's something I absolutely love about seeing things like this and just knowing that some human being somewhere thought it made sense and uploaded it to the internet.
Feel free to post weird things like this below.
<comment>
the whole thing is in spanish in a very heavy russian accent, the thing she keeps saying literaly means "go away, little boy, this is my little mushroom". Yeah it makes no sense to me either.
I don't mean "weird and wacky".
I won't mean surreal postmodern zoomer humor
agree there too, its creepy in a mildly pedophilic way, which isnt how intentionally weird creepy shit is typically made.
<comment>
agree there too, its creepy in a mildly pedophilic way
uh okay that might be it
I might have stumbled upon a guy peddling softcore porn of teenagers "dancing" in bikinis
<comment>
softcore porn of teenagers "dancing" in bikinis
anyone could get shit 1000x harder than that by just stalking highschooler's instagram apges
t.zoomfag
also what made it pedofilic was the fact they where dancing like that arround a child, try watching the other music videos she has there might be more context in those
<comment>
On Usenet in the 90s there used to pop up randomly titled posts that would just be a jumble of English words.
Like:
Elevator fox tape tree fly twelve tyrannosaurus vintage endocrine night look variance
It would go on like that and be split into paragraphs like it had meaning.
I assumed it was some kind of hacker code talk or something, I never figured it out
<comment>
Your right op definitely a glitch in the matrix here.
<comment>
I'm getting human trafficking vibes. Fuck this shit.
Here's a rare one, enjoy the nightmares.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdy1kGfMpXo [Embed]
