On a scale of 1 to 10 how fucked am I?
Your dumb
At least one of us can spell, retard.
Surely you have some blackmail material on her to defend yourself right?
This board is only for people 18 and up. Please return in a few years, faggot.
I can guarantee your dad has been caught jerking it in his room at some point in his life. If he doesn't hate you for some reason he'd tell your sister to remember to knock and not bring it up again.
No, my sister is a sweet girl, hence my attraction to her
I'm 20 and she's 18
No, it was in her room, not mine
Pack your bags I have no sympathy for you, retard.
She was supposed to be gone all day and I'd never get another opportunity to. It smells like her in there and it makes me super hard.
Yeah, I really bet it'll be shocking to learn that a 20 year old guy jerks off.
Are you fuckers living in some extreme Mormon sect or some shit? What the actual fuck is wrong with you and your family?
Anon was jerking on his sister's room
Oh.
Lmao. Tell your dad that your sister is full of shit and then rape her tonight as punishment for being a snitch.
Correct. I was on her bed. I felt high while doing it. I love my sister's smell.
oh that's so bad
that's the stuff it feeds on
I'd never rape my sister. She's sweet and I really just want to love and hold her. I hate being related to her. I want to knock her up but our kid would be retarded.
Well you're a turboretard then, a monkey unable to control himself, just accept the punishment and move on, not like a faggot though, if you justify yourself long enough you might be able to convince someone
What does this mean? Oreganolly
You'd understand if you were around her. She's so nice to me and smells like flowers
typical male
how are men allowed human rights?
I just love my sister a lot. I feel kinda guilty about it buts it's not like I want to hurt her. Although I think my waifu hayes me now. I guess I can't blame her.
learn to control your attraction to her. it's seriously fucked up that you decided to act out on those kinds of feelings - you don't know how that's going to affect her at all and it's fucking gross that you'd even think to go into her room to do that.
that's no longer a safe room for her, it's a room where she's vulnerable to you and it's your fucking fault. you're sick, get help.
I don't understand. She wasn't supposed to see, that was an accident. I just want my lovely littke sissy to be my wife. I know she can't but can't I have fantasies?
How can you love your sisters smell?
I never thought my sisters smell was ever pleasant unless you're referring to the soap she uses to clean herself.
I doubt it. It takes a lot of inbreeding and fundamentally bad genes for incest to start fucking people up. But yeah, go rape your sister, she needs to learn.
She has good taste in perfume. I want to kiss her cute little face.
You're such a milquetoast, reactive faggot. Are you sure you're not a tranny? His sister will fucking get over it.
it doesn't fucking matter that she saw, it definitely makes it worse, but it's horrible that you'd do that in the first place.
i get being attracted to someone you really shouldn't be attracted to, but that's where you need to control yourself. the problem isn't just that you got caught, but also that you were acting out on those urges in the first place. she's your SISTER for fuck sake. you're supposed to be an older brother who's there for her, not a creep who secretly gets off to her just existing.
this is the kind of thing that breaks up a family bro. keep fantasies as fantasies, but if they're too much to keep at bay, then you need to talk to a therapist about it. it's not normal to want to jack off to your sister, at all. i don't know how to make you understand that this is exactly the kind of thing that gives women issues for life - having someone you trust think about you like that is so shitty to experience. it isn't worth fucking up your sister's mental health just so you can fulfill your fantasy.
eat shit. you don't know what it's like trying to get over shit like this.
My sister found gay porn I downloaded on a family laptop and not much happened. You'll be fine
If it makes you feel better this story is fake.
nigger up the street talks about fondling his cousin's boobs. i fucking hate this place. they are so ugly.
i really hope it is. i'm tired of seeing people getting violated by men they trust like this.
it's genuinely a hard thing to deal with to see something like that. i'm not lying when i say that thing fucks people up mentally. it's horrible.
these guys who liked me would call me sis or bro and now i am insane
When you rearrange the letters of SISTER it spells RESIST.
It's your word against her, champ. Deny at every turn. Just never do it again.
That all depends on how based your dad is
Ask her with lot of flattery about how much of a beautiful and wonderful girl she's to not tell him and beg her for forgiveness. 
Women are weak to flattery
You think dad cares?
3 tops.
She's sweet and I really just want to love and hold her
Aw, that's cute. I can relate.
Wait, what?
I am OP nigga. I made this story up because I thought it'd be funny but the thread died.
You eat shit, you weak-minded fucking pussy. Get the fuck over your make-believe "trauma".
0 you are not fucked at all you just masturbate like a degenerate 
But apart from that you pretty much ruined the family relationship now your sister is probably creeped out by you and your dad is disappointed in you
You should rope. No other options.
I already said it was fake!
My older bro did something similar. I didn't rat on him though I blackmailed him to do what I wanted.
This sounds like roleplaying online your fantasy more than something real
I'm fucking board. Post more Diana (see OPs picrel)
Just watch little witch academia
please tell us moar
