be me
asexual
everyone on 4chan losing their fucking minds over not getting pussy
I'm just chilling
so glad I don't have to deal with that shit
At what age did you start taking SSRIs anon?
cope and seethe my friend. even if this was caused by some external factor, I much prefer it to whatever the fuck you all have going on
Do you still feel desire to find someone romantically?
can't say i do. everyone i know describes it as feeling something is "missing" from their lives but i have never felt such a thing
Don't judge me. I need something to lose my mind to
have you tried opium?
I think I might be asexual as well. I do like intimacy and companionship and I like it a lot.
I was still a virgin in my late 20s because I never tried to "close" with woman and was fine just kissing and doing some foreplay every couple of years. The thing is that being virgin and so old was starting to get to me so I hired a hooker and lost it. Very underwhelming experience. It's good that I finally stopped caring about it.
Makes me wonder how normies feel because I have a friend who wants to fuck 24/7 and all he does is work and try to get pussy.
No, I haven't. That sounds dangerous
I agree that it is very liberating and probably saved me from a lot of self-hatred and such, though I am just a little curious what it's like to feel "love." This kind of super magical experience (although probably a bit dramatized) that has such a big presence in all forms of media leaves me wondering.
I feel the same anon. well put. this board still is better company then real life thoughs.
Most people here aren't losing their minds over pussy, it is about intimacy and love. Most of us are touch starved and have no one in our lives at all. I know for me I literally don't have a single friend. A gf is just the apex of that, which is why we're all obsessed with getting one.
And yet you're still posting frog garbage, and are barely distinguishable from a bot. Can't you just go comb your ass hair and sniff your own farts for a few more hours instead of posting here?
