Funny blackpill most don't realise:
The agepill is proof the blackpill is real
Think of any middleaged gray man. Has more life experience and intelligence and charisma than most young men. "charisma"
And he keeps spouting the same shit 
oof if I were young again. the sheer amount of PUSSY I would get with the mind I got now, I am no longer a naive bastard
So.... did you just say. that your old looks are stopping you from getting pussy? What excuse do you have then, that your old looks are sooo much worse, than my ugly looks for example, in not being able to get pussy?
It's ALL looks. And you look old. And I look ugly. Women no longer look at you but that doesn't give them any reason anymore to look at me. You, with all your personality, life experience, game, wisdom, experience with women, can't do this to bag a young stacy because in her eyes you are a grandpa and will come across as a creep pedo, just as I, an ugly person, will come off as a sexual harrasment criminal for hitting on her
men peak in attractiveness at 17
The satanpill proves that incels can ascend by fucking prostitutes. Just be yourself and coom to your heart's content.
I agree. People say women age like shit and men like wine, men age slightly better because women wrinkle more easily because their bodies are more frail, but oldness is still unnatractive, men age like shit aswell. Women can see an old man and this is only proof of what their ovaries choose, they want fertility and strenght, an old man might be handsome but they will hate him because he is old, never fuck him. Oldness is extremely unnatractive
women go for attractive older men all the time though. for example, i was in a lecture where the professor was around 40-45, and literally every girl in there had a crush on him. he had nice looks and a lot of charisma because he was also a theatre actor.
sure, looks are important, but if you have good looks, there is no "agepill" before age 60 or so.
the ideal and natural scenario is having a slightly older financial bf who you never have sex with, and a toyboy sexual bf who impregnates your and who you can have lots of hot horny sex with
When have you ever saw a young guy with the charisma of an older guy though? it doesn't ever work, some things you can't fake. Some men can pass this barrier like the example you posted but they are rare as fuck, i would bet everything the guy you told me about has full head of hair and is at least 6 feet tal, won't mention the chin
why do moids act like it's a surprise that women dont wanna bang ugly men????
women are attracted to attractive people
this is not a fucking blackpill you retards this is just life
thats not genuine attraction, its daddy issues and insecurity. no woman finds older men physically attractive, they are only attractive from a safety net and betabux point of view to insecure women. nobody actually wants to have sex with them, dumb moid. makes zero biological sense to want to have kids with a moid whose sperm is retard baby soup
Men age like wine is not a meme because women are attracted to POWER AND RESOURCES and most men keep those on an upward trajectory. Well, they used to until the last few decades, when the State decided to supplant itself in place of men
I know a few in their late 20's or around 30, but they're always musicians. 
I don't think it was daddy issues for every single girl who found him attractive. he was just attractive, and approachable too. he made an effort for every student, which is rare.
Youre switching things up faggot, blackpill doesnt imply women arent atrracted or are only attracted to attractive men, but rather that without being attractive physically as a man, you can't and won't get laid. Such a simple fucking concept and you fuck it up
When have you ever saw a young guy with the charisma of an older guy though
All the time kek. Superficial charm and glibness is an attractive adolescent male trait. Charisma is ugly moid cope anyway. Most old guys are boring and homely as shit.
Fine wine bros, not like this :(
implying girls still won't prefer him over the average guy who has weak bone structure
Assuming no significant balding, men's looks peak in their mid 20s. The problem is they're wagecucking hard at this time.
t. past his primecel
no woman finds older men physically attractive
Tell yourself that, zoomie
His balding isn't noticeable when he grew his hair out.
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cot_fyCO5I2/?hl=en
You faggots really think the pills are real. LOL, go out in the real world and meet women. I laugh at you Incels for thinking all this pill shit is real.
that's the same fucking thing you retard. congrats, socrates, you've stumbled onto the literal most basic tenet of human nature- if you're not hot enough to get laid, you wont get laid
i read this board and i think it would indeed be very hard to pick just one reason to dislike these people
No, the ideal and natural scenario is for you to be a sex slave and breeder, not allowed to learn to read or peruse anything other than learning how to keep yourself pretty for me for as long as possible, because as soon as you're not, you'll be executed and discarded like the trash you are. That's the natural order of things.
