playing video games are the absolute worst loser habit you can have
hours and hours spent chasing a small and meaningless dopamine high
video games make you a bottom tier subhuman
get a real hobby like music or art instead of putting in so much effort for worthless pixels
You sound underaged, op. Did you get bullied?
you are insane op
go back to /pol/
not being into videogames is worse cause you're incredibly low iq and have a short attention span to get into anything slightly productive
t. vidya not-player
There are good games and bad games. Personally, I like playing good games and dislike playing bad games. I have not noticed any issues arising from my preference.
ISHYGDDT
Literally everyone does this in some form or another unless you're a massive sperg.
I play games usually when I just want to experience something outside my norm. I like games that are immediately immersive not games that have you chasing a carrot on a stick. 
I play games like red dead and just experience them I don't remotely care about "beating" the game or completing missions. It provides a nice little escape and change of gear for my brain.
video games are the only places i can make friends because people like you shame me for what i like.
every time i see someone say anything like this you push me further away from wanting to be like you.
what if I told you a video game helped me learn programming and how to play guitar better also everyone has a thing that they shut their brains off to relax (watching sports/movies/TV, listening to music) why are video games different in moderation
watching movies/TV are the absolute worst loser habit you can have
hours and hours spent chasing a small and meaningless dopamine high
movies/TV make you a bottom tier subhuman
get a real hobby like music or art instead of putting in so much effort for worthless pixels
reading books are the absolute worst loser habit you can have
hours and hours spent chasing a small and meaningless dopamine high
books make you a bottom tier subhuman
get a real hobby like music or art instead of putting in so much effort for worthless text
Video games are all I can do because everything else requires you to not be a social outcast.
people who watch movies and flex their knowledge on them are even worse since they're literally just videos. without the game. even if it was "skilful" to understand a movie there are a lot of things you can learn from a game by accident, movies are simply what the writers have created.
This is true. Vidya and TV are awful, terrible wastes of time. Also, idle listening to music is also horrible. There is a huge difference between hearing music and LISTENING to it. But to LISTEN, you have to be able to understand it, so you need to know some music theory at least. Anyone who says otherwise is coping with their addiction. Time is almost always better spent otherwise. My only vice now is watching The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly every few months, my favourite movie.
I respect a pro fps player more than any retard soundcloud rapper.
Life is literally just a higher-fidelity waste of time based on a more robust pixel system, shut your idiot faggot mouth until you're anything but a brainlet cumsucker ( literally never, so just stop talking. You're stupid and a waste of everyone's finite attention.)
reading books is the absolute worst loser habit you can have 
hours and hours spent chasing a small and meaningless dopamine high 
books make you a bottom tier subhuman 
get a real hobby like music or art instead of putting in so much effort for worthless pages
you could never, ever beat me in quake
Whats so special about art and music that makes it not this?
for once OP is not a faggot
embarrassing, imagine needing bing bing wahoo points to gather the motivation to play an instrument
that's what im doing over at kick.com/leafy
you probably have called Jordan Peterson and intellectual before
True, you and him and are both faggots together instead.
