Is it true, men of 4chan
The thoughts and opinions of women are worthless, in all cases.
I am confused what this means but I would want to be with a gf who is living about the same life as me else I would feel insecure and like I am taking advantage of her.
Im talking about the man in this situation
I thought that was obvious
Money doesn't matter too much to most men I think. I'm not sure what they mean by stability.
True. I have never met a guy who thought a woman working at a minimum wage place was a deal breaker. Not working at all might be because it implies laziness even then a lot of men won't care.
Even when a woman works she still expects the guy to pay for most if not all things so why would men care at all about how much she makes?
I'm a software engineer making six figures and get turned off by women making money. They are not feminine at all.
A woman said that they want to get their life together and then have a family because you need mental and financial stability for a kid and a husband
Then that guy came and left the first comment saying that a man takes care of a woman so she doesnt have to work basically
I dont know
If I get divorced I will have nothing left if I rely on my husband so I honestly agree with the woman
The problem with women having money is that they hold that money against you instead of spending it with you. 
Like if a woman is a millionaire you'd have to be at least a million and one-naire. 
If women didn't hold their success as your failure then men wouldn't care.
Planning for divorce is how you end up divorced.
Whats his back up for when he looses access to your womb after the divorce?
It depends what she's looking for and how quickly she expects the relationship to move. I'm more than happy to date someone without those things and support her (non-financially) as she works towards them, but I wouldn't pay for her, move in together or get married until her situation changed.
In some cases sure
In other cases it could be cheating or falling out of love etc
or never married
He has to find another one
I don't care about a woman having a career or being financially stable or anything like that. I care about them being a virgin, being attracted to me, not being deformed and not being fat. In that order.
Mental stability is a must. Financial depends on how rich your husband already is.
People don't just "fall out of love" that's just what divorcees tell people to avoid taking responsibility. Don't marry someone who will cheat on you.
Why can't he have a back up the same way you have a job?
Somehow, a lot of women have come to believe that men care about their careers, money, status etc. I don't know where they pick this up, probably from the excuses Chad uses to pump and dump them.
women dont have to be well off or anything but most dudes dont want a sponge.
They are projecting things they care about in men onto them. It's like how guys think being nice will make them attractive to women.
Women writing relationship advice on what men want.
It's funny because most women who think that way end up with no man and starts crying in social media.
I learned that from men and women
I want my woman to rely on me financially and otherwise, I want our union to be a merging of pure souls into a single flesh like Jesus taught. That is why I grind and stay pure.
If that is not my destiny then I will find sweet release of death on the fields of WW3. It would be extremely amusing to be shot with a 50'cal in the chest, the funniest thing ever.
Men don't think that, they are taught that by literally everyone. Its part of what made the bluepill.
However, this exact same line of thinking is taught to women and they still act like being a success will somehow impress men who have no use at all with her wealth.
I think what what >>73042480 said about chads is more true or that women want to be successful so they are less accessible to lower teir men.
If he has a backup woman while being in a relationship with me then thats polygamy
I would not get married if divorce is even an option
Couldn't you say the same about having a job that would replace the need for a husband?
That's not a fair analogy. She would also lose access to his testicles after a divorce.
No
I can have a job and a husband
But if someone wants polygamy with me and some others I wont date them
I only stand for monogamy
Its just not realistic to have no job in todays society is what I thought
Does she have to be black
A man needs a woman exclusively to himself to reproduce. A women does not need a man exclusively to herself to reproduce. 
From here we get women making harems and men left sexless.
Tinder, sperm banks, ladies drink free enter free etc. No problems there for women.
But that man needed a job better than yours to have a woman or child at all. It was literally an exchange of his security for your womb.
i dont really care as long as she is enjoyable to spend time with, not fat, and doesn't have any significant burdens
Thats what I was thinking
I personally dont but I would still like a job and be with a man
The argument isn't no job but for women to find a husband and get a family first and then worry about getting a job.
Literally everything a modern woman thinks about men is completely projection.
we like mentally ill girls, so dunno
I do not give a fuck about a woman's stability. You are not a man.
No but I would prefer her to be.
