I never had a romantic relationship in my entire life and i'm almost 26. Is it cope? The more time it pass the more the lack or romance in my life hurt me, i guess it's also because it's spring but idk really, i'm not depressed because i still work fine as a person.
is it a new thing? i've been into romance fiction since i was a teen and i'm not even a chick
because it's a normal human desire? how would you even think the desire for this is "cope" or abnormal?
Romance is dead is real life, I used to add romance into other peoples lives that I don't know but they either took it badly and thought I was trying to con them or they thought I wanted to fuck them.
I just gave up
how would you even think the desire for this is "cope" or abnormal
Because i can't get it and i resort to fiction. I'm also a guy too
they either took it badly
Well, i would be romantic only with the person i love, not any random person/friend
I never had a romantic relationship in my entire life 
Well, i would be romantic only with the person i love
I wonder if there is a connection
no its not incel. food water shelter abortion rights are normal human desires. romance and sex are NOT.
shutup retard, that is what romance is. its not romance if there's no love moron dishonest wretched festering fetid moronic turdwhore
You will never be loved, you will never have anyone to hold, you will be bitter and twisted into your core to your last breath, this shall come to pass
Cmon, don't be a dick in my thread
you will swim until your arms give out, you will submerge beneath the level off the cesspit, you will swallow a pungent corny rancid brown soup, this shall come to pass my ass into your turdwhore mouth
romance and sex are NOT.
You are thinking of entitlement, need it's another thing anon, don't let the hate fill you up
sneed cope seethe mald dilate sour grapes, touch grass.
Well, i would be romantic only with the person i love, not any random person/friend
oh look, the normal psychology of an emotionally healthy person
healthy person
Oh you, you are making me blush anon :3
um no, if he doesn't put himself out there and be a non-incel to a bunch of women (buy them meals, gifts, etc. normal romantic stuff) he is CHOOSING to never have romance.
What kind of romance fiction? All the romance-related stuff I like tends to be dark and gloomy.
https://myanimelist.net/anime/29067/Danna_ga_Nani_wo_Itteiru_ka_Wakaranai_Ken_2_Sure-me
This is the last thing i watched, i have also a lot of romance graphic novel. In a way any of the addams family show have some pretty fucking good romance also, gomez and morticia are basically the perfect couple, weird but whatever
the last thing i watched was this story about two people in a loving relationship where the guy is a little weird but his wife still loves him anyway
You need to take the normal advice and get at least a little in shape, learn how to dress and compose yourself, and start throwing yourself out there at women RIGHT NOW. You sound normal and decent and not like there's anything wrong with you and not afflicted by the typical incel shit
Oh okay we have completely different tastes then. I mostly read poetry, since I'm not so much into everyday subjects or character relationships, rather just pure emotional shit.
To answer your question though, yes it is cope. But so is my thing. Fuck it, everything is cope.
Idk, but I am the same. I read romantic Sonic and Star Wars fanfic as an 8-10 year old boy.
Working on it, i lost 10 kg since i started my diet in november
I mostly read poetry
I need to start too, i always see videos of women getting romantic letter and comments that this is what they want and i'm really fucking bad at writing, maybe poetry will help me with that. I guess it's still cope because i'll never get what i want but being ready is a good thing
how tall are you? women can't fall in love with a guy under 6'
I'm 1.83 cm, idk probably more than 6 ft, i don't believe what you said but i'm good either way
if you're not under 6' you wouldn't have any perspective. your beliefs are without value. focus on facts and be sane instead of falsities and being retarded. good luck, try to be intelligent.
I'm at the point where I can pull four-liners out of my ass. Some even sound half-decent too.
tfw no gf to write shitty poems for
I used to read and watch a lot of manga and anime on the theme of young romance as a teenager, I'm not sure I was actively thinking of it as a cope at the time, rather I was just enjoying feeling something from fiction because I saw most people my age in reality as retards whom I'd have no success with anyway
It probably was a cope because I've stopped consuming it now, the fact it doesn't at all match with reality and that people in your animoos don't tend to speak like real people really bothers me. Setting expectations for something that will never exist.
I am still romantically orientated though and I don't care about sex for its own sake so much, I just want love
t. xy chromosome
it's called escapism. the worse your real life is, the more you'll seek that fulfillment and happiness in fictional worlds in your mind. nothing wrong with that, it's too late/impossible to change yourself, do the bare minimum to keep yourself alive and spend every possible moment somewhere else: in books, music, anime, and your mind
oh, and watch Monogatari, i love the romance therein
I love things like kimi no na wa but I have no desire for romance at all.
Fiction isn't reality.
Is it cope?
It was for me. I used to really enjoy romance anime and VNs because I could vicariously experience what it was like to have another person love you. Nowadays watching anything romance is mostly suicide fuel for me so I stay away from it.
escapism
this is me. i always escape in my mind. i am never here. i am simply thinking about finctional happy thoughts that will never be.
Please drop your hardest copes, all of them. Manga, anime, VNs, vidya. Vast cityscapes, filtered sunlight, summer, winter, Shinkai-esque skies, an empty classroom at sunset, vast landscapes, shy girls, weak male protagonists, I want it all. I want to fully immerse myself in copium to the point that I feel an intoxicating high unlike nothing else. No other medium does romantic escapism quite like japshit and I want to overdose. 
Please. I promise I'll work out and talk to some real girls later. For now I just want to dream.
Me too. It's my nature. I've been like this since as long as i remember, i remember creating Xiaolin Showdown fanfiction in my head when i was very, very little. Or simply imagining a 2D ball bouncing around walls and obstacles. Real life has never begun for me.
I would but I'm kind of a pretentious gatekeeper with the media I enjoy.
i'm a romantic too anon
i love it
it's a rollercoaster and it's not going well at the moment but when it happens it's unreal how wonderful it can feel
i've been chasing someone for three years now to varying degrees of success
i spend a lot of time fantasising about how wonderful it would be to be together
and we've never even met irl lol it really is a romantic fiction
maybe it could become real though
maybe
i'd rather hope for that than hope for nothing
Xiaolin Showdown fanfiction
basado, i hope you become a master xiaolin one day
For animes, a silent voice, clannad/toradora (vn too). For games, to the moon/finding paradise, lucy and the eternity she wished for (vn that i don't remember that well, just that i liked it a lot), stardew valley you can romance npc and the events are pretty good, but they are short and it's not the focus of the game. For shows the addams family 1964 if you like that kind of things, i don't watch that many tv shows with irl people
The one i listed are the best anime i saw but here's a list of the other that are good too: Danna ga Nani wo Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken, Josee to Tora to Sakana-tachi, A Day Before Us, Aharen-san wa Hakarenai/Nagatoro/Komi Can't Communicate/My Senpai is Annoying/Tomo chan is a girl, Darling in the FranXX/gosick are romantic but just in the end, I want to eat your pancreas, my love story, plastic memories, Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii. I have in list others but i still have to watch them
Sorry, like I said it's suicide fuel for me now so I can't use it as a cope. I mostly just drink to feel anything now. But if you want to know my past copes, then VNs were a big part of it. Clannad, Kanon, Little Busters are good. Basically anything made by Key is going to be good. One of the first animes I watched was Dusk Maiden of Amnesia which I found extremely comfy because of the style, even if the ending was kind of meh. I remember I watched it on cold winter nights next to the fire with my cats and it was so memorably comfy.
Thanks guys, I'll check these out.
Sharing is caring Anon... besides, unless it's some super secret romance zine hand drawn by a recluse in a desolate Japanese mountain village, who mails out copies physically if you send him cash in the mail, thousands of people already know about it. But I respect your choices.
