And you incels should watch him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNBd1ZyrNB8 [Embed]
Can you post a single Jordan Peterson diagram and then explain it to me in plain english? Or does your zoomer ass not have the patience for books?
Thanks. I needed my daily sigma male affirmation.
find another site to sully you evil coward rat
you bedevilled egg
you vicious vexatious vengeful servant of beelzebub
you malevolent morbid malicious malignant lol lmao cantankerous troll
Context: anime pfp on twitter said that Christians don't have an obligation to Israel
He's pretty dumb, but at least he genuinely gives a shit about a disenfranchised part of society in one which pretends to care about everyone equally. It's pretty funny to see the same feminists who rail against toxic masculinity mock him for crying out of empathy for others.
2016 called, they need you right now.
Go watch him, you'll understand.
You joke, but he's a visionary. He can see the truth of the world.
Sounds like you're bitter.
He's deeply flawed, but we all are. He has genuine wisdom though to give to others.
His advice is relevant now more than ever.
Did this little Jew-worshiping bitch manage to stop crying for a full video? I hope I meet his whore of a daughter so I can fuck her up the ass a few times. Only good thing her bitch of a dad did was lend his voice to an AI edit discussing Bionicles with Joe Rogan. He's utterly pitiful, a fucking rodent that would cower when faced with anyone not beholden to Jewish cock at all hours of the day.
Go watch him, you'll understand.
No. I've seen his diagrams posted and they're fucking ridiculous beyond fucking explanation. That's why I challenged you to explain even one of them to me. If they're really good diagrams, they should make it easy for you to paraphrase Peterson in your own words and actually demonstrate why he's worth listening to.
uhhh ummm uhhhhh the hero's journey and heckin' trannies are bad! 
Um no I don't mean to sound like Kermit, and my parents had me undergo surgery for it but it didn't take when my undeveloped womb was lost beneath my kidneys
He has a whimpering voice and cries too much 
He also said being rich sucks which is retarded
Jordan doesn't "cry" he has a voice that is full of passion and real emotion for the subjects he speaks about. He talks about traditional masculinity, and how a man needs to grow up, and embrace the monster within in order to find true fulfillment.
Hes absolutely based and Redpilled.
He talks about traditional masculinity
the dude doesn't even lift Lmao
He lifts books. That's all he needs to lift. He will inspire the next generation
Id rather leave my shit in a jar for 3 months and drink it
The mind of the average Jordan Peterson hater everyone.
crying out of empathy for others.
He cries when people talk about incels because he realizes when his wife dies from cancer he's going to become one lmao
Attacking his personal character rather than accepting personal responsibility. I'm disappointed in you but not surprised. This generation is truly lost without his wisdom.
Lifting doesn't make you traditionally masculine. They didn't lift or exercise in the old days. Granted, they did in the 80's, so if you want to be like your boomer grandpa then it works
pedantic non sequitur because someone called out his e-daddy
I weep for the next generation.
I can't even stop my daughter from getting railed by black thugs nightly, but take my life advice very serious gosh darn it! 
JP is an archetypal, white liberal cuck with no teeth and no power. He's meant to be pathetic and attract the attention of similarly weak losers.
The autistic spectrum really is a flat circle if you cant recognize my sarcasm
He gives half decent advice sometimes not unlike Tate but they are both scammers in different ways.
Is this an attempt to reword "I was just pretending to be retarded"? Because it's really fucking bad, stupid and pathetic.
honestly fucking based. he has inspired so many people to seek an internal understanding of self. to realise they are so much stronger than they think, and that they can and should do good for themselves and the world.
got an awkward relationship with this guy so i try to avoid him in public
I don't condone his business practices as he sells busts of himself alongside other grossly overpriced merchandise as well as overpricing his tickets to watch him live which I believe is shameless.
He critiques postmodernism, but is as post modern as they come with him believing that only the ideas that survive must be true- a bizzare pragamtic evolutionist approach that doesn't care for what is true, only for what works and yet he waves his finger at post modernists? Absurd. 
His attempt at pathologizing anonymous users because he was butthurt about people disliking his interview with Benjamin NetandYahoo was very sad to see.
Is he still the dailywire's lapdog?
merely pretending
Its ok, anon. Just admit you got BTFO'd so hard it turned you into a gay trans femboy and we'll forgive you. Also post bussy.
Lifting doesn't make you traditionally masculine
Of course it does. It defines masculinity. You can't be a man with the body of a twink
he cries because he has a feminine temperament, he even said so on one an interview his daughter did with him and his wife. He has the feminine temperament while his wife has the more masculine temperament. It's why he gets so emotional about shit all the time.
Juden "cry a lot" Peterstein
I want to fuck Juden Peterstein's whore daughter while he watches and cries and prattles about the symbolism of Adam and Eve and the dragon and shit. I'd make him suck my cock clean just to shut him up before I left.
Traditional masculinty is about bringing chaos into order. Expanding what is known in a field, pushing a sport to new heights, being the head of a business, of a household, all grappeling with chaos someway somehow.
If a person lifts because they want to sleep around than they are just an overgrown manchild drunk on vanity. You can train the body in the pursuit of discipline, but few do and fewer succeed
Now, as you read this, just imagine Peterson saying this in his little Kermit voice, and laugh.
Go to the belly of the gym and rescue your gains from the dragon of being a fatass bucko. 
Its nice, but still doesn't mean shit. I'll take a scrawny awkward hippie who lives on a farm with his kids as more masculine than the protein shake dudebro who's never worked a blue collar job in his life. Muscles arent everything you dumb nigger
