How would you rank all the races based on intelligence?
Here's mine:
1. Whites
2. Russians
3. Asians
4. Muslims
5. Hispanics
6. Indians
7. Aboriginals
8. Niggers
1,whites
2. russians
anon i fucking love you lmao
I love you too man.
original
Jews are slimy, but they're pretty up there
I wouldn't call them a race, they don't even deserve to be categorized.
Aboriginals are 8. Niggers can get a job build a structured foundation for themselves and do plenty of things. Abos I've never seen have a job or get their shit together
Yeah, but they don't have a history of getting eaten by lions and stepped on by elephants.
1. Whites
Kek
2. Russians
KEK
Give me your ranking.
You know, like the theme of the thread.
Muslims
race 
I'm guessing OP is 8.
1-Whites
2-Russians 
Muslims is a race 
What a retard
Homie you can't even name all the races, you're own lack of intelligence disqualifies you from casting any discerning judgement.
extremely difficult cuz there are sub categories
aboriginals above niggers
oh fuck off
Asian people are smarter than whites
blacks
asians
hispanics
indians
whites
None of those are races
you cant measure intelligence bro
OP here.
How about order in which they will go extinct, bottom to top. >>73048781 (OP)
you cant predict the future either
Niggers first because Africa is just too full of natural resources everyone wants, and they're dumb. They're simply far behind in evolution, so it makes sense.
Please bear with op he has no personal achievements so this is the only way he can convince people his life is worth something
your speculation isnt based on logic or global studies its a surface level observation you made with your shallow knowledge on the subject. did you graduate highschool op?
The idea of ranking races by intelligence is an ethically and scientifically flawed pursuit, as intelligence is a multifaceted and culturally dependent trait that cannot be accurately measured by any single test or set of criteria. Moreover, the concept of race itself is a socially constructed concept with little biological basis, as human genetic variation is much more complex and continuous than any simplistic categorization could account for. Attempts to rank races by intelligence only serve to reinforce harmful stereotypes and discrimination, and distract from the underlying socioeconomic and political factors that contribute to disparities in educational and economic opportunity. Rather than focusing on arbitrary and discriminatory categorizations of intelligence, it would be more productive to work towards creating a more equitable society in which all individuals have access to the resources and support necessary to reach their full potential.
I will stick flag on my poop. 
U' sound kinda lyke a dum nigger chew, i gotttta be honest hereee.
1. europeans (meds/germanics/slavs) ~= ne asians; ashkenazis
2. some indians=arabs=turks; other jews
3. SE Asians=Hispanics=Pacific Islanders=Natives/Inuit=lower caste indians
4. Ethiopians/other non-subsaharan african ethnicities
large gap
5. aboriginals/subsaharan nogs
another gap
6. bushmen nogs
Difficult to actually measure intelligence. IQ tests aren't that flawed as a metric, but they don't translate culturally. Ethnic lines start blurring together past a point, so it'd be easier to link specific genes to intelligence and overlap that with the haplogroups that often have those genes. A general ethnicity is simplifying something that is already convoluted and considered scientifically taboo.
1. North East Asians
2. Northwest Europeans/Celts
3. Jews (combination of all)
3. Eastern Europeans
4. Central Asians
5. Mediterraneans
6. Arabs =/= Indians
7. South East Asians
8. North Africans
9. Central Americans (native)
10. North Americans (native)
11. Equatorial Africans
12. Poly/Micronesians
13. South Americans (native)
14. Aboriginals
15. South Africans (bantu)
Move NW Euros above Chinks, and Jews below Meds. Jews misreport their IQ scores and dont report their genetic disaster offspring from inbreeding at all. Abos below bants. Otherwise, very close.
NW euros above chinks
I maintain that East Asians have more raw cognitive ability than anyone else. However, Confusianism has severely damaged their sense of self and morality.
Jews below Meds
I would put them even to Meds, but not lower. Jews are highly intelligent and have an incredibly active academic culture.
