i relate to picrel
like a LOT. its over isnt it. im not 19 tho, i just turned 18
I find it so weird that people question it this much. I feel like if you were trans you would know by now definitively. Probably just submissive, gay, or have a fetish.
...
bump bros ii need assistacne
Pretty much, yeah.
There are very nearly zero legitimately trans people. True transsexuality is as rare now as it was decades ago. That means that all of the extra troons you see around you now either were falsely convinced that they are trans, or have a fetish.
you are making shit up lmao 
how do you get the confidence to say these things so assertively tho. i mean you're completely wrong, and you probably know somewhere in your brain that you are wrong, yet you sound so confident
The problem with this anecdote is that every last one of the examples given relates to the writer's fetishization of a culturally contingent object.
There is NO SUCH THING as objectively female shoes, or hair, or makeup. All of those things are culturally contingent. It would be entirely possible for a culture to have NO DIFFERENCE in men's and women's shoes (this actually existed for most of history) or hair styles, and for NO ONE to wear makeup (that also existed for most of history).
That means that any claim to feel some kind of mystical connection to any of these objects is total nonsense and a delusion.
how do you get the confidence to say these things so assertively tho. i mean you're completely wrong, and you probably know somewhere in your brain that you are wrong, yet you sound so confident
Wow, it's almost as if being trans is unnatural...
The only true tranny I recognize is someone intersex. The rest of you are just male crossdressers. The hormones are another ingredient in the appearance (and mannerism) altering charade.
You seem like you already have a specific answer in mind retard. If you want to troon out troon out just know your too late to pass well, but no one is stopping you.
I get the confidence from this part.
The number of gay people hasn't changed. Gay people just emerged from where they were hidden.
But the number of troons DID change. Virtually no one took puberty blockers in 1980. There were fewer than 100 gender reassignment surgeries a year. No one took HRT.
You can claim that there were (somehow) vast numbers of people who "would have" been trans, if it were possible - but there is really no way to prove that, and every reason to believe that it is false.
survivorship bias you idiot
there's two solutions
1. accept that you can only adapt to it by being as feminine as you can because "transitioning" doesn't actually exist
2.
yea it's over bro. you can repress forever or take hrt and see what happens. not many options i guess.
:| great
wonderful
im a tranny
