<comment>
2005
be 15-16
in 10th-11th grade
didn't have a computer or cellphone
used internet at public libraries
often what I would do all day on weekends
and after school also
could reserve time slots in the computer room using an automated phone-in registration
limited to 2 one hour sessions per day
used each of my parents' library cards to get 6 hours computer time
automatically logged out after each hour and have to sign in again
scramble to write down on paper or email myself anything I want to save
never heard of 4chan, or memes
spent a lot of time on livejournal and myspace
met people on teenchat.com and studentcenter.org
yahoo music, yahoo mail and AIM express
went in the Apple store to take pictures for my myspace page, browse myspace, LJ and use chatrooms
got kicked out at multiple mall Apple stores for doing this
no car or license (still don't in my 30s)
walked, took public bus, and rode my Razor scooter to the library and everywhere
had many tapes of music I recorded off the radio
and many burned CDs people at school gave me
didn't have my own TV, no cable or satellite
mainly just listened to the radio and whatever recordings I had
<comment>
Most people here won't be able to relate to anything you wrote. With that being said, grooveshark was the best for listening to music.
<comment>
I can't remember a time I didn't have a home computer and unsupervised access to the internet.
I wish I was born in the 50s so I could have fucked up my life in cool and interesting ways instead of sitting in front of the computer getting brain damage
<comment>
all of that is me
everything went downside when i started dating girls
<comment>
i can relate to some aspects
i got internet access pretty late, most of my peers already had it way earlier
my tv was in a foreign language, since the sat set was bought abroad and couldnt watch any cartoons/shows my classmates saw
i had a pc quite early though
thats because my mom was, well still is, an office worker
i pretty much grew up on single player games and books
it was quite nice, but the feeling of being left out by my classmates in some topics was there
<comment>
OP here, even at the time, most of my peers had some kind of home PC and cell phone. I got those finally when I was 18.
Originally posted that bit in a random thread about "where were you in 2005" and decided to reblog it.
<comment>
Well I fucking can. I'm 33. The internet used to be such an adventure, and rewards existed. Now every fucker I encounter, every drop, every file, is just some form of packaged faggotry with prepackaged nonsense to spew. I'm genuinely shocked at the utter drop in mental quality displayed by zimzams. They're basically designer autists that get re-programmed every 2 years.
<comment>
And? What's the point, OP? 4chan isn't your fucking blog website.
<comment>
I'm only now 20, gonna be 21 in July.
I use an iPod classic still and it's done wonders to have it around during breaks or walks.
<comment>
At 33 I was on my second child and saved up to buy a boat that year. Grow up.
