Fembots and femcels, would you eat your bf's ass if he asked?
Maybe... My bf is really into doing it to me, so if he wanted me to maybe I'd reciprocate
of course they would.
they only date chads and they will do anything that chad asks them to.
based
original btw
why are you such a butt slut
I am not, I didn't even ever ask him to do it for me, he's so into facesitting and eating butts, so since he does it for me it's only right for me to at least try to reciprocate.
I saw one of those dating coach/alpha male types on YouTube say that whenever a girl says I don't do that sexually you need to add with you afterwards, because that's what she's really saying, she would do it with a Chad or an "alpha"
You are not a fembot or femcel, retard.
butt slut hands typed this post
Just look at the fucking difference. Male assholes are disgusting and should never be viewed. They are strangely elongated, have a wide distance from the balls (huuuge gooch), and there is a weird line from their b-hole to their ballsack like I drew in the pic. I'd never put my tongue near that. 
Male balls/butthole 4 hours post shower smells like my vagina/butthole after MULTIPLE DAYS no shower. This is FUCKED UP. and shows a nastiness disparity. That's why men smell worse as a rule. Their rooms are stinkier. Their dirty clothes are stinkier. Their sweat is stinkier. They are STINKY BEINGS OF FILTH I am NOT LICKING THEIR BUTTHOLES END OF STORY PERIOD
Male balls/butthole 4 hours post shower smells like my vagina/butthole after MULTIPLE DAYS no shower.
You only know that because you have eaten a lot it male ass.
femcel
boyfriend
This really is just your new dumb name for "someone who's female" isn't it?
ywnbaw orignad
Are you forgetting the appendage that exists above the butthole
Yes I am, stay mad.
Rude ._.
You still know a lot about their ass.
Maybe you should stop being such an asseater.
I wouldn't know if their bholes weren't so abrasive to my senses
r9k needs to ban any threads talking to or about f*males
Yes I am, stay mad
How are you fembot?
And yet you licked their balls and ate their ass. Disgusting.
I meant a hypothetic bf, retard
The same way you are a robot.
I'm a robot because I'm khv with no gf.
I have a kid and I'm still a robot.
robot =/= virgin =/= incel
want to lick a girl's pussy
want to lick a girl's ass
don't want a girl to lick my ass at all
really want to dominate a girl in bed
really want to cuddle and massage her afterwards
Hmm, not sure what to make of it all.
I have been using this board since forever and I have gotten my bf off of 4Chan, I am pretty sure I still qualify.
How old are you and your bf?
You are not a fembot though.
i didnt even have to ask my gf, she did it on her own
Robot does mean virgin yeah. You are not a robot you are a hyper normalfag who should get off the board.
This is true. Which is why the first time a woman tells me no, I'm out. It's not a negotiation. Tell her what you want and what you're in to, and if she says no, then save yourself the hassle and move on immediately. You cannot negotiate desire. I've done this twice and I'm glad I did it.
I am the same with my gf, im super into it but would never even let her see mine desu
But thats also bc i have a milking fetish and like doing it to her
Sorry for the late reply, was biking back home.
I'm 22 and he is 20, I wish I could say I met him on r9k. 
Yeah I doubt he'd actually want me to do it either, woah she can lactate? You're a lucky boy.
This is a load of nonsense; however, I support your disinclination to lick my ass as I would feel extremely self-conscious about it.
Femcel, when you take chad's huge cock and go braindead, you will absolutely slobber on his asshole and nurse on it like a baby.
Cope your buttholes are disgusting
Our buttholes aren't really any more disgusting than yours. I still want to lick yours and don't want mine licked though.
I eat my girls ass but she won't eat mine. Any tips on convincing her? 
Also fembots, would you prefer if a guy shaves his ass first?
For the love of god yes please shave, maybe doing that will sweeten the deal for her.
Mine is normal looking yours is giant elongated and puffy and has a prostate hidden deep inside for buttsex because you are gay
no, male assholes are ugly and dirty
this is why you're alone, femcel
