<comment>
me, 17, cock wielder (relevant later)
need money
think "hmm teenagers are idiots"
download some bimbo's onlyfans leaks
make an account on a "meet teen friends" app (one of those shitty ones idk)
post bimbo's sfw stuff with a bio that says I sell
now larping as a 17 year old female (who is actually like 20 or something, idk the bimbo's age) selling nudes to other 17 year Olds
larping as a woman, interested in men
you can see where this is going
some guy dms me "do you really sell, can I buy" standard shit I assume
says he can't pay me right now but will later tonight
we continue talking for a couple hours
he's cute and funny and really courteous
I find myself blushing and realise I'm falling for this 17 year old guy who thinks I'm going to sell him pictures of my ass but it's not my ass and I'm not gay
I thought it would be an easy con
I fell for the first guy I met on there
he thinks I'm a woman
he is not interested in men
I'm not even the one in the pictures
he will definitely stop talking to me if he finds out
the worst part? he's FRENCH.
<comment>
Why are you here if you're underaged?
<comment>
Just transition and then it wont be a problem anymore because you will be a girl.
<comment>
About a month ago, I spent two weeks every day texting some pajeet who made a seekingarrangements profile and catfished me. It went on up until I literally found the real girls onlyfans, and asked on that account if she knew who I was (I never actually told her I reverse image searched the onlyfans and found out it was someone else). 
They didn't even steal my money of anything. I was adamant the entire time that I don't give money to anyone without meeting them irl, and the scammer was apparently okay with that, and would still text me every morning and night anyways until I just completely stopped responding. So fucking weird, I don't know who the fuck that was or why they were doing what they are doing, but I have had enough real, multi hour long text conversations with them to know that wherever they are, they are very much a real person. So so creepy man. I honestly think it's also a repressed tranny in a third world country or something that was sold into online sexual bot catfish slavery and really wants to find an actual friend or something. Too bad, weird fucker, I have enough problems of my own already (like going on seekingarrangements and paying 100+ dollars just to avoid Catfishes and still having this happen to me).
I'm just so lonely. Wtf did I do?
<comment>
You're gay or bi, there's nothing wrong with that.
<comment>
this is definitely the place for this bullshit and I don't care if I get IP banned from here, I don't even browse I just thought it would be kind of funny to post my situation
thanks fella.
honestly just sounds like what I need rn, I need friends. I am stuck in the same calls with the same people every day. I am your standard NEET slob (not huge though I weigh 151lbs).
