My coworker just came out as a transwoman. How should I best support her? She isn't transitioning well. She is over 6 foot tall, big frame, big jaw
Distance and avoid. Eventually he will have mental breakdowns and you do not want to be involved. If he perceives you as saying the wrong thing that attacks his delusions and you have an hr department, you will lose your job. It doesn't matter of you meant well. Nobody in the real world wants to deal with them, so this is what we do.
If you're lucky he will quit or get fired.
Your coworker? I do see why you should have to treat them any differently.
Idk we hang out and talk a lot after work but i wouldn't say we're friends
eternally doomed to be an uncanny valley tranny
send said coworker a package with a remote grenade. And wire a landmine to their car
Don't feed into their delusion.
I was nice to a trans coworker and they broke down crying in my car and made me very uncomfortable. Not sure I recommend
Remind him that he doesn't passes as a woman, he will never be a real woman and if he won't stop with his perverted delusions he will join the 50%.
The same way you should support an anorexic person, a schizoid, or a heroin addict: Don't play into their delusions.
Suck his cock. Simple as
I hate trannies so much. Everywhere I go there seems to be trannies nowadays and its always either some 50 year old guy aka clearly a pervert and possibly a pedo or its some 18-22 year old, tall, big jawed, big framed guy who looks nothing like a woman apart from his mantits and his long hair but thinks being very skinny means looking female.
Uni? Loads of trannies. Kebab store? Trannies. Supermarket? Trannies. In the park? Also Trannies. Theyre everywhere and Im starting to doubt that they are only 0.2% of the population or whatever. More like 1% or more by now
trannies are simply men who have no understanding of women
that's the appeal for becoming one, in their process they think becoming one will help them understand all they ever wanted: a woman's love
it's a simple symptom of mommy who hates daddy
You're starting to see trannies in your walls bro
I live 20 minutes outside Atlanta and haven't seen one yet. 
Do you live in LA? If not then you're probably clocking cis women.
Usually when big hulking apes like that transition it's because they're rapists and are angling for lighter sentences.
Make sure to give your colleague lots of compliments like "I wish I was as tall as you", "your hands are so big" and "you're so strong".
