How do you recognize a good man to marry? I am a khhv and I want to marry someone but the thought of choosing someone wrong who I would lose my virginity to scares me, I think I'd kms if I had gotten into an unsuccessful marriage
Do not trust any man from r9k or 4chan. you aren't exempt too the fact that you have posted on r9k means you do not deserve happiness in life single or with a good man
OP again, ugh sorry guys I forgot to include that I'm trans
Well look for qualities that youd think a good man would have like being honest or just not being a fucking psycho because it seems a lot of women go for dark triad chad
It's luck for you then. Identifying someone who is good for you takes trial and error. You might get it on the first go, but you'll probably have to date a few women before you figure out what you actually want.
In the past, it would be your father that evaluated the man and made sure he was of good character. You have a father? A brother?
I just wanted to ask a question, I rarely go on this board.
Yes, I do. My brother is slightly younger than me though.
I just want to marry already but I think it takes more years to get to know someone truly and I don't want to rush things to eventually end up with someone not nice
I'm not
How do you recognize a good man to marry? I am a khhv and I want to marry someone but the thought of choosing someone wrong who I would lose my virginity to scares me, I think I'd kms if I had gotten into an unsuccessful marriage
It's actually surprisingly easy. Or I should say it's easy once you've found them: that takes work, and you do need to be social and literally meet tons and tons of people. 
The way you know that somebody is your husband (I mean apart from the objective stuff like them having a career and not being abusive and so on) is that they make you feel more comfortable with yourself. Any piece of crap can make you feel attracted TO THEM, your husband comfortable with YOURSELF. You feel less insecure, you do not feel any of the usual discomfort that men instill in you, you could talk with him at length about the most traumatizing events in your life and yet not relive any of the pain of them; in general, you just feel extremely free to express yourself. It's basically an extreme sense of calm that can only be achieved between a man and a woman who are destined to be married. It isn't natural to feel completely and totally calm around someone else, particularly not someone of the opposite sex; if you do, then you are 'spiritually married,' because the only way this can occur is if your soul and his are the same soul. The rest of marriage is just paperwork.
get off a few tiles on the house and see if you climb the house to put them back. (then it's a good man) if he hires someone to do that he's just rich
get off a few tiles on the house and see if he climb the house to put them back. (then it's a good man) if he hires someone to do that he's just rich
Your brother should be able to tell if the guy is a scumbag or not, trust his judgment.
imma totally real biowoman guyz
You and every other troon on /r9k/ I'm starting to get tired of it it's like every thread now. Either this site is now majority woman or you're fucking lying. Guess which one I'm going to believe?
any autist with an iq above 130
the other end works just as well, youll pretty much get forrest gump
but that is obviously less desirable
theres something about midwits and promiscuity
Ohh, creative
Thanks for the well-written reply, this makes sense
this sounds cringe but i think the best men to marry are often among the men that go unnoticed
that makes them really hard to find
Trust your dad, mom, and brother. Ideally he would know how to not agree with you and leaving it at that. Making you happy is his responsibility. 
Religiously inclined men are a pretty safe bet...
I was a handholdless virgin (not kissless, had a very brief horny hoe phase in middle school) before my current boyfriend, whom I met when I was 24. This is what made me decide he is marriage material and stick to him for years.
intelligent, shares my value, so conversation is still interesting years into the relationship. great humour, too
he was somewhat experienced sexually (1 serious gf, 1 brief relationship), but not too experienced or man whorish. So he still valued our experience, but wasn't clueless or childish about it
somewhat handsome and very charismatic but introverted and weird, so he doesn't use it to get random hoes
he was very assertive when we got intimate, but never pushed for sex until I wanted it. he MADE me want it
There are plenty of good men out there actually, but handsome + good personality ALWAYS means taken, sadly.
/r9k is quite popular ig, so of course there might be some actual women here
And my fear is my husband trooning out later in marriage or some other weird thing so it'd be hypocritical of me to think that anyways
never pushed for sex until I wanted it. he MADE me want it
Dude, I'm trying to perfect the dance of getting a woman to like me more. I demanded it in my last relationship because I thought of you guys as equal. I found that it wasn't true because of the power dynamic. Men always take precedence. 
Sorry to her, oof, big regrets.
Ideally he would know how to not agree with you and leaving it at that.
What do you mean? Disagreeing with me about what?
It's not because of sex either, I just didn't really know what I was doing. The statement was relevant to what I'm currently dealing with.
What do you want out of a marriage? Equal partnership and responsibility? Being a housewife and being provided for? Having lots of children? Living in the city or the country? You need to imagine your ideal life, or a few possibilities, write down what those scenarios are, and then figure out what traits a man needs to provide the lifestyle you want. Once you have an idea what type of man you need, then you should figure out where men like that go and what they are interested in.
If you want to talk you can dm me, @salted_rat on telegram (or drop a burner and I can send my discord). I may be slow to respond right now but will have time later. In the interest of full disclosure I am looking for a wife and may be interested in you if you happen to be looking for the same things as me
This is how I imagine my ideal husband desu. Not a manwhore, preferably a virgin(because he's patient), intelligent and nice, but also quite introverted
It is not popular at all in the general sense of the word, it is popular on an already male dominated website. I could see some women. But no greater than 10%. And as it stands we have what seems like 80% of the people coming here all pretending to be a part of that 10%. I just do not believe any of you.
For example, many women that I become friends with say that males are easier to talk to and they don't really have woman friends. I see that as a GIANT red flag. It would imply that there's constant stressful competition.
Your man wouldn't like that at all - unless he doesn't care about you.
If, as a man, you see it as a huge thing, in my experience and theory - women won't look into it if you push them. Slowly, you back off. 
I used to argue but now I know a lot of women don't want that because it ruins the perception of safety in a relationship.
This is an example of how a man should act. Because he won't force - he'll pull back. I was the red flag, even though I was very caring - it's not the right thing to do.
It would've lead me down a path of being demanding through the entire relationship. Assuming this went on, the safety of the relationship would be compromised - 
leading you down a bad path - bad leadership behavior that will ruin your life.
I would say a man willing to take things slow. Not rushing or wanting nudes from you. Also take note of how he treats others and act around others. Where are you from btw?
That sounds nice for you. Can you tell me what some of the values you share are?
Ohh, I understand :0 are women with no particularly close friends aslo a red flag?
Central Asia
Central Asian
Marry a devout Pashtun man from Afghanistan. Get off 4chan
No - not at all. Ideal actually. Man, if I hadn't broke up with my GF recently, I would ask for your discord lol. Can be friends though and we can talk about the ideal man as far as I know. I'm not it - just a heads up.
thats me but im extroverted
How do you recognize a good man to marry?
It's the same with men and women. You can't really tell lol. It's always a gamble
If you want to, you can share
What are your values? Are you religious?
Solid advice. Afgans are literally the strongest race on earth. Defeating both world superpowers and every other empire that dared to raise a hand against Allah's righteous sons.
maplestory#5785
