Why is this guy popular ?
Can someone fill me in ?
idk but he is a faggot and a jew pushing for comically right wing stances he is bad news for white people but i'll admit he is funny
Hello yes
He is entertaining and based, pushes for power of friendship, small non-infiltratable groups of resistance, ignoring trad e-thots, compiling public databases of globohomo apparatchiks and most importantly - the leading role of biology in politics 
His stance on race is the line that separates him from zog and jews, therefore anyone calling him a jew is CIA agent
He wrote a book about being masculine or something.
he's a skilled grifter and boys are stupid
He posts nietzsche quotes and softcore gay porn on twitter
Like in Harry Potter?
I once bought his book and his shit is all fucked up
Can you explain more? I agree but I'm wondering what you think
He didn't make sense to me because he writes it the way a Bronze Age/Stone Age person would speak, and the concepts are very ambiguous. Seems like an interesting person to study but I didn't get anything from the book really.
He is full blown closeted homosexual. He's proved it multiple times but like recently he made a post that was like "men are OBJECTIVELY more attractive and women's bodies are inherently UGLY and I say this as a very straight man" so at this point I follow him to watch him get mocked and ridiculed in his own reply section
Yeah I agree. I dont really like him.
But men are objectively more beautiful than women
Only brainlets and americans are not capable of recognising that
He actually is Jewish, not that there's anything wrong with that.
It's a Sasha Baron Cohen type caricature of a rightwing e-celeb.
He is Romanian and nothing in his physiognomy suggests Semitic heritage
When you think about it the retard is only really popular on Twitter. No one cares about him outside of it. I guess he mainly appeals to upper middle class dudes with office jobs, that's what most of his followers are. They all sound the same in spaces. And the times they've been exposed like Chadicus or Achilles they've been revealed as dorks.
Many men have daddy issues, and your twat account owner has figured out his niche for grifing while he vomits out blogposts of impotent lemming-tier rage that produces no "resistance against kikes" of significance, value or effect.
We live in the absurd irony age, this is what the people want now.
Having serious beliefs and public figures is an old dead idea.
It might be true when you look at it objectively but its one of those things where making a case for it will never convince anyone and only ruin your image. Like arguing that something ISNT pedophilia, for example, since it will only be construed as arguing in favor of it.
I would say that male physicality has a way higher skill ceiling with a generally lower stat base on start. Meaning they are ugly 'by default' more often. As a woman all you need is to not be fat, not have an outright deformity, and you instantly start at at least 5/10 with a good chance at being even highed.
Most Ashkenazi Jews have majority European admixture. Despite what memes on /pol/ say, not every Jew looks like the swarthy happy merchant meme.
Gays and other sexualities do not exist. Only degenerates and normal people
Gay shill thread is gay.
Degenerate, sodomite, homosexual, it's all different terms for the same thing. Call yourself whatever you want, you're still admitting you're not normal
Im genuinely interested in learning wether bap is jewish, sauce please
https://twitter.com/InternetRadical/status/1640037629465882624?cxt=HHwWgMCzqZziysItAAAA
