Every time I leave the house to socialize and go to a place like the bar, the mall, or a park, nobody there is socializing. They're just sitting there, walking around, or staring at their smartphones, not talking to anyone. 
Even when I want to leave the house and socialize, the people around me have no interest in doing so.
Yea they have own life, nobody wants to get bothered by random people or creeps. This is how society works.
Then where the fuck do people go to meet people? Where do people who don't have any friends and would like to make some go?
Bumping, I need to know where people go
"Just go outside" isn't designed to be legitimate advice. It's designed to waste your time, to buy people a break from your complaints.
I go to bars pretty frequently with my two bros. We walk in, find a place where three guys can sit together (at the bar, or at one of those standing tables with stools) and talk to each other. Other little groups of people come in, and do the same.
If you walked in by yourself, you would be isolated in the middle of a large number of tiny, closed-off social spaces occupied by small groups. You may as well stand alone in the hallway of a condo building while other people socialize in small groups inside apartments.
Holy shit this is spot on, me and my friends go drinking regularly and it's very rare we talk to someone outside our group unless everyone is really hammered. It just doesn't happen and its the same for everyone else, bars are just communal areas to drink but you very rarely mingle with anyone else.
Where do I find bros to go the bar with?
You need a social circle first. Cold approaching is mostly dead.
Where do I find a social circle?
Go to a rave and get fucked up thats the only way to find friends in my opinion
Sorry to say, the best bet is the internet these days.
Get some form of social media and get lucky. Like, really lucky. It's unfortunate, but that's the best shot you've got.
I've tried social media. Nobody interacts with anything I post.
I've tried dating apps too, but my matches never reply to my messages. I get ghosted.
Everyone is broke, stressed, angry, aggressive and unfathomably selfish.
People really don't wanna be social anymore. Offline meetings are dead. Third places got killed by covid and haven't been revived. Cinemas are mostly empty. People get hostile when you dare chat them up. Even Discord feels oddly dead as of the past year. Neighbors don't even greet anymore.
It feels like we collectively resigned. There is absolutely nothing left keeping people together. No purpose. No familiarity. No sense of community. No desire to have serious friendships. They're barely even in the mood to fuck anymore.
Society isn't collapsing. It has collapsed.
One of them was my roommate freshman year in college. The other one was his friend from high school (all the way back to kindergarten, actually).
We got jobs in the same metro area when we got out of school.
Essentially if my school had assigned me a nigger or something as a freshman roommate, I'd have no bros at all and then I'd be the guy in the bar alone unable to break into any of the micro social groups.
I've tried to reconnect with old school friends, but they're always busy.
You need to have a hobby and belong to a club within that hobby. Could be anything, guitar lessons, airsoft, anything.
How is it dead? You think chad isn't still walking up to women on the sidewalk anymore?
