be me, high school
you fucking acne invested piece of shit, what are you gonna do with your life? 
put those drawings away and get your homework done
why are you hanging out with those music degenerates with long hair? 
get a degree, get a job, do an honest hard day's work
I followed the "work hard and reap the rewards meme" and all I got was fatigue and depression and JUST ABOUT the money needed to move out and buy groceries. 
This is fucking shit bros. I'm 25 and there's a gaping hole in my life. I wanted to make music and have fulfilling hobbies as well as work, but im left with no time or energy to do it. Is it even worth getting back into hobbies when everything I make will just be drowned out by all the other bullshit?
Working hard and doing well at school wasn't the key to happiness. I need to harness my passion, but I have no energy for it anymore. I feel dead inside.
are you that autistic that you couldnt work on your passions while also on the grind? maybe you just didnt want it bad enough. Better late than never Anon, if not maybe just kill your parents and then yourself.
 if not maybe just kill your parents and then yourself.
kek
I followed the "work hard and reap the rewards meme" and all I got was fatigue and depression and JUST ABOUT the money needed to move out and buy groceries. 
Well yeah you're only 25 asshole. Have some fucking humility. Life isn't all just going to be delivered at your feet when you want it you've only been out of school a few years. This develops over time. I'm two decades older than you and a job is enough. 3D virtual porn is fucking awesome, all the disposable income is great.
muh werk
Another one who fell for it
What the Fuck do you do for a living? Just get a trade and get out of the city where the pay is similar but the cost of living is lower.
This. Don't live in one of the major cities where most of your paycheck goes to rent.
just move out of the city
Hes so right anon move far away so your commute to a soul sucking job is longer, you get more time to really contemplate those existential questions about life. Move away from what little social connections and opportunities you may have had. Make your life just that much more inconvenience for yourself because its that much more convenient. Instead of 1900+ for a one bedroom you can pay 1100 outside the city!
Or get some roommates and hope they wont steal your shit and make you feel like a stranger 
GOOD LUCK OP
Working hard and doing well at school wasn't the key to happiness
I feel that, my parents are yuppies and drilled that into my head from day 1. Turns out neglecting meaningful social relationships is a good way to be miserable. Ironically many of the people who do well professionally also have fulfilling personal lives since you are more susceptible to burnout otherwise. The ones who do well professionally without decent personal lives are miserable by and large, so nothing to aspire to there. What's the point of being superficially 'successful' if you aren't happy and your life is full of surface level relationships?
It's called you sold out. I have all that stuff, successful work done (without credit) just continuing working until I get my break. Yes, I struggle with $ but I get to work on what I want whenever I want
By developing my passion I was able to obtain a mediocre life WITH THE GUARANTEE of a life of ease, wealth, fame
Life isn't all just going to be delivered at your feet
Says the obligatory boomer who didn't get financially raped out of his first 3 years of work, and wasn't at risk of being replaced by migrants, outsourcing or robots.
basically what i did was instead of taking payment i kept "investing my retirement account". So there's always the risk that the cord gets cut and I lose everything. So i have a huge retirement account &amp; none at all.
I'm 31
trying to be happy
i did the work of listening to the album i needed to sculpt tomorrow, and then after sculpting i'm writing an album for my girlfriend's band
Quit your job, feign mental illness, and move back in with your parents. Spend a month decompressing, then start working on your passions. I've done this and it works. I occasionally have to get a job, but I inevitably quit and go back to doing what I like. In fact, I did this three weeks ago for the exact reasons you talk about in your post. Money isn't worth your soul.
This. It also isn't financially viable to live in the rural suburbs either. The semi-rural town I grew up has been monopolised by pajeets and chinks who've built 4 bedroom houses with Mercedes parked outside. It's a "family area" and if you're a broke 20 something you can fuck off. 
I stayed with roommates in college and it was hell. Weed smoke 24 fucking 7. Constant alcoholic degeneracy and lazing around while I was trying to work and study part time. Music blasting, 5 hours of sleep if I was lucky. Fuck doing all that past age 25.
the sculpture is for a fundraiser for veganism/animal rights
The album is for a semi-big record label
Shut the fuck up you retarded boomer coomer
but you can't imagine the problems that come from being successful at working on ur passions, people suing you, framing you for crimes planning to "randomly meet" someone who stalked you to sue you for creator's rights.
i'm like god get me off this fucking ride
Ironically many of the people who do well professionally also have fulfilling personal lives since you are more susceptible to burnout otherwise
proof? Not OP but I get burned out on the regular and it could be that I don't have a social life due to living with my mom in farm territory. I'm merely just making money and surviving. I probably have some depression due to the loneliness that I refuse to face.
Moves out
MUH WHY AM I POOR AND SAD???
Bro, how can you not see that living with your parents as an adult is the redpill? You can save so much money while also helping out your elders.
trips confirm
housing is out of the price range of the middle class
soon cars will be too
stop living beyond your means
the problem with living your dreams is if society doesn't get ya, the government will, and if the government doesn't-the cesspool will
live with parents
Constant parental nagging, can't bang chicks without the awkwardness of parents hearing, the societal stigma of being a fucking manchild, in my case living nowhere near my friends.
move out
be robbed by kikes and have no money to have a social life
So which one is it?
your work
It's hardly living within your means to want the survival necessity of wanting a home to raise a family in. How about not letting boomers give our house keys to foreign investors? That seems like a better idea to me.
it's not necessary to have a family, and you're overreaching by asking for government for something you shouldn't be doing anyways
but you've become a cliche, a broke joke asking for government help instead of taking responsibility (breeder) for yourself and having any accountability
So which one is it?
The first one, duh.
It's hardly living within your means to want the survival necessity of wanting a home to raise a family in.
You can do that in your parents' house.
Why do you have the right to bring children into a world with problems-that's what everyone does. And look at how many problems there are? I mean look at you you fuckin animal, you'll die in the streets
I wish I was a dumb, drug-addled meathead in school so I wouldn't have the brain capacity to be so cynical and depressed. I remember when I was "gifted" but now I just bitch about my life as if I'm carrying the world's greatest burden by having an average job and no friends. People who are really happy never had to give it much thought; they're the NPC "could be better, could be worse" unthinking types who just deal with each day as it comes by and end up living an entire 80 years without killing themselves or worrying to death. If you're already wondering how to become happy for the rest of your life, you're probably beyond the point of saving and you've been so fucked for all your life that your frustration and self-pity will stay with you until you die.
