Once you stop idealizing women, things start making a lot more sense.
See though; you don't know the difference between "idealizing" and "devaluing." Probably because you're a retard who should have been an abortion
if the average man was as attention seeking, inconsiderate and superficial as the average woman, they would be called 'toxic'.
Not true, sometimes you have to shit on something to see it in a normal light. Just because you say something is terrible, doesn't mean you actually believe that, it's just a stepping stone to a healthier mindset.
Beautifully put. You are an anon of great insight. But you forget to tell OP to kill himself. 
Be sure to kill yourself instead of posting more incel seethe, OP.
I'm only a nazi ironically! Seriously, guys, I don't actually want to genocide the lesser races, even though they deserve it, am I right?
True, we live in very gynocentric times. 
You are a namefag, so I will discard your opinion
You are a namefag, so I will discard your opinion
Yes, but the very fact that it had to enter your head for you to discard means you're already infected. Soon doubt will creep in, and your leaning tower of bullshit will finally come crashing down. You'll finally accept that date with noose-chan, and if you care about your fellow incels at all you'll make sure you slow, agonizing death is livestreamed to the entire word.
You'll finally accept that date with noose-chan, and if you care about your fellow incels at all you'll make sure you slow, agonizing death is livestreamed to the entire word.
kek
issue is that there's a massive difference between idealizing and hating women. You should want to be with them because they are literally your biological counterpart. Maybe try being nicer to them and you'll find a special someone who you can really idealize and who'll idealize you.
you're already infected. Soon doubt will creep in, and your leaning tower of bullshit will finally come crashing down
Your mistake is that you assume other people are insecure as you. You hate yourself many times more than I did myself even at my worst.
I don't want to be idealized, that would feel gross and inorganic. That said, yeah I definitely became bitter after women didn't meet the feminists ideals I was taught growing up. I went to the opposite extreme. I think I have a healthier view of them now and don't let the feminism or incel rhetoric taint my view of them. Reality is usually a lot simpler and more boring than most people think.
Your mistake is that you assume other people are insecure as you. You hate yourself many times more than I did myself even at my worst.
If you want to play pop psychology, what you're doing is called "projection." That's where you assign your own motives and traits to me because you lack empathy and your autismo is so bad you cannot conceive of the idea that I am just not like you.
If you want to play pop psychology, what you're doing is called "projection." That's where you assign your own motives and traits to me because you lack empathy and your autismo is so bad you cannot conceive of the idea that I am just not like you. 
Yes the person who just encouraged me to kill myself lecturing me about empathy lmao. You're not even good at trolling, you're just pathetic, and not in a funny or enraging way. I unironically feel bad for you.
Yes the person who just encouraged me to kill myself lecturing me about empathy lmao
I'll have empathy for incels when incels have empathy for women. Fair enough?
You're not even good at trolling, you're just pathetic, and not in a funny or enraging way.
You did respond to me, numb-nuts. Is this your first day on 4chan?
I unironically feel bad for you.
The feeling is mutual. Thankfully, you hanging yourself will make both of us feel better.
I'd insult you, but your existence is punishment enough.
I'd insult you, but your existence is punishment enough.
In other words, you're too stupid and uncreative to be witty? Very much on-brand for you.
I agree. People are just people after all and people rarely live up to ideals.
On a similar topic: I think it's important to be aware of innate human psychological biases. Specifically the "women are wonderful" effect, the halo effect and the gender differences in gender in/out group bias (women have a strong in group bias, men do not).
