Anon, do you believe in God?
I live as if God is real
i'm a pantheist. so yes, but not in the typical way.
I live as if he isn't.
I get it, diseases, murders and rapes exist, but still reality is way too well put together, specific, complex and intelligent for me to not belive in God. I also discovered the "higher" realm by meditating and sufferinf like a motherfucker so I learned this world/plane ain't shit and atheists only complain about nothing but this earth/reality LMAO. Yeah I know death and disease suck but there is something more to all of this, which all of you have experienced (being a kid for example) but your hearts hardened, became cold and evil.. 
I belive in God because I can't conceptualise the world making sense and not being a god
No, but I believe in the principals and values of the Christian God
Nope. If someone wants my everlasting love and obedience, I think it's pretty reasonable to ask for one personal email in return. God is literally all-powerful, so if I can send emails by accident while drunk, He can send emails on purpose to save my soul or whatever. But I never get an email from Him, no matter how many times I argue with people who believe in God, all their prayers are never enough for just one little email.
So you pretty much admit that it's your own failure.
intelligence is a controlled thing potentially so like to this question was a joke but now it's gone neither do nor don't
Can you give me some tips on how to meditate please? I never quite understood it it seems like a difficult concept
I know it will work but I'm too lazy and ADHD to do it.
I think christcucks are disgusting people and your faith is literal shit
Yes and I hate him because he is an evil tormentor
Nope
everything just sticks together just perfectly to make reality possible magically bro
Yeah I feel like you're the one blindly hoping this was all random and there is no God, for sure that chance technically exists, but my conciousness doesn't allow me to see it that way. I will be looking at my hands and think "aint no way this came from a random blind nonsensical chemical reaction in earth"
I feel like after a point, it's all left to opinions
All left to opinions in the end.
This will sound wild and stupid but meditating depends more on your lungs than your brain. Meaning if you want really deep meditation, you need to either fast or exercise like a motherfucker, or learn to breathe as deep as possible, fuck it even hyperventiate, so your brain gets as much circulation and oxygen as possible. Even coffee can help you with this but make sure you don't have any heart disease. Then you just close your eyes and breathe through your nose conciously. Bicep curling a barbell breathing steadily also counts as meditation, doing pushups breathing steadily also counts as meditation. Working 10 hours a job you hate counts as the greatest meditation there is
I do. I've lived through too many "coincidences" not to.
When you subsume your will to God's will, you life will be easy and you will receive many blessings. When you resist God's will you will face many trials untill you learn.
And you will learn.
