white people be like
we are the most empathetic race
white people be like: 
did that nigger just call me a "cracker" with a hard r?
Towards people yes, nit towards niggers.
some literal who fat dude dies in 1914
20 million yt dudes chimp out and murder each other 
whites: WE ARE LE MOST EMPATHETIC AND LOGICAL RACE
white people be like
why the fuck are you so goddamned obsessed with us it's all you guys think and talk about, fucking mayominds.
White people in a mexican resturant be like
Excuse me can you please show me where the EL BANO is.
of all the races, whites get the most triggered when you hurt a dog, and it's hilarious to see the fallout of a dog-induced spergout
NOT THE HECKING PUPPERINO PLEASE KILL ALL THE CHILDREN BUT NOT THE DOGGO
hi cameron
Towards people yes, nit towards niggers.
Don't lie. We could spit on your face and treat your race like our bitch and they'll still come crawling back supporting BLM like a good little boy.
Game over wh*te boi.
whites aren't empathetic after all!! checkmate!
we could spit in their faces and they would still be nice to us!! lmao!
Pick a narrative at least, subhuman.
I saw a tiktok of a wh*te woman saying she saw a homeless man with a dog and she ended up caring more about he dog than the actual human being.
Niggers are worthless monkeys who serve their white masters.
whitoids are subhuman and haven't evolved. they still care about the livelihood of outgroup species instead of the collective betterment of the domineering species at the top of the food chain.
Only thing the chinese got right was to not have a soft spot for animals and start broiling and maiming dogs while limp-wrist whitoid plebbitors scream and piss their pants for justice demanding neoliberal imperialism cause that's the only thing they're good at, stealing.
I cannot wait until the white race dies out, it'll be heaven on earth.
White males are killing themselves in droves everyday and nobody cares lmfao. Good riddance
I love fucking white women because it makes white men seethe. I hate whites but I wouldn't mind knocking one up with my superior happa child and watch the white man froth at the mouth over the fact a chink is impregnating his precious Becky.
lmao sure thing buddy
my hapa child
Why why why!!. Why would you say that?!!.
Like moths to a flame, the angry white "men" show up. Your women have yellow fever and can't get enough of average asian cock. Get over it.
You're 5'3. and you're a chink. i rest my case
black males at half the rate of whites even though they make up less than a quarter of the white population.
lol.
lmao.
literally ratiod bro.
5'10* White men are so angry that the average gen z and younger asian man is just as atll as them lmao. They lost the one thing they had on us and are now powerless.
White people committing suicide is the funniest shit to me. Sometimes, I like to visit gore sites to exclusively watch whites get snuffed from existence.
even the tall gooks look disgusting and no most of you are still short af even the american ones, but jesus cope some more. we also have better facial aesthetics especially the germanic genes
you think that hurts the white people reading this but it kinda just makes us feel sorry for you. you're pretty preoccupied with hate. that wasn't god's plan for you, surely right, anon?
WHITE PEOPLE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR EVERY CONFLICT AND WAR In HISTORY EVER. NO OTHER RACE HAS EVER HAD A TRAGIC NONSENSICAL WAR!!!! NEVER!!!! SOURCE: w- what do you mean source?!? JUST TRUST BRO 
Cool bait nigga, try harder next time
still come crawling back
Yet another Walmart closes in Chicago.
black ppl have true empathy
ppl think of empathy as 'nice ppl, push overs'
the nice ppl pushovers are without real empathy struggling to use cognitive empathy to not be cast out by the social group
black people don't give a fuck, and as a collective they are strong
You must have to scroll a while then dude, gore threads are more diverse than college campus stock photos. I know more Portuguese than I ever expected to.
My favorite one was some white zoomer scrolling through tiktok and a based spic just axed him in the head out of no where with the axe he was buying from him.
least mentally ill Jew
Literally wants me dead and literally thinks it's funny. I hate you, too.
Asians killing themselves far more.
Niggers killing each other far more.
Jews are hated by everyone. 
Whites have won and you are jealous.
Lol this
(adding filler words)
Are the vocal online majority of white people saying that black people should die?
heaven on earth is living in mud huts and dying of starvation
I cannot wait until the white race dies out, it'll be heaven on earth.
It will either be the exact same shit or worse
