Why does the fact that adult virgins exist shock normies so much? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZllvUE-EVtk [Embed]
Normies are extremely sensitive to any slight thing that is outside of normal expected social protocol, so a guy openly admitting not getting sex and being a KHHHV doesn't process for them.
You posted this the other day.
Damn they're roasting Chad Marco
Not even once
True that. Women are just completely incapable of understanding the situation men are in.
Women trying to help men are like a sheltered son of a billionaire going "Why didn't you get your butler to do it for you?"
What's wrong with this mentality? Sounds based to me. Succubi can get the rope.
lmao imagine going to a woman for therapy. Might as well go to a billionaire and ask for advice on how to survive in the slums of Somalia.
people actually get surprised by this shit? I thought it was an incel or television thing
I still remember telling this girl that was into me I was actually a 21 year old virgin.
ok ok ok wait. are you for real?
Yes
She considered me retarded after. Yeah I find it wierd aswell
In there minds suffering doesnt exist outside of African starving commericals and the occasional European killing each other war
I'm a normie and it doesn't shock me at all. I'm around those types on a regular basis; and in fact, I'll be around those types in just a few hours.
Sorry to hear about that, bro. Retail job or forced socialization?
Socialization at a locale teaming with autists.
Damn, you're not even getting payed for it then lol.
Interesting how having experience actually narrows your view.
if a woman is still a virgin by 25, shes pure and would make a fine wife. if a man is still a virgin by 25, there must be something wrong with him and hes probably an incel. this is normie logic not my own
virginity is only seen as a good thing in women, NOT men
Nah, but it's worth it.
I am a normie- lost my virginity as an adult at 19, and I have a ltr now. I don't care about adult virgins.
furthermore a prime example of this is how women are allowed to sell their virginities on the market for upwards to millions of dollars while men dont get that same pleasure
based chad marco, i resonate with this... also a 30y.o virgin
the normies need to realize their over the top reactions don't help the cause.... but what they say about the inexperience and sexuality being like a muscle you need to train rings true
us late bloomers are in limbo, our sexuality doesnt exist outside of the internet where we can get "girls" with penises that are hotter than any real girl ever and be subjected to all sorts of unrealistic standards and expectations, which even puts our own sexual orientation into question because we've never gone through any self discovery/experimental phase 
but it's also like an out of sight, out of mind kinda thing too, we can't miss what we don't know/never had
It doesn't make you the center of attention. A lot of retarded spergs here think oversharing and self-incriminating will make others like them for whatever retarded reason. It's stupid, so don't do it.
Unless it was for religious reasons or because she was raised by overprotective religious parents, there will be something wrong with a 25+ year old female virgin living in the West. 
If you're looking for one some of them will have high IQs and you can find them in quantitative STEM fields.
I took a STEM degree and there we precisely zero women in the building.
Not to mention, even if you do find a STEM woman, she's likely to pick another man instead of you.
All the STEM girls I've met are currently in a long term relationship.
What the fuck are you on? Why are you acting like there's some massive trend of 30+ men coming out as virgins and begging for attention? I'm 31 and a virgin and I told nobody because I know it would welcome ridicule, condescension, or worse, pity. Normies are largely repulsed by virgins as they see them as social lepers and lesser beings. Whats worse is that the volcel argument will never work with normies, you cant convince them that you just genuinely gave up without reveaing your power level about the state of society and the nature of females, so in their eyes you can only be a total sad failure unworthy of respect.
I tell people and don't give a fuck.
When you're this age you should really stop caring about what others think. It literally doesn't matter, 90% of people are borderline retarded anyways.
It just hurts that they're tearing marco down when he's literally a volcel. normies can't tell the difference. as a volcel, I just tell normies I don't have a gf right now. I don't tell them my whole life story, I make it sound like I was in a relationship before cause I know they'll just clown me if I tell them I'm a virgin.
Being a black virgin is serious business, whites have no creep the despair we blackbots feel knowing most black men are hyper confident smooth operators
yeah you get made fun of starting in middle school cause black dudes lose their virginity very early on average. when you're one of the ones who make it to your 20s/30s as a virgin, these guys will start asking questions. usually they just chalk it up to you being gay, when really you're just undesirable.
They lose it in elementary school, black lolis are very forward.
Sitting around in internet circlejerks is pretty gay to me,nigga
chad marco is too brave, I would never do that
Wait is the Tyrone implying you can get out of virgin stigma by claiming to be volcel? Huge if true.
still a 25+ year old woman can sell her virginity at anytime. men cant do that.
Interesting that he brings up trannies. Tranny porn is pretty much the only reason why I choose to be single. I think he took the trannypill.
I watch marcos podcasts religiously. He goes into depth about trannies, he said he would never actually fuck one because they still smell like dudes and look like dudes up close. But he does like the porn because trannies are looking more like women online, with all the photoshop and angles. So I don't think Chad is gay like the commenters are saying on the video, I think he's a coomer aficionado who got lost in the pornography.
Those with privilege rarely recognize it.
yeah, because they're dudes
I feel the same way exactly. Tranny porn is a performance, not reality.
