lost my virginity to a girl who makes abortion jokes
I feel like this is a standup routine in the making. Anyway, abortion jokes thread?
I'm honestly kind of split on abortions. On the one hand, I'm all for killing kids. But on the other, it's giving women equal rights.
it's giving women equal rights
Equal right would actually be banning abortion.
A man cant get a a abortion so neither should women be able to.
Equality.
You're an abortion joke
Equal rights to who retard men don't get abortions. Getting rid of an unwanted fetus isn't killing a kid
Anyway, abortion jokes thread?
Eh, I don't know about that. Anything can be a joke with the right delivery, but abortion jokes generally have none.
americans
would think dirty talk about getting her pregnant would be super hot
America is the one place in the world I can think of where both sides can advocate for and against the death penalty at the same time.
Whether red white or blue, execution gets a purple heart.
Should have rawdogged her to see if she actually follows through with her joking
When you cut, its self harm. When you pull the plug, its self defense.
There's 2 types of babies in this world, and only 1 hates it when you fuck the other.
Playing hookys popular in the rust belt.
Why do the call it a fetus when it can feed us?
I don't get why Americans can't agree on recycling.
Pretty clever how suicide pills hit the market.
1st lesson of Landownership. Vore is best way to squat.
When the pressures high, alcohol will bring you down.
Parasites really grow on you.
Circle of life. Young, Dumb, Full of cum.
Holy fuckin' kek.
No matter where you are in life, you'll always be in a dump.
No matter the age, meat shields never seem to go out of fashion.
If a fetus gets cancer, is the baby having a baby?
Which mouth makes the better condom?
Back in the day, was a car crash a miscarriage?
I feel like this is a standup routine in the making. Anyway, abortion jokes thread?
You're a joke who should have been aborted faggot
Even with the popularity of abortion these days, our kill count seems low compared to other civs.
people arguing about abortion are always so retarded they totally miss the point.
if the baby is a life, then it's murder and wrong.
if not, sure go ahead, it's your body. kill that mf.
the focus should be on proving that the fetus is or is not a form of human life.
why are people so retarded?
Seems like there's an inconsistency on whether a child is a human or object.
One side sees birth a miracle, yet a child as an extension. The other sees birth as a burden, yet sees a child as an adult.
Can children consent? One of life's great mysteries...
Do objects have the right not to be broken? What would God say?
yeah.
also if someone dropkicks a pregnant woman on the uterus and she miscarries, i would think that that, while pretty cool, would be murder.
oh well, who knows.
Throughout human history, those in power have consistently and constantly denied the humanity of people they sought to exploit. Serfs, slaves, enemy combatants, those of differing religions, gays - they are not human, so you should feel no guilt for any action taken against them. Foetuses are the exact same, and their denied humanity seeks to benefit our overlords. 
For a time, a man alone could sustain a family by himself with a relatively normal job. Women entered the workforce, and suddenly a single person cannot provide for a household alone anymore. But women have babies, require maternity leave; they are far more costly employees. So, you convince women they'd be happier without children, and tell them they can kill their children with impunity. There, you've doubled your work force. And if you have to ask where future generations of workers will come from, you clearly haven't been paying attention to the demographics of western countries lately.
What does an abortion have in common with Charlie Sheen's birthday party?
Getting mashed, sucked and ending up in a dumpster
while i do think you are onto something i have to ask: did you or did you not take your meds today?
When my wife walked in on me fucking our daughter, I'm not sure what she was horrified by the most. The fact that I was fucking our daughter, or that the abortion clinic let me keep her.
Cheeky cunt you are. I commend you.
OH FUCK ONE THAT IS ACTUALLY FUNNY
bumping for the bumps
