Did you ever have an ugly and/or fat girl in school like you, but you were young and didn't think you'd be foreveralone so you said no and now you deeply regret it?
no
This
I probably would have been with a girl like that if she liked me and was sweet.
at least one girl has masturbated thinking about you, let that sink in incels
doubt.wav
How would you know?
Once this retarded handicap girl liked me, but still thought she was hot shit. She was like 19 but looked like she was 40 and needed to ride around in a rascal. She also just broke up with her obese cornfed boyfriend who didn't use deodorant.
I don't regret saying no to her one bit.
That's cap
Im 3/10 at best and worse in highschool and college
you've never masturbated with a girl on discord or omegle or anything like that?
had this french girl on omegle literally spread her legs and masturbate to my face once
you've never masturbated with a girl on discord or omegle or anything like that?
No.
I'm an incel. My face is not attractive.
Nope
Yeah there was this kind mid black chick that I used to work with
She used to come over to my work area a lot and talk to me and all these girls I worked with said that
 She's got a crush on you
She eventually got a bf, and I haven't seen her in like 2-3 years
Regret not getting my dick sucked at least
 Another time shortly after high school
There was this festival in my town, and I saw these two girls I went to school with
 Both hot BTW 
They walked by me and were like
 OH hey anon, how are you doing, what have you been up to, do you like the music that's playing right now
I was to much of an artist to do anything and was just like
 Okay nice to see you, Bye!
Probably could've had a three way, haven't seen either of them since then
God fucking damn it
I had the same experience
And with trad wife tier too, but she's not good looking so I kinda treated her like a little sister at work
I am now just realizing the signs I've missed and how I've wasted my chance
Fuck it all
yes, I've been hit on by at 20+ fat ugly girls over the years but i've rejected them all because i want a skinny gf
Humiliation fetishes exist
Yes, but they were actually pretty good looking and dorky. I never made a move and was terrified of being mocked if I dated the wrong girl. Now I'm a 33 year old virgin that looks back on these failures and feel a dull, miserable ache in my stomach. I'm such a fucking loser.
With Chad? Absolutely
Only left-most seems sociable enough to want to engage my autistic antics. For some reason the pretty girls were always okay with talking to me, but not their lackeys
I know at the very least could've gotten over that hill, and had some sexual experience
I don't have a humiliation fetish.
kinda. She wasn't fat or too ugly just mid 5 or 6/10, I honestly just rejected her because she was kind of a bitch. Found from a mutual she wanted my number, and was trying to date me. But I rejected her when she asked me out, looking back I probably should have it that, maybe losing my virginity at 16 would made a different person today, but at the same time she wasn't nice to anyone lol so it would end badly.
No but plenty of girls do so cheer up you might be the disgusting fat old man she schlicks over when she's feeling suicidal
Nope. Every woman I've ever rejected was a thot and every woman I've ever accepted was worth dating at that period in my life.
I actually thought this was a meme. Until I saw 4 months ago the most beautiful girl I have ever seen with a fat dude. It wasn't an escort I could tell the way she was leaning on him, and how she looked at him they are actually bf and gf.
Crazy, but if you're lucky. There's a chance she has low self esteem, and is into fat guys/ugly guys
Bro honestly this just shows how shallow you are. You don't really care about anyone, you just want to get your dick wet. If you really liked her enough you could subtly encourage her to lose weight if the weight was that much of an issue, but nah apparently surface level stuff is the only thing you pay attention to.
Do I regret not going out with the ugly/fat chicks that liked me?
No because had I felt anything for them I would've went out with them.
Projection, the postt
have you ever talked with a women? that doesn't work, she will gaslight you into thinking she is fine and it's genetic
What part of subtle do you not fucking understand? If the relationship is good enough, that's an issue you can press at some point, and if she's not willing to compromise on that then that's what it is but you don't know until you know.
The funny thing is that that in itself is a projection.
If she is actually into you and you do physical activities (lol) like hiking she will want to join you and will thus lose weight
Happened a lot. I was a lot more popular with girls as a schoolboy.
I don't know if the game is just easier in high school or if the game was just easier ten years ago or if I just had a huge glowdown since then.
Typically I would turn down a bunch of opportunities because of a little problem called oneitis. Simpage if you will.
I still regret the ones I let get away because I was a little too squirmish or unsure of myself or picky. Expertise comes from experience and mindset which I didn't have until I had it.
I had many fat girls like me, and for some reason they were always the most pushy/forward. I was a tall skinny shy boy and I damn near got harassed into dating fat girls multiple times. Took a lot for me to finally stad up and say NO because I didn't want to be mean or whatever. I don't regret it though, I had a lot of qt skinny girls like me and eventually one of them asked me out.
I wonder what it all means
It's cause they know they aren't going to have a guy approach them so if they want a boyfriend they gotta be the ones to ask. I one time had this ugly fat girl ask me out on the bus with all of her friends staring at me. I guess she wanted to pressure me into it but I felt none at all and simply said no. She started crying and her friends were looking at me like I was a piece of shit but I couldn't have cared less.
Sort of, only one was fat and none were particularly ugly they were just normal looking.This happened a few times where a girl would be interested in me and I would be oblivious or think I could get something better. I was just really fucking dumb when it came to girls. I had to go to religion class once a week up until we all made conformation and there was this girl who would slap and grab my ass whenever she could. She even made sure to be right behind me during the actual conformation ceremony and was grabbing my ass in church. I took this as her purely making fun of me instead of her trying to flirt and never slapped her ass back. This happened a lot, girls would tease me in a flirty way and I would just think they were being mean to me, had multiple chances to have sex and get a gf but I was retarded. Now I'm 32 and actually am foreveralone.
every time
Soulless, soulless evil.
How blackpilled do you have to be to even think like this?
Yes there was this one kinda chunky soccer girl and she talked to me after she bodychecked me in lacrosse and sent me flying 
She called me but i was playing the stalingrad mission in world at war in my basement so no service
I had a lot of girls that liked me, I was just too socially anxious to do anything about it
There's a difference between "hope" and outright stating something to be true. If I was dumb enough to believe that a girl liked me enough to masturbate to the thought of me then that wouldn't be "hopeful" it would be delusional.
My best friend's gf's sister liked me when I was in college. She was quite overweight and I didn't find her even remotely attractive. She tried hooking up with me on my 21st birthday and even being super drunk I couldn't bring myself to do it. Now I kinda wish I had.
I wish fat girls showed interest in me. One of my lifelong goals is to have a chubby gf.
I don't know about the "like you" part but yeah i did and i broke up with her after one week and could not have given more of a shit
OH MY FUCKING GOD SIT ON MY FACE
did you ever have a fat or ugly girl..
Yeah
No. If anything I dodged a bullet
Then why did you not end up with them?
Because I'm a slightly below average man, and therefore no chubby girls want me.
and some girls like ugly bastard hentai
And I like NTS. It doesn't mean I want a possible future gf to sleep with other men
Even if they like that sort of stuff, you need to dissociate 2D from 3D. They wouldn't do it in real life
I'm just saying some girls probably would want to be degreaded by the uglyest person they know IRL, IE you
Didn't say they'd ever actually fuck you just that at least you might be someone's rock bottom desperation fap image
My brain is just wired differently, I will always be a chubby chaser. The BBW activates my neurons, but the two tall thin girls do absolutely nothing for me. I want to dive face first into that massive ass.
Same except I want to grab that fat belly.
I'm not an incel, but when I was 14 my best friend broke up with his gf who was 16. Her face was a little off but she had the roundest, plumpest ass with a thin waist and decent tits. This was 2005 and I was obsessed with bangbros ass parade/big tits round ass videos. 
She started talking with me a lot and sitting with me at lunch, and asked if we could hang out. Like a dumbass, I ask my friend who of course says "please don't" and I respected his wishes and cut off contact and told her we couldn't talk anymore. Like a year later my best friend started hanging out with a new friend group and ditched me. 
I'm now married with children but still regret not turning her into a fuck buddy, unleashing my massive hormonal pubescant loads all over her big ass after fucking her from behind. What a fucking waste.
FUCK YOU RICKY
I could've had endless sex as a youth if I didn't have such dellusional standards back then. Now I will fuck 3/10s when I'm like a 6/10. Uglies worship u basically and their fertile pussies feel just as good.
Oh, when you mean fat you mean genuinely obese?
No, obese is too much. Actual fat is my limit. Generously chubby is my ideal.
Here, I'll show you: Something like this is about my upper limit.
And something like this is close to my ideal.
Honestly, I feel the same way. I think I prefer chubby girls just not too fat.
Fuck yeah bro.
Originality: All my life I've dreamed of dating a fat girl.
Almost. I don't regret it. I regret the attractive ones a little bit.
You ever met a fat girl you had a crush on?
No, but I sure as fuck met plenty I've wanted to bang lol
I fucking wish I got a crush on a chubby girl.
Yes.
Original handmade origami
I think I liked a chubby girl.
I never knew how to talk to her though. I wanted to.
How old were you at that time?
I knew her throughout school.
I think some classmates thought we would be a good fit because she was shorter than me and I was very short when I was little. I grew taller and still knew her by 15 and she seemed nice to me.
Damn, dude. Do you think there's any chance of getting back in touch with her? It might be worth it.
they are evil and gay hypocrites
I don't know how I would go about it. I don't even know what she is doing today. It's 5 years later.
If you remember her name, you can at least find her on facebook or something. Maybe look through friends of her friends. It's worth at least looking into.
Nope. I would still deny a landwhale instantly without regret. I'll die a virgin before stooping so pathetically low.
I haven't used facebook in years but I actually have her as friends. I don't know what I would say. She looks good.
Maaaan, don't let that opportunity slip away, don't be lazy. The least you could do is message her.
Tell her you were thinking about your HS days and that you want to talk to her to catch up. Then once you get enough info, like does she still live in your area, maybe if she's seeing anyone, then you might be able to make a move. Tell her you wanna catch up over lunch or something lol.
You have the opportunity to really make it, don't waste it bro.
