<comment>
Recently I found out my mom cheat on my dad in the past, she says that she doesn't love my dad anymore even if he's still her best friend, she does acknowledge it wasn't a good thing to do and ended the affair.
I felt so bad for him.
I don't want him to know though, he's old, and she's the breadwinner, wins 5x times what he does, and even then he's just about to retire.
This is their issue, I don't want to stick my nose in it, but until I found that out, I hadn't noticed how cold and distant our home had become, I felt even worse, not even because of mom's affair but by how everyone has started to take everyone for granted, going in autopilot.
My dad is a salt of the earth type of guy, if there's something going wrong he won't express it.
He'll pretend everything's okay.
So today, when he came from work. I hugged him, I hugged him and I hadn't done that since I was a teen, then he hugged me back.
His day just seemed a little bit more brighter, he talked to everyone a little bit more, he talked to me about stuff.
And mom and him are hanging out again, they're watching a movie right now 
I don't expect this somehow is going to miraculously fix their marriage, if they're gonna divorce eventually when my sister is older that's something for them to decide.
But I just wanted my home to be warm again, for them to be friends again, I want him to know there's people that love him without him having to assume it, that all that sacrifice wasn't in vain.
Never again I wanna see my dad alone and I'm gonna hug him every day to remember him that.
Tomorrow I'm gonna try to convince him to make a doctor's appointment because I don't remember the last time he saw one.
Hug your dad anon, kiss your mom.
Don't take them for granted.
<comment>
I even prayed to God for the first time since I was a teen.
I admitted that I was probably bring hypocritical, since I couldn't be sure if I had still the faith I had as a kid, and that I was being a coward for praying after so long just to help me again.
That I had done perverse things in my life but I never wanted to be like that, that's just how I ended somehow.
But that if he does exists, I need his help 
I don't want miracles that make my parents fall in love again, I just want the warm and love to come back in my home.
And then see where that takes us.
And I still don't know if God helped me but that calmed my anxiousness and gave me the courage to break the ice and hug him.
And now they're watching a chessy movie and talking about it together like I haven't seen them do in weeks, maybe months.
I'm gonna pray to God every day.
It's not much, but my home is warmer than it was yesterday and a my family just a little less cracked.
