Why are simps so rampant here?
its all bots and trannies here, robots killed themselves a long time ago
Bots on top of bots
i love having simps. my whole life i was bullied for being ugly but i have guys who send me hundreds of dollars with me even giving them lewds or anything past face pics.
Most fuckwits hate to admit it but they think the world works on a karmic system that they'll be rewarded for positive thoughts and intentions.
aye bby i'm tryna join your simp squad 
floofy#7499
FUCKING DIE ESL RETARD
https://derpibooru.org/3108210
Your life will certainly
Be ending and it'll
Happen violently due to
Bad decisions you made
Wtf? We were talking about the simps that are a plague in this board.
YOU'RE A FUCKING PLAGUE, ESL RETARD.
yes the barney schizo has come to derail another shitty femanon thread
Which you felt would
Save the world but
They actually wouldn't and
Would only look good
Why are you calling me an esl?
JUMP OFF A FUCKING CLIFF ESL RETARD
https://derpibooru.org/images/2352574
nasty soles and shit
In your mind which
What do you have against esl people?
LITERALLY PUT YOURSELF INTO A GRAVE
Appears to be very
Shallow given how little
because people woke up a little
I've used this board for only 2 days and now I'm a plague infesting the /r9k/ board? Schizophrenic.
UNIRONICALLY THROW YOURSELF INTO ACID ESL RETARD
skizo is just one thing from the darkness of humanity and then becomes nothing all over again it's all just trickery
tm tm tmtm tm
Planning you put into
wasting your life on negativity bro
YOU'LL BE BURNED TO YOUR FUCKING DEATH
Only a government full of retarded agents would give schizophrenics access to an acid tank.
LITERALLY BREAK YOURSELF ESL RETARD
It as it happens
You die and there
Will be much glory
Had knowing you've been
Taken out and won't
i dont want to die oh woah bleed
Don't think it wont happen to you
Up you'd remain formless
You are acting as if I've been posting for literal years.
you will die first oh woah 9000
BURN YOURSELF ESL RETARD
You won't be great
at least i am not a footfag weirdo like you
/ptg/ really needs your help.
And very lifeless like
There's no signs of
Life left in you
Shut up already schizophrenic.
based schizo
can you do this to all the shitty """femanon""" threads please ?
he wont because he's lashing out at non-existent bronies
he's afraid of real people
pathetic taste in 4channel boards ac
lazy crazy schwayzy
