you wake up tomorrow looking like this facially
whats the first thing you do?
Buy a mcdonalds ice cream and make a video.
I'd be pretty fucked I think. Nobody at my grad school would believe me so I would just lose all the hours in school I've put in. All of my identification cards would now be totally useless so even getting a minimal income job would be impossible. I'd essentially become an illegal immigrant overnight with no identity. Given I'm completely dependent on student loans I would very quickly go broke and destitute. I don't have any close relationships so there's nobody I could even convince that I'm actually me. I'd probably have to admit myself to an emergency room and claim total amnesia and just hope that the authorities believe me enough to set me up with a new identity for being at a loss on what else to do with me. Then maybe I could slowly begin to build some semblance of a normal life. Also you know probably hop on tinder or something idk
Get on Grindr
Get naked and climb a tree and roll on the grass. Laugh, cry, wake up.
Do I change back the next day, or do I stay like that?
there are 3 paths
fuck random hot girls
and get easy customer service job
look for mediocre woman working at government pensions place. 
fuck hre and make her fall in love with me. get her to help me get on retard benefits.
but you'd be cheating
[The priest] stood there with his back to me for quite a long time. His presence was grating and oppressive. I was just about to tell him to go, to leave me alone, when all of a sudden, turning toward me, he burst out, "No, I refuse to believe you! I know that at one time or another you've wished for another life." I said of course I had, but it didn't mean any more than wishing to be rich, to be able to swim faster, or to have a more nicely shaped mouth. It was all the same. But he stopped me and wanted to know how I pictured this other life. Then I shouted at him, "One where I could remember this life!"
Is this from The Stranger?
Suck a dick and break the stigma about chads not sucking dick.
yesu
You change back to your old self whenever you decide to and go back to your regular self and life and your chad-trip is over.
Still a 5'8" manlet so it literally doesn't matter, so keep living life like normal I guess.
My personality has been ruined by over a decade of isolation. I'd be a mentalcel.
Anon, just admit you're a faggot and go suck some dick already.
The virgin masturbation
fapfapfapfapfap.....
THE CHAD COCKSUCK
How would I know what I look like if I can't see me?
the same thing I do every morning:
I boot up my PC and complete my daily commissions in Genshin Impact.
wish i woke up like this anally instead
have sex with as many stacies as possible, now that i have sexual access to them due to my chad looks.............
Immediately kill myself 
t. ranny
lookism.net poster
tyler maher has a bimbo wife jfl
be very fucking upset
