How many of you useless faggotz lifted today?
Lol, no.
Well you better get lifting then kek
Am I greedy for wanting it all? Like some kind of warrior monk vaguely hermaphroditic super soldier?
you hella bais't
gun peaceful gymbro and be a girl
I don't see opiates, barbs or deleriants anywhere in that picture OP
y'all niggas can suck my tongue, I'm on that monk shit
Many devoted monks die with strong regret. When you suppress a thought or part of your nature it grows stronger beneath the surface of your mind.
This was my workout today anyway. Each tally mark is a set of 5.
Monk mode is bullshit without physical training and martial arts.
I'm lifting, running, doing combat sports and gaming. Usually I lift slightly above body weight, but recently got a bit weaker due to overtraining. Switched from 5 sets 5 repetitions every second day with high weight to 4x10 2-3 times a day with lower weight to enhance my strength recovery and bring in some diversity. Any advices (aside from roping)? Heard quite often that I should cancel out running, but I want to keep my stamina and swiftness for combat sports.
I've never lifted weights in my life, and I don't intend to start. When I'm struggling with things I fast and meditate.
recently got a bit weaker due to overtraining
This is one of the things I love about lifting. On rest days you can sit on your ass doing nothing eating all you can and feel good and make gains.
Try higher intensity less duration with running like doing hill sprints. Humans can jog forever without gaining or losing much cos we're designed for it. Sprint/walk instead of jogging for half the duration you would jog and you'll see similar results with less strain on your body and joints especially if you run uphill then walk back down.
Also your body adapts to whatever you finish your workout with so if you wanna gain mass run first then lift.
I only started four days ago, but every day since so far.
I took the monk path, I'm a monk of my own made up religion.
Besides the point I also did lift today, and practiced my own made up martial art.
I look around and everything I participate in is someone elses conducting, it's healthy to have a couple of important things I can call my own.
Cool what's it like. GIF related is this time we were drinking and my mate was trying to kick me in steel cap boots so I got him with some kind of Aikido wrist throw.
This is the guy from previous GIF dropping this other guy I hang out with time to time.
So you want to be an ambush super-soldier?
You are doing God's work anon. Almost every single day I remember the thousands and thousands of young men suffering AGP and depression who have fallen into porn addiction. I fell as far as a person ever could, but managed to overcome my AGP and I dont even have any relapses anymore.
How, nothing worked for me.
Sweet move, my art is based mainly on light footwork and attacking based on your opponents "grounding". Basically moving to get their front leg weighted and taking the knee out with short downward angled kicks.
Well since you already recognize the root issue it should be fairly easy to avoid the greatest pitfalls. Honestly, starting antidepressants reduced sex drive enough for me to quit porn alltogether so by the time the side effects subsided I was able to relegate porn within acceptable boundaries and repress repress repress the AGP until I don't even feel the urges anymore. Exercise especially lifting deffinetly helps a lot.
I also like lower leg kicks and stomps wing chun has some good ones.
Today is a rest day. I don't think lifting is a way out of depression though. I've been doing it for a few months and I still feel like shit. At least I'll be depressed and strong.
Are you sure you don't? I can believe you didn't feel it with no sex drive.
Also based trips Australian Satan.
yeah I agree, Wing Chun has a lot to give if you're someone who takes bits from all sorts of disciplines. Muay Thai had pretty devistating low kicks also.
I lifted myself out of the bed to take a shit. Does that count?
I went lifting yesterday
I wish I had known earlier it would feel this good, despite the debilitating muscle soreness
When you are healthy and mentally adjusted its much easier to notice and vaporize those feelings due to the contrast with your new healthy perspective on life. Once the cycle of addiction is broken completely its much easier. But yes whenever I have masturbation time my mind wanders and I've had relapses at first of wearing stockings and panties but not for over 6 months. Otherwise when properly managed AGP can function like a common fetish which should fairly easily be kept within acceptable boundaries without extending out into real life.
me
Years of manual labor fucked up my lower back, and a couple of motorcycle crashes ruined my knees. I want to start going to the gym but I have no idea what I'm doing so I don't bother.
pistol squats and hindu squats, you can do both at home, you won't need to add weights for at least two months of progressively getting more control more reps and deeper squats
Digits in this thread
Bet son, now checkem
It's true; those are numbers
It doesn't extend into my real life, yet I don't get off to anything else.
checking cosigned
doing Gods very own work
