Say something nice about females, anon.
I respect and admire their cunning
They're attractive from the ages of 11-16.
I like the way their holes feel around my cock. I like when they let me nuzzle my head into their chest and cuddle extra hard while they touch my hair.
I'll say something i have said before. femanon or anon who identify as female (larping or not) make the most intelligent people in r9k. i don't know if it's because they troll/shitpost less or if they just have better taste. i think it's the latter. If I was able to talk about Dostoyevski, Fellini or Ginsberg in this board it was most of the time with an anon identifying as female
like the way their holes feel around my cock.
/thread desu
fmoids should go watch my stream ty kick.com/leafy
Dear women,
You are all beautiful when you smile.
:)
When those copper redhead ones with the kind of pig noses are thicc they tend to be thicc in a really good way
They won the battle of the sexes without firing a shot, against all odds because they're the most manipulative creature ever created. It's honestly fascinating. I think about these physically weak humans that are about 5'4" on average and they rule the civilized world. I'm 6'3" and see them out everywhere, as I tower over them on sidewalks and such, dressed in their impractical clothing in their impractically built bodies, and I always think how crazy it is that society improbably bends the knee to them. I tip my hat to their cunning and mind control powers
League 
I don't think I will.
I'm 6'3"
You think that's some kind of achievement, you piece of shit? You think that you're better than me just because you're tall, faggot?
Some european girls have interests and personalities.
i like to brush my gfs silky black hair aside, exposing her delicate neck, and kiss it
That's nice :l
They're much cleaner and better-smelling than men on average.
They are endearing when innocent, but they never stay innocent
I've noticed that intelligent women only use their intellect to manipulate others, never for anything else.
shut, false-flagger
foid
I honestly feel sorry for obese women, and I hope that they live fulfilling lives and find people who love them. I see them as true femcels, who suffer due to the fact that they think that they already have no future, so there is no reason to diet or try to lose weight.
Bitch, I am saying that from my vantage point the whole situation seems even more preposterous. If you landed on a planet where the short weak people were essentially in charge of society, you would be bewildered also. It's a mind fuck to look around at all these short creatures knowing they are my rulers in society. I'm impressed by your powers. They're magic-tier
They're able to bring an emotional comfort that nobody else can, I think.
Nah, don't think I will.
I can, but I won't.
They can look and/or smell nice. It feels nice to cuddle with them, kiss and hug them. That is about it!
The life of every single male on earth is unfulfilled without the love of a woman. That's the reason I fucking hate them, I just need them so bad is not even funny anymore
Say something nice about females, anon
Sex with biological females make me happy!
are you a girl? come watch me play vidya kick.com/leafy
They tend to be loud / expressive during sex / Masturbation, shit's hot af
I like kissing their butts licking their buttholes
they seem nice when they like you
when they feel nothing for you they are quite dismissive
that's the same with men too though
from my experience most people just kinda suck, me included
I like holding onto em in bed and smelling them
they look sexy when they're dead
some of them are so pretty
I hate that this never happens and people think that's fine
They sure know how to disregard other people's feelings that's for true
They sure know how to disregard other people's feelings that's for true
But when have you cared about women's feelings?
i like when they laugh at my dumb jokes
from my experience most people just kinda suck, me included
You for sure
wearing earphones while cycling
isn that illegal? surely thats illegal
AHAHAHAHAHA THAT WAS SO FUNNY *he cute*
They are good at acting like they care
and pretty fun company while they are still freshly obsessed with you.
No complains about that. Sad they never stay that way for more than a few months tops
Around here, no 
You need to tune volume low enough to be able to hear warning signals, then it is legal.
But I am pretty sure you will have major trouble proving that, if shit hits fan.
 They are good at acting like they care
and pretty fun company 
They are great actresses and pretending. Actual factual anon
Bianca was so prettyy
Females are statistically smarter, less prone to violence and abusive behavior, and more emotionally intelligent and capable than men are, on average
Sucks that they then turn around and raise their male children to value none of that
It's a miracle that women are not more hypergamous than they actually are. If women had that male part of their brain, the situation would be 10x worse.
Yes, on the balance of probabilities, that 6'3 guy is smarter, stronger, and an overall superior being than you. Height correlates strongly with brain size which has a .4 correlation with intelligence.
there fuckable
They're there, I guess.
And if they aren't, oh well.
some of them make good porn actresses
I want to lick fembot tummies
I Love boobs. That's it, that's the post.
They make good and ORIGINAL porn.
i like making them laugh
also they smell p good
I'm always amazed at how easy it is to make them cum. They are super sensitive!
Female orgasims aren't even real, retard.
i like staring at their breasts they are pretty
Smarter
All the sources I've checked say it's p much the same
less prone to violence and abusive behavior
Less prone to PHYSICAL violence and PHYSICALLY abusive behaviour. If we could find a way to identify people who emotionally abuse and manipulate others and put them in jail then the crime rates would get to 50/50 real quick
more emotionally intelligent and capable
The benefits of emotional intelligence are only really valuable in advanced societies, aka societies in which men have already done all the dirty work first. Emotional intelligence doesn't build houses or provide food
they've doomed us all
Female orgasims aren't even real, retard.
Found the incel
idk why that always makes me smile
thanks anon
How important is dick size when selecting a mate?
not important at all
they could have it had shot off and i wouldnt care.or be paralysed from the waist down
Masturbation is enough?
Would you say it's more important to be skilled with fingers/tongue?
when they hug me i get oxytocin (yay)
They smell nice and are very lovable
I rather him have a good heart, kind and intelligent.
If he would tell me he has no clue on how to pleasure a woman, I would tell him it's silly to worry and we'll figure and communicate it out.
If he's incapable of sex then masturbation is a great replacement and would just include him and hope there will be something I can do in return to pleasure him.
but no lol no skills needed, I don't need a pornstar for a husband.
we'll figure and communicate it out.
I didn't realise my heart could beat again. I truly hope there are women out there who feel this way because it's exactly what I want, more than I can even begin to express.
Top quality woman hare
I'm a woman that feels this way, I feel like it's really simple. when you're in a relationship you're planning on marrying this person and living with them for the rest of your life. You should take it slowly and just communicate and build eachother up until there's no other person that knows you better, loves you more, knows you more, wanna be held in in the arms of. 
thanks anon
Oh, I missed the tripcode. Let's get a small farm together and spend our days tending to our crops and animals, exploring the nearby forests and rivers, and baking and cooking for each other. Not too much to ask, I'm sure.
when you're in a relationship you're planning on marrying this person and living with them for the rest of your life. You should take it slowly and just communicate and build eachother up until there's no other person that knows you better, loves you more, knows you more, wanna be held in in the arms of. 
based...
sounds too good to be true, like a dream.
too much serotine for a person.
God would probably do something bad to use like burn our farm down or give one of us cancer
burn our farm down
We'll rebuild!
give one of us cancer
...I'll cure cancer?
They are beautiful, sweet, smell nice, and are natural healers.
How'd that cat get so damn smart, huh?
glad to know you're an optimist! haha
you're the british chap right? i sent you an email back btw, I could give you another social to respond faster if you'd like
never underestimate the aristoCATs!
Besides them looking nice, I have nothing.
Is it over for me?
I certainly wouldn't say no to that.
They are really skilled at being manipulative and selfish.
Say something nice about females, anon
Tits
Women bring out the best in me. Women inspire me to become my best self. Women are so interesting and caring and passionate and dedicated and ambitious and warm and loving that I have to become the best me that I can be just to keep up with women.
awww, Im sorry. I hope you find someone
awww, Im sorry. I hope you find someone
He won't
ing
Think he meant a Y.
Thank you, have hugs :)
they are very kind to me
i wanna do cocaine and weed with a hot white girl
t. poojeet
