My favorite femanon posters are the ones who love loli
godspeed
No women like lolis because they dont like females that are superior to them and remind them that they're old hags
all women like loli because they are gay pedos
Id like to talk with those femanons into lolis then
Lorknzs#9882
loli post
manage to post one of 3 girls in the entire game who is actually legal
if it looks like a loli it's a loli
most women are into daddy shit and being called a brat its the same shit
how old is she? she looks like a loli
Loli is not age related
a new word I've learned is autopedophilia
shes 18 originaIIyly
18. Same as Wakamo.
She doesn't even look like a loli.
Yes it is you faggot retard
based
yes it is, a few exceptions dont dictate the rules
few exceptions
cap
verry based bruh
loli is just a body type!
I like little girls but only if they're 18, I swear!
Stop saying this stupid shit and just take the pedopill
I'm somewhat a reverse pedo because I get off to the idea of grown men fucking their fists to little girls. Wish I could be that young again
...do you want to talk about it more with someone? I am interested now that in hearing that from your perspective
Ahah of course anon, it's late night and I'm horny. drop disc
cancani#5504
least weird thread in r9k
ick
you are not a woman
Hi yes that's me cunnyloving femanon
I liked that one femanon who did a Q&amp;A and answered the questions genuinely.
It was kinda comfy.
become my lolicon femanon friend to gush about with lolis and share doujins RIGHT NOW
i'm still lurking, peanuts anon!
Any femanons that are into loli and are not raped as kid Japanese women are insane and unqualified to be mothers.
t.femanon
Only if you can provide lesbian lolicon doujins!! I dont really care for guys but I can gush about lolis
Wait I think you're talking about me, i remember you peanut poster, but depends which thread youre talking about
I think the thread had a picture of Hatsune Miku (forgive me if I spelled that wrong)
that would be me!! hello
Q&amp;A about what?
The robot to chad miku? If yes thats me! If not, then nvm bahaha
can you link those threads
i only have two of those and the rest are straigth oneas(as it should be) but i can tease you for being a lesbian and maybe draw you something
Its been a couple days so I can't be arsed to find it. So if peanutsposter is speaking about a more recent thread it aint me!
You can draw??? I want age gap lesbo shit hnngngngggg
Also, ONLY TWO?! why is gay loli shit so fkn RARE
Robot to chad sounds familiar. That might've been somewhere in the thread.
Hi!
I think it was an AMA, actually. It was just some Femanon who wanted other Anons to ask her questions.
yeah I do! and im pretty good, I can show you my loli drawings in DMs, do you draw too
and because lolis with guys is hotter sorry
Wait no now I remember where I interacted with you lmao. It was in my good morning losers what are you doing to better your life thread, i said it was adorable how you collect the comic panels x3
OwO
I don't draw I'm bad lmfao. And nu! It aint hotter thats just cuz youre a straight man smdh but its okay I can forgive you if you can provide lesbo lolis
That's very sweet of you, thank you.
I've been thinking of getting some more upbeat panels to balance out the sadness. I think I'm losing my "edge..."
if you draw often i find that interesting
and yes it is and yeah i do
I can only provide you with a few but will tease you a bit too much for being a lesbian lol
are you american
Some upbeat to balance out would be super cool!! Kinda like gap moe. Now I wanna drink to that too x3!
Bro don't ask me my country I aint doxing myself in a pedo thread LMAO. I used to try and draw but it was too bad and I got sick of it lmaooo. I do wanna see. You got some anon shit I can contact you on? Lowkey scared to add anything anywhere from a lolithread because it could be a spamming troll instead of you replying to this message lmao
oh lol sorry about Im retarded and didnt realize
and id love you to show me some of that art Sikusunain#2210
I think I've found a good one, here.
I have a few images with the quote "I think I'm going to cry," but never with a smile.
OOOOH i love that one!! It could be tears of happiness!'
Kek, I came here to point this out.
post more pics of her originallyly
brainpower decreased
