Short women
Have uglier bodies with stumpy legs
Get fat faster
Are more likely to have birth complications
Will give you incel school shooter sons
Are insecure and mentally ill
Have an attitude to compensate for their short height 
Are terrible to have sex with
Name anything that makes all of these hellish circumstances worth it
You have to be a top to understand
tall woman cope
I never expected /r9k/ of all places to have a based take on short women when I have had to hear of constant praise and desire for them. Thank you, OP.
Womanlets are not human
You can pretend shes a kid?
Put a hijab on her and eat free at halal restaurants.
I've never seen anyone praise short women, the entire world thinks they are ugly because they are
OP is right but also really tiny women are appealing on the basis of being easier to objectify. In most cases this doesnt make up for their less aesthetic bodies I've found.
/r9k/ is full of short men, they can't afford having even shorter children.
They're shorter than me so there is a possibility they could fall in love with me.
Easy to hide and play with I guess. You can play with a small girl like a ragdoll easily, or just hide her in a suitcase when you don't want people to see her.
Can literally loop them around your arm and manhandle as you want.
Name one good thing about short women
There is none.
They are shorter than me and therefore might maybe give me a chance maybe idk.
Name anything that makes all of these hellish circumstances worth it
I find them attractive.
Explain what you find attractive about objectively ugly women
short women prefer super tall men
Are insecure
Why would they be insecure? Men prefer short women generally/naturally. That's like saying a girl would be insecure about having an hourglass figure
i love tall women! they look really nice
Why? How am I supposed to get a gf then?
3ft landwhale thinks a trait as ugly as shortness is in any way comparable to an hourglass figure
kek
But tall women are men.
objectively ugly women
I reject the premise.
5'4 is not petite
This, ideal female height is 5'9'' /175 cm
Shorter or larger women have weird proportions and psychological issues over it
Short people tend to have stunted features and are not able to mature or develop secondary sex characteristics properly.
Very tiny women are not build like mature women scaled down. They are built more like children with a womans head slapped on top. So if you are attracted to that then I understand.
