Jaguar is your new teacher edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
previous desu
My radioactive girl is almost done.
good night my brothers i love yout :3333&lt;33333333
good night aiwg see you tomorrow
Good night Hanabianon, I love you too &lt;3
I'm waking up
To waifus and stuff
Goa's hair dye is fading out
I wipe my ass and I slap my nuts
I desire to breathe in, her genitals
You too
She's saying something about a CD chamber
Wonder what kind of music she listens to
Goa isn't it time you stopped using hair dye?
"No"
"Of course we'll help you with your farm, lady Saeriah, but why the overalls? I m-mean y-you look super perfect pretty no m-matter what you wear, of course!"
"It's what farmers wear, Talia. Are you stupid or something? And of course I look perfect and pretty."
Okay. It should work. I'll think on her name tomorrow. 
Sleep well. I'll go with you after I post one more.
I used my creative rights and turned her hair back to white, and also put some clothes on her and now she is crossed with me
And now she's rebelling, I used the same exact prompts but got her with black hair and no clothes
Good night anons.
Since her color scheme doesn't include purple, I think she's not human though.
So I changed it back to white and she's angery
nighty night
not sure if latex or leather, but probably very dirt resistant
"I'm not just the prettiest and most perfect, but also very practically minded you know."
Skipping episode Gladio, but Episode Prompto is pretty good so far
"So true, lady Saeriah! I'm only getting a little bit muddy digging this hole. I will follow your practical lead, always!"
Talia is such a simp
I gave her the box of hair dye back
"Am I cute uguu?"
Original appealing 2u
Okay... now that's really a goodbye, in fact.
Hey, hey. Try this >>73045890 
And now Goa killed off all of her hair with using too much hair due and has to go bald until it grows back, hope she learned a lesson from all of this
time to test these out and sexo
goodnite aiwg anons
... well I got some spare t-shirts and baseball caps in the truck, but err... not really got anything for your legs. You sure you don't want, like, money?
I never left, it's just been a while since I've seen anyone use the G word
"Ah, money. Yes. I'm new to this, but I suppose money for produce is normal for farmers?"
Looks like I got a school goer (pronounced as Goa)
nighty night, very sexo stomach and nice watercolor
I want to have sex with her
No actually, my colleague was mistaken, we'll take your first offer. Enjoy your well-earned t-shirts and baseball caps byyeeeeee!
"...s-sex?"
Talia is very happy with her new baseball cap!
"Goa, keep away from Talia. She's too dense to consent."
Good night /aiwg/
Don't touch Talia, Goa!
Summer uniform, summer hair
Sexo
Oh no Goa found a target
nighty night
Behold, my ideal of beauty
hands don't look so bad even if you look a little closely
I wish for my wife to give me a lap pillow
Very cute sweater image
Goa!
You are a cute!
happi goa noises
Then I told her I want her to fart on my cock (as a joke) and she made this face
Boyish schoolgirl waifu
What strange language does Saeriah speak?
jolly good day to you /aiwg/. Splendid weather today innit
Yeah really sunny, my pollen allergies are killing me
sporty sexo in the locker rooms during end hours
quiet thread it seems
I'm going to be able to get back2genning only after retrieving the stuff from the flea market that did not sell in my 1 week of having a table there
So far I have made 271 eurodollars in sales
Cool fedora
Schoolgirl waifu is cute to me. I wish I could've gone to generic slice of life animu highschool with her.
Hopefully tonight it will be. I want to go for a jog, thinking of my boyish wife the entire time as ever.
That is what tomboys (and gym storerooms) are for!
huh, never been to a flea market since they're not a thing in my country. What stuff is sold there?
tfw no tomboy waifu to go on night jogs with
Bundles of pokemon cards, bundles of hot wheels cars, clay vases and stuff from the 50s and 60s, official pokemon plushies, all kinds of random stuff, shoes I've only worn once or twice, random electronics, pristine DVDs and CDs, all kinds of useless stuff + some random items from the garage from my father
lots of stuff for cheap basically
Goa stop absorbing all that muck to your tits you're not fooling anyone
huh I see, basically anything goes
Pretty much yeah, it's a neat place to find all kinds of treasures and sell all kinds of junk
But at the same time that can also lead into literal junk being only there. It's a mixed bag, there are flea markets scattered everywhere in here, but some are real treasure troves that you like to go through, and some sell literal crap and have a strange constant odor of human feces and vomit hanging everywhere
There are good flea markets, and literal dumpsters. I'd compare our flea markets to american garage sales
Goa but with a skateboard
Yeah
Skate Goa
she was a skater goa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpb3p-Utxq0 [Embed]
Skater clothes are pretty neat, from time to time
Goa do a kickflip, that is an order
She does not actually know how to skate, she just poses around with a skateboard and revealing clothing on social media
"Go put some clothes on you whores"
goa is guilty of being a poser
fucking around with some older prompts, Nicole eating her breakfast
Good morning /aiwg/
Trying to gen Saeriah with a skateboard wearing a ((goblin t-shirt)) and a baseball cap.
I wanted a T-shirt with a goblin on it, but I keep getting goblin eared loli Saeriah - too young to even be Talia.
Morning Saeriah :)) Looks like shes going goblin mode
Give me this child
I shall raise another Goa out of her
Also morning
looks comfy
last one for now, gnight /aiwg/
Nighty night cool leather Nicole
"Goa you groomer"
"g-goblin mode?!? Nottu thissu shittu again!"
Good night Nicole!
I feel like trying to gen a specific image on a t-shirt is a road that only leads to complete madness, but let us know if you discover anything in the attempt.
I don't like Saejima parts so much
She looks kinda vampiric with them ears
it is the return of gobdonalds?
Yeah, I gave up on the goblin t-shirt
"One Double-Gobbo with fries to go, thanks"
blub blub blub
bubbling noises and other random nonsense in the quest for originality
Never left, friend, GobDonalds remains open 24/7. Even if you don't see us, we're always here. Like mould.
You got it, that'll be 4.95 plus tax plus vat plus tip.
... you have money, right?
"M-money!?! I though used clothes was legal tender..."
She offers you
(moncler), black puffy jacket, dirty black jacket, (dirty overalls), ((wet)), dirty,
That she wore when working on the farm
Overall, this seems to be a Goa
I'm sorry ma'am, but company policy says we can't-
*ring ring* *ring ring*
Oh, it's the manager. Excuse me but I have to take this
...
Yeah... mm-hm...
...
Whatever you say, boss. So these are your used, unwashed clothes, right? They still have your sweat and hair and stuff on them?
...
Done. Enjoy your meal.
"Sweat? I don't sweat, I'm too pretty for that."
Not even a day after leaving the farm, and her vanity is back.
(the clothes are clearly sweaty)
Ma'am there's no need for that kind of language.
Asci want to talk too
Why is my waifu a guy doe? This isn't right
Ok here we go , much better
"Look at this cool outfit"
But that's not an overall
"And?"
But I specifically asked for an overall
"But this cool"
I wish I knew what she's saying
It seems to be something heavy as she needs to hold up one of the speech bubbles with her hand
I've been busy all damn week, hopefully I can get back to some consistent Rochelle posting over the weekend again. Hello aiwg
I'd want to eat breakfast with Nicole
I'd want to mating press half gobo saeriah
Been messing with Rochelle's fashion a bit, I think she looks good in a flannel.
On your next visit, you're greeted by a new employee. There are more very similar to her dealing with other customers. She tells you they're her sisters, but they look more like clones. When you ask her name she thinks for a moment, then slowly says, "Gobriah."
Hello AIWG, thanks for giving life meaning.
Hope everyone is doing well.
You're all so good at this, I feel compelled to come correct the next time I start posting. Working on changing up a few things for maximum
 hnggggggg
"do these pants make my butt look big?"
Yes, yes they do.
So what will you wear now, Saeriah, after trading all your clothes to the goblins for a burger? A t-shirt is not really suitable for someone of your rank...
"This t-shirt was worth weeks of hard work at the farm, it's much more valuable and thus more glamorous."
That's not how value works, you were ripped off...
"..."
"I'll take that dirty ol shirt off your hands Saeriah. But only if you wear this flannel instead"
I am the gaming queen
"Thanks... but I think I need to send Talia to buy new clothes for me..."
Saeriah, the Magic Division's monthy budget is gone, you spent it all on hiring Talia and a bunch of other assistants to hang around and shower you with compliments. It's why you had to work at the farm in the first place!
"..."
The penis cracks me up so bad, it's a penis and testicals only hahahahabahabahabaab
Goa eats da borger
She has a mcflurry iced coffee mocha cholate milkshake for dessert
The ice cream machine was not broke
I'm not used to seeing Goa out in public. At least it looks like she cleaned up first. Oil is pretty fun, by the way, but I kept disintegrating.
"hm pretty comfy shirt. Though, it kinda smells."
Goa threatened to blow up the restaurant until she got her ice cream
Her ass is talking in Morse code
Yeah, oil dues do that to various degrees, but good oil
"Well get the machine working right now or else this whole place goes nuclear!"
Also she gets her breasts out as a power move or something since she refuses to gen angry and them not out
Care to dance, /aiwg/?
https://youtu.be/YmEMUs43wmI [Embed]
Text everywhere
"We're broke?!? What do I do now..."
Maybe get a job?
tried to gen Goa dancing, this was the (best) result
"Do you think people would give me money and compliments to see me provocatively dressed, maybe in my underwear?"
That's not very realistic, Saeriah.
"GobDonalds? I'm here for the job interview..."
Is this some kind of motivational speech?
Yeah
Good luck deciphering that, I'm just going to stare at her motivational tits
big motivation
weird image, and i am off to sleep, nighty night thread, did not get to gen as much as i thought I could today
Goodnight, here's the lullaby I guess
Yeah I'm on NY but I've never , you have ?
English text turning her into a real human being
I read that aloud and now my dead grandpa's knocking on my door, thanks
I found a couple of "line tags" on danbooru, going to try them
I tried them.
I'm sorry ma'am but it has been brought to our attention that you've posted racial gamer words on social media >>73054546
We can't afford to have that kind of thing associated with the GobDonalds brand, and as such I'm afraid we'll have to reject your application.
She's turning into 01000011 01111001 01100010 01100101 01110010 00100000 01100111 01101001 01110010 01101100
I swear this thread is just one guy shill posting for the site , having convos with himself
That's really cool, I love it
No, I just can't keep up, and I feel lame responding without an image
All I care about now is making the perfect waifu
there is nothing else that matters
not family, not friends, not pets, not money
Her transformation is complete 
Now I will try all of those 
 (((jaggy lines))), (((linear hatching))), ((glowing lines)), (((nazca lines))), (((telegraph lines))), (((dotted line)))
lines separately
Nah, I couldn't be bothered to pull a stunt like this even if i wanted to
The waifu matrix
"Pleeease?"
Look, you even made her cry!
Also, red eyed blonde evil sorceresses are a minority, so not giving her the job is racial discrimination!
And that word means something else in her native language (it's actually an anti semitic slur) so you're being very culturally insensitive too.
It's time to leave, ma'am.
*rides into thread*
Lucie has returned to make more anons question their loyalty to their waifus
"huh...I guess everyone's asleep right now."
*rides out of thread*
Ai decided to just give me the goods this time.
That ass is built for horse cock
"Hey Nicole do you, uh, have any money?"
I was just trying to gen something specific, and not getting it. I'll be here all night, on and off.
should I start Dead Space Remake or Kena Bridge of Spirits
Jagged lines did this
"Th-that's a highly lewd and false insinuation!"
she's bad at lying
Rochelle pixel art
Wasn't expecting the ai to do it well but I guessed wrong. Might fidget with the prompts some more and see what happens
watches one norco video essay
"You're so, uh, hot and beautiful and perfect, Lucie. ...now can you give me some money?"
Rochelle the videogame &amp; knuckles
Feels like a Signalis character
Taking away her muscle prompt and upping the cfg to 15 seems to help the ai make it look more pixely.
Looks like a scene from an indie game
I'm gonna mess with her hair style for the first time in like 2000 images
Looks like a scene from an indie game
Signalis do be an indie game
Huh never heard of it, but after a quick Google it looks pretty cool. Might have to play it sometime
Here's when I realized you talk so much more than I do
I, here's to the highlights when I was convinced
That this was much more to you than some some night shit
I know you don't need me right now
And to you, it's just a late night out
*summons some serious dosh*
"F-fine, but only if you never tell anyone what happened here today."
"Thank you Lucie, I really appreciate it. ...I'll let you sit on the throne for a bit, if you want to."
Saeriah type ponytail moment
But before she goes to the evil sorceress clothing store to buy a new outfit, she has to get pixelated.
Most gens have her looking very young though, so I guess Talia has been pixelated as well.
uuoooohhhh &lt;3
I tried making Misato from Eva but I got this instead lol
Based girl ab enjoyers
Pixelating the pixels
"Anon help, I'm trapped inside of a Game Boy Advance!"
Pixel Saeriah has leveled up
Sadly the best gens I'm getting are not that pixelated.
Do you other pixel anons use any prompts other than just (((pixel art)))?
5 thousand line tags and pixel stuff is a good idea
Started Dead Space Remake. Kinda regretting getting it for ps5 instead of pc purely because aiming with a controller is hard for me.
Pixel perfect saeriah
The prompts I used for Rochelle were (((pixel art))), sprite, retro, (retro videogame) as well as taking out some other prompts that involve high detail since those clash with the reduced quality of pixel art.
that is so much better, thank you
She has a very different feel right now
She's a virus on your computer
it's like character concept art
Thank you! Now I'm getting somewhere
You're welcome Eleanoranon
be boo boo bop
You should try prompting for a glitch effect, that'd be cool
Looks like a fighting game character, Eleanor even has a stat bar at the top left
You're welcome saeriah anon! Can already see the improvements in pixel saeriah.
"Sorry, your castle is in another princess"
respectfully heavy breathing
"Yes! I, Saeriah, am the most perfectly pixelated waifu ever!"
I think glitch tag thinks that everything in an image is a glitch and does nothing
I was gonna ask how we're feeling about the new hairstyle, but I take it you feel positively
"We'll see about that."
Damn that's a good one.
Makes sense, could maybe try with some other prompts like (chromatic aberration) or something to emulate a glitch effect but that might be hard.
The new Eleanor cut is cute, gives her more of an introvert vibe than before
That failed too, so here's the pixel Asci reference sheet
I know i've said it before, but I adore asci
What is this game and where can I play it
Pixel asci is adorable
