How come the females of our species stick much better to their sexual strategy than the males? 
From a young age, a girl learns to put on make up, she learns to dance, and she often advertise herself through taking pictures, being out with friends while dressed to kill, making tiktok videos and basically being present on every social media possible. Now ofcouse she isnt aware of what she is doing, that she is exposing herself to possible mates. But she is still doing it,constantly. 
But the males, more often they faill to pursue their sexual strategy. Which is to climb the social later but also to actively persue and proposition girls. Very often the males give up or take passive roles like moaning on incel forums or playing video games or having hobbies that dont bring them in contact with females. Very often thei fail at school and drop out of society. And when they dont fail at school, they are 100% concentrated on it and fail to learn to acutally approach girls. 
Am I missing something? Is passivity from the huge fraction of males some kind of sexual strategy?
women in prison with zero chance of of having straight sex will smuggle in makeup
That's covered by
The answer, OP, is that women have no introspection whatsoever, and therefore follow their biological imperatives without difficulty. Men tend to trip themselves up with excessive cognition.
its literally not "strategy" you retard
It's because a woman is good enough for breeding if she merely exists. When a young woman puts herself out there, she is practically guaranteed to get positive feedback. A man needs to be something more than just alive. When a young man puts himself out there, he is most likely at best ignored.
Its a group evolutionary strategy. Every female is useful for reproduction, but you only need a few males for to breed all the females, so it makes sense for the group to disperse their males over a bunch of random shit in the hope of discovering exploitable niches that will continue to benefit the group overall. Those that enjoy success are the ones that should reproduce
It's a figure of speech
These don't exist
Species don't have strategies. Only individual genes have evolutionary strategies.
Because there's no surefire way to succeed. Like f*males have.
OP here.
Im not a retard. It is strategy. A strategy doesnt have to be conscious. Your behaviour is hard coded into you and you do thing to achieve goals you arent even aware of. You are sometimes aware that you are doing the things but you come up with explanations which may be actually far from the truth. 
For example sex without condom. You think you do it because it feels better. But thats not the case, you do it because you are programmed to reproduce. 
Damn, this actually makes sense. Its like how homosexuality is also acutally beneficial for the survival of the group. Of why men are more eager to sacrifice themselves for the survival of the group.
group survival strategy does exist. 
This is why you care way less when a whales gets killed but you will think twice about risking your life to save a human baby. 
Species do have strategies becauses genes recognises themselves and help eachother when beneficial. Even men who are normally in competition to get all the women do sometimes cooperate, in order to get women. That why you get clans who go to war with other clans to kill the men and abduct the women. 
My sources : The selfish gene, evolution of desire and sperm wars
#MeToo. It's a bunch of womyn who failed at their mating strategies by getting fat or being afraid of men. They inculcate young girls into fearing men. So now you have normie girls promulgating this #MeToo shit who still exploit their sexual strategies. They get more male attention and view it as confirmation of the #MeToo shit and talk about how they hate men, often becoming the same failed losers as the original cunts. This also sends the message to men that women have decided via group dynamics that it's incorrect to behave like a man. This then rustles the jimmies of the proper women who aren't brainwashed who then become Republican and vote trump. white women were the largest demographics to vote for him btw. This stuff won't change until the female group dynamics do.but it won't because all the endocrine disruptors in food and plastics making women fat and undesirable, which then creates a fat acceptance movement and so on. It's a cycle and we're doomed.
Holy shit. Please leave this thread.
Wow! Almost like evopsych is just a bunch of post hoc "just so" stories with no predictive power or substance!
women are more likely to seek external validation to build their sense of self. they need attention in order to reflect feedback to their sense of self and belonging
This
Also large gamete sex is more likely to be conservative with their strategy than the sex with a lot of small gametes
It's a bit uncomfortable to think that the size of your gametes dictates your sexual behaviour when you're such an enlightened and civilised person, but tough luck I suppose
Also it seems some people really just don't talk to women much and are starting to consider them some sort of curse they can't escape from
The ancient Greeks thought of them as a curse from Zeus who ruined mankind's peace. The Abrahamic religions also say woman ruined everything for mankind by getting Adam kicked out of Eden. Buddha said his teachings were going to be quickly diluted now that they've reached women's ears.
This attitude is nothing new. Women are thought of as a curse because frankly they are. As a result, misogyny has become part of the intellectual tradition of mankind.
Men are trying to escape the matrix, not double down.
If there are people around, there is a nonzero chance and if there are people to smuggle makeup, then there are other people around.
How come the females of our species stick much better to their sexual strategy than the males?
Easy answer.
Yes, Evolutionary Biology.
The male strategy is very unnatural to many and requires going out of your comfort zone. Climbing the social ladder is competitive and few make it. Makeup and socializing is fun to females and requires less effort. Still competitive but not as much. It's very simple.
you jack off to child pornography
wait, you girls have strategy?
so what do you think is the answer you dimwit
its called tiktok acutally
it's a good question but my closest idea right now is that men are humanity's experiment and men in general are more interested in things than people which is the reverse for women
men are agents going face to face with uncaring nature experimenting and finding new ways to thrive while women select those males that happen upon successful strategies be they novel or traditional
dimwit
You already decided Truth before knowing it. This is what dimwits do.
I AM CERTAIN, TOO.
Yes.
No.
The nerdy girls want the dick bro. They're gonna rug the 'only way to win is to not play' strategy.
They make porn for children now?
Literally couldnt care less, this planet is polluted on the soul level. There is no Eve to my Adam, just polluted souls and corrupted agents.
So false yet so true. Incredible really. 
It's like the unconscious urges you to the truth until you find a way of expressing it in terms of your accepted dogma.
bet. as far as OP goes maybe it has to do with that thing where the only time a man releases the same chemical reaction in his brain is during his first father-son bonding moment(s), as opposed to the same chemical reaction the mother has when giving birth? dunno.
i do know your ass isnt getting no free counsel on how men play their game
first father-son bonding moment
I have never known this, I rejected my parents around age 7. Theyre just "people" that think they know me, they never knew me.
I have several PhDs, youre not "above me" on anything related to /sci/ in any form, including Psychology.
I also give lectures on Development Cognition, the key difference between male and female perceptions of communication.
Remember my name, buck-o...I AM NOT HUMAN.
Its historic dragging of the standards. Your sexual value among others of your gender is relative to them. Men invented patriarchy with men being the source of resources while also enforcing monogamy on the poor and sometimes even among rich. Making men the sorceress of labour and income flipped the biological roles where now men became more important then women. In most other species females are more important because they invest energy into the child while also taking care of themselves. In agricultural and post-agricultural humans the man is the main source of food and protection, he is more essential thus he can now become the picky one. These roles were reversed among the nobility where women no longer needed protection of the men and thus assumed the natural female superior position in pairing, but among the poor it was question of survival. Now make this system run for the course of 10 000 years and then cancel it the last 60 or so years and you will see why did this strategy persist. Also take into account that humans are mammals which overwhelmingly dont select males on looks or merit, but rather males themselves restrict each other and fight each other over bigger and bigger harems. Humans would naturally have the alpha male not be naturally selected by the women, but select himself by trashing and putting down lesser men. This might be the whole reason why women are more attracted to status, and also why they sometimes have absurd preferences like being into dysgenic loser dorks just because. Luckily humans were smart enough to stop this destructive male nature and construct strict bridging rituals which can be found even in naked jungle tribes or savannah tribes. It is all just smart artificial lowering of standards by making all men not care so that women are forced to take bad partners just because there arent better ones. Plus it also works that women sexuality is a meme.
It's probably because women only think about their pussy while men think about their dick and other things too.
If all sex is rape and rape is violence then violence is sex. "Fuck'em, Sarge."
Yes, 80% of males are not meant to reproduce.
as far as that's concerned i say lets play a game, of this! how often do you get outside of your own head man?
No, when was the last time you sat down and had a moment with a homeless and soot covered schizophrenic on the streets? When was the last time you spoke to the insane like they were a normal person? The smell of hobo lingering on your hand from shaking it.
When have you left your world and entered someone else's?
All is One.
I dont have to imagine the smell.
Its an imprinted memory.
I dont have to wonder...
Well, I sell them alcohol from time to time. Got a guy about my age who I'm pretty sure is a touch of homeless and schizo, sweet little guy too, quite attractive and heavy on the eyes and smile, no homo. It's like he's on a constant wave of.. idk.
I don't think you know why men are seemingly 'failing' behind? on this whole sexual evolution herd shit? It's not that important to be honest...
I was thinking more this morning about how some father's cannot be pleased - not like, made to feel proud by any measurable feat, but in general conversation. Know what I mean?
I got one myself, make a simple error in discussion, be it name or dates, and you can easily measure the gradual loss in his focus and care, and then they make it harder to find that point again where their attention is peaked..?
Your game...or mine?
men are seemingly 'failing' behind
Is that what you see or is that what they say?
It's not that important to be honest...
Then what is?
I've never had a real conversation with my "parents". They never knew me.
I can deduce the situation but I have no fiest hand account of anything like this.
because male brains mature later than female brains so the school system is designed to completely fuck them over
as a female this is my pov on this 
we people are a product of our environment.
a lot of women in my life wear makeup, had nosejobs, dressed good to lure in men, etc etc 
I dress in a way to look desirable for a big group of men, I don't get tattoos, I keep my hair color natural, I laugh a certain way, I walk a certain way. When I leave my house I always keep in mind on how I will be perceived my men.
I don't think men were pushed that much in their uprising.
I'd like to add that most of these things are either active decisions or stuff that is engrained in my head.
B^l
what's the matter?
I didn't mean they weren't pushed, I know they were pushed to do other things like being strong and to get a job etc, I meant "I don't think men were pushed like this" referring to correct their image
Ah, so the right hand, not left hand path.
You tellin' me how to raise muh boy?
Bsck to fixin' supper, toots, or youre next.
The part where our modern society actively hinders males from doing those things anymore and no longer rewards those that do.
Our entire human civilization is predicated on the concept of males collaborating instead of competing - exchanging contributions to a larger society for the guarantee of procreation for the majority of men. What we're seeing now is the breakdown in that social contract.
concept of males collaborating instead of competing
Family court replaced males all together. The competition is male vs publicly funded private militia and their appointed DA and Judge, backed by lawmakers and the voooters and womyns.
Why do you hate womyn? 
Good, then shut up.
That's actually a good summary.
The state replaced men because single mothers are the most dependent on the state.
And they statistically produce the most delinquents, with single dads producing just as many as two parent households. 
Destroying a generation to fill the "preaceful protest" ranks and government positions to condone it, like bail-reform etc, politicized prosecutions, media working hand in habd with feds in the riots etc.
Men vs the world, really...
What's that /lit/ meme where one of the parts is "man against the world"?
Idk...but get behind me Satan.
It's like a profile of writing archetypes, man against himself, man against nature, the world, man, God, etc, etc,
I think I agree with this. But I hate the fact that I am the experiment. I wish I was the selector.
This anon just ended the thread. Good post.
Basically the correct answer
That large fraction of male losers really are losers. They are the victims of greater male variability
So some men unconsciously recognize that they just cant make the cut and they give up entirely?
easy, shaking your ass on tiktok is easy and rewarding for a woman. A literal no-brainer Anything a man wants to do in society takes years of hard work, possibly planning or preparation. Women can go to college and/or have no skills to be on tiktok. Men have to go to college, graduate or have money from nowhere, scale the social ladder and be good communicator or look like demigods only to appeal to women.
she is exposing herself to possible mates
It's just masturbation. She might be getting the dopamine hits from male attention but the percentage of the males giving attention who are potential mates is lower. Before the internet she would be interacting with people irl and not hundreds of pajeets on the other side of the planet.
And it isn't a good strategy to attract hubby material; just fuckboys.
You might argue that the scale outweighs the dilution so there is still more hubby material but women have always had unlimited male attention. Their main problem has been to sift through the shit to find the gems. A higher proportion of shit makes this harder. There's also the problem of males being able to fake status/accomplishments/value over the internet which makes the medium more unreliable to do the assessing.
The internet has hijacked both sexes' guiding dopamine urges and possibly rendered them maladaptive.
The stats show more education correlates with higher marriage rates.
Wait, so then, what was that I watching as a child in the 70s?
Didn't Richard Dawkins prove this wrong?
It's as if you've never spoken to a man before in your life. What a retarded thing to say.
They don't those things fun, we do not
t.Shadow-Walking Star-Strider
imagine being such a worthless sack of shit that this is what you think about
Women visit /sci/? Welcome m'lady (tips fedora)
There also fat girls who hide behind their phones seething at men while doomscrolling tumblr and going prison lesbian and shaving their heads. Women are weird.
Strategy. Everything women do is strategic. They are cunning creatures, and they are better than us
If they have male guards they will fuck them.
Yes
