I don't understand why everything my boyfriend does always falls back on me. I never do any of the shit he does, but for some reason I'm always associated with it (with people claiming I'm "complicit" simply because we're dating).
I'll admit, he sometimes gets into fights with people. But it's rarely unprovoked, and he's still a really good guy at the end of the day (besides, most of it is just joking). And he's generally liked by some people; just not everyone. But whenever he gets into conflicts with the latter, for some reason it also affects how they view me (even though I never have anything to do with it - and I'm almost never around when it happens). And I seem to be looked down for it, even though I've always had the reputation of being the nicest person to everyone.
My ex, in particular, is one of the people my bf gets into conflicts with. And I'll admit, my ex wasn't the one who started these fights (but I wouldn't say his responses aren't any better, as well). But apparently, my ex is also looking down on me for this, and thinks I'm the pushing my bf to fight him (even though that couldn't be further from the truth). And his new gf is apparently saying I'm abusive for this, even though (again) I'm not the one doing anything. But whenever something happens between them (or other people bf rubs up against), apparently I'm getting blame for it (and not so much the bf himself).
I don't understand that.
That's your part, anon. Getting into fights isn't normal. Most civilized men almost never get into fights, because it's very easy to avoid.
If you're a woman, I don't care what you think about your boyfriend. He should legally be able to throw you out of a moving vehicle if you so much as blink wrong, cunt.
if you think he's justified, then ignore them
if you think he isn't justified, then dump his ass
really not that hard, anon
So... are you white trash or black?
Shut the fuck up
You're barking up the wrong tree coming to this board trying to make this thread so you can feel good about your life
Go to reddit, that's the kind of place you need to post about this shit in
I don't care about you to parse your thoughts and emotions for you.
this is such a strange larp
the trannies are running out of ways to try to hypnotize themselves into being more feminine by having the lived experience of a female but they have no conception of that beyond media caricature 
or you are a just an average female zoomer and you should get the fuck off my board
Huh? Are people not allowed to do unjustified things?
whether or not it's "allowed" is completely unrelated. anyone can break off a relationship at any time for any reason.nvrsas
According to common sense: no.
You've clearly never been in a relationship before.
One day I'm going to kill your boyfriend and then rape you on his corpse, and you'll like it. I'll nail this stupid ass post into your forehead and no jury will convict me.
