why did you people lie to me?
How can you prove you're in Japan?
i'm planning to move to japan with my wife and buying some of those abandoned houses in the country side and making a small farm
not doxxing myself but feel free to lemme know how i should do that my brother
westoids are usually the people most eager to tell you japan is "actually worse than you think". don't get me wrong though, japan is a lot better than the states no question
based. careful though, lotta those houses need a lot of work since they're old as hell
i know but i'm mostly getting it for the land, i'll try to get around 4-7 houses like that in the same area so i can make a proper farm or if i can find one that is already a farm that works too and then i'll demolish those and build something more modern inside but with that old japanese building style
just post a picture of your (obviously) closed passport with a time stamp ?
sounds like quite the undertaking but i think you'll be able to get it done king
can't any ol retard get a passport? how would that prove that i'm in japan? lol
passport would prove enough. nobody would get a passport just to bait on r9k
isn't true though a lot of restaurants and other places only allow japanese people? and also racial discrimination against non japanese people is normal?
Thats only certain establishments. Like for instance those geisha and maiko houses. Only Japanese people are generally allowed in and you have to be invited by someone who is already a member of the club. 
Burgers on 4chan who have never left their basement love to talk shit about Asian and European countries to make themselves feel better about what an absolute hellscape the US is. I have been to Europe and Japan a number of times and it was fantastic.
Alright this thread has motivated me to continue to pursue my dream. I'm going to ask my dad tomorrow to take me to get my learner's permit so I can get my license then get a job to get experience to one day get a job in Japan.
get hit by a taxi
I don't browse this board but have you made any friends there yet? I live around Saitama and would be fun to say hi and maybe eat out.
This applies when moving to any country, really but you preferably want to already HAVE money before you move.
You will never be Japanese. They will never accept you truly.
Rent free
Were you listening to people on here about Japan? You should always do the opposite of what 4chan says. This site is full of miserable people that feed off of each other's anger and all have themselves convinced the world is ending soon
How did you learn japanese brobot? I've been reading web novels for a year now, I've watched over 200 hours of youtube let's plays by japanese, i've used and dropped anki many times during the years, be it with premade decks or with my own mining deck.
And I can't say I'm even n1. Probably n3.
I can't produce any ideas without second guessing. When I read one of those "which one of these jap sentences are correct" I sometimes get it right, most often than not I don't.
Can you take me with you? I'm a retarded neet living off mommy and I need a way out.
Duolingo idk bro
i don't want to be japanese. i'm happy to be an american dude living in japan. never understood people's obsession with wanting to be "one of them" or whatever. you got buddies that accept ya then you'll be fine
gotta keep grinding brother, anki being an every day thing is key. can't recommend terrace house on netflix enough, very very good for casual conversation practice
