I'm trying to look for escorts but it's damn near impossible in a small town to find an ebony BBW willing to sit on my face, and one that's not a scammer.
black girls are so underrated
I guess you want to be threatened by pimps lol. terrible idea if you live in an illegal state.
Never hire or visit an escort in your own city, dumbdumb. Did your father never teach you shit
OP is looking for escorts, he probably never had a dad
Beggars can't be choosers anon. You gotta go with what you can.
tryst link
You're welcome
Online escorts are basically always scams.. in the US my best experience has been with strippers. You have to sort through the bullshit clean dancers and the upchargers but the good strippers are fucking awesome and will just fuck you for lap dance prices (and they tend to be very good at it). 
If you want to hire them to go elsewhere its more expensive.
i always use the ones in my city. convenient. 
saw one just yesterday, chinese milf, she did a good job
Do it it's very worth it my brother, not for nothing but you will literally realise what you are experiencing in that moment, that dullness, is every guy ever having had sex. Porn crazes our brains about sex way more than real life vagina ever would. You will see it's not that big of a deal to throat fuck your oneitis after getting your dick sucked. I now see every girl like that bad guy from I saw the devil, motherfucker tries and tries to torture him for murdering his wife, but the psycho just laughs. Same with trying to humiliate women. I know a slut who had 10M views on pronhub leaked video of her sucking dick, and she is still happy and prosperous and doesnt give a fuck. The only way you can sexually hurt a woman is rape and that's about it, abandon all fantasies of throatfucking her until she breaks, she will just laugh in your face, at your tiny ego
Depends. Plenty of chances and offers for me to get laid before I was 20, my dad said "you are not taking him to see a whore. end of story. imagine having to pay for sex." to like 4 different cousins of mine, they called me over because they had a "dentist" appointment, I think my dad sucks because of that, after telling him I am a 22 year old KHV he kept insisting I see a whore, because if I see how good sex feels I will have a motivation to do something with my life.
Its so fucking weird how some areas of the US have proxy brothels and the cops hardly do shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEiqiEEjKGw&amp;ab_channel=TSTV [Embed]
If you live in SoCal take a trip to Hong Kong Gentlemens club in TJ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s6AQ-6fQrs&amp;ab_channel=OshoStop [Embed]
My uncle said he'll pay for a girl at one of those Nevada ranches, he knows I've never been laid. I explained I'm pretty sure they deny services to creepy or awkward guys all the time. I just gotta try it out it's not my money. He's rich so with enough money they might take me
