What would you do if you woke up tomorrow as a Korean girl
probably get spat on by a korean man
Freakout, then masturbate. Same thing I do every morning
probably kms like all Korean girl do. I don't wanna get raped by JYP
Go for pho, kimchi is awful
find a rich white man and never work a day again for the rest of my life
Finger fuck and then kill myself. To suffer every month so many years. Fuuuuck that.
Furiously masturbate
dress lke pic releted
stalk nyeongie and pay one of those sasaeng taxi drivers to help me follow him around all day
What would you do if you woke up tomorrow as a Korean girl
Desperately find some way to change back into a man
I like having a soul, and I would fear that every moment spent as a woman would have some effect on my ability to be kind and caring towards other living things
The worst group of people I've consistently known are women
moids
souls
Pick one
Go find some BWC so I can start breeding the slantiness and cowardice out of my children. As a female, I wouldn't have to pretend to find fey Korean/Chink/Jap/Slope blood attractive and just go get some proper Eurodick. I'm not delusional; unless I can have a half-white child, it's not even worth dealing with pregnancy. I refuse to even talk to Asian guys at this point, I don't want my children to grow up as goblins.
number of white guys going to korea is higher than ever 
korean female sexlessness and virginity rates still higher than ever
fertility rate lower than ever 
international marriage between korean women and foreign men lower than ever 
????
you're scaring the hoes huh
Korean girls just wanna drink starbucks and consoom cheap shiny garbage, like all women everywhere.
and? so? go cry about it incel
You would kill yourself rather than just deal with having a period? The problem literally solves itself eventually, but imo menopause sounds worse
i'd take several giant BBC loads just to piss everyone off
feel bobs
korean girl streamer here at kick.com/leafy
That image is from Swiss Chalet. I can tell by the sauce cup.
Wake up a woman
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
...
"At least I'm, not black"
What if you woke up as a black woman?
Wake up a black woman
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
...
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
masturbate, buy a dildo, masturbate, talk to my online friend and show him, masturbate, exercise, learn makeup/skincare, masturbate, move in with my online friend, masturbate, have his children and be a permanent neet.
i mean, i suppose women have life on easy mode, so i guess my life would be better
but i dont want to wake up as a korean girl
i want to wake up with a korean girl on my chest
thats the dream. fuck everything else
whis webm is SUICIDEFUEL. its north korean lovers
im actually so bitter towards god about all this pain and loneliness i experience. "all merciful, all loving" is a repulsive thought
be a dumb vapid whore free from the need to ever achieve anything, of course
I'd milk diversity quotas for all their worth.
i am already off brand korean girl
are you filipino or vietnamese
Tell us about the male attention you have received
Masturbate, then kill myslef.
Do what all Koreans do, seethe about Japan.
Mixture of horny and panic, I'm into TG porn but I don't want to be a girl IRL and certainly not one permanently.
First thing I'd do is masturbate.
Instantly kill myself. I wouldnt want to be anyone else and I certainly wouldnt want to have a nasty fucking gash between my legs.
Us a soft-n on a busy street and see if I could get away with it
I've seen black and asian zoomers call each other nigga before so it might work if you have black friends
viet :/
this kind
so basically you get with abuse chad?
must be nice living life on easy mode
make an onlyfans
get rich
hopefully keep that money when i become a man again
Curse god for not making me a culturally and racially superior Chinese woman instead. Also probably date and marry a white man.
Become a twitch streamer and get rich.
I wish i had no soul. Compassion and caring for the greater good is literally my kryptonite.
Accurate answers.
It'd fucking suck.
whis webm is SUICIDEFUEL.
Absolutely not.
bitter towards god
It's amazing how ever single sentence in your rather short comment made you look more and more retarded.
Absolutely not
what is suicide fuel is subjective, anon. its like music. some people like it, but not everyone likes it
and it kills me on the inside so deeply not to have a korean gf. so deeply it makes me want to try to get one, despite being a old loser kv nobody
do you know how painful that is, and how sad that is? you obviously dont, because if you havent spent months thinking about god, learning about god, and looking to god, then you dont know how deep my pain is
It's amazing how ever single sentence in your rather short comment made you look more and more retarded
???????????????????????????????????????????
okay, i dont care. go find a thread with posters who arent retared, then
gaslight non-korean asian woman and start asian race wars, but plant evidence i was financed by soros so global race wars
what is suicide fuel is subjective,
Living in North Korea is objectively not desirable.
The rest of your schitzoshit is not even worth replying to.
id give up my freedom to experience love. freedom is overrated if your life is shit. and you are wrong for saying living in north korea is objectively not desireable. id live there and be about being north korean, if i had love
find the nearest bridge and jump off with a photo of my mother in hand
you are wrong for saying living in north korea is objectively not desireable
No, I am correct.
It's just that you are mentally deranged.
No, I am correct.
It's just that you are mentally deranged.
ok. all you've done is call me names. you havent provided any arguements or relevant insights or made any points
smooth brain brainlet. all you can do is gaslight
talking to you is like talking to a ai who is set to grumpy mode
pic related is you. all you can do is call me a name and say "no, you're wrong"
lol
you havent provided any arguements or relevant insights or made any points
You're saying that as if that was my intention.
You've gaslit yourself enough already to the point where you think living in North Korea is fucking acceptable. You're a lost cause.
I'd start loading my phone up with pictures of food so I can make it my whole personality.
In the short run I would abuse men from all countries for money and attention, in the long run I would cut myself off from society and become a recluse waiting for the end of my days knowing that my life as a pretty woman is worthless
you havent providede any arguements against what i said.
Again, I'm not interested in doing that.
you just asserted that north korea is an objectively bad place to live in, without reason or evidence
lmao
You are so fucking far gone.
start streaming of AfreecaTV and make like 10k dollars a month for shaking my butt
Bro just download MEEFF and get smart about avoiding scammers. You'll find alot of Korean women on it. I found my fiance there.
 Join some feminist terrorist organisation like Womad
 Overthrow the Samsung corporation-government with my fellow sisters
 Reunify the Koreas with superior female diplomacy
 Cocktease a few yellowfever Amerikans and drive them to help annex the Korean parts of China
 Reverse occupy Japan, taking slaves to use as comfort-men
 Die at the age of 80 as a well respected matriarch surrounded by loving family 
Its just that simple.
Dunno.
Probably kill myself.
not on purpose, though your words are dripping with sanguine resentment
Have sex with the slavic man that the bitch whose body I'm in turned into
Haha, gay boy.
I wouldn't have sex with myself and would just record myself jerking off for later use.
