high school 9th grade
hit puberty pretty late, am just now in my hyper horny phase
boring ass English class
the urge
the urge is strong
too strong to resist
instead of pretending to go take a shit like a normal person I have a worse idea
put my hands inside my shirt
people probably think it's normal autismo behavior for me
reach into my pants and just play with it a little
stealthily of course
no one notices it seems
do it again a week later
nice no one noticed again
next day I get weird looks from people
talk to one of only 2 friends i have there
hand him a book he dropped
"don't touch it with your right hand"
didn't understand at first
after he walked away it hit me
he isn't even in that english class
everyone fucking knows
The only silver lining is that this happened during the last 2 weeks of school and I was homeschooled after that
I also jerked off in class once but I don't think I got caught
Irredeemable. 
What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your deplorable, autistic post were you even close to anything that could be considered rational behavior. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul
I thought these kinds of stories were grea excuses for normies to use as an excuse to confirm their intelligence, superiority or whatever gets you fags off
If I ever compared myself to a dude who fapped in class I would feel worse about myself instantly.
tell us more stories from when you were sexual as a boy
Could have worded that less like a kiddy fondler. But anyway, I don't think I have any, after that incident I made sure to never to degen shit in public again.
This honestly makes me glad that I didn't start wanking until I was in the 12th grade. I avoided so much autistic fuck up just because my parents were prudes.
Some Romanian kid wanked off in my Religous studies class, looked over just as he nutted and say it spray under the table.
Shit was nastly and multiple people saw it.
You all got caught. We all have stories of the class masturbators lol
