stop opressing white men, stop telling blaming us for everything please, white men are the most opressed group on the planet
stop opressing white men, stop telling blaming us for everything please, white men are the most opressed group on the planet
Shut up faggot
Considering that every other race had to join forces as well as convince (((traitorous))) whites only to gain a fraction of that power is inherent proof of the superiority of the white race.
Remember when the internet was 90% white men and not infested with Pajeets and women and intelligence agencies
blessed be the destruction of our biome that strangles us both
Stop coping in our language
Earth will die because of you, you wretched little parasites. Whichever brown detritus of failed evolution you are, Indian, African, endlessly consuming and multiplying like cancer, use up all the easily accessible sources of elements and fossil fuels, raise the sea levels, burn out the arable land, breed anlthert5 billion of useless 80IQ parasites
There is no hope coming, there will be no miracle, just a slow grinding away of humanity, jeets, nigs, seamonkeys, we're all going to die on this rock because of you, you worthless subhuman parasites
fucking snowflake, grow a fucking spine
besides, its rich white fucks are being targeted not your poor ass
get of Fox News
no wonder no one like your ass or dick
lol, mutts consume way more
What a future could have been obtained, future of endless plenty and species-spanning happiness and enlightenment, but nope, browns
White people were lynching and murdering black people all through the 1920s - 30s, cutting off their genitals and stuffing them in their mouths, set some black neighborhoods on fire, were literally not allowed to own property in certain areas, and had to fight for multiple generations just to be able to have equal use of public transport. What has happened to you again anon? Someone insulted you online?
It's dumb cunts like you that have always held humanity back throughout history, if the races all worked together we would have immortality by 2030
And you are the naive cunts who think that wishing away all our mutual enmities, disparities of ability, and contradictory material interests by force of [incredibly condescending voice] "good will and hope" will just solve everything and make Earth heaven.
Well actually anon, yes, that sounds rather nice, great idea, thank you
Equitable solution in my opinion (I'm not really that racist, I was just making a point) cross-racial eugenics program mixed with global genocide (take the best of everyone and make a race of 180 IQ elves to rule over the Earth)
Kill the 98% of the population who don't meet that mark and leave the Earth to be inherited by a race of kind, beautiful, intelligent, cooperative, small subset of humanity
It's funny how it's allowed to be openly racist against us. Eventually we'll have no choice, but to start being the nazies they say we are, oh well.
None of that has actually affected you.
(Plenty of Africans and South Asians would be incorporated into this program but let's stop pretending the genetic capacity to belong to this elven race isn't disproportionately possessed by East Asians and Europeans)
This is obvious logic, am I retarded? We're over-exploiting the Earth's resources, so genocide the useless eaters (Africans, Indians), grab the smart and nice ones out of them (blushing, autistic "b-build a space station? ok") and then apply the same process to the West and East Asia. Humanity secured, done.
We neeed to go back
white men are the most opressed group on the planet
no, that would be the animals on your plate, you whiny animal abusing hypocritical faggot
honestly, white men who think they got it bad, but eat meat, are such massive hypocrites it hurts
claims to be vegan
uses non-vegan computer
