What's your answer to this chuds?
Why did an extremely tiny demographic of individuals never get exposed on a reality television program? 
Burn twitter tards alive.
Because back in the golden days people like you weren't socially acceptable
If we want to talk about per capita representation, homosexuals are less than 5% of the male population and about 40% of child molesters.
I have been watching videos of amateur pedo catcher youtube channels for years now and not once have I seen a drag queen.
Why don't you realize this is all just a conspiracy?
If we want to talk about per capita representation, homosexuals are less than 5% of the male population and about 40% of child molesters.
Source?
im their leader
seems like a random question, but i imagine if a guy is trying to get laid they dont open with that
A DQ wouldn't show up to TCAP in drag you wouldn't know
I have no source I made it the fuck up
Thats what I thought.
here you go sar
but why is there this insane culture going around a tiny minority of the population? They should be dealing with the housing crisis.
faggots have an official category based on men that look like teenagers (and often are teenagers), namely twinks. they accepted and institutionalized pedophilia and nobody says shit to them. a gay guy lived in my shared apartment and and he was like 19 years old, i knew friends of his that were minors and hooked up on grindr, the adult men that hooked up with these twinks i think knew really well what they were doing. why is it that most cases of pedophilia are on safe sex? they say priests and sports choaches are pedophiles but they almost all the time they rape boys. so isnt the common denominator actually being a fucking homosexual?
What?@ there's pedos everywhere including LGBTQ?! whoooooa mind blown
Pedos are historically "normal" men.
Bread and circus. The elite want to distract you from the real issues. Works extremely well on the older generations whose brains are rotted and have too much money to care about real issues (i.e. boomers watching Fox News).
There were tons of homosexuals outed, though. Chief among them being a fucking rabbi who was part of a sex abuse ring with other rabbis that got exposed thanks to the sting.
He's literally me 
https://youtu.be/FWPXTA-oXw0 [Embed]
doesn't provide a study where the statistic of 40% of fags being pedos is proven
Thats what i thought.
i love how you degenerate faggots ignore my facts >>73057781
here's one anecdote of a gay couple that committed rape
therefore all gay people are rapists
Not an argument + idiotic logic.
By your logic you you're a rapist aswell because there are alot of straight rapists aswell, suprise suprise, women get raped by men ALOT
Young girls do this shit alot aswell.
Yeah but he thinks it's based when a man rapes a woman. Two guys raping is just fucked up, though.
Two guys raping is just fucked up, though.
Any form of rape is not okay.
the lgbtiq+ comunity has a huge problem with pedophilia, way bigger than any religious group but nobody dares acknowledging it.
Not in incel morality. Women don't have rights and feelings (neither to chads or normies or anyone but incels), so when an incel rapes one it's a morally neutral action at worst and well-deserved revenge at best. Don't like it? You might want to leave, since these are the people you're posting with.
I would like to have a link to a scientific study proving such a ridiculous and baseless claim.
He won't provide one because he can't lol. Probably furiously googling any statistic that sways in his favor. 
In one study, 93% of child molesters described themselves as religious
Just Google that and you'll see the study. We all know pedos are most likely to either be religious or conservative considering how hard right wingers fight for child marriage in the south.
