I just found out how common drug use is. Like half or more people are geeking out on something. Is this how people deal with the pain of life by numbing themselves with drugs and if so which drugs should I use
i'm probably the only person in the us who doesn't eat meat, smoke, do drugs, or drink alcohol. lol
If they paid me a livable wage maybe I'd be willing to work
Why are you grouping healthy behavior like eating meat with all of those unhealthy habits?
meat
healthy behavior
choose one
Drug testing is dumb anyway. You WANT your employees gakked out on stims lol. I mean, within reason, like say 30-50mg of adderral or a thin line of coke. You don't want them ripping big fatty lines or going full binge mode. But basically moderate stims > no stims.
Ah, you're just stupid. That explains it.
nah, that's some retard answering on my behalf. 
i just don't like it. shrimple as
a modest amount of meat is completely fine but most people's diets contain way too much meat
you are replying to the wrong guy, dummy dumb.
Or you know the fact that pretty much every drug test still hits weed which has been made medical or decriminalized in half of the states.
"drugs" are completely fine in moderation
same with drinking alcohol
Simultaneous massive labor shortage and the pickiest employers to ever live.
I agree, but most people are incapable of doing this within moderation.
Some say drugs are for people who can't handle real life. But I say real life is for people who can't handle drugs.
I'm a friendless neet and the other day I downloaded telegram out of nowhere, looked at "people nearby" and all the groups where about selling cocaine and weed, so I messaged one guy and bought 1gr of weed and then smoked it.
I won't be buying cocaine tho I don't want to fall in that rabbit hole
I eat meat but don't:
do drugs
drink alcohol
smoke anything
consume caffeine
honestly the average person's caffeine habit is probably the scariest thing about normies. i like coffee well enough but my parents (and everyone else) apparently genuinely HAVE to have it or they get splitting headaches. I dont get it because ive had coffee all day for months at a time in the past and didnt feel any withdrawal other than being a bit sleepy and constipated.
smoke a tiny bit of weed. get a onehitter with the smallest bowl they have - i like to use the little metal ones that look like fake cigarettes. get some sativa weed, try different strains every time. these habits are more than enough to get goofy and have fun, and needing to reload the small onehitter prevents you from smoking too much and going full weedhead or spending too much money on it. full disclosure though i ripped big bowls for the first few years i smoked weed, but i never did it more than one bowl a day. i have no idea how people smoke as much weed as they do.
how much coffee do you drink on a normal day
I don't understand how wageslaves are alive. I did retail before and everyone was getting coffee before work and at all breaks and lunch. Then they'd smoke at all times and a few smoking breaks during the day. Slowly killing themselves every day and blowing through so much money.
i get it about the cigarettes it's a working class culture thing. but coffee is good for you
I haven't had a one hitter since I was like 12. You must weigh 100 pounds or something
if caffeine is a dangerous drug how come no country in the world has ever even attempted to ban it. you can't even say the same about alcohol
Its less that its dangerous like alcohol or anything else, and more about how completely normalized large consumption of it is. I dont really have any leg in that race since I drink 1-2 cups of black coffee and tea a day, but there are many out there who genuinely can barely even function without 4+ cups or a ton of energy drinks with all sorts of sugar in them. Hell I can and have gotten by just fine with not even 1 full cup with only a few hours of sleep at most, not much others could say the same without pounding headaches or a bitchy attitude, and obviously excessive caffeine is not good on the body. But people do not care since you dont get drunk or high from it.
have you see whats been going in portland with all the homeless and horse tranqs?
if your gonna do anything do it because you enjoy it. if your looking for easy escape media works better and is less addicting. 
yeah everyone i know irl is addicted to caffeine. addiction is freaky on its own but seeing it on such a massive scale and how normalized it all is just breaks me. i have on average 1 cup of coffee every 10 days or so and a cup of tea before bed. i know people who drink 2 pots a day. just change the word pot to pack and they would be looked at poorly but because its "just caffeine" no one thinks about it too much. i think even my nightly tea is a bad (though harmless) habit. 
i think its good its not banned. i just wish people had more discipline and self respect. i dont like seeing people debase them selves publicly.
the weakness of normoids disgusts me. They have an easy and good life but they complain and take drugs for the slightest inconvenience, meanwhile there are lonely pussyfree subhhumans suffering from PTSD and they dont take any drugs despite having huge pain all over their body and soul
I never said it should be banned, and honestly banning most shit (stuff like krokodil and whatnot being an exception) is useless as hell anyways since the multi billion dollar drug trade thats been around for half a century across the entire world is not ending anytime soon. Whether its drugs or alcohol, there will *always* be a high demand and a black market for the stuff. It would be smarter to decriminalize and regulate so people would not need to go to shady corner dealers and would probably not even get the habit anyways if there is no thrill to getting and using an illegal substance. That is not to say rampant use should be tolerated, nobody likes or tolerates drunks for example even if society at large is friendlier to alcohol than other substances, the same should apply to drugs as well. If people are willing to risk near insta death just to get something that will likely have fentanyl in it now, or hell is just fentanyl, to where hundreds of thousands of OD deaths occur every year now, then good fucking luck successfully banning that shit.
I don't drink caffeine because it makes me feel like an anxious retard, but not drinking it makes me realize just how ingrained stimulant use is in society. It's actual crazy. It's provided at work, there's coffee shops everywhere, basically every store sells some sort of caffeine (energy drinks, chocolate, tea, coffee). Society is basically on drugs, all day, every day.
Is it wrong? Is it bad? I mean people are free to make their own decisions and in my opinion all drugs should be legal. But the way society treats it as 'not a drug' is just hypocricy. I watched this documentary where these yemenis chew this random leaf all the time and it was presented as if this was a scourge on the country and I just can't help but think what's the fucking difference?
Indian slaves basically pick tea leaves, you make a drink out of it and swallow it to get the drug affect. Coffee is picked by poors all over the world. Same thing. They are plant drugs just like coca leaf or that yemeni stuff. Or like chewing ephedra or betelnut. Hell energy drinks are even more 'druggy' because the caffeine in them is synthetically produced in labs in southern china. It's basically just fizzy stimulant water.
People will do anything to not be sober.
The difference is that coffee (black coffee at least) doesn't have any serious long term effects when consumed in reasonable amounts.
Do any private white collar employers even drug test? Seems like its just used by entry level fast food and retailer positions.
On paper, they have the right to do it at any time. Practically speaking, pretty much never outside of them maybe having you do a piss/hair test before employment, unless you are obviously tweaking of course. I have bounced around various jobs over the years and have yet to see a single instance beyond the pre employment test where they actually do it. Not saying that does not happen, but probably only for jobs that are actually serious and require full attention and coordination or some shit, not your average paper pusher job.
probably only for jobs that are actually serious and require full attention and coordination or some shit, not your average paper pusher job.
From my own experiences, seems like drug tests are just for entry level retail/fast food jobs. I've taken drug tests for McDonalds, Target, and a job as a parking attendant. The "interviews" for those jobs are basically "Are you retarded?" I've never been testing when applying for legal firms and universities. 
In other words, it seems to be only applied at a pool of people you know are dumb enough to get caught. So whats the point?
This... might prove a viable means of competition for AI art.
If majority have to deal with a ton of problems that require money to fix with barely enough to fix said problems, you bet your ass it will be going to drugs in some way or the other to at least fix the stress problem. 
inb4 Just deal with it and you deserve being poor for using.
caffeine doesn't actually do anything. if it makes you feel like an anxious retard, guess what you are to begin with
at the few ive worked at they do a pre emplooyment one and then nothing until someone gets hurts on company time
then they make you get one to have leverage over you like no workers comp or suing the company because you could have been high when it happened
that or they use it along with the rules they make you sign but dont enforce to safely fire you for any other reason they want
i would happily use meth if it was legal and society had longer weekends. 48 hours of genius productivity followed by 5 days of unconsciousness seems like an ideal way to live my life, instead of this gray cotton wool haze of mediocrity
don't do any drugs 
be a lonely celibate
It checks out
coffee is good for you
Debateable and at most it's one cup. Nobody is drinking one cup because they've built up a huge tolerance to it. Most people get starbucks, which isn't even coffee at this point, it's just a dessert with coffee in it. If they want the caffeine, they'd simply buy the pills and hope they don't end up so excited.
i agree with you. 
i meant to reply to the guy above you, and even then i think i made some assumptions. 
my bad.
this is what i was trying to express more or less. also caffeine turns me into an emotional bitch but coffee helps not get get a headache from sugar so i like to have some around for when i eat unhealthy.
none. sometimes i'll buy a thing of instant coffee if i have a project to do, and then i'll have like 5 cups a day until its gone. normally i just drink green tea.
the really scary part is that, if i have a big coffee in the morning before work or class, by about 2pm i feel miserably depressed. i realized after this happened about 4 or 5 times that it was just the coffee, because i didnt drink it every day. but if i DID drink coffee every day, i would probably just think i "had depression." 
caffeine withdrawal, even just in the afternoon when you had coffee in the morning, is known to cause anxiety and depression. how many people are taking psych meds just because of the effects of coffee addiction? psychiatrists dont even bother trying to get people to change a simple habit like coffee before they prescribe pills. 
and whats even scarier is, this is how addictive basic black coffee can be - average normies are getting cream and sugar if not a frappucino thing with espresso shots. way more caffeine and calories and extra addicting because of the tasty. 
and then, even scarier, most zoomers are addicted to energy drinks that have 2x-3x the caffeine of coffee - and they don't even have the "coffee in the morning" culture, they drink energy drinks all day, which leads to sleep disruption (especially combined with phone in bed), which is literally a perfect recipe for causing depression &amp; anxiety.
well i weigh like 140 lbs but supposedly that doesnt have anything to do with weed tolerance anyway. i used to smoke good sized bowls in college but i realized that past the first five minutes it didnt feel that different. 
and also basically smoking a big bowl at home feels a lot less fun than smoking a onehitter in the park or walking down the street. ive had enough of smoking weed and just sitting on my ass. these days i usually even do 30 mins on the elliptical machine before i smoke. getting your blood flowing first makes you feel way higher than having a bigger bowl.
its scary, my mom has drank maybe 3-4 cups of coffee a day since forever, and now she has really bad insomnia problems that keep getting worse. she doesnt want to quit coffee but im pretty sure its why and she knows it too, she always says like "i cant have coffee after 11 or i wont be able to sleep at night" and im like...maybe you would sleep better if you just didnt have it at all then.
can't find enough workers
applied to something like 200 minimum wage tier jobs over last two months and nothing
nigger why is LSD on the same row as meth/weed/heroin? doing acid with chronic pain seems like an excruciating experience. its also very normie of you to make prescription drugs a different category lol, prescription painkillers are exactly the same shit as other painkilling drugs and they have the death numbers to prove it.
On one hand, people have basically done this for all of human history. Whether it was alcohol in fermented fruit, plants with drug effects, or stuff like toad licking. Hell, people even literally just hurt themselves to feel different. Scythian ritual fires basically involved gathering everything they could with drug effects, from poppies to cannabis to whatever else, throwing it on a fire and hotboxing a tent. 
On the other hand, as you say, the syntheticization of drugs is new. Caffeine used to be mostly a social experience, as did alcohol, but more and more people just get starbucks drivethru or energy drinks and consume them alone. Natural drugs are also limited in their dosage - even with espresso there's only so much caffeine per cup that you can get. It's really hard to get an unsafe dose pf caffeine from just coffee. But not so with energy drinks - there's basically an arms race in terms of how much caffeine they can put in a canned energy drink without risking lawsuits when people's kids have heart attacks.
people wouldnt be drinking it en masse globally if it "didnt do anything" you fucking retard. it can easily accelerate someone's anxiety from "existing but tolerable" to "can't function" especially when combined with the sleep deprivation that chronic caffeine habits cause.
The funniest part of this thread has to be the straight edge fags acting superior while in the literal same comment admitting they have never gotten a single whiff of pussy. Maybe you should try having a drink brother LOL
Is this how people deal with the pain of life by numbing themselves
FUCKING PLEASE.
This is just drug user apologia. It's absolute nonsense they picked up from afterschool specials and movies. They know that when they need to sucker relatives into giving them money, or want to get out of the county jail early, or need pity in some other way, they can play this "Oh my pain, I am doing drugs just to DULL THE PAIN!" and it's all complete bullshit.
Every drug addict I have ever known started out as a partier who thought they were cool as shit for doing drugs. They were "fun" and "real" and people who didn't do drugs were boring jerks. Every last motherfucking one of them started doing drugs BECAUSE THEY FUCKING LIKED IT and in most cases because it gave them social status among retard stoner teens.
"Dull the pain of life" my fucking ass.
I dunno anon's reasoning, but red meat does cause cancer. It's a proven fact of nutrition. I still eat it though.
All the operators at my factory are on stimulants l. They either pop Adderall or snort a line. The lead hand is also on drugs and covers for the other operators if they leave a pill behind. He'll throw it out and chew them out, but our productivity is off the charts. I smoke weed everyday which keeps the pain at bay. These are 12 hour rotating shifts, sometimes we're asked to do back to back shifts due to short staffing. Only reason I'm next in line to be promoted to a supervisor is because I'm not on anything at work and my efficiency is at 96% on average, and I can run every line by myself with no help. Stressful as fuck though but I'm making more money than the lead hand.
Every last motherfucking one of them started doing drugs BECAUSE THEY FUCKING LIKED IT and in most cases because it gave them social status among retard stoner teens.
its funny, ive always enjoyed smoking a bit of weed and nothing more but ive seen how this goes. people move on to dabs and taking molly every weekend, ive turned down both of those multiple times. i just dont get why you need a damn blowtorch just to smoke some weed...weed is supposed to be fun but that dab shit makes people too donged out to go anywhere or do anything. i understand being "judged" for not doing what others are doing but that's really going to make you huff up blowtorched spunk smoke? it doesnt even look fun when they do it, they dont do anything but watch youtube while zoned out. 
my friend from high school started doing that im college, then taking more various party pills and shit, nearly flunked out, then went all "clean" and was like "nah man i dont smoke anymore" meanwhile im here smoking a small and sensible amount of weed on occasion like i always have. why dont people have self control?
