why the fuck every god damn day i wake up cold and alone and ill go out and do shit and i have friends and im in good shape and i get along with women just fine but it still just never goes anywhere?! why is shit static like this? everything is going my way for the most part, but it still just isnt enough. whats wrong? they dont know i use 4chan, i dont talk about incel shit, do i have the goddamn mark of the beast or some shit? i have friends, i get along with people, but i still feel lonely? what the fuck is happening? i dont get it, my buddies were having a movie night tonight and we watched blade runner 2049, i didnt understand the plot when i watched it the first time but this time it resonates with me, some real shits up man. ive been like yearning for valuable social relationships man, the current shit aint cutting it anymore. nobody i know is genuine or sincere, or atleast not enough. hell, im not sincere to others on purpose, i always just say what i think people want to hear or what people will think is inoffensively funny. i dont want to open up about this shit to anyone because i dont want to look weak in front of my peers since im strong and shit, i like that, i like being strong, but it gives me an image i gotta uphold in front of others. you know what, thats a good thing. but still, im only talking about it here because im anonymous. every day ill get in my car and drive to work and i listen to the same 50 songs, nothing ever changes and im sick of it. why the fuck do i feel this way?
Has anyone played Minecraft recently?
no i havent played minecraft recently what about it
I played it once like 2 months ago, and I really didn't like the new variants of stones, since it feels like they just flood your inventory quicker. The map generation into dungeons is also just ever-so-soulless in comparison to older versions of map generation. Finding an abandoned mine shaft felt rare and rewarding, but now the spacing of the mines is too artificial and open. Doesn't have that same charm to it.
i used to love minecraft back in like 2013-2015 i forget the versions but it was the pre-1.9 stuff or 1.7.10 or whatever. i watched venturiantale and you always win and i loved it a lot. good memories.
