why is almost every guy on this site into men in some fashion? its so disheartening
When you can't be with women, you open up your options to effeminate men and so on. It's called being prison gay.
4chan ruined me
I used to be straight 100% but now I have a forced gay fetish. I tried to turn myself gay before.
how is it prison gay when their urges for men dont go away around women? thats just called being a faggot
You don't stop being prison gay just because you get with a woman, all that really changes is what you're willing to do with the same sex.
thats just called being a faggot
You're not wrong.
into men in some fashion
Couldn't be me. My home board is pol though
almost every guy
The thought of sucking cocks and being faggot makes me sick. So no, I rather km, than being like this. Thank the gods I'm still straight like wooden table.
i'm not into men at all, but have you thought about why is this whole trend happening?
god i hate u fags
no better than a whore desu
fill me in
roughly half of the entire US population is gay
1 in 2 americans
this is a fact
anyone who says no is lying
over 50% of the US population is gay
I'm 5'7 and have this exact body type. It's over for me.
Looks like you have to be gay now, no woman could ever want that. It's impossible. Never in a million years.
I just want to talk with women but they all ghost me
I'm not into femboys but they at least respond
Don't forget that they also tend to actually put effort into conversations.
 You don't stop being prison gay just because you get with a woman, all that really changes is what you're willing to do with the same sex.
Since AI has come out people have talked about how what kinks that the filters are lenient about are becoming popular. Same as with rejection from women forcing men into subbing for men
Oh no :(
Better get to liking guys I guess
Yeah r9k turned me questionably Bisexual thanks to all the bussy/femboy twink threads.
We truly do live in odd times.
Very sad, I'm so sorry that it's all over for you.
I was born an effete faggot
no, i don't want to fill you in, because that's the easy way
i want you to use that nice head you have on your shoulders and think about it yourself, so we can have a nice civilized discussion about it
moids, do you prefer women oven men at least?
then ur normal gay not prison gay, anon
In theory, yes. In practice, no. Women tend to put so little effort into any conversations I have with them. They tend to just be extremely boring and I can just tell they're splitting their attention if I talk with them. I don't have these issues with guys at all.
Boys are for sex
Girls are for love and sex
I feel no remorse. Both men and women can be attractive. Women are all terrible people. Faggot men are only mostly terrible people.
This is bait designed to set off retards but I haven't slept in awhile and I'm getting to that point where I'm extremely irritable so I'll bite; There's something inherently funny about the fact that women cut men off from romance, love, and intimacy and then when those men go to find it elsewhere women proceed to get pissed about it. It's not enough that women refuse it, you have to refuse yourself any other outlet because if you don't then the women, who already don't like you, will like you even less. I haven't slept in awhile and I'm getting to that point where I'm extremely irritable. Christ I am fucking fuming, I need to go to sleep.
Okay have you ever spoken to ones that have put effort? Would you rank them above men?
so men hold no emotional value to you?
defective trash
Okay have you ever spoken to ones that have put effort?
Pretty much never.
Would you rank them above men?
Yup.
This is your fate /r9k/ anons
But there will be no big titty goth to save you >:3
Hentai or normal porn creates a degree of sexual attraction to penis. Male sexuality centers around the penis a lot. When you consume porn you have to suppress your disgust for male genitalia until you're used to it. That opens you up to admitting your self-lust for your own penis and potentially other penises. Then your sexuality is based on how other people make your penis (or other people's penises feel) i.e. getting and watching someone else get a boner/blowjob/etc is a sexual act in and of itself. This probably makes a male lover more selfish and more dominant, whereas someone without penis-sexuality is more obsessed with female secondary sexual characteristics (in the West at least). This would be in contrast to primary homosexuality which exists from birth
so men hold no emotional value to you?
Yes
They could never have my children
I was born bi foid. I love fucking and getting fucked. Problem?
Okay have you ever spoken to ones that have put effort?
Of course not. Otherwise we wouldn't be here
I've gone so long without pussy that bussy is starting to look nice
Give me pussy and this problem goes away
