Does paying for pussy make you feel better
Fuck yeah so much better. And the best part Im not a virgin anymore. I acquired an extra life goal thru fornicating with prostitutes and I suggest every fucking incel on this board rn do the same ASAP.
Yes, there are literally no downsides, unless you are planning to spend your last money on it.
Yes. Every girl I stumbled upon was very cheap (30 bucks 1 cumshot) and very cute and nice. Getting your dick sucked is basically like taking some really good valium and feeling all warm inside and good. I felt a full body orgasm when I first stuck my dick in her pussy and the warmness is unique. Yeah definetly worth it, will report back what the difference is when you sex with a girlfried though
The only way you can make this work is to be willing to dehumanize yourself. I only fucked round with hookers when several close relatives died to avoid thinking about the pain of loss, so any pretenses were non existent instead of doing the GFE shit. This hookup and escort shit only works if you have issues you're running from or have been gaslit by your peers into adopting their nihilistic coping habits ad infinitum.
As for promiscuity in general: The average whore has a history of child sexual abuse and nigger culture encourages molestation at young ages. Coupled with the promotion of hookup culture and atomization in a country built off gaslighting multiethnic religious militants and druggies, the USA is a schizophrenic hellworld simulation slowly succumbing to entropy.
It depends. Some escorts aren't good and you regret it. Some are great and it'll be so good it'll make your week. Overall it's worth it for me, I'll go again next week.
If you are christcucked, however, you will not enjoy it regardless.
I dropped a few hundred on a high class call girl and can honestly say I don't look twice at average women in the street now. The sex was incredible and I just don't expect normal women to be able to compete so I care a lot less.
Temporarily. If she's not nice to you then it sucks though.
Honestly I had underestimated the "no strings attached" perk, it's an extra freedom without the damage, assuming you'll use a condom.
If you're antiscocial and or a loner, YES.
They don't care about your autism and social retardness. They'll suck your dick for the money. Don't forget that it's all a show and no real attraction or you'll get hurt.
I fuck a hooker raw every week. Lick their armpits and eat their asses. Idgaf I try everything I see in porn and jack off to. Except for piss. Didn't want to ruin the fantasy.
you're paying to be dominated by a woman
that actually costs extra
women dominate you mentally, and they get off on that, it's how a prostitute functions
that's pretty hot
The average whore has a history of child sexual abuse and nigger culture encourages molestation at young ages. Coupled with the promotion of hookup culture and atomization in a country built off gaslighting multiethnic religious militants and druggies, the USA is a schizophrenic hellworld simulation slowly succumbing to entropy.
I feel like this is true just from observing. I don't even live in the US.
wow, yeah, i feel totally "dominated" by her "mentally". sure dude, as she's sitting there gasping for air covered in cum
Yeah promiscuity is a homo thing, the fact that a bunch of ex PUA and manosphere guys went gay or got outed should be a bigger red flag with how these peoples minds work. These people reproduce through ideas and exploiting dysfunctional retards like the average /r9k/ user that's why Reiko was so successful in grooming abunch of users into fag hag lifestyles. The escortcel shit wouldn't be as big if he didn't start grooming users as aggressively as he has.
not when i walk away without paying like I have. enjoy that mental domination though
Yeah people get burned by shitty partner selection, it's still on you for being retarded to resort to escorts and bar floosies to feel something.
Men that behave like hylics and godless, weak-faith niggers are tempted more easily. You people cry about muh christcucks and skydaddy then wonder why women get conned into rape by predatory freaks and niggers.
Virtually all of hookup culture and promiscuity is rape if you think about it; it's gaslighting through ideas and encouraging impressionable and vulnerable people to mutilate themselves through substance abuse and diseases.
No, it didn't for me
Wow who gives a shit?
dude just go your entire fucking life never once touching a woman or getting laid! Why? Because fucking hylics bro ifu wanna be based just suffer endlessly and don't seek solutions!
Yeah okay dude. Have fun being superior or enlightened or whatever. I honestly don't give a fuck.
Glad you made this thread I've been meaning to get an escort recently. How do you find escorts and how do you avoid cops/STDs? Are massage parlors worth it? How do you know which ones will do full penetration versus just a handjob or some whack shit like that?
it's just like your own hand
That's a fucking lie. It's like saying imagining getting stabbed feels the same as getting stabbed
escortmaxxing make sense only when you make significang money, or get cheap whores. if you have to save your pathethic paycheck for 2 weeks just to fool around with a semi-decent bitch for half an hour thats retarded. i havent been to one since im poor, but id visit them if i made a lot of money. tho by that time i propably wouldnt need to escortmaxx
This can't really be good, even if she's a capable enough actress to make you believe she isn't bored and annoyed waiting for you to finish, when you cum and the sex haze clears aren't you just lying in bed with a woman who doesn't find you attractive or care about you in any way? Seems even sadder than just not having sex honestly.
Didn't make me feel better, I still feel like shit and wasted a lot of money as well.
Why does sex appear twice on this retarded pyramid? 
And in b4 "sex is different than sexual intimacy dhur hur". In order to get sex you need to have to accept some level of physical intimacy.
Yes, especially when the cuddle with me after sex and ask me how/what I've been doing
Yes, temporarily. It's nice to feel actual touch and other person warmth every now and then and sex while being overrated still feels better than jerking off.
An escort fucking you for money is sex, a girl fucking you out of actual attraction is sexual intimacy. Just look at the layers, psychological versus love/belonging are an important distinction. 
Anyways can someone answer me?>>73052226
This is probably the only time I'll have the money and such to see an escort. Pls someone experienced give some advice on how to find one without getting ripped off or arrested? country is US
Its not worth it to see an escort in the US. Too expensive for the hassle. Take a weekend trip to Tijuana or save for a vacation and see an escort as part of the package
Where do people find escorts?
No, that's why I stopped doing it. It's not the same as having real sex with someone you have a connection with. All I gained from it is not being a virgin anymore.
It did not solve my still-current inability to get an unpaid fuck, but escortceling for a decade did help me feel a little better. Your mileage may vary.
https://privatedelights.ch/
Sometimes, but sometimes it makes me feel worse. I wish I had stayed a virgin because now that I know what sex is like I just start to crave it sometimes and can't resist the urge of buying a hooker and I spend way too much of my money on it. 
I got this one hooker's period blood on me last time. It was awful.
I met a girl from /soc/. I didn't have to "pay" for it, as in I didn't have to pay HER, but... I payed for all the setup. Flight, hotel, etc. It was not cheap.
The sex was beyond amazing. The best thing in life I've ever felt. It wasn't just a half an hour or an hour of awkward humping, it was a solid week of nonstop cuddling and fucking and trying everything we could think of. 3 to 5 orgasms a day easily, and only that low because I insisted we go on a couple dates so I could get that side of the relationship too.
It ruined me. I'll never have anything like this in real life. I should have just stuck to fucking masturbating because at least then I could cope and say the grapes were sour. The grapes aren't sour, bros. The grapes are fucking amazing and I've been denied them all my life and will continue to be denied them.
how do you tell if its a cop or not?
based in europe
goddamnit. amerifats lose again.
fuck the police (real)
I think paying for pussy only makes people that are low-brain dominant feel better
Do they accept non-white?
1 hr US 900
What the fuck?
got boring for me after a while
not as good as a real hookup with a real girl that is into you
because that's a reasonably attainable goal
lol
yeah but the times you hit you realize it's just way 10000x better and that hookers don't do it justice, if anything it just weakens the experience and gets you normalized to shitty sex.
it's worth it to wait 5 years and have amazing sex with someone that is into than it is to fuck some hot hooker twice a month
its worth it to wait 5 years
5 years
If I don't pay for it I will never have sex in my entire life. No one wanted to fuck me for 30yrs but surely if I just wait that'll magically change right? Lmao
Fucked about 30 girls now, superb. It gave me so much confidence enough to start dating. Only that all came crashing down when I was reminded I have autism. After much jestermaxxing I got 5 dates, only all blocked/ghosted me after a free meal. Not worth shit, stick to escorts
If you wait, you miss out on the best sex of your life. You have to do it while your body is still young, full of energy, and in shape
im almost 32 now and I have never seen a vagina IRL and I never will.
You guys are scum and im the only one winning here.
pce
yeah except me who lost my virginity to a real girl and decided escorts were superior
but the golden age of escorting is over. 2011-2018 were the only good years, you won't get anything out of it now
99 percent of men pay for pussy whether they realize it or not
you're better off if you got in when you could-you got a freebie. That was some pretty good, cheap, non-pregnancy sex. Now I have memories for the rest of my life
Now if i were to choose an irl girl she'd look in my eyes terrified that i was a monster who fucked an irl girl, cheated on her with prostitutes, fucked her one last time, then cut her off from sex
we lost our virginities to each other. I never told her that the last time my dick was in her it had been in two prostitutes
I sometimes think about how much better my savings account would like it if I put that escort money there the past 2 years, but the happiness I get from it is more worth it in the longrun. I'd be fat and depressed without it so what good would that money do sitting?
Like >>73051237 mentioned, it works best as a loner. If you don't like relationships or long term contact with people, its the perfect situation. You can focus on other parts of your life and get your intimacy satiated with no strings attached. I had a girlfriend once and the constant communication was too much and I eventually realized it is not worth it just for some free sex
Yeah it is pretty fun when on vacation to get your dick sucked no condom and coom on their face.
Always remember this: wether you die a virgin, or fuck 10k hookers, there is no undoing your loserdom. You are still a loser
haha but at least! *blablabla*
Yeah shut up. You've wasted your life. Doing some noble shit like dying a virgin means fuckall if you still do drugs/drink/watch porn. You still avoid suffering so fuck off. You cant undo your loserdom, so go do what your heart feels like. You have passed the point of being great. You can choose to not pay for pussy, great choice more money left for you, but don't think that makes you a non-loser. You are still fucked and wasted your life regardless of your noble abstinence. So might aswell live it up. No greatness for you. Wether you pay for pussy or not. You're doomed either way. I just want you fucks to stop fucking lying to yourselves that you can still be decent or whatever. You are almost 30 fuck off, your time's gone, you wasted it on porn. So might aswell go do whatever now because it means fuckall
don't most escorts make you wear condoms though?
Why did you end it, anon?
I couldn't move there. She found someone else who could.
for getting your dick sucked? most don't, but yeah you would obviously have a rubber for fucking. As you should, no reason to fuck up your white blood cells for an orgasm. 
I don't use latex ones though, they can ruin your boner from the smell alone, even moreso with the feel. Skyn brand is good over the counter and available basically everywhere but there are some even better ones you can get by ordering online that feel 10x better on your PP
Does paying for pussy make you feel better
Yes, cum in mouth is a great feeling, especially if you can afford a 9/10
Many suck with no condom but all fucking is with condom
