What's on your mind lately?
suicide, that sort of thing. just got my $300 in tax refunds and considering going on a drug binge with the money despite being deep in credit card debt. its remarkable how much of a lowly scum I am.
sadness, boredom, regret, etc
Wanting to go out with friends. Only problem i don't have any and then I'm depressed
I started working a bit, and it sucks. How do normies keep this up for 40/50 years? Apart from that I wanna start exercising and started eating junk food/sweets less. Also wanna stop jacking off but it's hard, it's one of the few things I actually enjoy doing, feels like I'd lose a lot of joy by stopping completely.
When I make music in Dorico I enjoy listening to it but when I share it on 4chan it just gets shat on and I can't tell if it's because it's actually bad or just people trolling because they know having your creative work shat on hurts. 
You get a job that doesn't involve much work or that you enjoy. Most people don't manage that and yeah their lives kinda suck.
Fap less often, you don't have to - and shouldn't - stop completely; not fapping at all raises your risk of prostate cancer. And you'll enjoy a fap more if you've gone some days without it. One or two times a week is ideal.
I can't tell if it's because it's actually bad or just people trolling because they know having your creative work shat on hurts.
It's probably this bruv. Take it somewhere else where other people do that kind of shit and get honest opinions and actually constructive criticism. If it isn't a dumb meme, don't share it here.
sadness
Yes.
boredom
Of course.
regret
Ooooo. Do tell.
You get a job that doesn't involve much work or that you enjoy
How the fuck do you do this? I cannot imagine working 40 hours a week for 50 years and actually enjoying it, nor can I imagine being financially well off by not working much. 
I could get a degree in something and not have to work *that* much, but forcing myself into an education and job I don't like just "for the money" doesn't sound enjoyable either. I don't have anything I particularly enjoy doing that could be transferred into work anyway, so I don't see a way out.
my mental illness is coming back and i hate myself for having this mental illness
I think about how boring the world is to me, nothing interests me enough to want to study it, I have to avoid certain friend group meetups because they always end up talking about sex or their gf which is suicide fuel for me since I'm a virgin
Even if I win the lottery I still won't make it because I am extremely bitter.
But I won't so I'm trying to cope with whatever comes my way.
Recovering from the flu (and possibly mild pneumonia). Shit BLOWS. I lost a day of work and the entire weekend. AND I'll still be contagious so I can't go out for my birthday this week...
I'm about to move jobs, and I'm not excited about telling my section head and coworkers. They are going to be somewhere between sad and pissed I'm leaving. I might lose one of my 3 close friends because of it. But I'm not happy, generally, with my life, right now. Any change has the chance to fix that.
and pissed I'm leaving.
They have no right to blame you for moving jobs, it's a normal thing to do
I don't have anything I particularly enjoy doing that could be transferred into work
You lived too sheltered of a life and have not yet experienced what could make you happy. You'll just have to try random shit out until you figure it out.
Been pretty happy for the most part, but also very blank. I need to surround myself with new people.
The flu and especially pneumonia suck dude, sorry you've had to go through that. Hopefully everything else you're dealing with sorts itself out.
For me personally I worked a few years doing electrical work at a fire alarm company. Left on good terms (I wanted to do an electrical apprenticeship and fire alarms don't really count) and got a glowing letter of reference from them.
Tried to become an apprentice, no places taking apprentices. Eventually hired onto the railroad as a signalman using my previous experiences &amp; reference. And I've been there ever since. Railway signalling's a great job, pace of work is laidback, lot of outdoor work but also plenty of time sitting in a truck, etc. In my particular posting I don't even really work, I just sit in an office and sometimes shoot the shit with other departments. Of course, if stuff breaks I have to fix it, fast.
But I didn't know it'd be good. It was just what I saw and applied for. If you don't like where you are now you gotta try something else until you settle on a job that clicks.
I know, but I carry like 3 internal projects on my shoulders, and I don't know if they have someone with the free time or the aptitude to take over. So yeah, they will be a little pissed. They were also a little pissed when I brought them two offer letters for them to try to match back to back, like 2 weeks apart. I didn't really plan on it that way. Apparently, it's a lot of work to get an out of cycle raise approved. They had to go to a VP and beg for money. All for naught since I decided to move on anyway.
What's on your mind lately?
Hate and litigation
My favourite hobby is reading comics but after getting home from work I'm too tired to read them, so I pretty much have to wait until the weekend to binge read them
Based, but seriously don't worry about what they think, they have to deal with it and you don't owe them anything
If it was that important they'd get you the pay raise immediately. It wasn't so fuck 'em, clearly they'll be fine.
Have you talked to them about helping you out? You don't have to admit you're a virgin, just that you need a little help as you've been in a slump recently. If they are truly friends, they will help. Some Chads and Stacies are bros. Not all, though... be prepared to be rejected if you do that. But it sounds like you don't really want to hang out with them anymore anyway.
I enjoy hanging out with them individually as then those topics don't come up
I haven't asked them for help, I don't think they can do anything since they don't know any other girls and even their girlfriends don't have female friends
even their girlfriends don't have female friends
Uhhhh....
Did you want to clue us in on what that is champ?
Yeah but this is the thing, I don't wanna work a job for 40-50 years 8 hours a day, I cannot imagine it being slightly enjoyable being stuck at a worksight doing nothing when you could actually do things you enjoy for your life. I don't wanna be a mindless slave that sits in an office all day, I want to exercise, travel, cook good food, go to parks, spend time with friends or a sigificant other. I don't wanna have to tie my entire life down and only have a day or two free a week to do things I enjoy.
thinking a lot about how i want to experience love.
i've been having a lot of scenarios play in my head and feel bad afterwards.
i want to feed them food and have them be embarrassed, i want to just hangout in their room while they do stuff on their computer. i want to dress nicely for them.
Sorry but that's the way it is unless you're rich or know ppl who will let you live with them for free
Fuck you glowniggers. I hope you fail
Me liking one person doesn't change a thing. Fuck you
Yes exactly, this is my problem. You either need to spend years and years and years getting rich or be extremely lucky or you're fucked. Living in today's society basically means you're a slave to make someone else richer while you only get older and slower, then spend the last years of your life stuck inside because you're too old to do the things you enjoy anymore. It's fucked and there's not much you can do about it. How the hell am I supposed to enjoy life when this is all there is?
This fucking girl. We met at work and she is almost too perfect. We have the same hobbies, and we both want the same kind of life. She wants to be the traditional type of girl and live the farm/homestead life. She wants nothing to do with computers or the internet generally outside of streaming music occasionally and looking up recipes or something. She's honestly almost technologically illiterate. I've had to show her how to do a few things related to computers cause she's never had a computer before. She's never used any dating apps, and she hates the modern hookup culture. She's chooses to be almost amish, but with a cell phone. We have gotten close and we hangout, and talk to each other basicly every day. She's literally like an irl Tsundere, and honestly I love it. Literally all the dudes at work try to get her attention but she just flat out ignores them. I've seen her reject more than a few people when they try to get her number. She's an absolute smoke show. It's honestly ridiculous. She's like 5'2 and 100lbs. She's got a super toned and fit body from all the work she does outside. Not an ounce of fat anywhere except her ass which you could still bounce a quarter off of. The only bad thing is that she's extremely distrusting and has a lot of trauma from the 1 boyfriends she's ever had when she was a lot younger. From what she's told me this guy was a real POS. Because of all that she has bad trust issues. It took a long time before she was comfy enough with me to hangout at my place. Another thing is she's scared of intimacy. I just was patient with her, and made sure I was always upfront and honest with her. It took a long time but she likes to be held and cuddled, but not all the time. She shows her affection in other ways though, so I know how she feels. Literally the only downside with this girl is that she's scared to be in a relationship again, but she really likes me.
okay, it's nothing interesting though. time just keeps passing, i'm almost 19 and the things i do now will carry me for the rest of my life, but i'm not doing anything. i'm envious of other people and alone, and there's no worth in my life. but more than anything i feel alone
Was there a point I could have not become autistic, was there one little thing I could have done to be normal? If my dad didn't scream at the top of his lungs could I have been fairly normal ?
I bring my personal laptop in to work and do gamedev, music, etc. Nobody gives a shit as long as I fix stuff when it breaks.
part 2 cause charator count
Shes told me several times that she hopes I don't lose patience with her because she wants me in her life. She gives me compliments, and does other little sweet stuff. Shes asked me before what I was eating for dinner, only to tell me that I dont need to be eating trash take out and then show up at my place with dinner she cooked. I remember I cut my hair off cause I just wanted it short and she randomly brought me a beanie to wear cause she said she didn't want my head to get cold lol. She's told me several times that she thinks I'm attractive and that she's scared I'm gonna get bored of her and go talk to some other girl, like wtf lol.
Yea, but you can only do that at work, you can't do that from the safety and comfort of your own home, and since you're stuck at work you cannot do other things you enjoy since you cannot leave. You're stuck in an office doing mindless things for what, someone else's profit? Doesn't sound like an enjoyable life to me.
No not really. autism is just something you are born with. That being said from a fellow high functioning autist you can learn to deal with it. I've had therapy to help me better understand people and not act like a sperg in social situations and its helped me a lot. Otherwise there would have been a lot of times that I would have no idea how to cope in social situations or something. I've seen a lot of people talk bad about this kind of behavioral therapy because they think that being autistic is fine, and there's nothing wrong with it. They think that its autistic erasure or some dumb shit like that, but regardless it really helped me live a normal life and work, have friends, etc.
Apathy, disappointment in the human race, thinking about suicide but I'm not even sad, I just feel indifferent, life is just life and death is just death, that's all there is to it
So you regret not doing anything? 19 is still young. You have plenty of time if you start putting in some effort. The envy comes from not feeling you are where you should be in comparison to your peers, right? Well, they got lucky. They knew what they wanted. They had a supportive family. They didn't have mental issues. They had X, Y, and Z and maybe you didn't. No one is born equal, and we have to put up with what we're given. You shouldn't measure your life against others as a metric for how good your life is. You should figure out what you want and work to achieve it. But if measuring yourself against others makes you feel better, pride yourself on what you have (or will) overcome.
As for loneliness. You are a female with a tag on /r9k/. Don't you have like 2 dozen orbiters?
I'm going to fail pre-calculus because i stopped doing the assignments midway through the semester. I can't tell if I'm retarded, lazy, or both. The latter most seems most likely.
I can feel the rope wrapping around my neck.
I can do literally everything I enjoy at work other than jacking off.
My laptop has Clion on it. My laptop has Adobe CC on it. My laptop has Dorico and Cubase and a shitton of VSTs on it. I have unlimited data on my phone and can use it as a wifi hotspot. I bring a small Wacom tablet and a small Akai MIDI keyboard and studio headphones with me.
I have basically everything I would be doing at home anyways with me. Except my Aeropress for coffee I guess, but there's a decent coffee machine at work so whatever.
Laziliness is second order. You don't see how this will help you in the future, or you know, but fail to care regardless. I've been there. So the question is. Do you have to pass Pre-Calc? They put that kind of bullshit as prereqs all the time, but maybe you don't? If not. Don't care. If yes, many larger schools have a remedial version. Or you can go straight warpath and request your program waive that requirement, which I've seen happen once or twice.
This its the modern day key to the locks the answer that proves infinite questions something that one must only accept in times of strength for it will destroy the weak and unbounded
Oh yes, i must pass it. I love my other classes and they implement what im learning in pre-calc. I just cannot stand pure math, it's so fucking autistic and confusing if there is no meaning behind the values I'm working with. I sit down staring at these weird variables just confused out of my mind, then begin daydreaming, and before i know it an hour will have passed during which I've done no problems.
I just don't have the brain for this abstract shit.
you regret not doing anything?
sort of. these past few years have flown by and i'm learning that if i don't dig in my heels now i'm going to end up 30 and confused. i spend way too much time licking my own wounds (not literally) and that's frankly not how anybody gets anything done- but then again what could i even get done? what value could i possibly contribute to society? it all seems to operate just fine without me
no, but anons do talk to me on here, so i'm not as literally lonely as i could be otherwise.
thanks anon, you sound like a rational person.
im similar but compsci. my final assignment is in for next week but i cant bring myself to do it. i even took a week off work but i cant stop jerking off, scrolling msg boards and watching porn. nothing has worked for me to overcome procrastination. luckily my uni is shite and accept shit results so i might pull through the night before. that's what ive done every other time so far.
So you're saying you have no outdoor hobbies, nowhere you'd like to travel (apart from like 2 weeks a year), no one you'd like to spend time with, and you like sitting in a public office doing these things than in the comfort of your own house?
I got new glasses and perscription earlier this month, first time in probably a decade. Not sure if they fucked up my lens or my eyes are getting used to them. Still my frames, which is annoying as fuck. I get distortion when looking off-center as if everything pulls away and gets less clear. Looking out the sides is worse as it's less clear and I see (( and )) which means I have to center everything or get fucked. Guess I'll give it a month and if not better I'll just get them tested and redone if necessary.
I expect nobody to read any of this shit so feel free to keep scrolling.
My office is comfortable, I have an entire workshop to myself plus a cubicle. If I want to see other human beings I can hop in a company truck and drive to their facilities. And the rumble of locomotives idling outside is very pleasant to me, like being on a ship.
I don't do outdoor hobbies and I dislike travelling immensely.
what value could i possibly contribute to society?
You don't have to do anything major. Just participate. Find people; love them. Have a job; try to do it a little better. Sorry if that's a little new agey.
Is there maybe something you feel you are missing before you can start "doing something?" Do you have the tools? What are your goals?
but anons do talk to me on here, so i'm not as literally lonely as i could be otherwise
Damn. I can't get a good convo out of the anons on here. No way this could replace normal social interaction.
I tried oxygen today. I got it from the doctor, as a treatment for my leukemia. My red blood cells are defective, so I have an anemia what makes me tired and low-energy. So extra oxygen helps. I got the tube in my nose and inhaled it for a while. Felt like tingling all over my body. And then I got heavy nose bleeding.
Now I feel quite finished. That was some blood going down on my hoodie. Could have been a gore video, nearly. Bloody oxygen, so to say.
Anoying effect: I can not really drink wine now. Makes me too dizzy. So I have to take this board sober now ... *sigh
Just how much I want a UBI, so I can truly hermit in peace; instead of forever worrying about 'bux assessments, appointments and mandatory courses.
Also how much I want a barren MILF to cum in every day and who would be happy just to do that instead of giving me problems.
