Should I date a girl because I feel really bad for her? She is actually kinda hot, but clearly not properly socialized and lots of red flags going off, but I feel so fucking terrible for her.
If you're a male and post here you should probably stay away from women
That is all you need, after that you can build everything you want
Sounds like bait, I suggest you plow forward anyhow and see what happens.
Well it depends entirely on what the problems are.
Is vague... Did she grow up in a cage away from other children? Or is just awkward? What are her red flags?
She has a really great ass and perfect figure and is really pretty too so yeah but I'll feel guilty if I date her just to fuck her because she is a good person and doesn't deserve that. Idk how I should proceed.
this is why you should consider dating her. nothing more and nothing less.
Go up to her and put your fingers in both her ears,
Then whisper while looking at her "Elephant Juice"
If she hugs you and kisses you , keep her.
If she says 
"WHAAAAAAT I CAAAN'T HEAR YOU!! 
just say it doesn't matter and pat her head, do a 180 and leave
Yeah so she comes from a fairly religious family and they secluded her a bit. She isn't awkward and interacts with everyone just fine but acts... how should I put it... kinda childish? And she is older than me. Actually sometimes she is a little awkward, she'll make terrible dirty jokes no one laughs at sometimes and it's kinda weird. I think she just might be really horny.
Is she super religious too? Idk m8, you haven't said any red flags yet.
She is religious, yeah. Not like super crazy religious but she follows some of the rules. But she literally still lives at home cuz her parents don't really want her to become too secular. She said they still check her phone and make her leave her door open if she has friends over even though she is a full grown adult and has been for some time.
Do you really want her parents as your in-laws?
we find out after all that op really is a faggot
Oh damn. Still lives at home. That's a red flag. Cuckholded by her family, too. You hate to see it. I don't see how you have a chance, honestly. If she's willing to stay at their home with their strict rules, then you are going to have to be blessed by the family. You could maybe try courting her and making a move when she isn't home and hope she's open to "rebeling," but I don't see it working long term.
Yeah... nah... but she is hot though and likes it when I flirt with her so... I really don't know if I should text her back and see where this goes.
leave her alone, let her find someone who'll actually love her &amp; quit thinking with your dick
She is going to say no. I get that you like to fantasize that this is about your choice, but no level of family torture or other mental abuse is going to make any woman embrace the losers of r9k. She's probably going to cry after because it makes her realize how bad people look at her situation that they think losers like you have a chance.
prostitutes exist, never date a girl just to fuck her, you need to actually start accounting for other peoples feelings rather than your own
She has had a bf before but told me her parents didn't really approve and he ended up breaking up with her because her family was being too strict. I do know she is willing to rebel though, I mean she straight up told me she hates her mom. She also said she smoked weed and tried alcohol on a few occasions (lol I know) behind their backs. I am fairly certain she is bi-sexual because she checks out both guys and girls but doesn't want to admit this for obvious reasons. She seems to implicitly be begging me for a relationship because she always tells me how badly she wants a bf and wants her parents to be more lenient and flirts with me.
You can proceed by giving me her contact details
Well shit. Still, it doesn't sound like it's going to end well for you, but go for it. Worst case sounds like this finally explodes her relationship with her family and she's finally free.
Why the fuck are parents so retarded? It's been publicized *everywhere* for a half century or more that helicoptering makes your child hate you and they will endeavor to undo everything you tried to instill in them. It just doesn't work. You aren't different.
I will be straight with you, "go for it!" you might start something great with her, her parents can also change in a big way I've see parents change after grand kids are born. One step at a time, just take it slow and make it right, give her a proper first date/bf
if you don't want to , I will take your place and every other anon will mostly also.......................But not That other anon who is a very bad man, you know who you are!!
Yeah maybe I should take the risk. I looked at her and thought to myself one day, "You know, I could love her."
That's it you lucky son of a gun , you found your one, the diamond girl that every anon wants
I'm just afraid of her family situation. I haven't met her older brother but the way she described him to me makes me scared as he seems more serious about the religion and also kinda guards her.
Do you enjoy her company? If you don't like her, I wouldn't do it. I don't imagine a relationship built solely on pity would work out thay well.
I do get along with her. I'd say we have fairly good chemistry. It's just, like I said, there are serious red flags here. I feel so fucking bad for her though like she is such a good person and hasn't ever done anything wrong and I am really attracted to her. :/
Lol. Okay then. Good luck.
You are not wanting to date the brother, stick to only thinking about her and accepting her family is part of the later deal.
Just try and see if it works, if it doesn't you lose nothing
Should I date a girl because I feel really bad for her?
No. You date someone out of attraction and admiration, not out of pity you retard.
Stop. She's a woman and their problems/wounds are almost always self inflicted. Stop thinking with your dick and move on faggot.
Retard incel take.
Fix her and wife her up chuddy.
