mfw I see Chad bullying my beta guy friend
omg you're such a bully
Anyone ever hear this gem?
literally heard this word for word when i worked at wendy's at 17. this older guy bullied me once and one of the female managers said that while giggling
i would tell chad to stfu and check out my ex beta friend's awesome minecraft dragon church and amazing artwork
that's when you have to banter back or else you become the doormat
but you can't come off as offended or you will look defensive
its a catch 22
i did banter back and he threatened to beat me up in the parking lot. the girl giggled harder after hearing that. the guy was a 6'2 white chadlite. im a 5'7 kenyan incel. 
after that i got zero respect at that job
had this happen they normally just play dumb and pretend they aren't attracted by it 
society that breeds retards
how did you banter back? he was definitely posturing for the girl
he made fun of me for being dark skinned so i called him a faggot, then he threatened to beat me up. the girl got mad at me for saying faggot but was totally okay with the racism apparently. 
we were the only two males who worked there. the rest were hispanic and white girls who all worshipped the white chad.
sounds like you royally fucked up and weren't funny at all
yea the workplace racism isn't cool but your response wasn't either, I'd probably side with the white chad if I had observed the situation unfold
I'd probably side with the white chad if I had observed the situation unfold
of course you would. people always side with white men over me. even when im right.
you're choosing the race card instead of reflecting on yourself
you can wallow in your own despair for all I care
You're more of a nigger than he is desu
Maybe they're racist like this guy: >>73057565.
If a Chad tries to bully you just calmly say you can keep talking like a the little faggot bitch we all know you truely are or you can be a man and we handle this outside 1v1.
The Chad will never actually dare go for the 1v1 because he knows, as do you, that you have nothing to lose, and he has everything to lose. More often than not you will be able to fuck him up pretty good.
Saying this will instantly remove any gains he made with females trying to bully you.
In fact I train MMA for this exact reason. So I am ready if a Chad one day dares to say ok to the 1v1. Has not happened yet.
get harassed unprompted
get angry
uhh yikes maybe if you weren't such an incel
Blow your brains out
you're choosing the race card
so when am I allowed to legitimately pull the race card? the dude literally came at me making fun of my skin. what do i do to prevent that from happening next time?
how was anything I typed out racist? the dude clearly said something extremely unfunny and he wants to blame his race for the way people treat him and not the words that come out of his mouth
I'd tell her to watch kick.com/leafy so that she knows how to protect herself
how was anything I typed out racist?
For siding with the white guy, and assuming the black guy is somehow at fault, despite no evidence to support either. See:
the dude clearly said something extremely unfunny
and especially
and he wants to blame his race
(^that's a big one)
WHITE CHAD WAS BULLYING ME FOR MY RACE. 
he made fun of my skin, what else do I blame for that other than my race? 
are you a woman?
gets shat in for being black
its because he's not funny
Lol
how was anything I typed out racist?
Then immediately types out
he wants to blame his race for the way people treat him
Chad could be the grand wizard and it's all those stupid niggers fault for not taking the bants with confidence and not being able to laugh at themselves.
what do i do to prevent that from happening next time?
Literally nothing you can do other than throw down. He wasn't bantering with you, he was using you as a prop to look socially dominant and would have kept pressing until he got the reaction he wanted. You don't outsmart or make a chad look foolish like some reddit wish fulfillment story when they have all the social capital and halo effect
see? this is bullshit. and that other anon wants to blame me cuz im not "funny" enough?
in what context is using "faggot" funny? have you considered your audience?
in what context is making fun of someones skin funny? why am i the one being blamed when white chad started it? what do i say next time? either you're a female, or a former chad bully.
