I'm 24 and never had a sip of alcohol before. Am I missing out?
I've had alcohol before and it's not something I enjoy.
Am I missing out?
Depends on the type of person you are and your genetics. Some people are born teetotalers and seem to never have fun with any drugs, whether it's their own fault or not. Some people are way too low tolerance with booze or get aggressive when drunk. 
Just throw back like 2 beers and see how it feels. Personally, I enjoy marijuana and psychedelics more than alcohol, but booze is cheap as dirt and readily available almost everywhere.
no.
its a dangerous cope if you drink alone. it gets better, then it gets way worse.
if you find yourself at a party its easier to just fill an empty beer can with water and pretend you drink than it is to explain that you dont feel like drinking tho.
if youve actually never had any at all then i agree with the other anon and say you should drink like 2 normal beers and see how you feel. with 0 tolerance youll def feel them
Not really, for me alcohol is either an accessory for when I'm in a social situation or something cold and bitter (lager or pale ale) to enjoy on a hot summer's day. I haven't had a sip of alochol in about 2 years and don't miss it too much, although the wobbly drunk state is fun sometimes
Alcohol is only good if you're gonna take big amounts of alcohol desu
I'm already pounding vodka so I can't really talk, but it's not a "high" in that it makes you feel good. The term "social lubricant" is probably the best way to put how it makes you feel. 
It's not a drug but it'll make you stupid enough to drop your autism in a social situation.
Missing out on booze? 
Not particularly. In fact I would say not having drank at all is a great thing. It's overall more healthy.
Missing out on the experiences and social bonding that would often lead young adults into situations where they drink alcohol? 
Probably. Maybe you have some other arrangements, but I'm guessing if you were very religious or in some other non-drinking friend arrangement , you would probably not be posting here.
alcohol is a cope, and not a particularly good one
