Fuck my life edition
Where are all you niggers at?
Whatttt
I like dxm.
Someone explain the onset of Phenibut I'm going crazy here.
Is it 3 hours? Is it 6 hours? Is it 12 hours? What kind of inconsistent shit is this?
Do you double dog datura dare me?
I mean it just fucking LOOKS deadly. I held some of those seeds in my hand today but then I got paranoid it was going to absorb through my skin so I ran to a puddle and scrubbed myself lol
What? It's like 15 minutes.
Lol I just read this datura trip report on erowid
I'm in a bath, sitting on a toilet, got rid of an extra weight and went in shower, spiders were there as well, I was fed up, so I washed them off from walls, in other words, made the whole place wet, now I could take a shower, I lost time again, according to my mom, I had started growling and banging on the door, making odd noises, mumbling "spiders, spiders are everywhere", I fell in the bathtub, that's when I regained some fragment of my consciousness, as I'm laying on the bathtub floor, I could feel my body overheat, I was burning up, but I was too tripped out to change the temperature to cold, so o overheated my body even more, I lost time again, now I'm at a bathroom door, naked, except I'm holding a bathroom curtain on my shoulders, using it as a cape, waters still on, the place is drenched, miraculously I managed to open the door, my mom was standing in front of me, looking at her idiot, completely naked, 22 y/o son, who covered his back and arse with a bathroom curtain, in a disgraced manner, my dick dangling around, squatting, trying to pick up non-existent spiders from the floor, yelling, mumbling and warning not to step on them.
I just ruined my life and put it in the hands of someone else for years. 
Anyways, let's smoke a joint. Just learned how to roll Dutch style.
No links? Wtf op
Last thread >>73038067 
https://tripsafe.org/
https://rollsafe.org/
https://www.erowid.org/
https://psychonautwiki.org
Last thread >>73038067  #
https://tripsafe.org/
https://rollsafe.org/
https://www.erowid.org/
https://psychonautwiki.org
Forgot to link op
datura is your friend, go and visit your friend. no one has ever been hurt by datura. nightshades are good. what are you waiting for, we want to see you.
Am I the only one that just doesn't understand the fucking appeal of DXM? I've taken two high 2nd plats, apparently the "recreational plat" and it was totally uninteresting, even with cannabis.
I also don't get it, and it's fucked me up for over 7 months now. I was told it was like ketamine which is a fucking lie. Ketamine you're always in control, dxm not so much.
Also dxm is way more internal
it's fucked me up for over 7 months
How so exactly?
I asked this a couple threads ago but I forgot to check back. So when I get san pedro powder for mescaline should I be looking for the stuff labeled "incense"?
roll Dutch style
Dudeweed zoomer faggots are the fucking cringiest thing in the world fucking neck yourself please
Black coffee, snus and a 1g edible. Lifes good for now.
It's a vanilla extract kind of night, lads
It made me "relive" my life, forget all the bad shit my family did and make me think I was more horrible than I am, I also lost "who am I " but luckily I'm back to normal there
Alright, I'm killing myself. What dosage of H should I use? Also where do I get the H?
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOO IM FUKCCINN TRIPPPING THE FUCK OUT ON DXM EWWOWOWOWOAAHAAHAHAHAH
BRO, GUYS. /DRUGFEEEL/ I JUST INVENTED A NEW LANGUAGE I WAS BASHING MY KEYBOARD LIKE A SPASTIC MONKEY AND I ACTUALLY SAW SOME ARTISTIC STRUCTURE OF A LANGUAGE IM GOING TO HYPERBOREA
we are watching you
BRRUUUUUHHHH ISD THAST A PARROT?
I feel like my grandma is trying to make me high as fuck I said a got a bit of pain and ibuprofen doesn't help and she was to give me oxys wtf
Free oxys wtf, based grandma
Ordered a PS5 for some comfy gaming, FedEx shows picked up and in transit but has no scans logged.... I dont know if the vendor will reship since a PS5 is expensive and I've never encountered this with FedEx before.
Is it possible FedEx stole my PS5?
Never mind it was a USPS tracking number not FedEx, it was sitting in my package box since yesterday lol
Is it possible FedEx stole my PS5?
Chill out, sperg. No employee's taking your packages.
I would take sooo much shit if I worked for FedEx or Amazon, I don't get why these Amazon workers are always upset with working conditions. Like you could steal so much shit
Smoked a joint and had 3 beers last night after being sober 4 months. Not going to try to make a habit of it, still have trouble limiting the booze when I start
I miss drinking and letting loose , sadly my mental state has been shook since a bad dxm trip and drinking no longer interests me since I just end up feeling sick
I've heard about the Plat/week thing but I've also heard of daily DXM users that come out fine. Dosed 300MG yesterday and felt nothing significant. Think I'm okay for 500-600MG today?
Like you could steal so much shit
t. Never been employed
How the fuck do you guys get addicted to alcohol? It's such a shit drug I'm trying to make it work cause it's the only legal thing but holy fuck it's bad, just makes me feel worse mentally.
It's not even close to benzos, actually has the opposite effect on my psyche.
I've a serious hangover today. Drank too fast
b-but... your mom is gonna be sad
By being autistic and fearful of other drugs . It's literally a shit stand alone drug j nkw realize
Dude nk, have you tried cocaine and hookers yet? What about being an H addict ? Don't un alive yourself till you tried the above
Makes me confident and enjoyable to be around. Makes me forget about how shitty life is. I'm fully aware of how shitty of a drug it is, but it's become a dependence / addiction to chase that high of normalcy.
must just be wired differently or something. I've tried like 30+ drugs and alcohol is easily one of the best, if not the best. I mean at the same time it ruined my life but it's just always been there for me. it doesn't even feel like a drug to me it's more like a lover. I had to stop though because it completely ruined my life and health
hello friends
i have 1g of opium
how much should i smoke at one time so i don't overdose
ratsch says a matchstick head
anyone have any experience?
It's my anus. Shaved.
Don't smoke, drink it in tea
Paralyzed from the waist down. Dick doesn't work. Don't want people around me to watch me deteriorate further and become a heroin addict. I'm done with life.
why's that? i'm vaguely wary about having to 'cook' it before smoking. i've seen israeli's cooking and smoking it from a paperclip kinda thing, but i feel like i can just use foil to smoke it and avoid flame contact.
i made some laudanum and had a 1/4 tsp and it was rly nice but i'm tempted to smoke.
what's your experience?
You can do more than just fucking with lgirks, , eating out, kissing, hitting, chocking, sucking their dicks, face sitting, talking, touching etc
It's sad you care what other people think still when you are at the point of un a living yourself :(
No experience, just think you should make some opium tea
I've put my mom and sister through enough pain. It'd hurt them a lot to see me get addicted to heroin. I've been tired of living for years at this point anyways. Anyways, where do I get heroin?
don't want to become a junkie
What do you have to lose lol? I'd rather kill myself in your place, but since I'm a pussy I think heroin is the next best option.
I've put my mom and sister through enough pain
Fuck them. I'd rather see my loved one enjoying life from time to time than being suicidal 24/7. Just buy from the DM's or follow a junkie outside and make him an offer he can't refuse.
They'd be devastated because my dad had an opioid addiction. He was my best friend and he passed in my teenage years.They don't want to see me go down that path but I suppose I have no choice.
By dms do you mean social media drugs?
vyanse
~150mg ketamine every three days
DMT once in a while
A strong acid trip once or twice per year
this is the way
bruh my lighter ran outta gas so i cant light up my bong, i gotta leave my room to look for matches or another lighter but im high on dxm and my little brother is roaming around the kitchen at night, what do?
How do you guys cope with knowing you'll be miserable for the next 40 years? Alcohol is garbage and makes me feel worse, I can't get any opiates, couldn't afford them either if I had a source. Psychiatry is a fucking sham. Jesus man I never envisioned life being this fucked up, no balls to kms either.
see
it's a sustainable way to feel all right. at least try out therapeutic keta
Opis mean I coast through life, have you tried kratom? For most people opi naive it can be pretty good for a week or two, just make sure to start with really really high doses so you actually get high, since no tolerance is pretty much the only time you can get high on it
Also opis are only like $300 a month if you're not chasing the high but just the coast through life feeling.
My doc is giving me codeine again and i don't really know what the hell I'm suppose to think and do with that
rub your hands together really fast
Do antidepressants feel similar to a weed high?
What i never heard or felt high from antidepressants
Why does Phen make me so horny
How much Phenibut should I take?
Should you stagger the dosage?
Sell them to me pls
Watched this on ambien last night. Highly recommended if you're early gen z (born 1995-2000 or so) and zonked, this shit goes hard. So many weird nostalgic aesthetics colliding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHV8H2bxces [Embed]
amanita muscaria
Any experience with it? Specifically having it dried and then boiling it in acidic water for a tincture?
How much Phenibut should I take?
1-2g, it's more stimulating below 1,5g but it's also good around 2g. 
Should you stagger the dosage?
Yes.
He says they are for sleep but i feel like i would one get high from them and not sleep lol what are they even used for
I fucking hate white people
I wanna fuck a white bitch so bitch from my high school days fuck
Do different types of liquor gives you different drunk feelings or is just placebo? I mean, fundamentally it's all just the same ethanol molecule.
Different types of alcohol just give different types of hangovers.
this is why. alcohol doesn't feel like the best drug even in the moment (although sometimes it had me basically drooling in pleasure). what it does it it convinces you that your life is incomplete and that it gives the the piece that you're missing, and then when you're sober you feel hollow as ever. it's an abusive relationship
lmao no dumbass
yeah this
any difference in intoxication comes down to how slow or fast you're absorbing ethanol into your bloodstream
Wines and beers tend to make me depressed but liquor always does the opposite
Bier just fucks me up way to hard but somehow i can drink vodka like theres no tomorrow
just found out that my dad is banging tranny hookers as often as he possibly can 
so either 
1. he was gay/bi his whole life and hid it
2. hes heavily addicted to coke and became a tranny lover in connection with that 
or it could be a combination. I still wonder why he took (and kept for several years, presumably still has it) a video of me masturbating on the floor when I was like 5 or 6 years old. 
lemme tell ya though
I love me some adderall
there's a lot going on here
yeah I left out the part where I molested my sister when I was 6 or 7
this pic but dopaminergic receptors and METH. 
LOL! XD
How do different downers compare to Alcohol or phenibut?
GHB any good?
Lads...
I may be an addict.....
just found out that my dad is banging tranny hookers as often as he possibly can
so either
1. he was gay/bi his whole life and hid it
2. hes heavily addicted to coke and became a tranny lover in connection with that
or it could be a combination. I still wonder why he took (and kept for several years, presumably still has it) a video of me masturbating on the floor when I was like 5 or 6 years old.
lemme tell ya though
I love me some adderall
lolwut
getting high af
listening to Honesty by Billy Joel on loop
It hits so differently...
took a 3 week break from lyrica and its still not hitting. 600mg. wtf
god fucking damnit I ended up in another bender. let's hope i dont end up in withdrawals at work tomorrow for fucks sack
Death to fucking niggers
If you are a nigger reading this
Fuck you
your alarm is set for 5 hours and 14 minutes from now
?
It's ogre my man
where to get 3mmc? poppers ain't doing it much in the raves, if you live near NYC we could go to basement together
I thought people only used poppers to get fucked in the ass
considering crashing my life into a ditch using RC benzos again
im 15 + have been brewing cider under my bed for like 2, 3 weeks. just getting started, any tips?
no for some reason they are very common in the scene, i've seen some kid the other night on DXM. idk how you live in NYC and you don't have a ketamine plug
I bought a weed vapor pen and it's charged but I can't suck anything out of it
retard question i work in a medicine warehouse where we mostly do like 6 to 7 orders a day and then chill in our computers, anyway that's not the question but we have random drug tests from the DEA what are some synthetic drugs that are not tested on urine or can be washed away throughout a day, let's say i do this type of drug on a friday/saturday night and i have to work on monday
by my luck i do not enjoy smoking weed
its probably clogged, you gotta suck it as hard as you can babe
Don't take my word for it but I believe DMT and similar might be a good thing to look out for since it can be only detected up to 24h later
bought some Torch Haymaker blend Cherry Bombs. shit is cash. vr porn and weed>>>>>Sex Throw in a sexdoll and you cant tell the difference.
start with like a grain of rice sized piece
drugbros i just bought shroom edibles from a store in my city
crazy times we live in.
The wagie cage is real anon. Amazon has everything recording constantly and fedex is subcontracted out so that small business carriers can do the same. Amazon has footage of all kinds of drivers pissing and shitting in their delivery vehicles.
wagecucks have to take random drug tests like ex-cons on probation
fucking lmao at your lives
Segment from the first episode of "How To Sell Drugs Online" on MDMA
>/wsg/5061509
gets high of lyrica several times a week for months
surprised when tolerance becomes nearly permanent
i have a script but i use this shit twice a month max
thanks for sharing
also im FUCKING TELLING yall that adding 3-4 tablespoons of milk to microwave ramen makes it leagues better
peak munchie cuisine
i wanna feed this gyspsycrusader nigger acid
like 10,000ug to see if he still a neo nazi faggot
sometimes weed carts get plugged up. just muster up a lot of lung power and suck it out and be prepared for a little bit of gunk to hit your mouth/throat
Just took 150mg Ritalin, 2x 5 hour energy shots and a monster energy can. feeling comfy
where'd you find this anon?
VIVE la France 
I wish for progress to win
All drugs should be legal globally 
I love the legalization of all drugs that has happened in Canada.
Only a fake government tries to restrict liberty instead of solving the true problems
UTOPIA NOW AND ALWAYS
How it feels to do LSD and shrooms.
For REAL.
Also the French are incinerating bad police stations and incinerated blackrock
regularly smoking fentanyl for the past 7-8 months
typically purchase 1g, consume over the course of the next 7-10 days, take 3-7 day tolerance break before buying a new gram, repeat process
completely broke a month ago
can't afford more fentanyl
fast forward 4 weeks later, have cash and access to fentanyl
go over to homegirls pad to pick up and smoke
before buying my sack she's letting me hit her fent bong
a bit nervous with this method and nector collector methods of consumption because my tolerance is way down and these methods produce massive hits
gain overconfidence in how much i can consume because i take a large hit from the nector collector in the car before getting back to her place and am fine
once at her place i take a large hit from the bong
got a nice high going but i want to nod
ask for one more hit from the bong
last thing i remember is her asking me if i'm ok and saying yes confused as to why
stop breathing
face turns purple
she narcan's me three times
i'm still not coming back
next starts pumping my chest so my heart doesn't stop
smacks me to shock me awake
finally come to after ice cubes are put down my pants and on my balls
that was a close one, anons. the od happens so suddenly and you as an individual have zero time to react/know it's happening/save yourself. i gotta be more careful moving forward and take one tiny hit no more often than once an hour until my tolerance builds back up a little bit. pic related, the gram i picked up for $50.
Anons am I dealing with neurotoxicity if my MRI was clear? I can't remember shit and I feel retarded nowadays. Did a mix of drugs and was dealing with a lot of numbness and tingling.
Pregabalin might be the best drug of all time. Feels like Im on opiates and alcohol both
signs of brain damage from drug abuse are difficult to even recognize because of how subtly and slowly it over many years it takes place. unless you've done some serious damage to your brain from drug abuse over decades and generally more likely with particular drug classes than others you won't notice being dumber. if you're regularly consuming drugs that would explain the poor memory and brain function which will improve after a considerable amount of time away from drugs.
with that said, a few of the worst drugs for your brain are pcp, mdma and mda. i know people who have become straight retarded and have trouble forming a sentence just from a year of heavy pcp abuse. surprisingly, neurotoxic stimulants such as meth aren't as bad for your brain as many would think when taken in therapeutic doses and not abused with consuming 100-200x the prescription dose each day (5mg oral vs 1g or 1000mg smoked/day) is definitely going to cause some serious neurotoxicity. when it comes to mdma and mda, avoid consuming more often than once a month and keep in mind that mda is more neurotoxic than mdma. keep rolling to a very irregular thing taking no more than 200mg each roll. i'd recommend once or twice a year to keep the magic and reduce brain damage. numbness and tingling sounds like nerve damage and will go away on its own with time.
always wanted to try lyrica but doubt it's as good as a strong opioid. interesting observation that it feels like opioids and alcohol. i can understand the alcohol and think it might be a step above that but not as good as benzos.
Half my face went numb. I was retarded and mixed an ssri(100mg)snri(50mg prisitq)weed vyvanse and alch. I use snris to achieve mania because I have bipolar and like the feeling. The day it happened, it was weed that actually pushed me over the edge. I have felt straight up retarded since then and everything looks and feels fake. Short term memory is shit. Have rolled a couple times in 2018 but that never felt too bad. I'm so goddamn tired
mixing SSRIs/SNRIs and stimulants can lead to serotonin syndrome which is possibly what occured. and yeah, inducing hypomania is really fun. it's like being high on stimulants without the drugs. how long ago did this happen? i imagine it will go away with enough time but i'd recommend staying away from mixing those drugs together in the future.
I dried mushrooms cracker dry, put them in a jar with a few silicone packs, a day later I check them and they're soft again????
wtf how? I immediately put them back under the heater to dry. when they're dry again I set up a new thing - big mason jar, filled the bottom with like 200 grams of damprid and I put a large bag in there.
the plan is to put the crispy shrooms in the bag then close the lid. will this work?
why did they get soft/damp again? it was a sealed glass jar with silicone packs
It happened in nov 2021. Since then I've just felt really off. I cannot even get manic anymore on an snri, so I'm not exactly sure what's going on. I thought I'd feel normal by now, but I don't. Thankfully things have stopped looking fake.
that's a lot longer than i thought. assumed it was something relatively recent. i would discuss your concerns with your doctor to make sure you didn't do any serious damage and if there is a way to get rid of the tingling and numbness.
They suspect it's depression but idk this doesn't feel like depression it feels like retardation. I'm only 23 so idk. Also I appreciate the concern
Any experience with it? Specifically having it dried and then boiling it in acidic water for a tincture?
Yes and yes, I have hella experience with Amanita Muscaria. Not dried tho, I always forage for it myself, it grows everywhere. I also have tons of experience specifically using a low ph simmer by adding lemon juice to water. First take the caps and stipes and cut them into cubes. Then add lemon juice to water until the ph is between 2.5 and 3. You're supposed to use a ph meter for this step but I have found that with my local tap water, for 13oz of lemon juice 5 cups water works perfect. So I add the lemon juice to the water, and then add the mushrooms. Then cover and bring to a boil, once it hits a boil, reduce to a simmer, I go as low as I can while still burbling and then let that bitch simmer for 2.5 to 3 hours. After that drain the liquid and separate out the mushroom chunks. The liquid should be consumed or frozen. I have messed around a lot with this recipe and had tons of fun. Muscimol is amazing it is one of my favorite drugs and I'm really sad more people haven't done it because it's so accessible. I hope you have a great trip anon, be careful for nausea with heavier trips, weed helps a lot. I did a heroic dose of muscimol and needed an ondansetron but it was the best trip of my life.
You could more so say weed an alcoholic I've been on it for my anxiety for 5 years and use it sometimes to get high. It makes me really chill and not a care in the world when stuff normally makes me mad it doesn't I just chill but also get randomly motivated and happy. But i remember taking to much one time when i was alone and just felt the worst. Couldn't stand always falling over or crashing into stuff burning myself when try to smoke ciggies and blackouts. Most people i know use it to enhance other drugs. Stuff gets way more potent especially alcohol so look out for that
have any plans for when and when you'll take em?
It probably is, I've got years of opi experience and first picked up some prega last week, despite my complete lack of self control I'm finding it very difficult not to keep taking the prega. Definitely worth a try, it's a completely unique high.
Thank you based fly anongaric. I'll definitely pick some up this autumn.
Well I'd say you can get addicted very fast so look out for that
Am I a retard or did prega only got popular in the past few years? I'm hearing more and more people using it
Socializing with randoms over voicechat in video games while very stoned and drunk is kinda fun
Anyone know where to look for harder shit I'm ready to end this with a bang
A thread making fun of a cartoon obsessed manchild a while back, I'm not entirely sure where
Yeah that does seem to be the case, did three days last week and spent all weekend miserable, so will be keeping it to once a week max from now on. 
Seems to have done, I only tried it because I got addicted to benzos and spent months tapering and wanted something to scratch that itch without immediately falling back in to active addiction. I've tried all the other drugs that you can do without being super obviously fucked up or suffering at work the next day.
has anyone had experiences with flubrotizolam or rilmazofone? all the RC benzos i've actually tried are getting scheduled...
So I took prega for 4 years had to go cold for 3 months for reason only my doc knows. Shiver all the time couldn't sleep and had hallucinations from no sleep fever vomiting paranoia and fatigue. So yea that was one hell of 3 weeks
Can't go to work stoned today because my boss is there
Man
Based and true. Also stims and cannabis to a degree. Perhaps my favorite out of the drugs I do nowadays. Shame I don't have a steady supply of it.
Not as good as opioids and there is a difference in how the high feels but it's also weirdly reminiscent of opioids. Then again I personally think opioids are the best thing in the world and they are how I'm going to die when I'm ready to go so my opinion doesn't mean that much here. Basically lyrica is god tier but weirdly doesn't have that same addictive pull as opioids.
Gabapentinoids are a weird class of drugs in general. Don't do them more often than once a week and you can keep the best recreational effects and not really gain any tolerance.
Sounds brutal, we sure do like the gaba button as a species but we aren't good at not pressing at.
Yeah thinking once a week will be ideal, just went a bit nuts with the experimentation last week. Currently do phenibut twice a week sso nice to have something else other than booze or opiates to throw into the mix
feels like the last half a year more than anything
nobody was talking about it, then i got a script, and suddenly everyone is having fun with doses that are 1/4th of my monthly prescription :/
i'm surprised people say it's better then phenisbutt, pregaba felt great (only took 300mg max though) but it was like 80% body high and i've heard phen is the reverse
300mg isn't that much if you've got any tolerance. All depends on your weight and metabolism but I had more than that the first time I tried it.
I love seeing Indian girls become fat proud Canadian stoners
i mean my tolerance is basically to 75ish mg which is my daily dose
although plug doubled my script so i'll be balling after may 1st
I'm stoned and on an all nighter, hope everyone is doing good. Gonna watch an anime movie called 'children of the sea'
got paranoid it was going to absorb through my skin so I ran to a puddle and scrubbed myself lol
its not nearly that toxic bro ive done it 100 times
where to get 3mmc?
research chemical sites
depending on where you live i currently use bolchemist and trrc since funcaps stopped delivering to Germany
Do they have the real thing? Heard that nowadays lot of what is sold as 3mmc is actually 3cmc
I take 200 in the morning and evening for my anxiety. It was pretty hard to get them here and I didn't know how addicting it was. Once like 2 years ago I took almost 2000 and I was so far gone that it's not even funny. So people learn from me and don't do them more then once a week or less that shit isn't funny to get withdrawal from. What The Internet says about withdrawal from it sounds mild but it's way worse
be me
friend and me do a line of "speed"
both not feeling anything
hour later I start to feel it
pretty intense high but I'm jittery and can't really concentrate 
2 hours later high fades
have I just been caffeinated?
You should definitely feel speed in less than an hour. Probably some nootropic or RC if you didn't get any euphoria. 
As with all drugs, darkweb. It's readily available due to all the millennials that got hooked on the stuff before it got clamped down on. I've only done it the once but it showed me how much fun stimfapping could be, so now I avoid it like the plague, don't want to go down that rabbit hole.
tfw the pregabalin and the edible kick in at the same time and I no longer want to jump off a bridge ^w^
Are you sure it's not caffeine? Anyway do you think acetone washing could help?
Mate I'm not on the drugs so no I can't be sure. Could well be caffeine but that kicks in long before an hour too, I know because about 5 minutes after my morning coffee I desperately need to shit. 
Can't hurt to wash it but if you did a fat line and felt nothing it probably won't help. Just live, learn and move on.
You can do the rump shaker, huh?
The thug shaker
Gimmie the thug shaker
i took them like 5 minutes after walking out of the store and then we just went back to my friends place. it was pretty cool. only ate like a gram worth. plan on taking more in maybe a week just by myself
https://youtu.be/MAYKoc7_B0g [Embed]
Can you unironically use robotablets as antidepressants? I never experience the recreational effects everyone else talks about. I just get a clear head and it feels like a thick fog has been lifted on my outlook on life. Feeling overall positive for once. I haven't felt like this since trying Bupropion but had to quit that since it gave me seizures. Also heard about Auvelity, which is a DXM/Bupropion antidepressant for treatment-resistant depression which makes me ever more curious.
