HE'S NOT COMING BACK
Who is he? My dad or my ex?
That's a 10/10 body
just got put a paper bag over it's face when you fuck it
her face is predatory goddess what are you on about weakling
I promise you, you will never get the chance bro. KYS
Yup. Can't stand those fuckin dreads. Nigger foids should just straighten their shit out and use whitening cream too. She's way too dark for my taste. Ppl say chocolate Not charcoal. There's a difference folk.
Her legs would crush me into heaven and I would die smiling
Idk what you're taking about. But her face indeed too manly for my patrician taste.
all women are born perfect
men are the ones who need strong looking mothers
Wh*te boys in this thread thinking they can handle all that ass with their tiny white cocks. Youd get your dick halfway in (2 inches) before her ass stopped you from inserting it more. Truly the only hope for white guys is missionary.
you're not wrong; segregation was good for the mental health of men
all women are born perfect
need strong looking mothers
As opposed to the weakling mothers who gave birth to them?
Quit blabbering, take your (you) and leave.
no. I like the contrast of my dark skin and pink shaven pussy anon
What? You a lesbo or a male nigger ?
sexual success with men really does require them looking like predators, and if mom looks like a dear caught in the head lights guess what the son is likely to look like?
men have so little going on in their head socially, that's why the physical form they get matters
women literally tweak their physical form as needed growing up, which is why the ones from spoiled rich families look so fucking weak and obtainable, no adversity
too dark
Shes not even that dark compared to really dark people. I'm not attracted to most black woman, but theres something about the really dark ones that get me. Something about that jet black skin is so pretty to me, as long as they have a nice body.
Pic related, Nyakim Gatwech, the blackest black girl/model
that's not natural at all
Ay Dios mio I told you to quit blabbering. I'm not even gonna dignify your response with a (you) this time.
i can smell ur rancid pussy thru the screen
rub it for me
Shes not even that dark compared to really dark people
comparison 
the BLACKEST BLACK PERSON
Something about that jet black skin is so pretty to me as long as they have nice body
Whatever man. You do you.
Look up her name, thats just how she is.
idc what photos she has on the internet, her skin is not born that way
I have just unlocked a new fetish
Where so I find girls that look like this?
You're a coomer. You haven't unlocked anything. You're simply degrading by the second as you continue to coom to anything and everyone.
Unlocked another fetish, tell me more oh wise one
shut the fuck up whore, you will never have sexual energy again, enjoy being a pedo the rest of your life
Struck a nerve did I?. You'll get over it (hopefully).
yea u did but I realized why coomer was an insult and now it's just a word
thanks, as always
how's your hymen reconstruction surgery going?
Unlocked a new fetish, two people arguing over a comment I made
Gald to help. I'm no whitoid so I'm not sure where you got the impression I was trans.
ur a girl who's been trolling for years and is still terribly bad at what you try to do
Now Don't go schizo on me. But pretty Please do tell me about this mystery girl?.
weird whore who doesn't understand empathy and thinks I have cameras on her
that webm
Okay at what point is the "i'm not asking for it" claim going to be complete bullshit.
She's literally grinding like she would on a dick.
Those are signals. And she's signaling to the whole internet. Women are so fucking protected it's retarded.
Did you watch the whole thing?.
yeah, she's signaling that she'll take any cock (because she's posting it online) but realistically she'll probably only take that one or others that both have chad attached and pay her.
Do you though?
chad doesn't exist, he's a boogyman made by women to scare men into behaving
the guy she's fucking is a weakling who she could kick the ass off physically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFOzayDpWoI [Embed]
Idk what that means. But ok.
This is more of my taste desu : https://youtu.be/-6Xl9tBWt54 [Embed]
damn i sent that to my ex she hated that song
too bad i hate u otherwise i might feel something
I objectively have a superior taste im women, music and anime. You don't have to like me. Just admit it to yourself. 
https://youtu.be/2ZN-zAKIfyQ [Embed]
stop pretending to be a guy you fucking weirdo
sees black person for the first time
um yeah, fetish unlocked!
