Im almost 26 and never had a job, gf, best friend or car. 
How over is it?
How over is it?
it never even began...
seriously. What do you expect from your life at this point in time?
26
never had a job
never had gf
never had friend
never had car
what have you even done since graduating from high school?
what about your parents?
then it flies right to the fly trap
bred out of the genepool by choice even
the human mind is a dark place and it's all connected...suicide, insanity, r9gay, /pol/, just 4chan alone is this forbidden thing like no other and then I realized yep they wake up like in the matrix and go insane and it's all nothing too
what have you done 
Nothing Anon. Worked two shitty part time gigs less than a year thats it 
parents
Dad pretends I dont exist I guess, mom thinks I can still salvage it but she is delusional. Therapist tells me Im still young and its not over but I pay her 350 to say that
and nomatter how sick another person is, to them you are just retarded like daddy trump says and it's really not easy seeing your one existence just pure waste of even potential you will never know you had, it's all this deception but then you realize the problem is too deep they just meme'd everyone to death 
and then just people with schizo will tell you that you should have been normal
and it's all these dark matters there's no way to summarize it
and even the schizo is like literally them knowing the magic trick then integrating it against eachother and all this shit
what do you want to do?
just LDAR? or become a wagecuck and move out? like me?
honestly both lifestyles suck to be honest.
I've LDAR and NEETed for half a decade and in the beginning it was blissful playing video games all night and consooming media
but it becomes so boring no video game or film appeals to me
although I am a wagecuck currently, I have money to buy my own shit and do what I want with my money
if you love LDAR and NEETing then go for it though
your choice ultimately
he's just fucked that's the truth and then like there's "hope" but really people don't know how deep it is, they're just being slowly eaten
I just think its too late for me. If I somehow woke up as CEO chad tomorrow I wouldnt care because I missed out on youth. I guess ill LDAR bc I have no degree or certs so what can I even do >>73051896
you sound schizo anon
he can get out if he really wants
i work a min wage job and every time i want to go back to ldar and neeting i remind myself that its not a lifestyle i want
it was beautiful at start, but it just ain't feasible
i dont wanna be a 35 year old living with his parents without a dime to his name etc
i'm 24 and work a min wage deli job lol, it aint the best but i can pay for my own shit and get a cert in the future and do something else
if you like ldar and neeting then it's up to you anon, your life, your choice
do you get neetbux at least?
