https://voca.ro/1una1MQ7MiGP
... >.&lt; OwO
consider getting a job or findnig a hobby
https://voca.ro/1m2b5hcxc6An
I do have one silly >.&lt;
how much did you pay to get a real woman (see: female) to say these
So, you're admitting you are trans now instead of pretending to be a real woman like you were the other day?
what are you talking about 4orps
i LOVE being a transgender UWU
Love me tranny threads
I'll go post a trans bait on /pol/
https://vocaroo.com/1nMKnwBlxZSy
every day with this shit my fucking god
Go on the loser board on the autist site
Find trannies
What were you expecting?
And I'd love to get a shotgun, shoot you in your stomach, the place where you don't have a womb and never will, then have you scream in agony while you die a painful and slow death >_&lt;
i dont even care about trannies but this one tranny (sophie) i genuinely want to find out where it lives and give it a stern talking-to
i love being a trann- ACK ACK ACK ACKITY ACK ACK
Do you mean rape when you say a stern talking-to?
no 
i literally mean a talking-to as in a parent telling its retard child to STOP POSTING THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER
what a poorly written assessment
Oh... Lame... Boring in a very original way as well.
iain rea'in alat niga
Huh? Are you the same Anon in that rape fetish thread that was complaining about me playing him for a fool cause he assumed I wasn't trans?
wait so are you trans or not?
I'm not the OP, but yes, in an original way.
lol, in an origidesu way
So are you the same Anon? What are you doing in a thread like this if so =w=
i recognize op and i know she's not trans or so i think
OP needs to hear this. Very inspiring.
Why'd they lie about being trans? Literally brings nothing but suffering.
Who is this S*phie you're talking about?
The OP of these thread isn't even trans, she just likes to fuck with people lmao
A tripfag on /lgbt/
(Please help me I have autism, at least idk tripfag lore)
No its not him, his voice is not that good. That trip got exposed for paying people to record clips like the OP vocaroo
Awww, I don't get why they do that, I like it way more to hear their failed male voices, it makes them so adorable~
kill yourself tr*ns fucker
Nice try tranny samefag. Let me assure you, every one of you fucking filthy pedo troon cunts will be erradicated by 2024 or sooner. Mark our words.
We are anomalous, we are a region, so scary Anon, I'm trembling in my stockings! I'll believe you when I'll see get some sunlight.
Thst was a meme then but this is now. People are waking up. Anti tranny bills are being passed. The law is on our side. The walls are closing in. Enjoy your time while it lasts.
I'm not American, and the vast majority of the country doesn't support conservatards, it's why you are flailing so much to prevent young people from voting, your policies are extremely unpopular in your own party as well, a very small minority wants to hear bitching about trans people daily, your best candidate for a genocide is getting fucked bareback by Trump, enjoy your time in the spotlight while it lasts.
Keep talking we will see won't we? Whos gonna stop us? fags and trannies? lol you have no idea of the scale of this. You have no idea how severely outnumbered you are. Were gonna get all of you. You're finished.
Fags and trannies are indeed stronger than the silent majority composed of basement dwellers, I gave you a factual reply and you replied by being a sperg, you are so pathetic and I can't help but feel pity towards you.
Conservative states vote for conservative policies 
Wow how did you come to that conclusion?
Meanwhile look at Georgia, Michigan, Wisconsin. States are flipping progressive
If the gerrymandering can be undone in those countries, conservatards unironically won't be able to win anymore, unless they stop being retards.
*States, whoopsie
Original comment, I swear.
You didn't give anything but lies and fake bravado made up by your tranny fantasy. The leftist states are a minority but we are the majority and we are empowered. Have you read the news lately? homophobia and transphobia on the rise, getting beat up and pushed out, drag queens getting banned all around the world. The world has had enough. Its fucking over.
Listen here jack. We're winning. 
Inb4 stolen election
Dems still won the popular vote. Covid killed off the boomer conservatives.
Lmao ok, yeah trans people are indeed fucked because shithole countries around the world with no influence whatsoever that are only good as rocket magnets hate us. Lol, lmao even.
Nooooo but, but look how much more red is on the map!
I swear they have fucking cows voting for them in these barren fields.
Are ya getting scared tranny? I can feel your fear from here BOY. we gave you the chance to live but not anymore. Biden aint gonna save yall now. Get ready
Lmao you won't do shit. 
I have the support of the president, military, corporations, academia, and majority of the population
its my voice anoony m
