I don't know how to feel about this, it was nostalgic but at the same time painful ntr
seeing a bunch of ugly out of shape dudes with 9/10 girls
This Anon. I don't understand why I don't have a GF if these guys barley take effort in how they look. Shit dude, I'm ugly, where's my 9/10 GF?
Bullshit. Personality is a meme, and in real life I'm quite witty and sarcastic which makes people laugh at my half assed jokes.
I genuinely don't understand what is it I'm lacking or what is it I have that simply prevents me from having a girlfriend
Have you tried talking to women?
Maybe your personality is weird or your social awkward. Thats my problem
Yeah I don't struggle or act all autistic when talking to them, I do consider I'm somewhat weird or awkward but I mean, like any introvert guy out there I guess? I'm extremely cynical but when I talk to women I usually try to hide that, maybe that's it? that I'm not being me all the way? I don't know.
Lately I don't flirt with women anymore, it was back in high school where I had my chances and kissed a couple but never went as far to ask them out to be in a relationship or anything.
Now that I'm college I rarely happen to come across girls. There was one at a party and she wanted to kiss, we did but the story goes as usual. She's ugly, plain, I don't want anything to do with her so yeah, besides that there are not many opportunities for me anymore. No I won't lower my standards because as I've said, I come across ugly guys with beautiful girlfriends all the time, so I want a hot one as well.
Physically I'm not ugly, even classmates have told me I'm handsome and that I don't get women because I'm stupid, an idiot.
I don't know. Normiemaxxing seems really difficult to me and if I did that I wouldn't be me anymore, I'd always be faking every single thing I say or do.
the reason you didn't have a conversation with her is bc you didn't talk to her. it's not your looks or even your personality, you're just being shy. it's okay though, don't beat yourself up ab it, social anxiety is rly tough and a lot of ppl have been through it. probably a lot of the other guys with cute gfs in that theater were in your shoes before, and overcame it to be in the fulfilling relationship they have now. just focus on caring for yourself and look up ways of overcoming social anxiety. you can get better. and in the future when a cute girl sits with you you'll be able to talk to each other :)
