t. 40 year old single woman
You're the only one who mentioned age, so I have to assume you're similarly old. So what's it like being a social reject whose life is half over?
as a middle-aged female
literally in the op pic, retard
This isn't true. I'm dating a 30 year old woman right now and the biggest thing she regrets is wasting her 20s partying and fucking guys. It's all she talks about. She's a fucking assistant barely making $30k because she dropped out of college due to her bf.
She doesn't even know her body count and she said one of the reasons she fell in love with me was because I was one of the few people that gave her a chance
Wew lad. Rushing to defend this chick would be sad. I'm a lot happier than this coping alcoholic thats for sure
literally in the op pic, retard
no where in there does it say 40 years old
every older single woman has this mindset and its why im not going to reward women for fucking sexy guys instead of me in their youth
This lady is probably closer to 50 than 40. The problem is that most "discourse" on the internet is dominated by 15-30 year olds. The older crowd is just entering adulthood without the typical lifelines: marriage, home ownership, or even positive attitudes regarding heterosexual relationships. Of course someone who thought the 90s-2000s were wild doesn't think there is a problem: they didn't grow up with 2010s internet values.
Why are you putting up with her?
Just drinking here and there is alright, but drinking everyday means something is bothering her. She drinks to keep negative thoughts that haunt her at bay.
Drinking everyday will do one no good and it's not worth it.
Been sober here for months now, gonna go for a year no drinking and maybe continue after that.
Shes 100% right. My grandma told me on her deathbed that getting married and settling down early was the worst mistake of her life. I was watching a video with a bunch of boomer women being interviewed about their regrets and all of them said they wish they had travelled more and had more sex and trysts with cute guys. Nobody on their death bed is going to regret having fun in their youth.
Your grandma was a whore who was rightfully married off to suppress her whore instincts.
i dont want to marry a woman who had trysts with cute guys
My grandma was dangerously based. You will never breed.
Need to get my dick wet and shes young-looking and pretty
reddit banned the word women
lmao, what the fuck is wrong with this website
She's in hell now
because every time i signal i want to fuck a woman im creepy but other guys get to fuck women
so why the fuck would i commit to a woman who thinks im creepy
the ONLY type of woman who doesnt signal im creepy is a woman who is eighteen nineteen or MAYBE twenty years old with a low body count
Yeah a ton of sluts will not SAY they regret it, but the reality is that being a slut in their 20s almost certainly made their life a lot worse. They might not recognize that, either because they are too stupid or because they just can't handle the truth, but that doesn't change the reality.
because these women still have their youth so by giving me sex during their youth and a committed relationship they are signaling that i am sexually valuable
the ONLY way a modern woman can signal that i am sexually valuable is by fucking me during their youth SOLELY because of the mindset that is EXTREMELY common in the op post
Now I know why desecrating graves is not immoral.
I thought breeding was what your grandma did? So having children in a monogamous relationship is now something to aspire to rather than something you do after being a whore? Make up your mind buddy
Doesn't matter if you regret it or not, I'm still not fucking with a hoe
based, pump and dump that used up roastie while you look for a long term girl
My grandma regretted breeding, I aspire to be like her and never have kids
LOL you'll NEVER breed incel!
Is breeding good or bad you retarded faggot?
I don't care but why is the word "woman" banned? 
Holy shit.
Most women regret it when they get older.
Here's how the cycle goes:
20s: Woman is sleeping around fucking hundreds of guys, parties non-stop and is care-free
early 30s: Woman realises she is getting older and starts settling for men they perceive as low value
late 30s: Woman is single, childless and alone and can't have kids anymore, decides to blame men for her own failures despite the fact that she chose this path.
average life expectancy is 80 years old
middle of that is 40
middle aged therefore means a person in their 40's
not sure how that was hard but ok retard
