Tremendous.
literally me rn, i sat down and did nothing and pretended to do some bullshit on my phone, got bored, went upstairs and my dad called me about 5 times telling me come back down, not coming i'd rather cope up here than down there
I hardly talk in such gatherings
Don't worry bro won't be long now before she gives up on you entirely.
I can't say I regret it. I don't understand why you're socially obligated to participate in the holidays with family members. I have nothing to talk about and I don't want to hear about your stupid fucking job or sports. I see you twice a year and that's all you have to talk about? I'm the weird one for not pretending to love working and gossiping like some faggot?
If your mom is being a bitch about it just be on your phone the whole time. Once they all fuck off you can go back to jerking off c:
I don't have a phone and the TV is usually turned off at gatherings so there is nothing to do but listen to whatever boring shit they have to say.
Same here but when they ask me something or when I could participate in the conversation I try to say something.
She gave up on me a long time ago. My whole family has. Hope they also stop praying for me.
I don't drink alcohol but everything else you said is true.
Nice trips but I don't have a phone >>73051789.
anon are we living the exact same life wtf this happens to me word for word. why expect me to sit around like decoration if you're not gonna let me talk or finish my sentences? so damn frustrating, i cant wait to make it out of here although i fear i will never truly be able to cut off my family cause guilt
Me when i was a kid and till now. The trick is to be polite when leaving. Say excuse me or some shit, maybe leave for a bathroom break and never come back. When they ask you what youre up to, just say youre texting a friend or some shit (works if your family isnt that nosy). If theres a dog, pet it to pass the time
sounds like me except I end up just staring in the void to save face
I realized that people like family just actually enjoy spending time "around me" not "with me".
So I've just kind of learned to bring my Switch or play some games/fuck around on my phone; but at the same time stay in the same room as them and chime into a conversation when I feel I have something I could actually contribute with.
Usually, that is a good medium that keeps everyone happy, they get to feel like I was present for a family gathering and I get to play vidya.
"Aren't you ashamed of ignoring everything I said like that"
tooth for a tooth
Fucking hopeless Gen X.
