i just read a very evil doujin
um ok and? is this how you normally start conversations with people? you have to share the name so a discussion can actually happen
um ok and?
Hey nigger. Why don't you go kill yourself
Picrel looks neat. What's going on in it?
its too evil and i feel bad and am crying
bone cancer
anon if i know the specifics i can better comfort you
Ive also looked at evil stuff. I hope you feel better anon. Try to make virtuous choices in the future. It's never too late to change. Also off topic but picrel looks really painful.
its too evil and i feel bad and am crying
The cool thing about this sort of thing is that you dont have to subject yourself to it again. You can read synopsis' and get a general idea of what goes on in one before reading it.
I don't subject myself to things that make me take spiritual damage anymore and neither should you.
What doujin specifically?
bone cancer
looks kinda cool, just imagine all the stuff we could do if we had full control over DNA
so it was you who gave me food poisoning. fucker
I support eugenics in theory but in practice it seems hard to pull off
go on sadpanda
Artist: oyster
I remember the /a/ threads.
The man was a grandparent.
This picture disgusts me and makes me angry. Really angry, right down to my soul. The same kind of disgust I get from trypophobia. WHY IS THE SKULL FURRY?!
so it was you who gave me food poisoning
what?
no no just ignore that idek what the fuck Im talking about. i replied wrong just forget it ha
Bone cancer apparently
I'm out of the loop anon. What's that
H mangakas are insane. The absolute perversion is incredible.
It makes my very being fall into disarray. I see it and hate it. Fuck. I can't control this, but it looks so disgusting and makes me angry
I fapped to guro
again
Sorry anon. Maybe we should make a hentai recover general or something. A lot of us here have taken psychic damage from this stuff.
Sadpanda
MasqueraDead (part two) by Shinjima Saki
Implicity (chapter 1 or 2, not sure if we can the prologue) by Higashiyama Show
Worth a shot but I feel like it would just end like another nofap thing
What are they about?
masquera
rapist psychopath child does rapist psychopath things
implicity
child prostitute who lives in slum finds a ring and is happy
her friend or brother decides to sell it so they can eat well instead of her having to fuck more guys
while he is on his quest to sell the ring she gets gang raped and tortured until she is mind broken
the guys gets beaten up for stealing the ring and doesn't even get any money
I hate that I get off to shit like this.
a) what the fuck is a doujin
b) you sound like a pussy and I really want to hurt you
Who was the artist? The most vile doujin I ever fapped to was by typehatena.
don't do it anon, it damages your soul
i still want to make doujins desu
become pokemon gf
I REALLY need to pet the fuzzy skeleton
Hold radium to your skull to get bone cancer
It's not fuzzy. That's bone cancer which means the growth is bone too.
Spiky
I worry I've damaged my soul too much already
that's why you gotta protect and take care of whatever is left
Sometimes I wonder if it's worth it to even try anymore
it's always worth to try
look at the eye hole, my goodness, what a horrible cancer
 Boring guro/rape 
 Not the precure lesbian abortion snuff douijin
Pathetic.
Yeah, I feel for that guy. I wish we could fix this all.
Normalcattle go back to tiktok or something, but gtfo from my board
