Can you reclaim your lost youth at 26? 
t. permaNEET loser
What specifically do you mean by "lost youth"?
The fact that at 26 you are pining over your youth already proves you are juvenile as fuck OP. You're basically already there, a child in a mans body.
Why do people on this site put so much importance on young love and youth? especially the former. My theory is its a bunch of pedos who just want an excuse to be with teen girls
They watched too many coming-of-age films and think that sort of thing is the average teenage experience.
I think people have been looking for the fountain of youth for a while
I had sex with a smoking hot 18 yo as a 24 yo. This was by far the best experience in my life. Told her I love her and she ghosted me hehe but still..
18 year old girls are super beautiful
Young love is the only pure love. Adult love is ruined by things like money.
If you never experienced love before adulthood, you missed out on the best love of your life.
I wish I even got a chance to experience youth. But bullying robbed me of a childhood and a chance to learn, mature, and grow.
Yet society still expects a person who never even got to be a child to be able to function as an adult.
I'd imagine it's more about being inexperianced and virgin themselves. I'm 30 and a virgin, never touched a woman. Holding a woman hand would be a big deal to me. So the idea I would get a woman who is 30 who already had +10 men before me, actually 30y old can already be divorced etc it's just off putting. But you immediately use word pedo, are you a used goods roastie by any chance? Also I probably wish I was enjoying my youth a little bit more so I guess OP was referring to that, wanting to re-live your youth, not that he is attracted to underage kids. Also all men want 18y old women, not +30. Cope and seethe.
Yes it reeks of fantasy. These people are virgins for a reason
Nah Im actually a dude in his late 20s and I would prefer a woman in her early to late 20s like myself. Wtf do you even have in common with a girl thats 18? Her family will hate you, her friends will think youre creep and you will be judged by others when they find out how old you were when you got together. Making up this fake scenario and getting butthurt over it doesnt matter. Like most men on this board you will die alone anyways
Less experience than 30y old since I am 30y old shutin hikkikomori virgi. I can't relate to a 30y old woman who had more physical contact with male reproductive organ than me. But idea that 18y old woman is somehow pure is also unrealistic. I don't mind being alone it's just baffling it's hard to understand a concept of men longing to re-live their youth, it's not even sex related, life was simpler, I could play vidya without worrying about taxes etc.
Why would you want your first time to be with a woman who's already ridden the carousel? Women that age are looking for husbands, not boyfriends. She's not going to do all the stuff she did with other guys with you. You're paying more for a worse deal.
Right? Why can't I enjoy my first kiss with a woman who will also do it for her first time? Why can't we share each others first? Do I have to kill myself now since I'm 30 and I only am allowed to do it with women who already had abortions, children and marriages? Who won't look at me like I'm their first, one and only etc?
That's been a thing throughout history, Anon.
I used to be bullied, but I guess I kind of found a way around it. I have a pretty strong personality and never cared what others thought of me. However, bullying was still hard to deal with. Ostracization is a horrible punishment for a young mind. 
I remember there being kids who got bullied around me in school, they tended to focus on 1 or 2 people depending on the situation, and those people very likely had some sort of mental issues like autism or something. 
I tried being friends with them, and I was a friend for one of them. The unfortunate truth is, though, sometimes those people are bullied for a reason and being amicable to them is only as far as I was able to relate to them. It was completely unfair to treat them badly, so I did stand up for them when I could, but I also had my own issues in school. 
It is really cruel to expect so much out of someone who was alienated from the herd, I genuinely feel for you. I don't know why I felt the need to reply to your comment, but I hope you're doing better now. What do you feel like you have trouble doing as an adult?
Why would age factor into things like mutual commonalities? And why would that matter, since not all relationships (of any age) are based on commonalities.
I think it's a zoomer femoid who is mad she has expiry date. Men can't grow taller, women can't rewind time. Finally some justice in this god forsaken world.
These views are usually from older folk (of either gender) who have seemingly out-of-touch (or simply limited) ideas of how socialising works, and rigid views on how age affects people.
Well im 28 and have been with women though no relationship. I want a calm down to earth woman who is past partying, clubbing, staying up late at night, drinking and doing drugs going to concerts 24/7. Most normie 18 year olds arent mature and are very much into those things. If you want a wife who can raise you good children you need that type of woman which im ready for
Some guys here arent pathetic ugly virgins who cant talk to women
None of the people irl i know think of this shit. We are past that shit. Honestly i prefer my 20s. I have more money and can hang out with friends without having to be up half the night or do a bunch of exhausting shit. Not to mention more independence. If you have career goals and hobbies your late 20s esrly 30/s are the most kino year of your life
I mean, I'm one too, but even when I was a teenager, I didn't give a shit about having the "teenage experience" or whatever. I thought my school was filled with a bunch of idiots, and I just wanted to escape. This whole board is filled with aspiring normies, not actual outsiders.
because it's simply too late for it, mate. i am in the same boat, though a few years younger. even if you do all of those things for the first time with an 18 yo also experiencing them fof the first time, it will never be the same, simply because you have accumulated all those negative experiences that came with each passing year. you think of the average 30 yo woman as tainted, but I would say we are just as tainted
it is you, who thinks like a normie though. missing out on formative experiences is a real problem, and you can never make up for it
If you're not giving her the best sex of her life, she'll resent you for it. You have to be better at sex than every other guy she's fucked. And the likely experience gap makes that difficult.
Echo chamberism.
You think you only have sex with your wife once?
You're not young and full of energy like the guys from her past.
I didn't give a single fuck about these formative experiences you speak of in the first place. It's only a problem if all you aspire to be is the average dolt.
So you're a cuck? You're ready for a woman who already had her fuck fucking other men and now wants to settle? sad.
Wtf are you even talking about? 20s is not your 50s you retard. How would you know anyway you never been with a woman you dumb white faggot
maybe stop pretending you know everything because you put your stank dick in some diseased cunt, you cuck
M8 the harsh truth is most western women have already been getting the work done, starting early before they are even 18. I can at least say i have gotten my fair share of girls so it evens out, but i will not accept a chick who has been with lots of guys. Im a hypocrite i know but a virgin girl is ideal, but in the West that is easier said than done. The saddest shit is guys who focused on school and now earns top dollar but ends up marrying a roasty who only wants them because of their job title and money
dude I've spent those 30y playing WoW. I am literally my 16y old self. But buffer since I go to the gym since 6 years.
you think you aren't emotionally damaged from over a decade of missing out? if you aren't, i salute you. i sure am.
I was playing WoW not League. I just want a woman who I can relate to and that's not a ex cock carousel rider. So I guess that means I'll die alone, which I'm fine with. I'm just baffled that I can't have a preference and that they're so hard to understand.
This for me except balding starting at 17. I became 40 as a teenager
Because that's when your relationships aren't purely transactionary.
Literally. It's not hard to explain at all.
why are you assuming they want that and to not be normal? i was mentally ill and obese in my teens. i never went out. it's reasonable to want cool experiences with friends? i had a few but my childhood was terrible.
u can reclaim these nuts in ya mouth
Unfunny and no one laughed
You need to start trying now. Every day you don't is a day you'll regret when you inevitably wake up one morning and realize how much time you've wasted. Better to have that revelation at 26 than 36, or god forbid 46.
The combination of being young and not having real responsibilities (job &amp; taxes), so to be able to spend all that free time with your high school crush.
Basically thay small window of time where society expects you to be happy. If you missed it, you're never gonna get another window of time like that again.
i envy the dead
every time
