Help, the chad at work won't socialise with any of the women ever since MeToo happened.
He does a bare minimum of socialising and making smalltalk. He simply says "Good morning" and proceeds to do his work.
Can I bring this up with HR?
I don't know how, but I'm sure this is the fault of the creepy weirdo that manages the server room.
Is this really how people treat chads irl? I can't imagine a fucking universe where a girl asks me to hang out after work, and If I was to say no they would post on fucking Reddit to whine about how I don't spend time with them. The guy is clearly attractive and tall with a fat cock
Wow that was hard
Abouty 6 months ago I started work in a place that is 95% male and the only female on my team has actually been a good worker and pretty chill so far. I was starting to warm up to her(platonically) until this past tuesday when I mentioned my birthday in an unrelated thread of conversation and she went off on a rant about autistic astrology bullshit for like 20 minutes. My opinion of her instantly plummeted. Made me not even want to make small talk with her anymore. Why are women so into that stupid shit?
Shocking! I bet you're involuntarily celibate, for sure.
I'm 27, I like and respect my female coworkers, but there is 0 chance I would ever even try to socialize with them in anything outside of a professional context. If I fuck up, I get fired, and my entire career is gone forever. Not at all worth it.
You guys bitch, whine, and moan online about the slightest inconvenience in your quest for pussy but it's somehow bad when women bitch about things they don't like online? One screencap is. not proof of anything about women as a whole. Stop posting bullshit threads and go back to original content.
Why are women so into that stupid shit?
There's no natural pressure correcting it. 
You either stop doing it, or learn to hide your power levels. Women never face that kind of selective pressure.
What a vapid fucking Roastie
they don't want to socialize with you either.
they only complain when it's Chad ignoring them.
Normalfags are literally animals, they never moved beyond our base biological programing, like fucking chimps wearing clothes.
normalfags are animal, but femoids are on a whole other level. This guy did good avoiding the shitshow that is this girl and her friends/coworkers.
Just see the shit that femoids post here, 95% is retarded. And they are quite tame when compared to your average woman
If one bitchy internet post is enough to make someone a shitshow, then you guys are shitshows on a level she could never hope to match.
well what happened afterwards?
Its not the bitchy post retard, its the fact that someone in their friend circle thought about complaining to HR because some dude doesnt want hangout with them outside work or talk about work related stuff. High school drama shit, ergo a shitshow.
If you are going to post, please comment something sensible, or at least something that is not completely idiotic. Or else theres no point interacting with you.
*talk about stuff not related to work
So one person of unknown gender has a bad idea and therefore all women are evil? Also, what's HR gonna do? There is no way you could fire someone for just being quiet without an actual reason to do so. If he's really bringing down the performance of other employees somehow, then he deserves to get fired, because he's holding the business back. Humans are social creatures and business require human interaction, you are not entitled to a job just for being quiet and getting shit done if you hold back the business as a whole.
Why the fuck would anyone want this? This just sounds like a pain in the ass to deal with.
Last I checked, getting shit done is the reason why you get hired in the first place, you retarded nigger. There is no mandate to hang out with others after work. Kill yourself
Men are into similar retarded shit (MBTI). Get over yourself.
"Getting shit done" is useless if you get the wrong shit done, or someone else isn't ready for the shit you're getting done, or you don't check with other people and do it the wrong way. Bad communication skills are a risk no business should accept.
lolwut females are the primary propagators of the pseudoscience BS too. I've literally never heard a man talking about it. Even less than astrology.
Are women actually scared by the prospect a guy wont talk to them? The poster says that she and the other women at her workplace are uncomfortable because this guy wont interact with them, but I cant imagine why since if anything it seems like it would be more reassuring to them that hes not trying anything.
What's your sign then? Aquarius?
you are not entitled to a job just for being quiet and getting shit done if you hold back the business as a whole.
They aren't "entitled" to the company of another person.
They aren't "entitled" to get paid for sitting around and having benign conversations.
You know. No one's entitled to anything. People are always saying incels aren't entitled to women's time.
Apparently he figured it out.
There is so much dissonance here that it's dizzying.
You see a woman complaining to strangers on the internet that a coworker isn't giving her any romantic interest, and you turn it into "Man, this guy is so entitled. He needs to get a grip". The guy that apparently doesn't even know that this person exists.
I can't quit this shit job soon enough
She said i was a scorpion or some shit(november birthday).
It astonishes me that women themselves, for all their vaunted empathy and social skills, never seem to realize this. They're socially coddled their entire lives which gives them leeway to be objectively retarded and lack critical thinking skills. The only ones that seem to learn went through a lot of hard times.
If you're not also giving the men of the office the silent treatment, this is passive aggressive communication and the person in question is actually in the wrong
maybe he's gay and has no reason to socialise with women
any foid reading this YOUR rules on social interaction is NOT the only one that's right and men have to follow.
No one gives a fuck how feel apart from your twitter followers
It can only be "passive aggressive" if he were trying to be aggressive to begin with.
He doesn't think about her. He's just doing his own thing.
Yeah, it is. That goes both ways though.
If I were to pick someone I'd probably start off with the person that feels entitled to someone elses time and continually ignores the denial of their advances.
You're describing a one sided narcissistic relationship where one person makes all the rules.
And also she apparently does not like him but refuses to leave him alone.
And also "doing nothing" is not a solution because she creates a double bind.
This is a narcissist.
It's not even a relationship. It's a guy that signed up to do "work" and is being bitched out by a woman somewhere that he knows nothing about.
Team building should be in airquotes.
Exciting inspiration of discussions of synergy and interpersonal team building relationship dynamics corporate coffee futures in professional design
The worst part about working is the forced socialization. At my old internship (UNPAID) my bosses forced me to eat lunch in the lunchroom and socialize with my coworkers. Fucking jerks. It's hard to be "on" for 8 hours and then I couldn't even relax at lunch only when I snuck away for a piss. Absolute bullshit micromanaging crap
The guy in the op post seems fine to me I'd just be concerned from an hr standpoint (yeah yeah say what you want I'm an hr major) that this could end up as a hostile work environment if the guy started to act worse or let it impact his work. Also it would be concerning when/if he gets promoted if he would show favoritism to the men over the women in the office. Discrimination is no joke and if I knew I had an employee risking that they'd be on thin ice. Honestly he needs to grow up and treat all of his coworkers equally he's putting a target on his back. This is why you should always just act pleasant with everyone at work you never know what pull they will have or what shit they could concoct about you in their heads. And once popular opinion is turned against you it's too late you are now "that guy"
First rule in Work: Don't shit where you eat. If his relationship with women tends to end up in the sack, maybe he likes his job, and would rather not endanger it with the possibility of a relationship that will go beyond the platonic phase.
that this could end up as a hostile work environment if the guy started to act worse or let it impact his work.
Where in this is the guy complaining about anything.
Or having any opinion at all.
He isn't. He doesn't know this woman exists.
Discrimination is no joke
1. He hangs out with 3 other men, you're just assuming that a sample size of 3 people is evidence that he would never be friends with a woman
2. He isn't "discriminating". Nothing about this involves work. He in his own interpersonal relationships hangs out with men. That's a subjective opinion, and you're not "discriminating" if you like hotdogs more than hamburgers
You're conflating a moral argument and an argument about what would benefit him when you say "should".
Yes, it would benefit himself if he went through the motions of socialising with someone and pretending to like them.
That's not a good thing. This is an unhappy person in a narcissistic relationship.
It's truly remarkable.
People say "YOU'RE NOT ENTITLED TO WOMEN" before you can even blink if you ever complain about a lack of female attention in any way. It's the first thing they say and they literally never think twice about it. It's their catchphrase.
You have here a woman berating a man because he said "No thank you" to her her asking him to hang out in a workplace environment, and they suddenly start bending over backwards to explain how he's obligated to be her friend.
Ughh I can tell by the first part of your post you are a bit dumb so I won't respond to it all 
Listen it doesn't matter that he doesn't know she exists. His actions are making him stand out. By her account he goes out with coworkers and talks to his male ones but won't talk to the women. This is weird of him. If you are going to be social outside of work hours you need to be friendly to everybody. You don't need to be bosom buddies but if you are blanking all of the women specifically you'd be a retard to think people won't notice and draw their own conclusions about you.
You're actually autistic aren't you? Don't worry that's a rhetorical question you contrarian faggot.
Is this why girls at work ask me why don't I talk to them?
I just have nothing to say to them, if it's not work related.
Enjoy getting a job that you really like where you do a really good job and then getting fired because some person somewhere decides that they don't like the way you perform &lt;ambiguous social thing> for some ambiguous reason.
It's what you deserve. This is a just society according to you.
You don't need to be friendly with everyone. Go fuck yourself. You don't know what's going on in people's heads, maybe a guy can't talk to women because he was abused by one as a kid and has trauma, maybe it's social anxiety, maybe he's bitter because women ruined his life and he's scared of being hurt again.
Hate cunts like you, too fucking narrow minded to think outside your own shit world view.
You schizophrenic nigger, the redditor in picrel is granting more empathy for that autistic incel than he has ever seen in his worthless life or deserves. Her only mistake is trying to understand him instead of leaving him alone and miserable. He is clearly hiding how much of a piece of shit he is and has Antisocial Personality Disorder, very dangerous man to associate with. These women should stay away for their safety. He'll get fired soon anyway due to how socially retarded he is
It often really is that arbitrary they will never tell you that's the real reason. Don't get mad at me I didn't set up this society. Fag
Again I didn't say bosom buddies I guess a better word is cordial
This guy is so autistic he's blanking the women in his office even when they are out at the bar with everybody and people are starting to notice. Hate women all you want but at least fake niceities with your coworkers. Don't be autistic
Again, you don't know what's going on in people's heads. There are plenty of people out there who don't talk to anyone, women included because of issues like low self esteem, afraid they don't want to bother people. My best friend is like this and it certainly isn't because of a disability or being ignorant.
You're a wanker, mate. You want to talk about autism? You're the one who can't comprehend the idea of putting yourself in someone else's shoes.
Oooohhhh that person doesn't conform to your personal views, must be autistic! 
Definition of a cunt.
that would've been my reaction too
Is that what's happening?
It struck me as a Chad that didn't want to go out with any of the women. That seemed to be the impression that everyone else got to.
If it's a shy wimpy dork that just doesn't want to talk to girls, then...
That changes nothing.
Person A is not owed the attention of person B.
Or vice versa.
Or anything.
No one's entitled to anything. Remember.
Again, a decision that personally benefits yourself is not the same as a moral argument.
Yes, this is how society works. What I'm saying is this is not a good thing.
Doesn't apply to this guy he talks to his male coworkers and goes to after work outings
You clearly don't know how actual Chads act, if he was a Chad he would've fucked 90% of the women there
And you know this because you personally know these people involved yeah?
Ha you're so fast to talk about autism. You're gullible as fuck, I could just easily make a throwaway Reddit and make up any bullshit I want and it would be no different.
for women not being the centre of attention from men at all times, and not instantly getting what they want, literally makes them lose their minds, they can't process it so they feel intensely uncomfortable
A real head scratcher, that one
Most don't go as far as posting on Reddit, but yeah, if the guy is
All women complain if he doesn't give her attention.
Women aren't used to beg for attention and it hurts their feefees very much. Which is good, let women get slightly acquainted with the reality of being the average man.
I get what you're saying, but if he's Chad he can afford to talk out of this with the HR gals. If it was some average joe, then he would do well do heed your advice.
I totally agree with you. The guys replying to you clearly don't have an office job. You need to blend in. Be a chameleon. The guys doing a bad job at that and the women can tell.
Welcome the "Yes man" culture that women always wanted :/
Yeah, women into astrology all get the ick from me, unless she's a wiccan, because then it actually makes sense.
Kek, women basing their daily judgements and observations from Astrology is some of the funniest shit ever. You think the guy in OPs post is obviously acting out weird, then try a number with anyone who follows that shit semi religiously. Ask them their sign and they will more often than not tell you. I guess for some its a way to try to tell who you are without actually putting the effort into really knowing you and it really shows lol
