Would you be willing to take on an almost parental role in a relationship with your girlfriend? I know that's a weird way of phrasing it but I don't know how else to put it. I really want someone who'll take care of me but I feel like that's an unrealistic fantasy.
unrealistic fantasy
This was literally the norm until women got rights.
No, I want a partner, not another child.
True
Valid, that's what I'd expect
Valid, that's what I'd expect
A lot of guys would be ok with what you're proposing, but expect to give up a lot of control in return and to likely be abused in some way or another. The type of dynamic you're describing won't exactly attract the most savory guys, and usually they're be some combination of desperate and abusive to tolerate such an uneven dynamic in terms of responsibility.
My current relationship has this dynamic. I love taking care of my girlfriend, It's definitely still out there don't lose hope!
I don't mind the control aspects, I like being told what to do because I'm terrible at doing basic things myself. I don't mean that in a sexual way necessarily, just day to day stuff. You're right about the potential for abuse though, I can recognize how being totally dependent would make you quite vulnerable. Ideally it would be someone who enjoyed looking after me rather than feeling like they were forced to. I'm terrified of being a burden on someone even though that's basically what it is.
I'm very happy for you and your girlfriend! It's nice to hear that
this is the norm?
I don't mind the control aspects, I like being told what to do because I'm terrible at doing basic things myself. I don't mean that in a sexual way necessarily, just day to day stuff. You're right about the potential for abuse though, I can recognize how being totally dependent would make you quite vulnerable. Ideally it would be someone who enjoyed looking after me rather than feeling like they were forced to. I'm terrified of being a burden on someone even though that's basically what it is.
Yeah there's a very wide range of guys who could be into this, and it will almost always be at least partially sexual, though I'm sure it is for you a bit at least as well. Point being, try to stay away from the more abusive ones.
Depends on the extent. It's important that she maintains her own autonomy and decision making, but I'm more than happy to talk her through those decisions and guide her. It's also fun to make simple decisions for a girl, like picking her outfits
unironically it's a phase you're going through, and a lot of girls go through, you're low self esteem and you believe you can't do anything right because your life was fucked up in one way or another until now, and you believe relinquishing control and 'giving yourself' completely to someone would prove to yourself that you're worth it
sadly, as that other anon says, it's most likely going to lead to you being stuck to a few assholes that'll abuse you in one way or another and that will not fix the original issue (the low self esteem), and you'll either learn that lesson after doing it a few times, or you won't and you'll be stuck sucking the dick of a guy you believe 'used to love you' and doing what he wants righht now will surely bring back his love for you (that you probably made up in your head and you just don't remember how much of an asshole he was right from the start) 
there IS a natural aspect to it though, it's the natural order of things that the female is younger and that she wants an older male (that she can trust and respect more easily) because women aren't great decision makers overall, some can learn how to do that in the modern age, most can't
but that doesn't mean you should give up on all agency, and it's not like females had no power in a relationship two hundred years ago, it's just a balance to find and that balance isn't easy to find due to how fucked up society is right now
Mate. Not everyone is abusive.
Yeah I would. But every girl into it always lives in the US, so. That's that I guess. You probably do too lol
Yeah, but only to a point. As much as I enjoy to be controlling, some long term decisions just shouldn't just be made by only one partner. 
I dont care if she wants to get told what to wear or how much she is allowed spend today, but if we consider moving to another town "Whatever you decide, daddy!" isnt the right answer.
Yes, I can put a roof over your head and feed you. 
But I will also make you do chores.
I have to wonder what women who read shit like this must think.
I'd think it's pathetic.
Whats more pathetic? 
Someone asking a trusted person to make decisions for them? 
Or some fag trying to decide how others should live their lives without being asked?
I want a woman who I can take care of and keep her beautiful and young.
