560 IQ
Going to live for 260 years
Automatic warfare when I turn 127 will kill every poster on 4chan that is not autistic
Going to be living in a bunker, comfortable, watching Tarzan while the people outside of my house kill one another in fear, totally oblivious to how I am living
If they show-up, I will simply murder them.
To tell the truth about who I really am, the best day of my life was watching 9/11 and seeing the peoples cook alive.
It's going to repeat thankfully.
watching Tarzan while the people outside of my house kill one another in fear, totally oblivious to how I am living
TWO WORLDS
ONE FAMILY
I GET THIS REFERENCE I KNOW WHERE THIS IS FROM
What's the IQ of incels committing mass suicide so that people are nicer to incels?
I'm going to have a drawing tablet and a new laptop and I will start drawing animated rule 34 of the cartoon I am watching and then jack off to it after it's done and colored while never pressing play for a cheap high.
Some of the best Rule 34 will never see the light of day.
It's a pretty bleak ending to life because of no internet from WW3, but it's alright.
I think if I were 40 IQ points smarter it would be totally unbearable as an experience because I would be too awake, but this is alright.
I think creating my own content from existing creations, storing the cartoons and pictures and making my own fan-art, will keep me alive without internet connection.
It sounds pathetic, but the reality is it's the only fun I will be allowed from life.
The video games and cartoons will all get old and totally unbearable.
I should probably kill myself right now, but I do not care to do so. When I no longer want to keep going in life, I will go ahead and drink cyanide or shoot myself, but that's realistically never coming.
Going outside to murder people is literally death. They'll be watching from their windows, waiting to shoot and kill anyone they see outside at night and day-time as well.
Even with a 560 IQ I'll end-up getting murdered if I leave the safety of the bunker.
The worst part about me as a person is that I can still have a baby even though I am who I am.
I only don't because I know life is totally over.
It's because my white blood is technically all from Germany. I think that's the only reason I do not intend to murder the people I live around.
But it's definitely going to be a 98.07116 living to 260 years old. I like life this much.
https://github.com/zpalmtree/r34-downloader
