Where are all the girls? I went to the bar on a Friday night, none there. I went tonight, none there. I go to the mall, none there.
I try Tinder, my matches don't respond.
Where the fuck is everybody? I took the "go outside" advice, and there's no one there.
Chad only parties and/or with their boyfriends
Do you live in a suburban environment? Or a really dead urban one by any chance?
I live in Albany, Georgia. That's urban.
I have the same experience. Zoomers don't leave the fucking house, loser or not.
As for looking for girls at bars. They know if they go there, they are going to get swarmed with attention. So they only go if they are looking for attention (dick).
Zoomers don't leave the fucking house, loser or not.
Well you can't really blame them because cars are too expensive for them, and even if they could leave the house, there's nowhere to go.
they're in bed all day, scrolling through tiktok. they're on tiktok from the moment they wake up to until they pass out from complete exhaustion.
They're all firmly keistered up Chad's well accommodating asshole.
Unrelated, but how active is your mall? The one in my city is long dead. There's like one coffee shop that prevents it from getting bulldozed immediately.
Women aged 18-30 don't go outside unless it's with a pre-existing social group or to engage in hobbies. There's a tennis court across from my apartment and I see women playing all the time.
Pretty dead. There's only a few shops left in them and they're all filled with overpriced bullshit that you can find cheaper online.
Well, what does a person without a pre-existing social group do? I've tried to get old classmates to hang out with me, but they either don't respond or are busy.
This is my exact problem. I never even find women at the places i frequent. What the fuck else am i supposed to do? Approach and accost random women on the train, bus, street? I bet normies would give me that advice, lol. I tried going to bars too, but only old people and drunks go there. Or if there's an event in town, i'll go to it and realise i'm the only person under 30 who's there. (And don't tell me to get a hobby, i'm doing this precisely because there are no women at any hobby i've ever had)
Unironically, if you have to try, it is a sure sign that you are a fucking loser.
in the US, they are all at the bars and the mall. I went to a bar tonight for 30 minutes and met 3 new girls.
what does a person without a pre-existing social group do?
Don't have one. Don't know. Based on my observations of normie women during my uni years, they enjoy spending money at trendy food/drink places and generally just going shopping for things they don't need.
That's because most men and women have a lot of money. It's easy for me to go shopping every day normally with my girlfriend.
The majority of the country is living paycheck to paycheck and does not have the money for shit they don't need
OP here. I live in the US too. I have the opposite experience, the bars and mall are dead.
Not this country. We are generally considered the wealthiest country in the world. Every shopping center is usually packed unless it's really high end, it's one of the easiest ways to spend time and hang out.
In the US, malls are dead.
That's crazy. People are always at the bar after around 6pm. Does anyone in your state work a job?
New malls are being built every day because they can't keep up with the demand. I often see lines of 1-2 hours long at a nice Victorias Secret or Zara. The US is more than just detroit or baltimore, everybody moved to the best malls.
I go after 8 PM which is when I get off work, and they are either empty, or the people who are there aren't talking to each other.
They are usually filled up and I have to wait outside or make a reservation. It's hard as fuck to find space at a bar at 8pm but it's worth it.
Albany
Urban
bro you need to go to Atlanta or Nashville. Actual big cities have women.
It's not just women, but men too. I moved to a new city last year, and trying to meet people in my age group (23) is next to impossible. I've joined clubs, went to meetups at work, went to 3 different church groups, and no dice. I'm convinced everyone goes into hibernation once they graduate college and only emerge once they hit 30 and have 50 spare pounds around their waist.
It took me like 10 days when I moved to a new city to find a whole new friend group at 25. Make sure you stop looking online and actually go out.
Facts. Idk if it's just an American problem or not, but young people seemingly don't exist outside of uni campuses or sometimes in the workplace.
How did you type this if you can't read?
Albany Georgia has a BWW. Just go there and ask around what people do for fun. If you have to drive to a real city to meet people, then do that.
He is going out, that's the issue. He has the problem I do; no matter where we go or when we go there, we cant find anybody.
Why are you such an enormous fucking faggot? What are you trying to do here?
Why are you telling people who are obviously trying that they are wrong? Why is their experience less valid than yours? Just because you got lucky, doesn't mean everyone is.
Because I learned how to read. When someone says it's impossible to find people in they age group they mean online. You can sit in the parking lot of a grocery store and prove yourself wrong in around 45 minutes tops.
You mean Buffalo Wild Wings?
Grocery stores are not places designed for meeting people, and you're not allowed to loiter there.
Online is the only option these days because IRL social spaces are dead.
That's not a problem at all. You have to actually go outside to hang out with people. What region do you live in?
I DO GO OUTSIDE, THAT'S THE FUCKING PROBLEM.
There's nobody out there.
I didn't say meet people at grocery stores, I said you can easily prove that people in your age group exist and are not hibernating. They usually hang out at social spaces after work. Very few people have autism.
I have been to all of the local spaces after work. There is no one there.
Single women were going to home depot to meet cool guys.
Try going to target to meet women. I heard women love target.
There's nobody out there
Schizophrenia or AI post. I fucking wish that there was no more traffic or long lines at bars.
if you are the Albany guy there are literally thousands of pictures online that prove you completely wrong.
The nearest Home Depot is 8 miles away. The nearest target is 11 miles away.
Nobody there is socializing with anyone other than the people they came with. If you go alone, you remain alone because nobody wants to talk to you.
So? Become the creepy weirdo guy who accosts women in target until you are escorted out and banned for life for harassing customers. That will surely get you friends and a relationship! (lol)
nobody is there
actually i meant that there are thousands of people there, and i can read their minds magically
Another retard that never tried in his life. Why is it so easy to spot you guys?
You asked where they are and I told you. If it's too much trouble for you then that's your problem, not mine.
I have tried talking to them and they either turn me away or the conversation goes nowhere. I am trying, the problem isn't me, it's them.
if you are the albany guy there are tons of people who socialize. you can claim that they have the problem, but they are the ones with relationships so they're not likely to change for you, especially since you never go out. which bar are you a regular at?
I DO GO OUT.
God, will you morons fucking read? I go out, I socialize, but everywhere I go to is dead. The only place I see lots of people at is at my job.
which bar are you a regular at?
Lucky Break.
that's actually backwards. people stop working long before the nightlife goes dead in an aging town. if you are the Albany guy I know for a fact you never have gone out. you don't even know any fun bars.
If everywhere is dead who do you socialize with? The walls? Is this just an esl issue it's kind of funny watching you bounce back and forth.
This is clearly a troll, guys. Maybe even a glowie. Do not engage.
ok grandpa. maybe you can ask those old folks where their great great grandkids hang out, just as a first step.
If you haven't noticed, the albany guy is a troll too. Most of these are AI generated, hence the contradictions.
If everywhere is dead who do you socialize with?
My coworkers, the few people who are at the places I go to. I try to start conversations with people, but they either ignore me, the conversation is shallow and goes nowhere, or they try to scurry away like they're in a hurry to be somewhere or do something else.
I have to initiate because nobody talks to me otherwise.
How do you initiate a conversation if everywhere is dead?
Dead does not mean there's no one there. It means there's not as many people there as I expect there to be or they aren't as social as I'd expect.
Then these places aren't dead your social skills are. Stop asking where you need to go and ask how you make friends with the people around you.
not as many people there as I expect
Why do you treat people like shit?
Dead does literally mean there's no one or almost no one there. It has nothing to do with how willing they are to talk to you esl-kun.
They are dead, and there's nothing wrong with my social skills. Nobody has ever said anything negative about my social skills. I can socialize just fine.
The issue is every one else. I've had more interesting conversations with AI than I've had with most humans.
How many girlfriends have you had? Be honest.
I don't. Everyone who knows me says I'm one of the nicest people they've ever met.
It's not just me, they aren't talking to anybody.
Zero, because I was bullied in school and girls called me ugly. I was "friends" with a few, but no girl ever had any romantic interest in me.
I'm one of the nicest people they've ever met.
The issue is every one else. I've had more interesting conversations with AI than I've had with most humans.
AI generated posts. It's not hard to meet girls.
zero
You just proved yourself wrong. You arent trying to socialize yet.
THERE 
AREN'T
ANY
I can't find any anywhere I go.
Y'know what, fuck all of you insufferable cunts. You're not interested in giving any actual, you just repeat the same bullshit over and over again.
If they arent there then how are you treating them all like shit? Are you just ignoring everyone?
I try every fucking day. I do everything right and still get no results.
I hope you end up in a psych ward I'd love to be the doctor who gets to dissect your batshit egotistical line of reasoning.
The issue is not with me, it's with everyone else not wanting to socialize. I'm a very social person who gets along well with just about everyone. The issue is that I cannot find anyone to socialize with.
I do everything wrong and get 100% results. The problem is you dont go out enough. You sound like that dummy that goes to a shitty dive bar that has billiards.
Thats true. Youre just not a social person and you dont care enough to improve your social skills. Even I found a girlfriend and I have autism.
No shit hahaha this guy is online here 24/7 and just enters threads like this one to falseflag and bait you. It is thread sliding. You could have had a nice conversation but this guy has effectively hijacked the thread because you keep replying to him. Look at the past 50 posts. Your thread has been fucking murdered, eviscerated. Don't reply to any of his posts.
I go out all the fucking time, you insufferable troll.
lets have a nice conversation about how women dont go to bars
Youre better off making threads about how men get pregnant more often than women. You do know that men can be pregnant, right?
I am a social person. Always have been. The issue is that nobody reciprocates.
Name 1 real bar you go to and how many hours are you there on Friday nights? If you name that suburban billiards place like the other anon im going to laugh.
Where are all the girls?
instagram, tinder, insta, tiktok, worshiping men who look like pic related
worshipping e-celebs and chads
welcome to 2023, where hypergamy has inflated higher than the venezuelan currency!
tldr; unless your on social media and are charismatic, look good and are mentally healthy, its over!
Hypetgamy just means they are all married to rich men
It's a problem that has really accelerated in the past decade, at least in the US. Public spaces where adults can just socialize without being expected to spend a lot of money simply don't exist anymore past college.
Skate parks are free
COPE
hypergamy means they all fall in love and have sex with a small % of men. top 1%, top .1%
they sing songs about it too. "upgrade! you shouldnt settle! you go girl!", etc
they give their hearts to chad, to celebrities, to models, to tinderchads, to abuse chads, to sports players, to kpop chads
thats who they really love in their heart, and they dont need to go outside, because they have social media and access to men who are better than you
Hypergamy just means that women marry the richest men. Men don't understand love.
Skate parks
Skate parks stopped being cool before I was old enough to drive
That's why most people have a lot of money they can spend on party buses and yacht parties.
most people have a lot of money
What?
I'm in California, and I saw many girls outside today, with people and by themselves. It was a sunny day and I just walked around residential areas for a few hours. I have nothing to say to them though so I just don't bother them, it feels awkward even to walk by them so close.
men do understand love, and fall in love with females all the time
females however only fall in love with chad. theres are millions of girls who will carve chad's name into their thighs because they love him so unconditionally, yet most men do without sex
you dont know what its like, you worthless whore
i WISH, so much, i didnt understand love, and could live my life without love. i hate needing women so much. but men are biologically forced to be desperate for females, and fall in love easy
thats why men pay for onlyfans, tinder e-whores, strippers, prostitutes, etc. thats why men are such desperate simps. because they need females and fall in love easily
men, throughout history, had to compete with kings, rich men, caliphs, royals, invading armies, etc, all for pussy. the game is always rigged against you as males, and females just wait by the finish line
these days you have to compete with pic related and tinder chads and musicians
Unironically, if you have to try, it is a sure sign that you are a fucking loser.
don't think like that, even normies are having a hard time. 
It's strange how talking to women who did not meet you on tinder is now considered abnormal behaviour though.
This. It's absolutely fucked that the internet has become the default way to meet new people.
If you're a person like me, who prefers face to face interaction (I don't like even like talking on the phone), it's hell.
men do understand love
biggest cope i've ever heard on here.
internet is the way to meet "people" 1000 miles away. hobbies is how you meet people every day by default.
i wish you'd reincarnate as a ugly autistic manlet
i wish you'd reincarnate as a soldier forced to go to war, while you watch your wife get raped
i wish you experience pain in the perfect way to get your head out of your rotting roastie vagina
females dont even see non-chad men as humans
i hate god
I have been to the local hobby club. That's empty too. And hobbies aren't a reliable way to form any actual meaningful relationships because there's no guarantee they'll want anything to do with you outside of the hobby.
reincarnate
Are all men this stupid?
hobby club
What the hell is that? Do you mean country club? I meant you meet tons of people through actual hobbies. You'll meet like 5-10 people every day.
I have never met a single young woman in any of my hobbies.
That's usually a sign you don't go outside.
I do. There are none. All of the young women I meet are either in relationships or have kids.
They could have had kids with you if you went outside.
I DO GO OUTSIDE, YOU FUCKING MORON.
Read the fucking thread. I go outside all the time. The issue is that there's no one I can socialize with out there.
Your bedroom is not the "outside" I'm talking about. Spending time on the internet is the last thing you should be doing if you actually want to meet people.
I don't have a choice because every time I go somewhere to meet people, there are none.
you are a worthless human being, and i genuinely despise god for putting me on a planet with someone as disgusting and vile and repulsive and braindamaged as you are
Every time? You sure about that? Are you sure about that? It takes like 20 minutes to meet someon.
Which planet would you prefer, low IQ retard?
The non mysoginist answer is that it's damn near impossible to meet anyone these days. Events are mostly celebrated with people you already know and the internet and social media have given everyone anxiety. Everyone's self esteem is in the shitter because they're comparing themselves to models on insta and shit
In addition, as the rules of engagement have changed, people who grew up during the shift are left with no mental handbook on how to approach someone they're interested in. All examples of a man approaching a woman in media for the last thirty years have been either creeps who make the women hate them (Johnny Bravo, etc.) or passive dudes who just hang out near a woman until she inexplicably falls in love with him (New Spiderman movies, etc.) There are no examples of how to respectfully approach a woman with romantic intentions.
Meanwhile, women are not encouraged to approach either. Thus, no one approaches.
It truly does show how easy it is to learn social skills or unlearn them. It's interesting to see what happens with kids who don't spent all day at home.
Social skills are something you have to learn as a kid. If you don't, then the experience gap becomes too wide to ever be able to catch up.
That's pretty much true. Only like 0.001% of people have no social skills, so it's impossible for them to ever catch up or meet anyone else in their position.
IMO it's alienation and hyper individualisation that reduces the need to form human bonds with communities where you, you know, meet people.
Being an "incel" as it's commonly used isn't just not being able to have sex. You can always just go to a hooker if all you want is sex. No, what incels want is human connection, a bond, romance, a partner, someone who gives a shit about them and doesn't just seem them as a transaction.
But the world is changing ways that make that a rarer thing to have. Your small town lost its jobs and is too expensive to live in so you move to the city. City apartments are non-social places where people quietly enter and exit their rooms without so much as talking to their neighbours. If you want any sort of goods or services, you don't so much as have to leave the building if you don't want to because it can be delivered to you. The part of town you live in probably doesn't even have social clubs or public spaces and few people who live there are expected to stay for long, so you're shuttled away before becoming a figure there, off to rent somewhere else. All trends in fashion or culture are catered directly to you as a singular person surrounded by other singular people, so you're probably even less relatable in your interests than you would have been in the past. And by fuck do you not own anything or have much spending power. And NOTHING is free.
And this has been happening since you were a kid. You were raised more by tv and media than your actual overworked parents. You had lots more time to play alone than with other kids. You were badly socialised and didn't learn those skills as fast as older kids, so now you have some sort of autism.
The world shaped you into someone lonely and dissatisfied so it could make even more money off you. Hell, even going to a hooker would require SOME social skill, but a Fleshlite is 50 bucks and porn is free and you can maybe enjoy cooming for those few minutes.
I never had a chance to learn social skills because I was bullied and excluded from society at an early age. 
I would have been able to learn social skills if people let me socialize with them. This is not an uncommon thing. The amount of people who report having zero friends keep rising.
Why were you ignoring all those people if it's not an "uncommon" thing? Were you bullying them too?
I don't ignore anyone.
Those people are clearly lying then, they have many friends. I don't know anyone who could stay single for a long time.
Nobody will allow me to socialize with them. Everybody hates me, they always have.
girls sit at home all day unless chad calls them out
That's because you are the bottom 0.000001% of society.
I'm not. I'm a completely normal and kind person. No doctor has ever found anything wrong with me physically or mentally. The problem isn't me, it's the people around me. I don't have bad social skills, it's everyone else that does.
That's because you are ignoring and bullying them. They never had a chance to learn social skills because of you.
I have never ignored or bullied anyone.
Do you have any proof? How many girls have you dated?
Zero because none have ever been interested in me.
Zero
That's hilarious. Why do you ignore women?
I don't. They ignore me.
try church, ive met like all of my good friends from church, a lot of women there too
might take a few tries to find a decent one but you live in South Georgia so cant be that hard, most have college / youth groups which are good for socializing
They never ignored you. Have you tried going outside?
You are simultaneously accusing him of being a bully, a loser, ignoring people, but also threatening them. You are a mentally unwell man who has been entering threads like these non stop for the past 16 hours. Go to bed, take a shower. You smell like shit.
I said she was a bully who never gave anyone a chance.
I GO OUTSIDE EVERY FUCKING DAY.
Nobody talks to me. Nobody ever gives me a chance.
Where the fuck is everybody?
They're all fucking Chad at his Penthouse.
That's because you are the bottom 0.00001% of society and don't belong.
I'm not. I have medical proof that there is nothing wrong with me. I'm a completely normal person who just doesn't fit in.
Lol, i'm Catholic and i've been going to church my whole life. There are 0 young people here. There aren't even any youth groups because there are no young people. I've also been in the church choir for years, it's basically just me and a few old guys and grannies. Young people don't go to church. I'm european, though, so it might be different in america.
If you are normal then you can just hang out with your girlfriend. You don't need to meet that many people, your 10-15 friends are enough. Do you go outside?
I have no girlfriend. I have zero friends. I go outside all the time. There's no one there.
That's because you never gave them a chance. Why do you ignore women?
I don't ignore them.
one where you dont exist and i can get a qt gf that isn't someone's discarded whore
Instagram. Real life is just a place they can take pictures and make stories for their Instagram. If you cultivate social media and present yourself as an exciting, vivacious person there women will come to you. Yes it's extremely vapid, but the image you project is more real than reality in the current year.
Are you sure about that? You sure about that? How many girls have you dated before?
Zero because none have ever wanted to date me. I don't ignore them, they ignore me.
Your script is looping, bro. Might want to reset your bot.
They ignore you because you're the bottom 0.000001% of society, you aren't learning social skills fast enough.
I have social skills. I know how to talk to people, they just aren't interested.
Stop replying mate, you're only feeding a troll who will spend all day trying to make you feel like a subhuman over some imagined flaws.
You sure about that? How many girls have dated you so far?
Reset your bot.
none there
How is this even possible? Do you go to a lot of parties?
Parties are basically non-existent around here. It's been decades since I've seen anyone throw a party.
You can throw a party and you'll meet lots of girls.
1. I'd need a home big enough to party in.
2. I'd need enough money to fund the party.
3. I have nobody to invite even if I did have those things.
How would you have nobody to invite? Do you ever go out?
I go out all the time. I can't find anyone anywhere.
Then you know about many parties and meet lots of girls.
There are no parties, and there are no single and childless girls.
That's because men and women are all dating each other, except the ones who don't go out.
Except I go out all the time and I still can't find anyone to date.
Youll find them easily.
Coachella getting railed out by hasan with his 1100 dollar gucci shirt
I've been trying for years. There are none anywhere.
It takes minutes, not years.
the world is over, they killed the world
It doesn't matter how much time it takes to find people if there are no people.
Are you a person? Do you ever go outside?
You're not actually saying anything. You're just repeating the same bullshit over and over again.
There is a loneliness epidemic in this country because millions of people like me are suffering from the same problem; we want to socialize, make friends, and date, but we can't find anyone to do those things with.
You have millions of options? They should be easy to find. Have you tried going out?
Going out does nothing because there are no people out there. No matter how many times I go out, I fail to meet anyone.
That's because nobody is lonely. They all have parties and bars that they can be at.
There are no parties and the bars are empty.
Try going to a bar that is still in business. You'll meet tons of girls. Or a party.
I do go to bars that are in business. There are no single girls there.
There are no parties.
If they are empty, that means they are out of business. Try going to a bar that is in business, you'll meet tons of single girls.
By empty, I mean there's not enough people there to socialize with. Nobody talks to me when I go to a bar, and I don't get the results I'm looking for when I talk to them.
How many people does it normally require for you to socialize and start dating?
At least about 6-10 people my age. But I'm lucky to even find one person my age.
You'd have to go outside for that. The likelihood of finding someone your age increases.
I DO GO OUTSIDE.
There's nobody my age out there. All the girls my age are either already in relationships, or are single mothers.
Are you in a relationship? Or are you not your own age anymore?
No, I'm not in a relationship. If I was, I wouldn't be here asking where all the single girls are.
Does that mean you are still somehow single? Are you ignoring people?
Yes, I'm still single. No, I'm not ignoring people. They're ignoring me.
Why are they ignoring you? Do you often go to bars and parties to socialize?
I don't know why. Yes, I often go to bars. No, I don't go to parties because they don't exist around here, and if they do, I have no friends to invite me to them.
You can make friends if you go out on the weekends.
I DO. Even on weekends, this city is dead. What part of that do you not understand?
It's not that I'm not going out. It's that there's nobody around.
If its dead then how do you eat?
I go the grocery store and buy food, retard.
How are you allowed inside the grocery store if there is nobody there to sell you groceries?
"third spaces" in west society were killed off to depress white birth rates, you cant find many places other than work or school where you constantly have to spend money to be there
Stores are the only places where I can find lots of people. Social spaces where you aren't required to spend money are dead.
because then the nigger cattle might build local community and trust. cant have them organizing anything... sucj as resistance to ZOG
You are required to spend money to have internet so how did you get here? Are you still somehow single?
every small town in america 100 years ago had dance halls
everyone would dress up and go there on sundays
but not anymore.....
If you think there are no dance bars or community events with dancing in your town, you have to be the most retarded human on planet earth. Are you retarded by the way?
I paid for an internet subscription. I'm still single because there are no single women my age here.
comparing $50 a month UTILITY bill to excess consumption via triple digit bar tabs
ok retard
nice argument nigger faggot
Internet is excess. Socializing is pretty basic. Even my brother has a girlfriend. You just need to get outside the house.
I'm trying to make friends but my social anxiety fucks me up. Nowadays to make friends it feels like you gotta know someone because everyone stays insid ein there friend group
Youll meet lots of single women your age at age appropriate social events.
you need internet to find a job now you fucking dipshit. unless you wanna fill out a paper applocation amd get treated like some sort of fucking actual moron by companies.
The internet is a necessity for modern life. Even getting a job is next to impossible without internet access.
Socializing is easy, yes, but there's no one to socialize with that, that's the problem. Every girl my age is either in a relationship or has kids from a previous relationship.
If youre so dumb and unskilled that you are required to fill out an online application, you might as well go down to the unemployment center and use their internet for free.
How many of those girls are in a relationship with you? Have you ever tried?
i would be that dumb and unskilled if i decided internet was excess like you
Imagine if someone told you that there is a world outside your bedroom.
you are a fake person
Yes, I have tried.
You didnt answer the question. Does it bother you?
The answer is zero. It doesn't matter how hard I try, no woman is interested in me.
You might need to actually talk to women and go out and meet them first. Its interesting to be in a relationship.
I do. They're not interested in me.
You clearly do not.
I keep telling you that (childfree) single girls are hard to find here, and the ones I do find aren't interested in me.
You should tell that to all the girls you ignore.
I don't ignore any girls.
You are the biggest retard I've seen on this board all week
