Would you date a tranny with a snake tongue?
Consider the blowjobs.
She's a lesbian so I can't
No. No amount of psyops will have an effect on me. Sorry, jews
No I think cutting your tongue in half is really gross
Not really, no, trannies are really fucking gay, getting a blowjob from a faggot is less gay than getting a blowjob from a tranny.
how bpd insane do u have to be to cut your own tongue in half
I hate it when a cute tranny has that snake tongue shit.
Nah because trannies are insane
If you know how bad women are with their self confidence and body issues, trannies are 10x worse
Totally obsessed with how they look and cripplingly insecure about it
Just not worth the hassle desu
i dunno come to kick.com/leafy to find out!!
getting a blowjob from a faggot is less gay than getting a blowjob from a tranny
How? I think it'd be way gayer to get your dick sucked by some non-estrogenized man then to get your dick sucked by someone like in the OP webm. She has XY chromosomes but also nuked her endocrine system from a young age with female hormones.
I could buy that it's less straight than being with a regular XX girl but I would definitely rank it as way further from gay than being with a non-estrogenized gay man.
This is fuckin disgusting.
first reasonable transphobic take about dating ngl
Most people in general are psychotic nutballs.
It's better to be a hermit and avoid relationships unless they're transactional and temporary. Having said that I'd get a blowjob from snake tongue tranny if it was a one night stand.
she has XY chromosomes
anon, that is and will always be a man.
Anyway, trannies generally believe they're females and want others to believe that too, it's getting a blowjob from a man LARPing as a woman (and him believing he is a woman), vs getting a blowjob from a man
I already saw some latina bimbo do it but she had big tits and I consider her an animal anyways so one step away from a possessed reptilian npc but this one is just a confused boy lol very deceiving isn't it
