Is it the masturbation or the porn itself that fucks you up? If I'm a chronic fapper but I use my imagination am i okay
All sin is united for the paradise on Earth.
your probably better off but regular instant gratification will make you lazy no matter the source.
Porn addiction is a symptom. You don't fix it by putting down porn, you fix it by fixing the problem that's causing the addiction.
I'm saying that getting a gf is the way to fix porn addiction, because the lack of one is what's making you a porn addiction. If there's a lack of intimacy in your life, that's what you need to target, not porn.
neck yourself porn addict. porn does not come from nature.
Look at this seething dweeb with his piss yellow brain.
wow you really love your sugar huh you big baby
baby need his lil lollipop huh? grow up, eat some real fucking food
Wait. So if you're married and addicted to pussy, your brain turns into shit too? That can be seen as an "addiction" too
yeah being addicted to love or intimacy can be pretty destructive
all things in moderation
Addictions are usually bad because it creates chemical responses that damage you in the long run. That means anything can fuck up your dopamine receptors. That was the original reason No Fap was created and it's the best way to use it. The idea is you are just fasting and resetting your pleasure and motivation drives. The idea was never to abstain forever, simply to nurture your body out of potentially bad habits made. All this also applies to games, drugs or any other pleasure forming habit. 
So tldr: can you and have you gone two/three weeks without fapping? You're fine. Get the shakes after missing a day or too? Force a break on it until those urges pass.
This is pseudoscience. It's impossible to "fuck up" dopamine receptors.
porn addicts dont have an addiction, they have obsessive compulsive disorder
t. used to be a heroin addict
it's the addiction, not the porn nor the masturbation. the addiction itself.
I don't mind Being a porn addict desu. as long as I'm on time to work and everyone thinks I'm a functioning person no one needs to know
most annoying /pol/ larp yet, not a thing
Harder. Reality is a bitch.
Wow you indulging in something you like?!
Horrible!
Where is the weed brain.
nofap is a fucking meme and i fell for it, literally am just reinforcing my addiction.
You ever watch porn, feel the horniness, and then it goes away? That means you spent yourself, you exhausted yourself, your brain. 
You ever coom and feel like your brain is all foggy? you're forgetful? thinking nonsense? can't focus? wanna go to sleep? again, you spent yourself
They are both harmful. But if I were to choose, I would say cooming is way more harmful because it takes the body a shitton of energy to make new coom this is why you can edge for hours no problem, and then cum once and you're done for.
mfw nature gives me the ability to touch myself but it's not natural
it's pixels lol
there is none
It's the opposite for me. I feel much smarter, more aware and refreshed after jacking off..
