So apparently there's a lot of yanderes/yandere enjoyers of both genders on this board! Lets talk about our dreams and fantasies.
Are you a yandere, do you want to date a yandere, or do you want mutual obsession? 
Would you like to dominate, submit, switch or live in perfect harmony? 
Are you more into the control and restrictions aspect, the mental and physical abuse and violence aspect, or the obsession and emotional dependence? 
Are there any acts in particular that you fantasize about?
I simply wish to pretend to be a normal loving person to her while I am consumed by my jealousy and obsessions and try to sabotage relationships she might develop with other guys without her knowing
I cannot pretend, i'd get super-clingy, want to hug her all the time, spend all our time toghether, sniff and lick and touch her all the time and moan and purr like a cat from those blissful experiences
I want a yandere bf but I would want it to eventually turn into a mutually obsession. I am definitely more into the submissive aspects. I would want him to kidnap me and force himself on me after he can no longer resist even if I protest. I would want him to tell me how much he loves and adores me while raping me, I also picture myself unwillingly cumming and eventually after stuff like that keeps happening getting mind broken and falling in love with him. Im mostly into the emotional abuse and controlling aspects. I wouldnt want him to physically abuse me (besides minus the rape I guess) but if he had to harm anyone who came searching for me, that would be fine.
It's okay to have those desires! Do you want hardcore rape with beating, lots of violence, you trying to get away
or more soft raping where you're drugged or your hands are tied and you may not want it but you let him do it? I think the latter is better, best if you freeze in fear and say nothing. Then he can gaslight you into thinking you asked for it and enjoyed it. 
Would you want him to choose how you look? Change your lifestyle, worldview etc? 
Do you want to get abused because you feel unworthy of healthy love? I find that's often the case. Abuse "evens the scales" and makes it less likely he'll leave.
Definitely soft core rape. I would want him to comment on stuff like how wet I get and convince me my body cant lie and I really desire it and he is the only one who can make me feel this way, especially if he forces me to orgasm.
 Would you want him to choose how you look? Change your lifestyle, worldview etc? 
I would want him to love me for me and not really have anything change minus my world view possibly. But I think that would come after time regardless.
Honestly yea. Theres a lot of things I hate about myself so the idea of someone loving these flaws unconditionally is really appealing.
Wholesome. I bet he could brainwash you until you instinctively spread your legs and open your mouth for him whenever he initiates and think this is how normal relationships work.
Would you like to have kids with him? Men love to cum inside and you can't expect your rapist to wear a condom.
I want a yandere girl to be obsessed with me, to want me to dominate her every second of every day. I want to have a competition with her where we each try to wake up earlier than the other so we can go down on each other first.
Oh yea I would have his baby whether I wanted to or not. Im sure he would wanna get me pregnant multiple times and tell me how amazing I look with his baby inside of me.
I like the idea of a stalker yandere
She could be watching me and I will never know. She knows everything but does nothing with that information. She just watches
Ahh yes, nothing better than some morning sex. I'd love to wake up with the feeling of her pussy sliding onto my cock and her hands holding me by my wrists. But i'm a total switch.
I bet he'd get even more possesive of your body since it houses his child, and force you to stay at home and not exert yourself in any way so as to not endager your health. maybe tie you up a bit so your movement is limited and you have to stay and rest.
i'm too clingy for that. i'd approach her on my own and invite her to my apartment. 
I wonder how a yandere would react if her target reciprocated 100% and took the initiative?
I would like a yandere gf but only if she fit my standards(not fat virgin). If I was stalked by some non-virgin roastie that would be really annoying. Really the appeal of yandere to me is not the danger or the mental illness but the possesiveness. Knowing that someone loves you so much they are obsessed with you is great, but only if it's someone you are attracted to. I want to turn the tables on a yandere. They break into my house in the middle of the night trying to kidnap me or something but we just end up having lovey dovey babymaking sex.
Virgins are best ofc, but i wouldn't reject a perfect woman just because she's had some experiences. As long as those experiences tought her something. Like, she had a casual relationship and got cheated on, so now she wants to find a loser she can control and obsess over and get him addicted to her.
There is a saying
the darker the night, the brigher the stars.
I think it would feel good to be her stars. Make her shiver and cry whenever she even thinks about her past, being alone or being with other people.
Yeah me too, i want that mutual obsession where your love knows no boundaries and consent is not a question
I'm a yandere that is dating the love of my life . I truly cannot live without her to the point I want to die if I can't see her everyday. Seeing her liking other guys makes me sick to my stomach but I know she's obsessed with me and it makes me so happy everytime she says it with her pretty little mouth. We are both deeply obsessed with eachother and I'm more of a dominating person but I love getting beat up by her as well and show her how devoted I am to her with my pain.
I rape her every chance I get. She loves it.I just want to tie her up with duct tape and watch her struggle and whine as I use her pussy as much as I want I wanna see her sweat buckets and lick it all off her with my tongue.I want to drink her piss, take cute pictures of her during sex and fuck her next to my wall of pictures of her, to show how absolutely obsessed I am.
You're living the dream, man! Don't let her get away. Literally and figuratively. Start living toghether, maybe even working toghether. Don't let her see other men unless neccesary. Also, makes sure that you only cum inside her~
Thank you! We are actually planning on moving in together soonI just need to get a stable job to provide for her and we'll be together forever. I'm never letting her get away from me.
Imagine how great she'll look in a wedding gown, and white lingerie underneath~
I fantasize about our wedding day so much... You have no idea... She's gonna look like a goddess. I'm not gonna be able to resist her~
I dont know how much he would let me leave the house to begin with pregnant or not. I imagine it would be never until he completely mind breaks me and knows I will never leave him, even then I imagine he wouldnt want me to go out in public because the thought of another man even looking at me would drive him insane. Maybe a few outings would be allowed on occasion but somewhere secluded. Just enough for me to be outside and get greasy air once in a while.
You can go for long walks through forests and fields! If you try to run away, he'll have fun catching and punishing you. And in the city, he can make you wear high heels, stealthy shock collar, a gag under a mask etc. And keep walking with your arms interlocked. Going out is important for your health! 
if it is this bad, a niqab might be neccesary... but personally, i would be fine with men looking at my gf as long as she was fully, decently clothed, holding my hand and looking only at me. Let them be jealous.
I'd like a mix of both the dominance and submission aspects, honestly. I'm more of Dom leaning switch.
Just both totally control each other, from time scheduled and what we're able to eat. 100% devotion to each other.
I just want a girl who treasures me so much she is obsessed with me, and vice versa, like pic related
Same here, where are the yandere Brit grills????
Mikasa is too idealized for me, she's too perfect a human being, its unrealistic
Tell me about it. They're always in the US. I'd take a European gf since ldr isn't an issue as long as irl meets are the end goal.
Yeah I don't expect to meet anyone like her at all. I just feel disappointed that she's too good for humans, because if you think about it, she isn't that idealised either. She has quite a few big flaws, which I am fine with.
I'd do that too if the gf and I are reasonably close that we can visit each other often. But I guess one problem is that quite a few people here are neets. It's not quite sustainable for me to make trips that often yet because I'm only at the beginning stage of my career (belatedly) so I'd need someone who can visit me.
What are her flaws? I don't see any. I like that she's a bit violent and restricts Eren's freedom. And her body is out-of-this-world beautiful. I'd like her abs everyday.
The man I am currently courting mentions all the time to me how I am obsessed with him, I just want him to fall in love and give himself up to me
She can be very passive, she's quite a simp for Eren to the point I feel Eren doesn't deserve it, and can be too emotional to the point of recklessness as a result, and sometimes it feels she lacks a sense of self where everything just revolves around Eren. Like there are moments where she is shown to be quite funny and can connect with other people, but those are quite rare, just wish there were more of those.
God i want a woman to write me such messages! Don't let anyone tell you it's weird- any decent man will feel pride and joy at being cherished like that. What made you fall in love with him in particular? Do you have any concrete plans to conquer his heart when you meet?
Well, that's yandere for you.
She lived with him since they were kids, so she's become nothing more than his protector and soul mate.
But i agree she's too passive, should have just overpowered him and raped him.
The mutual obsession of this relationship dynamic is the biggest appeal. It'd be nice to have someone that's my own, but this is only nice if the interest is reciprocated. 
I'm a soft switch (is that the phrase), meaning I'd like to be dominant for most of the relationship and rape her over and over from how psychotically obsessed I am with her, but some changes of pace would be welcomed. I don't want to always be the one imposing myself on her, it'd be nice to "feel her there" as well, be it her force kissing me or initiating getting handsy. In a way, her being out-of-place dominant would be her regaining some power that she felt she lost after I claimed her, and I would let her do what she wants to me out of adoration (but also so she feels fulfilled). Though, for the most part, raping her and then making fun of her for liking it (her liking it being crucial to the fantasy) is the base fetish
I don't really have any interest in being territorial, and physically harming someone if the girl I love is lacking in autonomy and at a constant threat of being stolen by someone else isn't appealing. Now, if it's an unwanted advancement on her, then I would clearly [redacted] him, but I don't want to have to compete or "win" love. I'd like for us to be left alone together. I don't quite see the point of a relationship if you're not emotionally interdepedent, let alone waning in attention for each other by the day that you need some faux-social drama to revitalize the relationship. 
Acclimating her to my touch so that she trusts me is probably what I think of the most. Also kissing her entire body and making fun of the noises she makes.
What would you do if you woke up with her mounting you and puting your dick inside her? Or you're watching a good movie, but you hear her take off her pants. she grabs your head and tries to push you down on your knees. Would you be fine with that? Also, what of the pregnancies that result from rape?
I can afford to. My distance range is as long as it's in Europe preferably western Europe but it's not a deal breaker. I'd be happy to visit them first but they have to be willing to visit me too as well.
Blocking the names out doesn't make it okay.
What would you do if you woke up with her mounting you and puting your dick inside her?
I would pretend to be asleep, keeping perfectly still. I can last quite awhile from edging for so long.
When she gets close, I get her off me and then make fun of her sexual frustration. I'd then agree to let her cum, only to then deny her again and make fun of her for being such a slut. She wouldn't get to cum until she gets shakingly agitated and angry, (at which point I wouldn't let her cum again).
Or you're watching a good movie, but you hear her take off her pants. she grabs your head and tries to push you down on your knees
I imagine if we were watching a movie we'd be sitting down. I struggle with understanding the mechanics of how she'd push me to my knees. But I find eating her out while standing, or her wanting me to please her to be very alluring.
Oh no, again? My, my. Another to the family!
Hope your gf is weak and submissive, otherwise she might try to pin you down and fuck you whether you like it or not!
I love the idea of a girl being extremely enamored with you to the point where she's willing to kill others just to be with you.
I'd be willing to be whatever she wanted in bed, and I'm just into the obsession and emotional dependence more than anything. I love Monika, and in MAS she gets a panic attack when you don't visit her for a day and takes her own life if you say you'll stop visiting her completely. She also says that she wants to go skinny dipping with you in a secluded lake and go camping on quiet mountaintops, she's into things that involve quiet seclusion as long as it's with the one she loves.
Yeah I guess. It's not like I really mind it that much, but I want her to be able to have a healthy life too where I'm not the only thing in her life, because the world is big, so she should have some other interests (not other men). I just wish her well. :p
I have to play her game one day, i hear tons of praise for this yandere, but i also heard you have to delete her to end the game, and i don't want that! I want passionate baby-making sex everyday, kisses every hour, cuddling all the time!
This is absolutely perfect. Owning a secluded woodland cabin near a serene lake. Where noone will hear you scream and there is nowhere to run to, you are each other's whole world...
You want to not be the only thing in her life? Then give her a child. Or a couple.
Yup, and I think I will encourage her to engage more with her hobbies too, especially by doing them with her.
but i also heard you have to delete her to end the game, and i don't want that!
That's why I play Monika After Story every day, it's a sort of alternate happy end where you live with her and discuss all sorts of things and encourage each other.
She does exhibit many domination tendencies, but I suppose that's the norm with most yandere girls, they know what they want and they won't stop in being relentless.
That would just end up being comical. To dom someone so keen on wanting to dom you (which is adorable), but never quite being able to is its own charm.
Does she even have hobbies? 
Oh, i don't want to get pegged or other such degeneracy, i do want some bondage for fun, but what i want most is for her to get lost in lust and passion and get a bit too rough during sex, like riding me even after i cummed or biting my neck a lot or kissing me until i run out of breath. >>73051857
One day she'll get you drunk and have her way! I love the idea of struggling while making love. Ending a love session tired and bruised.
She likes knitting I think, although that's probably because of her culture. You don't really see their off duty lives being portrayed so I can't tell if they might have other hobbies.
Didn't she want to run away with Eren and acompany him in his last years in some secluded cabin? Wasn't there an alt-reality where that happened? i read/watched AoT so many years ago...
Didn't she want to run away with Eren and acompany him in his last years in some secluded cabin?
Yes and she's always wanted to just live in some secluded place with Eren, which is why I like her a lot cuz where would you even find a girl like that?
It's near the ending, yeah, an alt-reality made by Eren.
That wouldn't be so bad, I wouldn't mind.
Every self proclaimed "yandere" girl ive met just obsesses over some chad or chadlite that they cant have
whyd you have to give me new fantasies anon im suffering here
do you have discord? would you be down to chat?
I wish I knew a cute yandere. All the other girls I've ever talked to have been rude and ghosted me or done something similarly hurtful, it would be nice to know that someone can like me so intensely, and have someone I can give myself without holding back.
It's because he was always so sweet and caring towards me throughout the years, he listens, he doesn't make fun of me or judge me for the stuff I am into, he's very fun and nice to talk to, another really important thing is he gives in to all my kinks, I've never met someone who was ok hurting me and degrading me, he insults me when I ask him to, maybe I can get him to actually rape me, I wish I didn't love him so that could really happen.
Um... And aside for that, we are both into uni, different fields, but our ages are very similar.
Sorry for the late reply, I took a nap ^^"
I'm currently fixated to an avatarfag on this board. Talking to someone else would feel like cheating (though unreciprocated) in my head. Sorry.
Mutual obsession or no deal, desu. If hes not as obsessed as I am or more, I dont want him
Damn, he really conquered you with kindness! Hope fuel. 
I've never met someone who was ok hurting me and degrading me, he insults me when I ask him to
T-that's hard though! I'm a yandere myself, i don't think i could insult and degrade the object of my obsession. How does he do it? And hurt- i assue you have a LDR, does he tell you how to hurt yourself? Or does he travel to you, abuse you a lot, then leave?
Based and based pic,
I'm stealing that expression
have you ever felt such a desire? 
I assume you want total harmony. The sort of relationship where your desires, values, even libidos become perfectly in line and you don't even see each other as separate individuals, but rather one unit in two bodies.
Mhm! I can't stress it enough, looks matter and all, but no girl wants to be with a cunt, you also gotta have a good personality on the side, looks alone will maybe get you a one night stand, in order to have an actual relationship you have to bring something more to the table.
You gotta have hope Anon! One day you too will find the person you deserve to be with. 
How does he do it?
I tell him it'll make me love him soooooo much, he was hesitant at first, but we did a lot of videochat, and he learned to accept it after seeing how flushed it'd make me, now I can get him to call me a whore so nonchalantly when we do vc.
This will be the first time we meet up, he's such a sweet little boy, he doesn't order me to hurt myself, I do it on my own volition, once I cut myself and collected blood so I could write his name with it and show him.
he learned to accept it after seeing how flushed it'd make me, now I can get him to call me a whore so nonchalantly when we do vc.
You corrupted his innocent heart... you know, that probably somewhat justifies his degradation and insults. 
Does it leave scars? Is he okay with damaging his property? That's why choking, slaps, hair-grabbing and electric shocks are better.
If i were you, i'd buy a remote-control shock collar.
The "emotional dependence" stuff is what dream relationships are made of imo. It's my dream to date and eventually marry a girl with whom I can mentally and emotionally connect our lives with, to essentially become one mentally.
It's cringe ik, but a man can dream
There's nothing cringy about it Anon, a lot of people strive towards a relationship where the other person can fully understand them mentally.
I want my dog lover waifu to treat me like one of her dogs. I want her to hit me in the face to punish me for wanting to smell her smelly bits, which is all the time. It reminds me of my childhood.
Why isn't there a site for obsessive lovers to find similar-minded people?
I think i know her, but she's yandere for chainsaw devil
I doubt you know her. What are her initials?
I wouldn't be a fit for her as she wants someone more successful and I'm kind of a fuckup despite being an electrical engineer.
I want her to abuse me so bad, god damnit.
Oh, sorry, i thought you meant 2D waifu, pic rel is a famous dog lover girl and the MC asks her to become her dog
I made a thread about my standards recently and I think there's no other way for my future wife other than either being a yandere or an asocial girl that's getting the yandere treatment from me. I want someone fully inexperienced so that I'm the only one they ever think of romantically in their life while also being somewhat close to as attractive as me and those two are the only options that I see.
Sorry, Senjougahara belongs to me.
You can have that angel as long as I can find any other girl that fits my criteria of being attractive + fully inexperienced.
Maybe, but it seems like relationships these days are a bit less than that. Or maybe it's just me, who knows
For me, I just used to want an Akari gf. I don't have any romantic fantasies anymore though, too blackpilled. You either have loveable genes or you don't. Also, yandere seems too much, I'd hate that shit
I was joking, i'm happy to meet a fellow crab enjoyer. their relationship was almost perfect, though i dislike that she implied she's fine with getting cucked near the end. I liked that they actually uplifted one another.
Yeah having someone care for you or thinkig people can feel attachment and devotion is a nice fantasy
These threads are such bollocks. Unless you try to actually meet a yandere partner you're just wasting your fucking time.
This will never have the same energy as the original yandere generals.
Fuck off and die!!!!!
instead of complaining, make something better.
it helps us know what the other side wants.
...Talking to other people and socializing is just wasting time?
I use this place as an outlet to explain myself in as clear and concise of a manner as possible. This includes going in depth about what I'm into. Wordcels like you will never understand.
Why don't you "whinge on about it yeh?"
