I'm waiting for you to pleaze speak to me so that everything can be okay ;_;
Why do people say you edated a 12 year old and had sex with a 15 year old when you were 29, Limes?
Because they're liars and evil
It seems like a very specific lie. Who was Erica?
Erica is a girl I dated over 10 years ago why the fuck does that matter at all go away
Idiots who keep making up lies about me are very annoying. I just want happiness... I miss mae and I miss being happy
It's annoying even that Erica also stopped being my friend a few years ago because people said we had sex and she thought that I was the one telling people we had sex I don't even know why these people harrass me and impersonated me
What age was Erica when you dated, Mr Limes?
Why would it matter at all I don't even remember something from 10 years ago with someone who doesn't matter
So you were nearly thirty and you "don't remember" what age your girlfriend was. That isn't suspicious at all. Were there any other girls you dated whose ages you "forget"?
I am literally 30 right now go away retard
So you were 20 when you dated the child?
The way youre positioned toward the camera is like "im harmless and chill" but your eyes look dark and creepy. Also you have weird pedophile lips.
You're just weird and I've never done anything wrong in my life I am only trying to get my happiness back so I can Care and love her again the worst I've ever done is miss court for a traffic ticket. Please stop harassing me I'm tired I'm tired of crying every day
I have no idea who you are faggot I just seen your pic and you look weird.
I want to see her smile again
I want to see her smiling while she cheats on you again.
She won't want to ever do that next time I see her
lol she on tinder right now buddy
getting BLACKED again
I'm 100% sure she still thinks about me and is just scared to talk. I miss her so much. We would have been married rn and celebrating and in our own house doing everything together cooking and playing vidya and cuddling and everything would be s9 nice the way it was supposed to be. The wasn't any reason to what she did and now her entire online presence has disappeared from existence I hope I'll see her soon
I vibe with this pedophile.
You need money to go see your teenage daughterwife, bro? I don't have a lot but I can help.
Is it true that Erica broke your phone? Also sorry about Mae, although I don't know the lore between you two, I stopped keeping up with things like that after a while
I'm not a pedophile I'm just cursed by this cruel world to be tortured, I want my gf back 
And yes Erica 10 years ago threw my phone into a brick wall because a friend kept messaging me and she thought I was cheating on her which is dumb because I couldn't cheat on anyone I would never do such a thing and could never hurt someone I love like that
