There is this one girl co-worker I like and all my male co-workers think she is ugly (butterface actually) but I think she is beautiful body and face wise, she just has some striking features and I also think its kinda just her race but I don't think they're bad at all and like I said I truly think she is pretty. Am I just retarded or is beauty really subjective?
Beauty is universal and it's hardwired into your reptile brain. It's only "subjective" if you are trying to pick out already attractive people that just have different distinct features.
no.
male beauty is height (90%) and face (10%) as per all evidence that exists.
female beauty is holistic but still objective. men look at the whole picture and each man can fall in love with a different 90% of women, whereas all women can only fall in love with the same 10% of men. again, all evidence that exists shows this.
Partially
What about beauty is subjective and what is objective?
The part that is subjective is none of it and the part that is objective is all of it.
I'm assuming you're salivating at the jaws to go into some incel shit here
I am sneeding feeding farting and shitting into your open dishonest retard turdwhore mouth. Seethe cope mald and touch grass.
Correct.
I'm not a faggot who ignores reality like you and OP. If you're ugly then you're ugly. That's how evolution designed life.
Post her pics and we'll judge
According to r9k if she isn't a 'qt azn' or a pale Aryan blonde with blue eyes then she'll be ugly apparently.
Is beauty subjective? 
No
beauty is subjective don't let the internet and others around you poison your brain. often times men especially will go after women they don't find attractive but they know they're the beauty standard and will get them social currency points so they're content
also not to mention with the increase of photoshop and filters, beauty standards have become utterly warped and stupid. if you find her attractive go for it and be happy anon
It is a mix of subjective and objective.Objective beauty nowadays is some tiktok bimbo. Subjective can be anything: people are into fat girls, short girls, tall girls, skinny girls, tomboys, etc. Hell people on r9k literally simp after landwhale femcels so what does that tell you?
Beauty is extremely subjective. Niggers and soldiers always like the ugly (and fat) white chicks, arabs like dark haired white preteens, and im into skinny Aryan women.
not really, I'm 5'8, have a symmetrical hegemonically attractive face and I consistently mog my taller co workers and friends everytime we go out
its quite the opposite mate, face is almost all that matters
source: ~100 sexual partners picked up without using apps
This poster is a psychopath that like to cut open women to look at her guts and have s*x with her organs.
Do not reply to him
