no russia or iranian ever told me to "go die incel". im not supporting any war against those people. sorry ho.
You VILL die for Israel
You VILL die for Taiwan
You VILL die for Ukrain
And you VILL be happy
You couldn't support anything if you wanted to. I promise you not even our enemies want the incel demographic on their side.
That's because you haven't actually conveyed how pathetic you are to them. Learn Russian and post about your life on a Russian imageboard and see how they treat you.
bro incels are the ones ruling those countries and getting all the girls. that's why globohomo hates them
incels
getting all the girls
Anon...
incel is a genetic state. it has nothing to do with how much you get laid. you could have sex with 100 women and still "look like an incel (genetic)" to brainwashed americanized globohomo normies.
I am insane and have no idea what words mean. Would like to have a conversation, fellow incels?
Russki here, I don't want amerikans here(country), thank you.
Also incel means involuntary celibate, you can't be celibate and have sex, those literally go against each other. In any case, do NOT come to our imageboards like >>73058432 suggested, tourists are annoying.
once again no thats not what incel means. incel = bad genes. it has nothing to do with your actual actions.
But doesn't it stand for "Involuntary Celibate"?
If you don't like immigrants then you should go move somewhere and be an immigrant. I am very smart.
It literally does anon, definitions don't change on your say so. Just say "bad genes" or ugly people. How would it change your point to use correct semantics?
I'm the russki anon; I still hate tourists.
I don't care because they're still subhuman also have you considered how much sex you could get while occupying those nations?
Has faggots and niggers and feminists in his country
Calls us subhuman
Anon, I have something I should probably tell you
self proclaimed saviors of traditional Christian values
4 times higher aids rate than globohomo US
You and me both anon.
Truce?
Okay. Why would that make me want to take part in the invasion of their country as a hated occupier?
II didn't say it would. I just warned you that Russians are even less forgiving of losers than Americans are, and you're delusional if you think otherwise.
