Why is India such a hotspot for rape? Like all jokes aside, why are the men there so fucking creepy and perverted?
I always see pajeets on Instagram talking about how slutty white women are and how much they want Pajeet dick and that they literally visit India for sex
Lmfao no woman wants to fuck pajeets
Does anyone know how many rapes occur in India? The official stats say there are fewer rapes in India than America despite the latter having a smaller population. Now of course large swaths have rural India have essentially no government presence so obviously a lot is going unreported, but still.
india's legal, civil and educational framework is built around secular Western liberal values cribbed from the British. however almost nobody in India actually ascribes to those values. it's also the cause behind sectarian intercommunal violence of the kind that doesn't even happen in Pakistan, because they ditched the kind of strict secular constitutionalism that simply doesn't work outside of the west
Lets say that the presence of rape in the country is the same in all zones (this would still underreport since the places that report their crimes are the cities), take the city with the most rape cases, twke the number of people in that city / by the crimes. Now use that fraction to see roughly how much crime occurs.
Its not a perfect method, but its the one that should come closest to the right answer
peak incel 
Simple as
ah, brilliant methodology. i have successfully proven that your nice suburban neighborhood has as much crime as the south side of chicago
That is bloody buddy pajet he likes do silly dances believe it or not he is a real ladies men his profil is full off hastachs 
Off ladies sending him #MeToo kek
White femanon here. I just love Indians so much, I sometimes call tech support just to schlick myself to their sexy accents.
when the average white woman looks like this, it's no wonder. you white guys should cover your women under burkas or else we will rape them.
You have never been to the parties in Goa.
Slavs and Israelis aren't white.
Yeah nah, cope harder anon.
Is this a bot? Slavs cant afford travel and Israelis are all racist, nazi fetishists. Its rich European girls and American hippie kids who holiday in India.
Fucking based
desuyooo
Because the hotspot in India is free and unlimited
They're ugly. It doesn't matter what they do. They'll always be creepy and perverted automatically, even if they act nice.
Excuse me?
Shit they fuck dogs and You Muslims and pajets goat's and cows its almost a match made in heaven
Nahh, I'm just kidding.
(Picrel)
Ahh, damn.
I meant this pic, sorry.
Snowies are fine, don't worry.
:3
xoxo
largest population in the world (has officially surpassed China) 
It's because of rapes and arranged marriages.
This is entirely because of beaners, but /pol/ doesn't want to shit on them.
