Homosexual cowboy edition 
last thread: >>73034351 
Sex with cowboys (sex). Kill femboys on sight
Whyyyy
No fair! No fair! No fair!
i'm too cowboy for this shit
toughen up the femboys and make them into hot cowboys. You can fuck them throughout.
Ahh 2007
The year the iPhone was released, and millions of normalfags started posting regularly online
Based
You can be a kitty, but you've got to be at least a little bit manly
i know this post is directed at me but i cannot tell for the life of me who this is or how you would have figured out i go on these threads
It's partially because I'm also like that. Bonus if you're uncut because I'm not.
What things are manly?
I do think I be
A bit at least
Basically, are you more of an average-ish dude, or a "femboy"?
pic is an affront to aesthetics
Here, have a silly little ghoul boy doing silly little things
this is both my mental illness and fetish.
im pathologically obsessed with making fem guys not submissive and more manly to the degree it weighs on me (because its a fools errand)
and i also cum to it
unfortunately the rabbi gave me the snip
I didn't even get a choice, not for religious reasons (raised christian), but apparently it was just normal at the time. I'm still bitter but have mostly accepted it by now.
Because you are a weakling *shoots you*
Holy basado
Im both?
I do try to fit femboy looks and like plushies and stufff
But
Im not really all that fem personality wise, i like gym, sports, Guns, cars
Id say im a fembro
You guys are ugly fags who couldnt fit into normal gay society .. you are out casts to out casts . Must feel bad doesnt it u fucking faggots . Maybe you should kys
Femboy looks are a huge turnoff, be average or masculine. Yes it is possible as a robot.
Nah im pretty handsome desu. I've seen other cunts here too and they are definitely not ugly
stupid troll
Woe! Twink be upon ye
be slightly above average attractive
cripplingly unable to navigate social situations which don't have a script without fucking it up
don't like anal sex
fat but losing weight (only got a bit to go before I'm at a weight where I'm not skinny, but I'm not at a health risk either). 
It's over for me, isn't it?
fat
slightly above average attractive
doubt
Hmmm
You think I could?
I don't really be all that fem but yeah i don't like the whole big muscles, heard and so on
Not even manly haircuts
Soooo
This me, not pretty but eh
Plushie anon was the cum demon..... It's fucking joever
Cum demon ?
What ?
doubt
I'm 6' and 248lbs, apparently I'm 6/10 which is slightly above average.
You just look like a generic twink, so, that helps I guess. 
I don't like beard
welp, you won't like me then.
i am ugly as sin and my penis is small, but my mom says i'm a catch
Thats straight up obese
Your mommy loves you based.
Doctor says I just need to lose about 30lbs and I'll be fine.
You'll be overweight rather than obese if you do that. I'm not even some catty anorexic twink trying to tear you down like the other guy probably is, but your doctor is actually lying to you.
if youre a bottom the cock thing is fine, but i guess along with ugly thats unfortunate
wise anon what is ur wisdom
I'm not even some catty anorexic twink trying to tear you down like the other guy probably is
Height/waist ratio is more accurate than BMI anon.
catty anorexic twink
damn bro.....
there are no wise men
Just a friendly PSA: It's super transphobic to not go down on a trans man'! So all us gay anons need to learn how to eat pussy the next time we meet up with that cute femboy on grindr, because we never know what might be between his thighs....;)
it's okay i be coolin
i imagine it works well on lesbians also
shut up and suck my feminine pp u bigot
maybe but not really, at that size its easy to fluctuate between 230-250 its not to the point of being really fat the way we think of it i think. he can get thin pretty easy pretty fast if he tried (as opposed to being obese in a helplessly far gone way where he would have loose skin after)
i'm okay with being transphobic if it means i don't have to have sex with a hairy woman
I meant i i don't like having one
Don't mind if other people does
i would rather coat my inner nostrils with sucralose than eat a pussy again
should have went with aspartame
Thanks nony
Yeah, i hope i can be better than average someday but eh
Guess im a cum demon if anything
Hahahah
Oi nony
What's that mean?
Made me laugh
That's why I'm trying to lose weight slowly so I minimize the risk of having loose skin. 
Oh, well that's different then
you will shove dead things into your mouth every day or i will kill you
you will push disgusting smelling dirt out of your anus every day or i will kill you
you will pour recycled pee into your mouth every day or i will kill you
you will almost immediately eject the water you just drank every day or i will kill you
you will not spend too much time in sunlight or i will kill you
you will not breathe in the addictive plant i created or i will kill you
you will not breathe near a sick person or i will kill you
you will be lucky giving birth or i will kill you
you will not fall down in the wrong way or i will kill you
btw you also will just die anyways and i'll torture you by making your body and mind slowly break
christians: omg god designed us so perfectly he is so benevolent
Oh
Were you the Chubby anon from the other thread? Borderline obese and overwheigt?
not to sound too shilly but i can understand why a "straight" guy might be into a trans woman, if there's enough surgery involved it's just run of the mill butt stuff. same with a lesbian woman i guess, it's more convenient. that being said i do not know how trans men are in any sort of happy state in life. straight women i feel like might settle but it's a bit weird, but gay men? i don't know why any genuinely gay man would ever be into a transman. i feel like the dick is extremely integral to the relationship for gay men, even if you're a top and the tranny in this hypothetical would be the bottom
With trans people is always all about bi people
Were you the Chubby anon from the other thread? Borderline obese and overweight?
Yeah. If I lose it quickly I have the chance of having loose skin. If I fit into 36" waist pants, I won't have any health risks. Plus I have a chest bone deformity so if I was the "ideal" weight I would look like a concentration camp inmate. 
You put a lot of effort into this are you okay?
Death to pinkpillers
Nony, cum demon is pink pilled
Chill
Already screwed
No there's a dude who comes in threads like these to make people trans or traps. They're not welcome.
Huh, c'est deformity, that's odd, and lose skin isn't that bad, i think it goes away after a bit?
But yeah, you should make a bit more physical activity, as long as it isn't a health risk
kinda. i don't think i'd consider a man bisexual if the only other men he sleeps with are transmen that haven't put any effort into their appearance (aka still a woman)
im not a pinkpiller but at the same time i think if you fall for the pink pill you were already some flavor of tranny to begin with, like i don't think it's real that you can be psyoped into it.
Oooh
Haven't seen them but ill shou them if I do
How's u nony?
A few sentences is a lot of effort? I imagine if you had to write a thesis you would die.
Yeah I've been trying to go on long walks more but I was really sick for a few days, maybe some light lifting and stuff. Using protein shakes as snacks helps.
I don't think trans people who don't put effort into their appearance should be called trans...
But anyhow, most trans people, ftm or mtf are mostly gunning for bi people because it's easier to deal than straight or gay
i forget you guys are all like 18 (allegedly) so your ideal guy is a twig like you, and not like an actual man lol
If you had to write a thesis
I could but that's blogposting
People who eat protein shakes are legitimately mentally disabled.
humans are so badly designed, dunno how christians cope
Why Christians in particular?
because their bible preaches intelligent design
but an intelligent maker wouldn't make us so poorly
you guys are all like 18
TFW almost 30
Uuuuh
I don't think you should use those as snacks, ai knew they pack lots of sugar and carbs too
You could try using fruits, not overly sweet ones, or maybe tart ones with plenty fiber
People who eat protein shakes are legitimately mentally disabled.
My man where the fuck do you think you are?
from what i've gathered i think that transmen have it easier appearance wise. testosterone is really strong and pretty quickly can make a girl look like a guy. but sexually it's probably twice as hard since i think dick really matters to people who are into guys that look like guys. on the other side i think that while trans women have the hardest time actually looking like women, there's people who would happily fuck them at any stage of their transition
Mine is pic rel>>73059397
ew that's not a snack, unironically just starve. not in like a gross anorexic way, but track your calories and just eat at a deficit really slowly. i lost like 20 pounds in like 2 months from it alone
That's why I say bi people is more their thing
They are less likely to mind the no dick bit, even bicurious guys or "not gay", and they will also ignore the Lack of fem into trans women, that's sex
But a relationship, no luck
I don't think either have it easy getting one, i took the pinkpill myself, pic up on thread, people really just dislikes me
What keeps you here Anony? Assuming you're not storyanon that is
I knew they pack lots of sugar and carbs too 
Here's the kind I use for snacks rn: https://us.myprotein.com/sports-nutrition/impact-whey-protein/10852500.html
Calories 100
Calories from Fat 15
Total Fat 1 g
Total Carbohydrate 3 g
Sugars 1 g
Protein 19 g 
Serving size is 25g
I'm a serious homebody and unlike /tttt/ not everyone here is fully retarded and thinks sex is the answer to everything.
I firmly believe that gay death isn't real, you don't suddenly age up 30 years at 25. It's just a matter of aesthetics shifting, that being said I do think specifically femboys have a very very very explicit expiration date, even with hormones.
im not a pinkpiller but at the same time i think if you fall for the pink pill you were already some flavor of tranny to begin with, like i don't think it's real that you can be psyoped into it.
just depends what you believe when you say psyop.
the penultimate claim behind all troons is a alienation from birth gender. which is something that can happen a lot of ways. it can certainly be groomed. but even still, boys need to have an archetypically sound understanding of masculinity and how they fit into it- which usually happens through the father or society. detachment from either or both creates a vacuum eagerly filled by pinkpillers. its that simple
the psyop isnt always directly executed and like most mental illnesses is simply a shitstorm but is nontheless not a path they woudlve walked had they been born in a different era or had they not experienced any such alienation like if any troon had a good relationship to their parents and more importantly themselves
not everyone here is fully retarded and thinks sex is the answer to everything.
It depends on the time of day, heh. But I think that most people here are fully retarded though, it's very rare that you get a coherent conversation. I guess when I asked what kept you here, is that I kind of figured after a point you just sort of outgrow the site, that most people kind of just get a BF or decide to focus on something else after 25ish (unrelated to the gay death number but an interesting correlation). I think the oldest I've seen other anons here never go past 30, which is why I've come to this conclusion.
And what date is that?
Gay death isn't real unless you're "gay alive" (lots of unprotected sex with strangers, hard drugs like meth or coke, mixing the two together, sex at glory holes or something like that). Getting older is normal and to say that guys stop being attractive at 25 is dumb.
peak pseud, this is why nobody takes you seriously
i don't think it's a psyop because i guess pinkpilling also depends on definition, but the conclusion is kind of the same. if you're convinced you're a tranny (and DIY hrt) because you're sad about stuff and it gets turned into a dysphoria thing i can see why that would be called a psyop, but there's way more factors there that shift the blame into other things. i think that if you start taking hrt because you desperately want to retain a certain image and don't want to "age into an old man", you're probably actually a tranny. that's not really a normal thought people have, it's okay to not want to be old but i think that if your solution is to take body altering chemicals that actively feminize you, then it's a deeper thing.
NTA but if you're dumb you don't get to call people pseuds
if you're dumb
no basis to say this.
Well just based on how your posts read like your typical 4chan shitpost with the keywords replaced.
peak x, this is why nobody takes you seriously
no basis to say this
so true what a great observation
God made me and that's pretty cool in my book
fear not, there are dozens of 30s boomers on this board
after all, we're here forever
yeah sounds about right
Did anony ever get his Arizona green tea?
Why not just make your own cold brew tea?
tfw didn't order my pizza tonight because I had some buns about to go bad so I had frozen chicken patties instead.
tfw now I'm eating 2am hot dogs because I'm starving and have nothing else to eat.
tfw now I'm eating 2am hot dogs because I'm starving and have nothing else to eat.
king shit
he actually got shot by the neighborhood watch
TFW I make a typo on my post
I passed by the airport and saw a fat airplane overhead. It even had livery on the bottom, Emirates.
Tfw no feeder bf who'll free me from being underweight :(((
I like cooking, but need to lose weight, so yeah... hi.
Whats on the menu for tonight anon huh
i really like the idea of having a little twink bf eating machine to get pizzas and watch movies with and cuddle. the idea of meeting all the requirements of food sexual and emotional needs all at once. its incredibly satisfying but i dont like the gainer aspect at all and kind of think its immoral 
i got rock hard typing this and i did not know i liked it that much desu 
you guys really have a hard time keeping things afloat even when it's two of you
tonight's special is, uh
flips through notes twice
tendies and garlic pea shoots (reheated)
apologies
how gay is it though? i always worry about my voice because i have been socially conditioned in the presence of people to talk like a retard and im pretty sure im too deadpan to have a gayboy voice since its like a 8/10 deep, but the mannerism in public are kinda faggy for my taste
Sorry for the late reply, but I could long pasta noodles with cheese sauce, there's some mango sorbet left over if you want that for dessert.
im drinking it right now :)
I honestly got really flustered reading this as well oops
The gainer thing is ludicrously hot to me but only within limits and mostly as an offshoot of what you just described, I like the idea of having a lifestyle with your bf where you're so pampered and comfy that you end up letting yourself go and getting pudgy, the whole concept of 'relationship weight' gets me off so goddamn much you wouldn't believe. I'm not into the really extreme side of it, the people who gain like hundreds of pounds and fetishize the various health problems that develop as a result of doing so are fucking gross to me. I completely understand how even the 'milder' forms of the fetish could be gross and alienating to some people tho
Also I'm not really that 'little' I'm like 5'11, srry for being so consistently disappointing anon
Sounds very fattening hehehehehe
nah i'm in my letting myself go stage of life while i'm waiting to die
nah i'm in my letting myself go stage of life while i'm waiting to die
It feels most comfortable desu. Im kinda tired of the struggle
Got home really tired. A couple of puerto ricans are outside screaming and I'm tired powerless in bed. Could use a bath with a fellow cute boy right about now...
yeah to be honest i kind of feel like my attraction to it is more like a grandmas attraction? i just want to get a boy fed and happy and then the sexual stuff is kind of secondary to the fact i like him for being a qt. im not too sure where the sexual stuff starts and ends but ive not always been a healthy weight and i think knowing how shitty being overweight is prevents me from wanting to get a guy legit fat; im more into food coma or something but no long term shit.
a boy with a fast metabolism who i could feed and give headpats to endlessly and have him remain a good weight is what i like. do you like the idea of...for example if your bf ate the last of something and he was chewing it and you said you wanted it, and he gave it to you. do you accept?
yeah anon. me too. hopefully it'll be over soon
I wonder if you could transplant an uterus just like you can other organs, and if gestating would still be viable
I would like to take a bath and soak away the stress.
I hope you go peaceably.
accidentally slept in until 11am
That's not good
Pregnancy also involves a lot of hormones. I don't believe a uterus is enough.
i cant belive it britfeel is onto something they found us!!
Yeah? Well, well, they're a load of... BRITS!
well yeah, it's in the title
though I am surprised they can read
I am not taking criticism from the fucking British.
fuckin luvs ya cunts
we are sworn stone cold volcels purely chuddymaxxin
W-WHAT What shame do they not know to say such things!!!!! We do not like anal sex, because we don't know what sex is like!!!!
Good morning gentle homos, I'm once again filled with love and joy for you you YOU!! Have a great day!!
Good afternoon everyone, how are we all doing during this lovely day ?
Good morning
i love you too anon, i hope you have plenty of plans for the day and you enjoy it&lt;3 im only just headed off to bed. i hope you have a fulfilling day while i sleep though kindanon&lt;&lt;33
Lateass reply sorry. I completely get where you're coming from and yeah i wouldnt want to end up 'legit fat', maybe like a few pounds overweight at most. I'm just totally enamored with the idea of your bf's love and constant pampering manifesting itself in ur appearance somehow it's hot and cute idk
Incidentally I do actually have an inhumanly fast metabolism and do genuinely struggle to gain wright (hence why I have to resort to larping on imageboards in order to indulge my fetish instead of just actively gaining like a normal person) so make of that information what you will.
I'm curious what you mean by that, I'm imagining the way birds feed their young by regurgitating partially broken down food into their mouth? Sounds kinda gross, I may have a depraved and unhealthy fetish but I still value hygiene yknow
I just want a cute boy to cuddle and play videogames with and then dick down his cute ass with my fat long dick
And all I want is to be that to someone, but people don't get what they want on this bintch of an earth
This earth is sure bitchly anon, maybe it's time to install some apps again but I rather meet someone from 4chan desu because the apps are filled with boring normies...
Meeting someone from 4chan yikes
What is your favorite foods ? I love lasagne and cachupa : )
A cool 4chan bf would be the ideal but everyone is American and long distance is a spook
Being in a relationship sounds too hard anyway desu
I'm doing well this afternoon, and you?
this
what's wrong with that? better than meeting someone who has no chance of relating to and understanding you.
I'm not American I'm west European but I bet that's still too far away isn't it, really would be the ideal...
Glad to hear, im doing great went to my grandparents and had a great meal
I like my dick not cut off in the middle of the night, thank you very much. Prefer having a relationship with a normie then with someone that has a 90% chance of being deranged
west European
At least if the timezones match up it's a little better, but online only sounds hard because then you have to be good at thinking of things to talk about without shared experiences to draw from
I like my dick not cut off in the middle of the night
I think you're misunderstanding the ways in which 4chan users are mentally ill
I don't think that will be a real issue because there's still plenty to do online but ideally physically meeting up shouldn't be a hard thing, don't think a relationship can survive that
nta but i really don't want to deal with my bf committing suicide if we break up
I prefer not risking, I have seen things. If they had OCD or just anxiety like me sure but meh. Online people in general are kinda coo coo or maybe I just am unlucky
tfw no /mu/ bf to make music with
you called? let's make an album and get rich
i can sing and play keyboard
it comes out like slam poetry tho
come to manila wagmi
sounds cute
I can't take it anymore. lobotomy
very good, i shall begin sterilizing the ice pick immediately
Maybe on this occasion aim for the vagus nerve doc. I think I had enough desu
Anyone wants to adopt me before i murderize my whole family?
I feel to filthy to adopt you anon. But I'll gladly listen to your frustrations if you wanna share/
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE? MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND
Saving the West one goodmorning post at a time. 
https://youtu.be/bBsKplb2E6Q [Embed]
Go completely insanee
saving the west by being a fagoot yeah that tracks
Sometimes I feel kinda cute but then I look a little closer
goodmorning white man
New super mario bros 2 be bussin. I'd like mario games more if they had more combat but ok, whatever, they fun
why do you guys ironically adopt what zoomer normalfags used to say 2 years ago
Because Reddit finally caught up to it so it bled into the rest of the internet
because its finally bussin now?
just had a bloody nose for the first time in like five years and it was really bloody
scream bloody gore
Feels like every day I wake up colder and more tired than the last
did you try leaving the heating on
You don't get it bro.. I am honoring my Roman ancestors by jacking off to yaoi in my free time... VGH THE WHITE MAN MARCHES ON!!
my bf is ignoring me again!
I left the window slightly cracked open like I usually do 
Its meant to be summer time, not this fucking cold
I'm nearly 30 and I'm still here because 4chan is my only source of social interaction. Realizing most people itt are 18-24ish just goes to show how socially stunted of a person I am. I have no friends, I'm a fucking retard and if not for 4chan I'd just stare at the wall all day.
I'll adopt you, but only if you'll murder me instead.
I'd """adopt""" a robot if I wasn't scared of how to get them to leave if we fell out irreparably
well if it's your house just say fuck off and make it happen, no?
Shitty bait :DDDDDDD
https://youtu.be/oZwo-ui37rQ?t=32 [Embed]
Yeah nony, i don't think most of people here is that crazy
But you can just get a shotgun and court order
it's not bait, many people on r9k have bfs/gfs and there's nothing wrong w/ that, it's not 2014 anymore grandpa
imaginary bf ignores him so he comes to /r9gay/
/r9gay/ ignores him
crying
I don't care about the rest of r9k. Its all just raceplay porn and incest but you came into the gaycel thread and announced to the world you have a bf. That is bait for (you)s. Please go back to the rest of the board. This thread doesn't tolerate your kind of faggotry.
ok nazi larping grandpa, go jack off to erika
wait, whats wrong with incest?
Its just gross. I'm not gonna make up some bullshit excuse like "bro but the kids will be fucked up". Its just inherently disgusting. That's all.
i dont get this weird insistence that I'm old
you can't understand anything because you're a senile old man, that's why
finally going to the store to get the litter and other stuff. No excuses today.
Every single word he utters makes me want to break his face until it's unrecognizable. I can't take being around them anymore
But then i'll just go to jail :/
I wouldnt worry about such things
people can tell youre gay from your face shape in a split second somehow
or if youre an autist or socially awkward they can tell that instantly too from how you walk in the room or eye contact or whatever else
why bother trying to conceal things just be yourself, no one cares about anyone else anyway
update the window was in fact not open at all its just a fucking cold day
but long as there are stars above you
you never need to doubt it
I'll make you so sure about it
I have returned to my people.
Should've fapped by myself when i was home alone.
what if I post song lyrics from the thread year/number
thats a great idea and I only have to do it for the next 16 threads
i can't take another heartbreak or i'll end it all
heartbreak from rejecting people? -_-
Someone break this nigga's heart again so I don't have to deal with him anymore
i'll always be less than zero
For anyone interested I started a server for homoromantic dating. No bad things. It's for rather right.leaning guys.
I'll interview you before so no mean people get on.
No idea whether somebody tried this already, I just wanted to make a change.
https://discord._gg/YsRjU7xqpU
i keep telling myself i don't need it anymoreeeeeeee
i've been stuck inside this room for days on end 
i've seen darker days
trying to keep my faith
i sinned too much to pray for you 
i couldn't even change for you 
you're the air i need
i'm dying just to breathe 
i hope that you're not dying too :)
want to watch a movie with a friend
friend arrives angry AF after having an argument with his teacher
the movie function was cancelled
I literally went out for nothing. This sucks.
I'm going back home listening to whatever YT Music algorithm chose for me so FNAF music from a decade ago it seems.
How's everyone?
i am vehemently depressed singing shitty pop songs in my room
Ah at least I'm not the only one with shitty music taste here. Why so depressed? Is there any way I can help?
nah probably not i'll be like this until i inevitably commit suicide 
fnaf music is cool though
Pfft don't talk like that anon.
And yes, The Living Tombstone had some good FNAF songs. I think Mandopony too.
Is there anything you'd like to talk about? I'm literally fuming after this shitty day and have nobody to talk to.
reorganizing my lego displays currently 
what kinda stuff you wanna talk about?
This is why i prefer to be on my own. I wanted to fap with anon but that got canceled and i missed my chance to do it alone >:(
I promise I won't tell anyone if you kill me.
Hmm, Legos huh? Care to show a pic? If you don't mind that is.
Which Lego do you want to see???
Bored and slightly hungry so i will eat chocolate
Hi it's 5:22 and I just ate ravioli now I'm free for the rest of the night. What up fool? u wiggly lil tool ayay les boool boy im ghoooul ay
seruiously. Anon u nerd what's up how are you? Wanna hang out? wyd baby
Uh, I don't know. Do you have anything from the cartoons? Like Legends of Chima?
I have mainly star wars and a couple of custom figures from some tv shows and games. 
i love you avogado poster
everyone is asleep
I fucking love night time >~&lt;
Feeling alive again. I'm about to have some fun
Is it time for suffering?
ily2
What kind of fun? going for a run?
No. Now is not the right time yet.
I thought I wanted friends, but then I got friends and I still felt lonely 
I thought I wanted a bf, but then I realized how much emotional weight people are and I felt lonely again.
Maybe I don't know what I want.
I think it's over
yahallo. I see some anon made a discuck server for homoromantic dating, and even though I consider myself homoromantic, I won't join because I doubt the people here who call themselves homoromantic are worth the effort.
Defect-defect, I guess.
hope you all have a good night
I tried to be sociable with family last night, set aside time to watch something with them and everything
Fell though because they couldnt find anything they wanted to watch, ignored my suggestions, and sat on their phones
Then just now I tried being social with online friends, set up something to do, that fell through too because one has a headache and another just said no
Shit like this makes me not want to bother ever trying to be proactive again, I don't know how normies do it
you should marry me and get me therapy for my bpd
i can't save you sorry, you have to uh be the primary agent in your own rescue
What kind of fun? going for a run?
Nah, i already did that during the day. Now you made me feel bad as i prefer nightruns...
My idea of fun is usually shitposting online or playing games. I already played enough for today. Guess i'll shitpost after i fap
Hbu?
Same anon... We have become slaves of our phones. Right now I was sitting around listening to an old Walkman but couldn't help but check my phone and here I am replying to you.
I wish I could give you some advice but I can't so please try not to overthink about it.
Thanks, I wont overthink it, its just tiring
Im not usually the one to set things up and when I try it just falls through so why bother
I think I'll just have a hot chocolate now and watch a movie later
tfw no German bf
what's the best way to start going outside more often
i feel you, i'm in the middle of my playing games part and soon i'll move on to the next stage. since you haven't been shitposting much, i guess you're still working up a fap huh stud
small but more regular
like walk to your local shop on sundays and wednesdays or something
this also means you can get yourself a small treat for going there
then take a longer route back sometimes
tfw my only options for dinner are hot dogs, frozen fish, frozen chicken, frozen pizza or getting a pizza delivered. I went to the store today but they hardly had anything and what I did get will take time to marinate to be good. Got the litter though.
not to sound like a pussy bros but I think I would feel leagues better if was held by a big strong man while I cry into his chest. You feel me dawg?
Lol. I finished fast >\\\&lt;
Right now i'm feeling bad after eating too much choco it seems D:
Sorry for the late reply anon. I was browsing other threads and shitposting there >:3
sunday is breakfast burrito day
What type?
What other threads yu browse?
sunday is bottomless mimosa brunch day, aka social day drinking
Story anony!!!
I'm happy to see you
How have you been?
I think fish is big yum, what else you got?
On Sunday mom usually cooked a roast or put a steak in the oven to cook. What I wouldn't give to have a bite of one again. I know I could cook one myself but they're a lot of work and I'm too lazy to do the cleanup afterward.
Right now I'm cooking some frozen fish fillets in the oven. I've never had these before so we'll see if they're good. I bought them cheap from save-a-lot (a really bargin/cheap store) so I wonder,
Good ones ;3
The ones that aren't:
fembot here
femcel/incel 
racebait
trannyshit
generals other than gay
obvious bait( i do appreciate clever suspected bait though)
gore
e sluts/simp
things i have zero interest in
Currently i found~30 reletable or interesting threads i am trying to read. Usually it's around 20 i think
What were you marinating tho?
You should try making ceviche with the fish fillets, not that good when overcooked
How are your cats?
Yknow, you could try one pot recipes, toast is one i think
Wow, what are the most interesting one then?
I don't usually search for threads much, hard to relate to less general ones
What bout choccy tho?
I haven't had any in so long, i wish I had cacao pods more tho
not anything marinating right now. I normally start that in the morning for dinner that night. I have no idea what ceviche even is. cats are fine. I do cook some things but where I went for the litter is higher on their meat prices than where I normally go for food so I never usually get meat there. Thus my only options for dinner tonight were frozen or delivery.
At this point I think I'd be satisfied by just watching cute boys do stuff, in person.
so true
I don't ask for much. It'd just be nice to watch a cute boy go about his day. Being a stalker seems like challenging but rewarding work.
Oooh
I thought you had prepared something for the week, my dad usually left meat sliced marinating on a bag on the fridge
Like chicken, you can wash and skin chicken for the week
Ceviche is just raw fish with lemon, salt and spices, maaaaybe dill
I like it lots, frozen fish is great for it, even tilapia
What bout choccy tho?
I wish they hid choccy and sweets from me :/
I liked the one with rice i ate yesterday. Very light. Today i ate a lot of cacao ones i guess. I think i'll vomit, probably not though
I don't usually search for threads much, hard to relate to less general ones
I often find reletable ones. Maybe i'm just basic 
Best one hmmmmm it's hard to say and i didnt read many yet. I'm phoneposting and multitasking so ;-;
But tomorrow! If you are still here i will find good threads for you maybe hahaha
these are already battered and stuff.
For marinating I normally do that with pork chops. She would do it with roasts and steaks but I haven't tried one of those yet. Chicken I put put in salt water for about an hour or so before I cook it. My chicken actually turns out pretty good. I don't have any chicken now though as I haven't gone to my main food store this week yet.
So I'm now at home after wasting the entire day.
Smoking a cig. Hbu anons?
Guys... Want to talk more about it?
What exactly you want from that?
What are you getting?
For quite some time I had this fantasy of being basically like a ghost, who could go through walls and was invisible; and then just floating around some cute guy and observing his day to day life. Kind of like watching a slice-of-life anime or maybe a drama series, but this time it's live action and candidly mundane.
Is there something particular that makes someone cute to you anon? I find their voice to be a big factor :3
In this paper we develop a novel differential chaos shift key modulation and propose implementation methods to find a bf
rice ones
Never had choccy rice
And that's not good you really need to control yourself better!!
Phone Postings, Multitasking, tomorrow
Sure, i be phone fag, what else you do nony?
Im always here, usually cat posting
thast not real ur trying to fool me again
I see, so only frozen fish?
Battered, like fish Stick ?
Fish nuggies !!!
Hope you can go get meats soon, and try out to do that
damn I wish I could suck my own dick
inb4 "but it feels more like sucking than getting a bj"
thats what I WANT
What you did all day?
I just slept, and watched re4 Lore vids
What are you getting 
Think of it as a parasocial relationship except instead of feeling like friends or lovers with a person from the internet. You instead feel the same for a real person. I think also being able to watch someone from a far while they think they are completely alone is nice. They are less likely to act and look how they would in social settings. You get to see the truest form of the person without any of the social baggage. People are also just interesting to watch. There is a reason people will people watch in public places and there is a reason why that one internet show "Fishtank live" is popular. 
Watching someone to me also feels more obtainable and tangible to me. I cant really realistically imagine myself in a relationship. Its just not something which could happen.
they're basically large fish sticks, and you only get get 8 in a box. Very disappointing and I doubt I'll get them again even if they are good. 
I'll get some more food tomorrow probably. Mom and I used to go to multiple stores on one day but I'm not up that yet. Going to one mentally tires me, mostly the driving part, since I HATE that more than anything.
In order to expand the application of DCKS technology in the search for bfs, a novel ambient backscatter communication system is proposed. Furthermore, a noise reduction method based on averaging operation at the detector is designed to enhance the bf error rate (BER).
I see
That's quite romantic i think, sharing a mundane day like that
Are you on dating Apps ?
You can also try the Servers posted here, some anon might like you and talk about that stuff
Wnt out with a friend. I wanted to see a movie but it wasn't possible and he was in a bad mood. The trip back home took longer than expected so I'm tired af. I wish I had slept all day.
Oh well! At least your day sounds comfy &lt;3
I can't relate to this
Except for seeing the true Form of someone, beyond all social stuff
I do find that fascinating
agh wwhat is this... my neurons are activating..!
Hve you thought of using a bike perhaps?
Maybe it would make it feel less tiresome
Thanks anon!
What movie Was it?
Why Was your friend upset?
roughly 4 miles there and back with grocery bags? Oh and up and down hill too? With summer coming up? I don't think think so. 
Plus I never even learned how to ride a bike without training wheels.
An Indian movie, part of a movie festival. The fnction was canceled tho and we were offer to watch a Brazilian kiddie movie instead... No thanks.
Supposedly my friend had an argument with his teacher and was in a terrible mood so I told him to go back home.
Went back home listening shitty music and now here I am tired af and smoking.
Don't be so negative nony!
But yeah, it can be much less comfy than driving
Why you not like driving tho?
And summer it's not just rains
wait wait I have my new edition of IEEE Transactions on BFs
And that's not good you really need to control yourself better!!
Yeah, i'm not good at that at all. You should try rice ones :3
I like white choco a lot. I like weird flavors! Ummm yeah! 
I'm always here as well. Maybe not always posting these days but lurking 
That cat is cute but also kinda furry. I don't like furries :P
what else you do nony?
Fantasize about killing my family uwu
to FBI agent reading my posts this is satire. I'm a good boy and i won't harm others 
Going to the gym? Trying to be physically active i guess. 
What about you? Surely you have more hobbies :3
That sucks, but
You shouldn't have told him not to come, you should just try going somewhere else, that way neither has a shitty day
Try getting choccy!
Big comfy
I like to draw, learn of architecture
Watch birbs and play with doggos
Im a furry also
I'm scared of making a mistake and hurting myself or someone else. Plus I technically do not have a license since I let it expire some years past and I would have to go through the testing process again, which is hard as someone with no family. If I get pulled over I'm basically screwed. Not only am I unlicensed, I'm also uninsured since I'm not a licensed driver. The car is also in mom's name, which may also create issues.
Hell yeah I love choccy milk anon. Thank you!
Still having that issue then...
Mmm
Yeah, you need to fix it, tho i guess it's way more tiresome to
architecture
furry
Rip anon. You get the bullet but i'll make it quick ;)
I don't see a way out of it, really. If I get a learner's permit, then legally I have to have a licensed driver in the car with me. If I show up to the testing site alone they're going to know I drove there by myself and violated this. Without someone to go with me, I can't get my license again. Mom's friends don't even know about this because they just assumed I kept my license current, even without a car. 
Speaking of them, neither has contacted me really (except for one to pick up a a few things she had let my mom borrow) since the funeral. I doubt I could ask them to do something like that.
You should try, or a family member
It's worth a shot, also
I don't know if the dmv people would mind you driving there that much but I don't know
If I show up to the testing site alone they're going to know I drove there by myself and violated this
Bullshit. I drove myself to all my driving tests. They won't ask, they won't bother they won't care. If they do, which they won't, just lie.
Whyyyyy
Why so much hate on meeeee
No faaaair
the lady at the dmv who gave me my driving test later ended up working with me at a grocery store
i ran 3 stop signs and still got it
the closest family I have are 2nd cousins, both of which who live pretty far away, have their own health problems, and didn't come to mom's funeral despite knowing almost a week in advance. I basically have no family.
They won't care that you drove yourself there, they won't even ask
I'm scared that they will. The last one I took was done by the highway patrol, not the DMV. Some gov office worker might not care but I think cops will.
Cute pic!
Don't worry anon, i'm just bored and messing around. I don't like furries (true) but i don't actually care that much &lt;3
They won't. You're just creating more excuses for not doing the things you have to do. 
You always do that
I like furries, since I'm one too. What's your favorite animal?
I'm also a furry
My fav animals are wolves and foxes, stereotypically. But I like raccoons and hyenas too
well I'm gonna have to do something before September because that's when mom would have to get a new sticker for her plate. If I drive after that I'll likely be pulled over for the expired tags.
cats and horses for me. Though dogs and foxes are also cute.
Do you still not know how much the med bills are gonna cost?
plenty of people drive with no license at all
No, supposedly that'll be sometime this week according to my lawyer.
Alright boys... sock inspection time! >:3
mine are filthy because I never wear shoes indoors, and haven't washed any since mom died. I just find the least dirty ones I have every so often and put them on.
This was a funny read
are you fujos or actual faggots
is the bare minimum really so hard?
put your clothes in the washing machine its not like you even have to wash them yourself the machine does it all you
actual faggot, 33 year old KHHV though.
That was a funny thread
t. fujo >:3
yes, I find it a pain to gather all the small socks from the washer to put them in the dryer. Bending over that long makes me out of breath.
Actual faggot
I haven't had irl friends since middle school
I've never had sex and I never will(stone cold incel)
A funfact about me: I am very racist, I am very homophobic, I am very very sexist and I am very very transphobic.
you missed "very hurt"
be me
loser virgin neet
feds fear me
I'm back y'all i'm backer than back
I just erped yesterday night. I wish my erp mate batter my brains out with an axe
ummmm sweety who hurt you!?!?!?!!
society...
https://youtu.be/Pfilh3Tw7J0 [Embed]
you brought this on yourseIf
Nope. it was society.
I seriously hope you die
I love this!!
Thanks anony, hope you be having comfy time
What u doing now?
Bnnuys ! And deer
Uuuuh
Yeah!
Horsies are so awesome!!!
I love taking care of them, cows too
I sometimes cosplay cats
Uuuuh
U first, mine have holes and stuff, i need to buy some
Anon you have to do laundry!!
Maybe on 2 days, it's not hard
I read all the threads i wanted but last ond made me horny. I think i will fap again and then watch some yt before going to sleep. Hope you are having fun as well
What was that last one about?
You posted the milk piss thread?
Hmm..
Well, you May like this
https://youtu.be/ZETvtplK-uM [Embed]
Is furry anon cute
No
I'm the cum demon apparently
why aren't you cute
Because he is a bf haver.
What was that last one about?
Pretty much my exact fantasy. Probably a larp but reading it was so hot
You posted the milk piss thread?
Yes, first reply and fma joke made me laugh
Vid looks fun i will finish it tomorrow
Because my genes suck and had a troon phase
Wanna see a Pic?
Add me
Already Was bullyed here...
I think?
Cum demon is bullying right? 
RainySkymadDragon333#6607
No it was in relation to the story you told
I'm a Sex haver, nobody wants to bf me
TEEEEEEELL
Teell me your fantasyyyy
I don't wanna be associated with a sex haver.
Its because you are a whore desu. I can't wait for god to kill all gay people
Please explain?
Now i don't understand what you mean
Eeh
True
Very true
Ok. Read the op, that's the kinda stuff i'm into
Sometimes I have fantasies about brutally murdering sex havers.
You're the opposite of a whore and still nobody wants to bf you either. I think there's more to it than it meets the eye
i cannot fucking get 1 2 buckle my shoe meme out of my head god help me
They just want to fuck instead. Kill all whores=more romantic gay love
Based
I want this too
God damn, but i would fight back, don't like giving up
Why you guys hate Sex havers?
I don't get it
I think you're the problem, and whores are just your scapegoat. 
It's easier to blame your failures on everyone else
DUDE you're actually the REAL whore for wanting monogamous love!!!
No!
Venti nony, i get that but why hate in people who have sex for whatever reason?
venti is based and lovely as always
regards,
your secret admirer
I wish I could just retire
It's so frustrating seeing all these cool artists around the world. Meanwhile I'm stuck working a stressful job with long hours.
I'll be nightshift for the next two weeks. i.e. I won't be able to get any drawing done.
I just want more time snd energy to practice what I love...
Because it makes us look bad. Like people that are obsessed with sex and can't maintain stable relationships. It's insulting. Go back to gaygen or reddit.
marry me i am incredibly lonely and depressed
i am the same so i probably would not be good for your health. it is best to admire from afar i guess.
cant maintain stable relationships.
THAT'S LITERALLY YOU. Kill ventichud and sex havers
I always blame the other person so it's not really my fault.
*slaps your hand away*
WOOAAAAH WHAT A BPD FEMBOY DUDE!!!! WOAH DUDE YOU'RE MENTALLY ILL AND YOU POST AVATAR FAG AS A FEMBOY!?!?!?!? DUDE YOU'RE LITTERALLY MY DREAM BF!!! YOU ARE ONE IN A BILLION DUDE NO WAY!!!!!! YOU DEFINTIELTY COULD NEVER BE REPLACED BY ANY OTHER FAGGOT ON DISCORD NOOOOOO WAY DUDE OH MY GOD BPD FEMBOY!!!
I hope you explode
I would shoot you if I saw you irl.
Good night good boys &lt;3
Some of you are exremely cringe. You know who you are byeeeeeeeee
tfw leg problem is back again.
I actually walked today, why?
Thanks nony
Guess i can be but just wish we didn't fight here
I think it won't go away nony
Unless you see a Dr for it
it's only at night, during the day I'm fine. and I'll likely never see a doctor for the rest of my life. I don't think I could handle meeting one on one with one.
Hmmm
You're the anon who had a breakdown for i think 2 weeks before meeting one?
If so
The meeting itself went ok didn't it?
Tho i understand, not wanting to go anyhow, trying could hell lots
No, I'm storyanon. I haven't seen a doctor is about 6 years when I went to a clinic for an ear infection. That was just a nurse practitioner. Mom practically made me go. 
The last time I was actually examined by a real doctor was my last visit to my childhood doctor when I was 17 or 18.
Why you dislikes doctors?
I don't dislike them but I feel too self-conscious, especially now that I'm fat.
i took a really nice nude and wish i had a bf to share it with. oh well. the price of not being a whore.
well you're still an attention whore so
this is what i get for being born a worthless pile of sludge.
I don't like that games like corruption of champions can make me so unbelievably horny for an entire day, why does it actually work bros?
taking nudes even if for yourself already kind of makes you whoreish, what's the point of keeping it in your phone? stop lying, you're going to share them. this is just a song and dance you lie to yourself with
coc (the original at least) is pretty goated. played that shit for years, now i've basically read every line of text that you can possibly encounter in that game ten-thousand times and it doesn't work for me anymore. count your blessings nony.
i've been playing coc2, coc was weird to me when i first came across it and i didn't really get it. been actually committed to coc2 which feels, weird and degen, but also i've been blowing a lot of loads to it. sucks there's never enough males though
another good one is degrees of lewdity if you're an abject degenerate like me. it has rudimentary sprite graphics and you can tweak the settings and make only male NPCs in the world.
looking into it, seems interesting enough honestly. the only other i've played i forget the name of but was a space sci-fi one. not trials in tainted space, had an honestly shitty art style but pretty much all the npcs were male
I've never posted them and probably never will. 
tfw no bf that is always horny
What the fuck is corruption of champions I just googled it
it's a text-based porn game. coc2 has some images to go along with it.
Is it gay or something? What do you do?
has gay and straight content and also a lot of futa shit. basically you go around and interact with the world, read erotic combat shit, get booty-blasted by your minotaur companion, get egged in your ass by a bee-person...
What's the hottest thing you've done in the game? I'm pretty horny and need to jerk.
tfw no bf to masturbate
masturbate me please 0.0
Official power ranking for the CoC category
coc > tits > coc2
just play it yourself faggot, it gets into the sex stuff really quick. or just yenno, watch porn
Okay anony, I just have to wash my hands first
oops, forgot MVOL but that's a much smaller game, still better than coc2 anyhow
im inclined to agree desu
But I want anony to describe it to me :(
i would anony but i have a splitting headache atm and is killing me :(
got discord? perhaps we can work out a later appointment.
My armpits smell so good rn holy cow.
hello gay virgins and bisexual virgins
evening good sir
Good mornin'. How do you do, sir?
good evening(1:00am) what are we doing tonight?
good morning(1:01am). im doing a bit neutral but i can tell its going to get weird... how are you doing? any plans for the day?
Weird? As in a weird day for everyone or that your day will turn out weird? How so? I'm doing fine, was feeling like shit yesterday but today I'm doing well enough. It's 3 AM currently.
now i realize its a bit of a fish but its going to be weird because mom left for a few days and im not feeling that well generally(feel okay right now though) what was wrong yesterday? did you just wake up or was that just an AM morning?
Licking my plushies and listening to rap music rn
Ah, I see. Why don't you feel well generally? For myself, I was focusing on stuff I shouldn't have yesterday. I've been awake sine 1 myself though. I prefer being awake at night, but I've been fixing my sleep schedule because I have appointments to attend soon.
what rap music does venti listen to
my favorites are kanye and ab soul
ive just been feeling something similar to depression lately. do you mean 1am or pm? i just woke up a few hours ago myself though i dont have any preference to day or night i just like being awake when the sun comes up or goes down. appointments for what?
I see. I mean AM also. My appointments are for getting my blood drawn and a follow up with my doctors. Do you have any plans for your day without your mom around?
nope i have no plans for the day honestly i was thinking of walking to the liqqy store and having a day or two with that hehe... so just a regular check up then? is that an early appointment? do you try to make all of you appointments early even if your sleep schedule is shifted to later in the day? i always find it easier to stay awake for 24+ hours than wake up so i do exactly that
Liquor has never really been my thing but it sounds like a fun plan regardless. You should find a show to watch while you're drinking away. It's kind of a regular check up, it's more just seeing how I've responded to an increase in synthroid and how my immune system is interacting with all of that. I do try to get my appointments early though, yeah. Personally I'll just go with next to no sleep as long as I get to the appointment, but it helps just fix my schedule enough if I need to.
why won't venti lego latino anon just go full horny whore, that's what he is isn't he?
alcohol is definitely an overrated waste of money but i have a decent amount of cash on me and the store is a 4min walk from here ive got no ideas for things to watch so im not sure about that though
synthroid
what is going on anon? i dont know what that is about but it seems like it could be more serious than just a sidenote here
You should look into brewing booze sometime, anon. You might enjoy it if you like to indulge in liquor every now and then -- could make for a good hobby. Don't worry about the synthroid stuff, I just have an atypical case of Hashimoto's. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hashimoto's_thyroiditis It's actually a pretty common autoimmune disorder, I just drew some bad luck in inheriting it and somehow having my immune system be odd on top of it.
unfortunately i dont have much space right now so i cant brew alcohol(probably) and more importantly mom is very anti alcohol... are you mostly in control of your health situation then? like is all of that routine at the moment or is there something that could come up? basically is there any stress for you or is it just an annoying check in?
You might only need like 4 square feet of floor space for a good carboy, it's just a bit of a process to start it up and there's a good amount of time you'll be waiting. You also wouldn't a constant concoction of boiling CO2 in your bedroom or anything. Your mom is likely the only real obstacle to it all though. I'm in control of my health though, yeah, it's nothing I can't handle/haven't handled already. I wouldn't call it routine because I haven't been on these hormones for even a year and the last blood test I had got my dosage upped by 50%(50 mcg to 75 mcg) and it's almost certainly going to get upped again. The only stress is just having to go out anywhere, I'm not the most social person and I especially don't like being out in public. Pic related is a carboy though, it's cool to watch all of the bubbles forming if you set up everything right.
are there any noticeable differences since youve been on the meds? im glad it isnt stressing you out very much im assuming that means everything is going well or at least expected.sadly my mom is a big obstacle for that kind of thing she would pour any alcohol i have in the sink if she was in a mood but it does sound really cool
Well when my immune system isn't chewing up my thyroid or when I just got the medicine/an upped dosage then everything works out great and I feel a whole lot better. My immune system then just acts like it's bipolar and I cycle from suffering mild hypothyroidism to being normal. It's a shame you can't brew though, I wanted to get back into it myself because I wanted to make yeast extract from the leftovers. It's in a bunch of food you've likely already eaten(they even put it in soup stock). I doubt you could convince your mom to let you do that for the culinary experience though. Here's a nice video on it you might like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zEWtqkp1v8 [Embed]
can you describe what that feels like? you can skip it because im terrible at describing anything... ill check out the video(watching at the moment) but youre likely right... mom is inconsistently strict and annoying
Well, when I'm mildly hypothyroidic then I'm just tired all of the time. If I exercise beyond just simple cardio(and even sometimes then if I push it) I get sore much easier and it takes like twice as long to recover. Chronic constipation, my skin dries out on my face making areas red and itchy looking, things just seem cloudier mentally. When it's cold out you really notice it, can't have my AC working too much because of it. You mentioned feeling not too well before, are you wondering if you have Hashimoto's or a thyroid issue now?
Also can you explain what your mom's like? Inconsistently strict and annoying sounds familiar.
still looking for a cute anon nearby I can care for, give him cuddles and love, cook together, play videogames together and at the end of the day dick him down till he's silly...
I'm not an expert but this sounds kinda homo anon
im not wondering if i have hashimotos im just interested in your experience. that really does sound annoying by the way so im sorry you have had to deal with that... things feeling cloudier mentally is something really familiar to me but im not sure if we mean the same thing do you feel like you forget things during the day or just dont feel like youve been in your body for a while? what do you mean with that?
can you explain your mom
not completely... she has some rules and little things that bother her and she wants a certain solution to that but she doesnt always care about these rules though suddenly she will become focused and assertive on them in an aggressive kind of scary way. she will randomly go a long time without mentioning anything that bothers her which makes it a lot worse
he likes g*rls
uhoh
I didn't mean you desu
Horrible sleep. I'm so tired. How am i supposed to do anything today?
It's all good, anon. I do tend to forget things throughout the day, yeah, also I'm not as performant as I would otherwise be. Things are harder to figure out than what's normal, it's easier for me to zone out, etc.. Your mom is kind of reminding me of my mom, although she's not so strict. If anything she's more overprotective/overbearing but cycles between doing just about nothing and wanting to do tons of work all the time, right this second.
Do you have any health issues, anon?
Biscum? In this thread? Oh no... It could be any one of us. It could be you, it could him, it could even be...
Potential gaming schedule for last week of april and the month of may excluding new releases~
Rage 2 (already playing) and maybe 1
Darksiders genesis and maybe 3
Left 4 dead 1 n 2
Brutal legend
Bioshock 2 n infinite
Spongebob cosmic shake
Mario galaxy 2
New smb wii
Ben 10 rise of hex n protectors of earth
Hi fi rush
You gamers have any plans?
not to rant about my mom too much but my mom is so controlling about the weirdest things and ive always had a hard time thinking it was protective but it probably is. not completely related to the conversation but mom has not been the main parent in my life my grandparents were and i think that changes our situation to normal people... i find myself absent minded a lot and that feels really similar to your situation, but its not exactly the same of course so im a bit nervous to give my own too much importance. is your situation with your mother still similar to that or moving away now?
I guess our situation isn't too dissimilar. I spent a good amount of time taking care of my grandpa before he passed, pretty much my late teens and early 20s. My mom is a bit controlling, but I think it's more that she doesn't want to be alone. I've tried to talk about moving out, she doesn't want it to happen at all. Out of curiosity, what's your diet like? What kinds of foods do you normally eat?
tfw no bf to go to sleep with when the sun comes up
very similar. i will always think about the days before my grandfather died, and i had taken care of my grandmother for a while but she is still alive right now. i moved out from my mom at 20 and i am back with her now instead of taking care of my grandmother which hurts a bit. however i am not moving out because i dont have any job prospects at all... my diet is pretty bad because i usually eat one meal a day and outside of that it is very sodium heavy diet example ill just eat salami or sopressa with something like graprefruit
no job prospects
one meal a day, high in sodium
Hey, we're even more similar (^:. I only ever get like maybe 2x the daily recommended dose for an adult, which is fine since I drink a lot and I'm tall and all. Do you take any vitamin supplements? Lacking a varied diet pretty much necessitates it.
tfw no bf that smiles excitedly after i tell him im going to rape him like an animal
I-i am going insane
i have never taken supplements but i dont think im lacking anything since im 6'2 150lbs 188cm 68kg i just know my diet is bad because i do not keep a diet at all and pretty much eat once day.
he wants to get bread
You should really take some supplements, it might help with that cloudiness. Is there anything else that might be a problem or any other unhealthy habits that you have?
to be honest my only unhealthy habits are staying awake for 24+ hours but i have never in my life taken supplements of any kind
Im pretty sure YuGiOh made me gay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpXKNcUJVW4 [Embed]
You should definitely get more sleep. Do you at least sleep close to 16 hours after you stay up that long? It really isn't good for you, fren.
not even close to 16hours lol. my sleep is very inconstant so i cant give you a real range but just int the last month i have done multiple 36 hours. i thought 8 hours of sleep was considered good?
inconsistent. spell check tricked me for some reason
inside of the penis is scary as fuck. it kind reminds me of really high doses of ketamine
All good and no 8 hours is pretty much the minimum you should have per 24 hours. You want more if you're not sleeping for prolonged periods of time. That's all pretty bad, anon. Your sleep and health are important.
maybe weird but do your parents or anyone know you are gay?
I've told my sister before and a few people I knew growing up. Don't recall ever telling my mom, never told my ol' folks either. My mom has said some things to me before that made me think that she suspected or knew though. Stuff like "I think when you're really smart you don't care so much what you love." or similar. What about you? I wonder how your mom has/would react to that.
What was the last thing that made you cry anon?
Sometimes I want to make a cute boy cry and then lick his tears.
I just use emus for free on pc. 
Klonoa is not very popular :(
I liked switch remake and gba games were amazing too
mario
My fav by far is 3d world. Love the cat power and such. Very cool fights. Bowsers fury was amazing as well. Odyssey is great, so is galaxy and u deluxe. Basically switch mario(ports included) > rest
land
Cool platforming with powers and ok combat. Very fun, kinda like kirby but not as good. I only played pc games as a kid. I didn't play much though
Not that into music. Potc, can't say i like em
lbp
I only liked sackboy. Played it on pc not too long ago. It has great music heh
crysis
I have no idea about online. You should give it a shot it's one of the better fps games for sure
never ever multiplayer?
I liked playing dnf duel with him though i dislike fighting games(it was kinda fun)... we played few beat em ups... playing with strangers feels horrible though. I have zero desire to play anything but singleplayer 
river city girls
Probably. He should try it. I'm waiting for 2 to be on discount so i can play on switch 
yeah its too much pressure to do the right thing and not have sub optimal experience. i fucked up my botw build, i spent all my orbs on stamina and then never had enough hearts when i got to certain monsters. i never beat it and the second games out in a month
I just think it's tedious. Speaking of botw it's the first game i bought for switch. Still didn't play after over a year. Because i know it will take time. Now you say you can fuck up your build? I didn't hear it was hard. I'm not that excited to play it anymore :/
Gta
Yeah. I'd hate that now but i had fun when i was younger. I like levels and goals. Too much to do makes me lose interest 
i find that strange
:3
how come not right now?
I have other shorter series to complete. And i'm saving it for when i run out of good fps. I just beat necromunda, t'was fun.
As for halo i'll just play in chronological order and only singleplayer ones. I will look it up when the time comes. Maybe i won't like it but i think i will. I prefer more realistic weapons like in wolfenstein and stuff. Zombies and demons, not aliens. Space is lame. You say not much but you listed a lot lol
do you happen to know his reaction to the ftm shooter in TN? i wanted to look but never did
I know little about the shooting and didn't see him react. He did humiliate milo in a debate that they sorta mention it i think. Adin is funny and probably retarded but also he plays it up for the camera as well.
It's a must see interaction
https://youtu.be/TYo31aYOngo [Embed]
still am!!!! but yeah kinda, for a controller player anyway
Controller
*sigh*
This is the part where i tell you fps games are played with wasd plus mouse
i agree although i feel like the money isnt worth it without multi desu
I pirate the fuck out of games. Speaking of which why is there still no pirated version of callisto protocol? I' not paying over 50e for that shit. But i'd try it if it's free
wdym?
I didn't expect you to be that good u guess
I hate puzzles
Yeah they can be hard and i just like action and stuff
do you like detective type stuff like profiling?
Used to, now i find it boring and it's hard to focus
you played it though?
Yeah :/
everyone loves that but i never played it as a kid(or adult)
Give it a shot idk. I hate sniper elite elite games but zombie army is very fun. Zombie games are decent
was the last thing that made you cry anon?
Just thinking about the state of my life desu
the only person ive told directly with confidence is a cousin and they have taken my privacy very seriously even if i wish theyd spread the rumor a little heh... in a similar experience my grandmother has mentioned "one day youll have a boyfriend or relationship"
i wonder how your mom would react
i honestly dont think my mom would care or be surprised but i dont see a way to breach the topic in casual conversation and im not going to bring it up myself
*lick* *lick*
Aww, Is it getting any better anon? What's the biggest problem that you're facing right now?
Why do you wish they'd spread the rumor around a bit? Is there someone you're interested in that you'd want to find out? I feel like if I told my mom directly she'd just try and play matchmaker again. She already tried to push me towards some of my sister's friends before(with my sister going along with that). She really loves to just try and involve herself in anything that I do, despite me telling her not to.
i just sat down to wrap up my other stuff, im sorry. im terminally retarded and i hate the 2000 char limit and might just pull the trigger and fully get around it. i thought about it last time i took forever to respond and probably will now 
thinking of just using paste bin or something. because my issue is i currently use a word counter site and temper what i say based on how much i dont want to have to add a new post. and it stifles me and forces me to procrastinate. bad idea to do that?
i used to think it would be okay to come out to my family but then i genuinely asked my mother for help for the first time in my entire life and she immediately made it about herself and told everyone she knows and our entire extended family all about my problems completely behind my back even though i deliberately asked her not to so i only found out about it after arriving at a large gathering months later and being ambushed by several dozen people who all wanted to pry
Spoiler is some schizo shit idk what to say. I have no idea, do what's easier i guess. Actually i think i prefer later replies it can get draining if it's too often as it takes me a while to type it out and read your and shit. So no worries
Wish I was a british schoolboy :(
If you're exceeding the character limit have you considered moving the conversation off-site to a third party communication platform? Or at least parsing your reply into properly formatted paragraphs rather than taking up half the page with green text?
i think neither of us want to move off-site because it changes the expectations and conversation. the style of conversation achieved on this site is unlike any other and beyond that intimate messaging isnt the ideal and again [avoiding] that isnt possible using modern instant messengers. i think we both want to retain the distance we get in anonymity here
i have actually had the idea of setting up a vichan/(now basically sharty) instance to dedicate threads to talking to people but setting it up so its private so only me and the other person can read it. so anytime i meet people i want to talk to i set up a separate board only they can access and have conversations in this same image board style. it would make me infinitely more productive personally 
the greentext spam is an issue but thats the way it is because theirs more to address than characters i can commit to it leading to a shitty ratio of green text where theirs a lot of short replies. and even in cases where the green text is less then 5 words per, it can often mean referencing back multiple threads to refollow the conversation
this is why i need more charters
gives you a private board on his own imageboard instance
yeah, he's a keeper
Feeling frustrated. A good workout is what i need! Off to the gym i go 
Let's hope it's at least half empty
Why do a bunch of programming or program manual books feature animals on them? Not complaining just curious.
to try and trick children into reading them
theirs actual lore out there on why but im pretty sure the answer is that its just a thing that particular publishing house does. i dont know if theirs an official reason, i think theyve just done a good job getting high quality books written for them and its almost become like a "X for dummies" sort of thing except its actual textbooks and not readers digest tier shit. their might be a story about the first guy to do it and why they began making it their standard but i think for the most part its a brand thing now
Imagine something like this with the caption of "The complete documentation of the HyperText Markup Language" :D
Crocodilians are cute and I approve of this idea.
Question for any techboys out there, what standard, language or program do you think a rabbit would be most appropriate for as a mascot?
python because they eat whole live rabbits
Arthur Morgan is very attractive. I want to engage in sexual relations with him
Thanks for the input (hehe it's a tech term, get it?) anon! But please don't eat the bunny D:
if we're including programs there already is rabbitmq
Fascinating. Using bunnies as middlemen in a conversation, who would've though.
how do i learn C
Consume the actual ISO standard, or an abridged version of it (like those in tutorials or books), in whatever way you like (reading, watching, etc.) and remember it?
Pretty much like learning anything. Also take your time, do it at your own pace.
more attracted to fictional men than actual men 
It's over.
if by fictional men you mean anime "boys" then no, it's not over, you're just prisongay and just need to get a smidgen of pussy.
if you mean fictional men as in a book or movie character then yeah, it's basically over. no one in real life can match up to that.
fictional men as in book or movie character
Yeah that's kinda it 
anime "boys" 
No, not femboys or traps, actual anime dudes.
How am i supposed to do anything today?
clearly you must make coffee
so you're not really gay then?
yeah no shit 2D > 3D this has been known for actually entire decades
I've never been attracted to w*men ever, yet have intense sexual desire for fictional male characters.
3DPD (better bodies, better dicks, may or may not be superpowered)
Maybe it's just because you're detached from reality and overexposed to the internet
be me
just chilling
roommate comes into my room
lowers himself, bites my left leg and leaves
what did he mean by this ?
the reason you're 3DPD is because internet
okay moron
Ask him!!
Go bite him back, on a tigh
Kiss his dick
his roommate is a cat
Oh crap
Hope he didn't do all that
....
Unless you mean a furry ?
I hope so
no furys please
no furies, only fates..
frens still wanted.. come chat and be comfy with some fellow gaybots (women and whores not allowed) fYswBnrgVJ
trannycord
im good thx
Rainy days bad
GOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE? NAH NIGGA WE RISING AND GRINDIN
Had a dream last night where I was revealed to be like a quarter central Asian. Spooky shit man.
trannies are also not allowed
anyone that uses discord is a tranny
it's nearly 2pm chuddy
i was like an hour off
alright
I woke up at 12 30 
I just couldnt be bothered to get out of bed
Today sucked!
You know what, fapping alone doesn't do it anymore :&lt;
bought a steak at the store, going to try and cook it tonight. Now I need to mow the grass. I'm actually doing two things today.
a feast fit for a king
I don't know, it's a chuck steak. Mom usually put those in the oven. I had thought about just frying it in the skillet but on looking at it, it's very thick I don't think that'll work. 
I just hope I don't mess it up.
Hi I am your local ventiposter and I'm looking for a bf. Only serious offers please. I want a cutie to marry and love. I want to show him my star wars legos and lick him as well. He should be educated in the religious arts. He must be right wing. We will troll trannies together.
I am anon and i approve this message
Be nice to ventiposter, he is a good boy &lt;3
It's pretty hypocritical to be right wing or religious when you're gay. You're gonna need someone who's good at gymnastics.
right wing
i want you to get beaten
4chan has to be edgy, and since being a leftist is now common and mainstream the edgy ones are now right wing 'trads'. Never mind that a gay trad is a contradiction in and of itself.
NTA but I'm not gonna like trannies,non-whites and women just because I'm a fag,
wake up insanely horny for sucking fbf's dick in a car
I dont even drive, stupid sleepy urges
tfw no bf who loves his country, loves guns, wants a strong border and to have a cabin in the woods where we can make racist jokes together
road head is dangerous kids, pull over for your BJ then go back to driving.
yeah I didnt mean while driving, Id be too scared of a speed bump making me bite him
obviously find a nice parking spot by a beach or something so he can watch the waves while I milk him with my throat
Personally I want to have a guy cum on my tongue, not down my throat. I want to taste every bit of flavor.
giving the villagers a shower
oy vey adolfslab
how about going 80mph late night on a friday cruising with your bf on your way home from a date? seatbelts off, engine revving, and he's in control...
nobody responded to my bf offer :(
you're too lame for me sorry
seatbelt off
get out of my car
