Any other ladies on here enjoy theft? I never leave the store without getting a little present.
Yes. My brother was telling me kleptomania is common in women because of our gatherer instincts or something.
I hope they keep track of your stealing until you finally steal enough shit to spend a decent chunk of time in prison and then have you arrested. Like Target does to shoplifters. Not because I have a problem with stealing but because I hate women.
I hope you get caught and both of your holes go through an in depth search for stolen items
I have watched porn of shoplifters getting caught and the loss prevention officer black mailing them into sex. I wish I didnt have moid taste.
who am i without my secret treat from the supermarket
i'm a rapist (male) and that's my form of theft
You're disgusting. I hope someone will rape you and then chop off one of your hands. Fucking bitch.
Please kill yourself moid.
Would you post something like this if someone raped you? I think you wouldn't, even though your pussy costs less than a nail polish from Walmart.
Do you at least return your shopping cart once you're done with it?
Listen here little baby. You're gonna get a lot of hurtful and degrading comments, but that ain't what I'm about. Let me just say, you are perfect the way you are. You hear me sugar? PERFECT. Don't ever change. You deserve anything and everything you want. Stay safe for me, baby girl. 
Ladies, look at marvel at peak male retardation. Remember this is what most of them are like.
Lmao. What a dumb cunt
Lmao. W*men are literally whores for free
No, you definitely only use your head for giving blowjobs.
If I saw you doing this, I'd perform a citizen's arrest on you until security arrived.
Answer the question, femoid. >>73051827
If I have a cart yes
what ladies do you think you're talking to? there's only men here retard
Not her, you can release the cart with the key from a can of corned beef. No need to insert a coin. Therefore, I don't take them back unless I find one with a coin someone else has abandoned, then I take it back to collect the free coin.
Finally an excuse to use this pic
I used to be a big shoplifter as a kid and teen. I wore tripp pants in middle school and when I went to barnes and noble with my mom I would shove manga in the pockets or against my waistband and just pull down my hoodie. I never got caught (I don't think the detectors at the front of the store are real LOL). I stole over $300 worth of manga probably as a teen even expensive shit like art books worth like $50. I eventually sold it all to some teenager and her mom from craigslist for $250 because I wanted money for pot in college lol. I regret it since manga is so hot right now I could've made so much off that hoard oh well.
Also as an adult, 28, I feel like the risk is too high. I just shop smart and don't feel the urge to steal
Good girl
You will burn for your sins
only when i'm dating a thuggish chad. if not then I have no desire.
No, its quite hilarious how stupid moids can be
Stfu, no ones gonna believe this
Disgusting. Niggerish, I would say.
ladies, I am a master thief. give me your discord names and show me your hands so I can properly study your thieving abilities.
I want to steal a fembots heart
i don't understand how some men have brains the size of a fork. they just lack self-awareness lmaoo
the idea is nice, but they barely scratch the surface in terms of creativity in how to punish a shoplifting foid
lol ok. date more.
no, I would never want to shoplift it's wrong and annoying for the employees
