I don't know what to think about this. I don't give a fuck about gays or lesbos because I associate that as mutations, but trans comes across as some weird ass jewish psyops that cane out of nowhere. Like there were always mentally ill people, but now the media and businesses keep pushing this shit out of nowhere for no fucking reason other than the puppet master oligarchs giving them the green light. 
This is the weirdest psyops ever.
tell her to stop or you're a cuck.
trannies never really bothered anyone till the jews made it mainstream, now kids are trooning out all over the place.
Yep. Only question is why are the jews pushing this shit now?
if it bothers you that much just break up with her? I fail to see how this impacts your relationship at all. Surely you must disagree on other topics too?
Trans being a jewish psyop is infact a psyop. I know plenty of normal trans people. Yes, there are crazy schizoids, same for literally every group.
they are evil so who knows
No, here's the thing that's weird. They've always existed, but only NOW are the jews pushing it down everyone's throats. Ever since like a year into covid or some shit like that. Like it's part of the reset. For what purpose? Idk
Yup. But whatever the psyop is, I'm not going to start hating a group of people because the media is pushing them. Not even they appreciate that. They KNOW it looks bad.
GET OUT. GET OUT OF MY FACE YOU HUMBLE BRAGGER FAGGOT
just wait till see shes one in a female only space such a girl's bathroom. Most females support trannies because it's the woke/popular thing to do, until they get a taste of what they are in reality.
A woman is more likely to get raped by her priest, schoolteacher, direct superior or a cop before a tranny.
I never said she would get raped, but when there's a 200lb dude in a dress with a 5 o'clock shadow using the bathroom in the stall next to her, then she might rethink her position.
Trans people are less than 0.2% of the population. I don't think that the majority of them are nearly as disgusting as you may think...
However, even if they are, consider this:
Sounds good to me.
Good thing not all trannies are giga rapehons, and even then, do you really think someone'd go through all that effort just to rape a girl? As if that'd even let you get away with it, what a sad life you must live if you're constantly plagued by these delusions.
according to them my physical appearance doesn't matter and I can change my gender identity any time I want. So by that logic, me a male who presents as male, can just say I'm a female and walk right into the girl's bathroom and they are bigots if they complain.
They all look disgusting. Like cross dressers. Worse yet you will get posers entering the bathroom because people with fetishes are a thing
Obviously yes. The lower the barrier to entry, the higher the numbers will go. That goes for all things in life. For instance if a job has a high barrier to entry, you'll get less applicants. Low barrier to entry? More applicants. It's a numbers game
How does being a small part of the population have to do with whether someone is disgusting or not? It's like you took the first part of some pre-memorized talking point (trannies aren't gonna rape you) and then continued into the rest of your response.
Also, yes, trannies really are that disgusting. And ywnbaw.
Let me rephrase, do you really think someone would go through 6 months worth of psychological screening at the very least, and then drastically alter their body permanently, just to rape people? Are you out of your fucking mind?
what about people who make no effort to transition but call themselves trans? Should they be allowed into female only spaces?
No, then they aren't trans and don't get to access female only spaces, but how would you determine whether they are putting in effort or not? Because unironically there's lots of extremely ugly trannies out there who still put up with hormones, therapy and having to walk outside every single day with such a huge target on their back.
Dump her, and find a nice skinhead girl to shack up with
Again, the answer is yes because you're lowering the barrier to entry needed to enter a woman's bathroom. Again, it's a numbers game. Yes, you'll get a few going through the cracks
Do you realize that a man can just enter the women's bathroom and rape someone? God it feels like i am talking to npcs, it literally happens all the time, how are you lowering the barrier of entry when you are requiring someone to go through a lenghty psychological screening and permanently alter their body? And if you think this is really true, then where are all the cases of women being raped in bathrooms by trannies?
you're fucking stupid. The moment that happens, you'd get a flock of people going "what the fuck" and putting a stop to it. If you normalize it, you'll see an increase in creeps. It's not complicated
You are an actual npc, normalize what? People raping women? What makes you think that anyone could get away with raping a woman in the women's restroom? Trans or male or even female they'd still get arrested for doing that, what the fuck are you on about?
I already explained it. Try reading again. And also on top of rapes, you'll also get a shit ton more creeps peeping through the stalls
Oh no, what will happen next to the gaussian distribution curve?
What counts as creeps? Anyone you find ugly? I have already addressed your complain, the moment any tranny rapes a woman in the bathrooms people would still go "What the fuck", if a tranny did that so much worse'd happen considering people have been pushing the groomer and rapist thing for a while by now, so i'm gonna ask you again, where are all the fucking women being raped by trannies? Where are they?
who gives a shit, you fucking faggot
Don't bother, these people are allergic to logic.
Pushing what exactly? That you should treat people with decency even if they don't fit in traditional gender roles?
The average chick doesn't want some ugly fuck peeping through stalls LMAO. It's not rocket science
Most ftm trannies are into men, though.
How about all the retarded propaganda in schools about gender fluidity (books in the library and pushed by instructors too and yes). When I was a kid, my life was friends, school, and cartoons. Not being force fed this retarded sexuality crap. Also companies now have more than 2 options for what "gender you are" which is fucking retarded
in this case a tranny going into a female bathroom would be a MTF.
If they are fetishists in public spaces, you shouldn't.
Again you'll get posers and not all are into men either. They are peak degenerates and you're going to see an uptick in sexual harassment by the trans community.
Yeah it's almost like the option to transition only recently came out. 
People have been wearing the clothing of the opposite sex for millennia
Who cares? I also don't like looking at ugly men when i go to the bathroom, and yet they're still men that need to piss just like i do, so your entire argument literally revolves around feelings, "Oh but think of the women, having to see such creeps (Ugly trannies) when they'll go to the bathroom) that HAS never been a good reason to prevent someone from accessing their specific restroom.
Stopped reading right there.
gtfo my board you filthy normgroid kys
Having one book out of 600 in a library that scratches on the subject of lgbt isn't propaganda, anon. 
Trans children suffer the most bullying in schools, that you don't want to address. 
Teaching kids to respect each other's differences and be kind isn't propaganda. 
Teaching kids to hate those who are different, that's your flavor of propaganda
LMAO this is what trannies default to now when they lose an argument 
"who cares"
my gf watches kick.com/leafy
Oh shut the fuck up, retard. Not even one should exist in a school setting. I also remember seeing a video of some mentally ill lefties bringing their kids to watch some weird ass trannie stripper shit. You mentally ill fucks are grooming.
How is any instructor pushing transexuality? How can you push it? 
When you were a kid, gender non conforming children were relentlessly bullied into the depths of the closet. That's the sad reality you want to uphold
Should all books with sexual content to be banned from schools? If so then you need to ban the bible.
Ok buddy retard, ignore the rest of the reply aside from the first 2 words because your tiny brain cannot form a response to it, btw i am still waiting on one fucking example of trannies raping women in their restroom, you'd think it'd be easy to find thousands of them since it happens all the time.
You have 1 more reply to prove me you aren't clinically braindead, so use it well.
Of course they should. Trans children do exist. It's a topic that should be brought to light. 
You wanting to burry the subject underground is part of the problem. It's pure censorship and a hate crime against trannies. 
You want to invalidate the existence of queer children and their right to an inclusive education.
That sounds pretty anecdotal and generalizing.
Like a vague excuse for being hateful.
You were groomed by church into hating minorities
So telling kids to respect trannies is grooming
But taking kids to church and teaching them to hate trannies is religious freedom and education? 
You preach a hateful philosophy but education is all inclusive by nature
Youtube is your friend
Gender fluidity isn't even a real thing. It's propaganda garbage. From a scientific standpoint you are either male or female. Fake science doesn't belong in a school's library. 
You ranted a lot but you know I'm right
No, retard. The more it's pushed, the more people get brainwashed. You get people that would have been normal "transition" because society told them "transitioning is normal". Propaganda 101
It is anecdotal. My whole point is the more it gets pushed, the more cases you'll see. Numbers game
Telling them gender fluidity is a thing, trying to force this sexual shit into their heads, and exposing them to degeneracy is indeed grooming
I finally reached the bottom of your dialogue tree.
And conveniently degeneracy is anything you dislike, you know what? Dude go for it, bring your kids to churches, i will laugh when your daughter gets impregnated by the priest and your conservative buddies force her to carry the rapechild.
Again you'll get an uptick in all degenerate areas by lowering barrier to entries. I already addressed this. Also pic rel. Further proof a trannie will never be a woman. They do not obtain the same qualities women have
https://youtu.be/xNOBlyvaPKo [Embed]
This shit is fucking stupid and you know it
It's not trans people pushing themselves onto others lmao. Conservatoids know they've lost on gay marriage so they're going after another minority group. They have no policy solutions to any of your problems so have decided to try and create the trans boogeyman to scare you lmao.
No that's it, i'm done entertaining you, if you want a serious reply you gotta show me evidence of one woman being raped by a tranny in women's restrooms.
Raise an actual argument, saying something is stupid has never been an argument, if you think it's stupid substantiate it.
No, retard. The more it's normalized, the more closeted repressed queers will come out. 
Remember when left handedness was considered a sin and strictly forbidden by church?
Remember how left handed children were forced to conform to right handedness? 
Remember when we normalized being left handed, and everyone became left handed? Oh that's right... They didn't. 
Educate yourself
Men can go do that already without pretending to be women lmao, just walk in there
The real experience of a trans child is much less accepting, unfortunately. It's more like society telling them: we hate you please die
Like you're doing right now
except left handedness is genetic but LGBT comes from abuse or early exposure to sex.
The more it gets normalized, the more closeted repressed trannies will come to the light. 
In the end the number of trannies remain the same. The only difference is that they'll stop hiding, and that's what you don't like. 
You want trannies hiding in the shadows
That's an interesting statement you just made, do you any anything to back that up? Or did you just make it up right now?
gender fluidity is a thing
It is
There's nothing being forced into their hands. Queer children exist spontaneously, just like straight children, and they'll approach these subjects spontaneously with or without educational support. 
Education prevents bigotry and hatred from spreading. 
You just invalidate the existence of queer children and the struggles they face with bullying and discrimination inside schools
From people like you
The jews would never allow a proper study to be done. 
rope yourself.
It's grooming and indoctrination, dumbass. Feeding this shit into their heads at a young age to make it easier to brainwash. It's not conplex, tard.
Nigga, what are you even saying? 
No, retard. You end up getting more people that are brainwashed into thinking they are trans when they in actuality are not. Dumbass.
Also what you're basically saying is "people are more likely to come out of the closet". Yes, but you'll also get people that weren't trans become trans due to the propaganda, midwit. It's like you retards have never seen propaganda in action. 
Normalizing = you'll get more men entering = more creep incidents
Ok so you just made it up, i'm sorry to say this to you, but facts don't care about your feelings, buddy.
Nope. I can't identify as a dinosaur because I'm not a fucking dinosaur. LOL anti science idiot
Watch the fucking video, you moron. Shit is all over the entertainment industry too
So why wouldn't it count as grooming and indoctrination when the priest tells a kid who they should get in a relationship with based on their gender?
I like how you know this because you did a lot of research on the subject and gathered compelling evidence as to the origins of sexual behavior 
And not just because you're an angry teenager lashing out the easiest target group
Did the jews make the animals in the wild go gay too?
through hormones in the water? likely
Gender dysphoria is a real thing, and science shows that transition is the best treatment we have so far. 
Your alternative is telling trannies to "suck it up" which curiously mimicks the way normies react to your struggles as an incel
Pic rel
also pic rel here too: >>73057165
You just want LGBT people to live in the shadows
I bet you don't mind when heterosexuality is pushed to little children by Disney
Because that's fucking nature, clown. All you trans try to do is perverse nature as much as possible. Peak degeneracy.
Yes, because heterosexuality is normal and anything not is degenerate and a symptom of jewish sickness. 
We don't want you in the shadows, we want you dead.
Being trans isn't something you can be "brainwashed" into. 
You just keep invalidating the existence of queer people
No, it's not real. Biological science shows only 2 genders. I can't become a fucking dragon just because I want to be a tucking dragon. LOL. I'm not saying people can't be mentally ill and say "if I can't be a lion, I'd rather die". I'm saying from a biological standpoint, there are only 2 genders.
You can't turn someone cis into trans as much as you can turn a trans person into a cis one 
Your whole sketch is presenting transexuality as a contagious disease
The same thing conservatives said about gays 60 years ago. 
Who is straight but became gay due to gay propaganda? You?
Trans kids being born is also nature doing its thing, you utter retard, and yet it's fine if a pedo priest diddles a kid because god intended man and woman to be together, but it's not fine to let them know hrt exists and they can transition if they so wish.
Nature doesn't care about your feelings.
We're seeing it right now, in you. Anti trans propaganda did a number on you, and you're not immune to it
Correct because it's normal. It's literally how nature intended the roles. What you want to do is perverse the roles. Fyi Disney is more woke now so wouldn't surprise me if they push your shit agenda now 
Wrong. You don't have a fucking clue how grooming and propaganda works. You can influence sheeple by beating shit into their head. It's literally how propaganda works. The key to propaganda is repetition. Conditioning. Normalizing. To think grown ass people still fall for it LMAO
Personally I think all pedos deserve the rope, even straight ones or religious ones.
But anon, non heteronormative sexualities are also nature, you silly goose
At least you're honest about not giving two fucks about the wellbeing of queer children, rather the contrary: you're interested in violence against them. 
Queerness is also nature
You hate degeneracy so much you ended up on anonymous chans, the internet hotspot for degeneracy. Isn't that ironic?
And a myriad of gender identities. 
Can you take hormones to look like a dragon? I bet you would if you could, you little freak
Retard. There was never an anti trans movement by the mainstream media. Only a push for it. You've got it backwards
Trans kids being born is also nature doing its thing, you utter retard, 
LMFAOOOOO no it's not, you fucking moron. BEST case scenario it's probably a result of mutations aka fucked coding. What's happening now is propaganda being force fed into people to normalize it which gets people that would have been normal to become degenerates. Mutations aren't exactly "natural" either. They are literal coding errors. It's literally a bugged person. 
and yet it's fine if a pedo priest diddles a kid because god intended man and woman to be together, 
I'm not catholic, lmao. Also very disingenuous. 
but it's not fine to let them know hrt exists and they can transition if they so wish.
No, pushing this shit is retarded. Exposure as an adult? Sure, I don't care, but for those growing up? Literal grooming. 
Indeed, yet trans are very anti-nature in that they fight against their biology
Good, the first smart thing i see you say in the entire thread, so can't we just fucking agree that there's pedos among any group of people instead of trying to say that all trannies are groomers and pedos?
Queerness is also normal, and it's also present in nature. 
There's no perversion of roles here. There are no gender roles in nature. 
The only shit agenda here is the one you've chosen, you little bigot. You really chose the wrong century and continent to be a bigot. Shame on you
queer kids wouldn't be a thing or at least a very rare aberration if it wasn't for people like you turning them that way. Just as you purge the sick cattle from your herd, so should we to humans as well.
Learn what propaganda and grooming is. Also regardless that shit doesn't belong in k-12 or the entertainment industry (namely when kids are the demographics). 
Again, those not hetero are fucked by their shit coding. I'm not saying you don't have people with genuinely fucked coding, but the real issue is trying to turn normal people into mentally ill fucks
Ya, I would
I have, just look at you. A prime example of conservative grooming and hate propaganda taking its roots on a teenager. 
If you could change a person's gender identity through force, there wouldn't be any trannies at all. The sheer amount of heterosexual propaganda we are exposed to in our daily lives would have changed them.
Just like you were conditioned by your conservative environment and religious upbringing to hate trannies with all your heart?
Incorrect. Gays are technically not natural. They are a result of mutations. A result of fucked coding in their DNA. It's like when people are born with skin that is inside out. Is that "natural"? No. That's fucked coding that did that to them.
Anon you are so uneducated you forget how life was like for queer individuals in the 60s,70s and 80s. Dangerous being the main word to describe it. 
Your hatred is only a product of your ignorance
LMAO trans really just hit me with a "no u"
read above. Stop copying me. Be original.
There's an anti trans movement in media right as we speak. Even the video you posted is a small example of that
This nigga skipped every biology class. Do you even know what propels evolution, anon? 
You are so ignorant your teachers should be crying
My hatred stems from groomers and propaganda lovers. When I was a kid, do you think I hated anyone? No. I was watching cartoons or playing with friends. I was being a kid. Nowadays? Kids are being force fed stupid shit. That's wrong. That's grooming. That's propaganda. 
I didn't even hate trans or register them into my head until the mainstream media starting pushing them down people's throats. Simple as that
Actually what's happening now is we are fighting your bigotry and raising awareness instead of hiding away in the shadows like you would want us to.
Your deathly hatred towards trannies is just you being the victim of propaganda, anti trans propaganda. Your favourite flavor of indoctrination
Nigga slept through all biology class 7th grade forward. Embarrassing. 
Educate yourself so you won't look so damn stupid
queer kids wouldn't be a thing
Queer kids have always been, and will always be a thing. 
The only difference is whether or not they'll be shunned and bullied into the closet 
Sad
So how did you turn to be so full of hatred towards anything you can't understand? You were groomed your entire life and told that a man should be with a woman because don't question it ok? Sky daddy said so, kids aren't being groomed into being gay or trans because it's literally impossible to turn someone gay or trans, you have to be born that way, they are merely being told that those people exist, it's so fucking important to do that, so that they don't grow up to be full of hatred towards anyone that doesn't conform, like you turned up to be.
It's what happened to you as you were turned into a hateful chud eternally angry against minorities
You support grooming. Your argument is invalid
Evolution isn't real, you dumb fucking retard. Coding errors cannot realistically create engineering concepts because nature doesn't gravitate towards doing that. Just as you won't get a factory built by a tornado, you won't get a cell from scratch and you won't get all the molecular machines we have from "getting lucky!!". I could go way more into detail. I have some notes I can copy and paste. Maybe I'll post it
Of course we do. We are part of this world and we're done hiding.
The stage is where we shine the brightest
Like you were fucked by your shitty coding and consequently turning into a robot? 
Normal people aren't being turned into trans because that's not really possible, anon. 
Trans individuals are coming out. Learn the difference
Oh btw evolution is retarded and all, but even assuming that retarded bullshit were real (LOL), that doesn't discount what I said. Mutations are CODING ERRORS that erode your DNA. What we're seeing is actually genetic entropy. 
https://youtu.be/pJ-4umGkgos [Embed]
Tl;dr genetic entropy = data shows dna has been eroding over time, not "improving" aka getting more complex aka "adding significance to the DNA chain" 
What we're seeing is a prime piece of code that has been going downhill non-stop
I admire you for your patience btw, i was tempted to step away from this thread at least 3 times by now.
Anon, your biology ignorance is so shameful it hurts to read. It makes you sound like you're 13
But I do understand it. My real issue isn't even with trans themselves. It's more so the grooming bullshit. That and they should not be able to adopt children either. Yikes
This nigga trying to argue diseases aren't natural, lmao 
Anon, natural doesn't mean "things I like".
Learn how grooming and propaganda work
You are not immune to propaganda and anti trans propaganda surely did a number on you.
Your hatred stems from the hate propaganda you consumed online like it was cum. 
Where did it all go wrong, anon?
You fucking retard. There are people in nature born with an extra chromosome. Just because it "happens in nature" doesn't make it "natural" LMAO. When you get ERRORS in your coding, that is unnatural hence why people come out fucked when they have too many mutations. Just look at people that are born near immense radiation. Come out fucked up. Why? Radiation = mutations
Like children being taken to church? 
Do you consider taking children to church grooming and propaganda?
The gender non conforming kids in your school were no stranger to being hated. You should talk to them and get their take on it
You're actually saying being born with defects is "natural" just because it happens LOL. No, mutations aren't your friends
You say it like people just loved trannies 20 years ago.
The fact that media didn't even talk about them was a sign of just how much marginalized and persecuted they were
You support grooming children into hating trannies
who fucking care 
https://youtu.be/D5NXKgn4PhA [Embed]
It didn't. My hatred came about after covid when I saw it being fed down people's throats nonstop 
Read above 
Not propaganda because we in fact were created by a God. For instance, 26 universal constants needed for life destroy atheism. Just to give atheists a fast example, one of the constants deals with nuclear force. Too weak = universe would only have hydrogen. Too strong = universe would only have heavy elements. In other words even with INFINITE time and dumb luck, you STILL wouldn't be able to create life aka not even a single celled organism because you literally wouldn't have the proper materials to work with. 
As for the Christian God, historical evidence supports the existence of Jesus and same with the flood in the form of paintings and stories world wide
No, it's a push out of nowhere. Should every minority ever have their own push? No, because it's stupid.
You support pushing your sexual degeneracies unto children. You're a sick fuck
It's not. Hope this helps
Evolution isn't real
You said I was anti science a few minutes ago, and now you throw that one, lmao. 
Transphobic
Checks out. 
Against evolution
Checks out. 
Hold on a second, just because you don't understand a topic, you're ready to dismiss it as being untrue? 
So you let your own ignorance on a subject taint your opinions about it? 
Oh now I see how you became a transphobe
Why shouldn't they be allowed to adopt children? Trannies are unironically a godsend for kids, because they obviously cannot have biological kids, so they are forced into adoption, instead of putting more people into this world, they adopt the ones that would have otherwise be condemned to a miserable life in an orphanage, i actually know a trans woman irl who did that, it's very wholesome, kids don't give a fuck if their parents are cis or trans, they just want to have the life any other normal kid should have, going to school, making friends, having a parent that looks after them, that buys them toys, clothes, that makes them food...
Good lord, how do you type something this stupid and decide it's fit to share with other people?
I bet your take on the origin of life is so much more enlightened.
Trannies exist regardless of your feelings about them, and I'm glad we're shifting the tides of their oppression. 
That's how gays got their freedom and rights, trannies will soon follow
Ah yes, sexual degeneracies such as existing, don't cis couples push their sexual degeneracy onto kids all the time? When they kiss each other and wear a ring that literally signifies ownership?
The only reason you've been seeing it more is because trans people finally feel safe being openly trans, at least in online spaces. That's why you see more trans people online than irl too. Lots of them are still hiding so they don't get fucking lynched
Anon please, your alternative to explain life on earth is "god did it" and "hebrew fairytales". 
You missed a few key concepts in biology
Like for example, your worth of as a human being doesn't depend on your genome but on your character
And character is something you're lacking right now
Hardly, you still think that people can be turned into trans by "propaganda" (but the opposite is curiously not possible, how convenient)
You really don't want to understand the reality of queer people existing
You said I was anti science a few minutes ago, and now you throw that one, lmao. 
Not an argument. I told you why evolution is bullshit. I bet you don't even understand the argument itself. I'll dumb it down. 
Mutations = natural selection = evolution.
Adaptation =\= evolution. Adaptation fixates genes already present in the genome. 
Evolution needs to create said genes and genomes with mutations. 
The argument is with enough retard mutations, you'll get lucky and get a good one and natural selection will fixate for it. Many issues arise from this. 1. mutations arising are random. It's luck if you even get any. 2. Repair enzymes fix them. So you have to hope you get a good mutation and the hope the repair enzymes don't fix it. Super retarded. 3. On top of this, you need it to have a function for natural selection to even take place, but the issue here is irreducible complexity. For instance a screw in an engine has 0 function. You need a minimum number of parts for an engine to be considered an engine. In nature, it's the same shit. You need a function or natural selection won't take place and so that in itself already acts as a dead end for any type of engineering concept within the body since they require a vast number of components to even have a function in the first place. 
So all this to say the "mechanism" evolutionists cane up with doesn't work.
That and genetic entropy is the final nail in the coffin. DNA has been degrading over time. Not the other way around. 
Nope, I perfectly understand the argument as far as laymen level goes. You don't hence why I had to dumb it down above
I see it right in front of me, anon. 
You were groomed and fed anti trans propaganda and looked what happened to you
*Mutations+natural selection = evolution.
Is their argument 
Retard. I btfod it here: >>73057717
then combine all that with the 26 universal constants and if you're even a little intellectually honest with yourself, you'll start to piece together the lie you were fed. Unlike you I've actually bothered to do some basic research. Not phd level, but as far as layman level goes, I did my part and used my brain
Even if it was a mutation, which isn't the actual cause but for the sake or argument let's say it is, why should it matter? Trans kids now exist one way or the other, and we should strive to give them the best outlook possible for life, shouldn't we? Why does a mutation instantly mean we can force them to live trapped in a body they despise? Literally finding excuses to hurt kids because you don't like trans people.
And you think that isn't natural? Lmao what a retard. 
Natural doesn't mean "perfect" or flawless, anon, quite the contrary. You're conflating your human values with nature, which is amoral and beyond good and evil. 
A down syndrome person is as normal and natural as you, dumbass. Natural doesn't mean "things that appease to me". 
You should have studied biology harder instead of shitposting throughout school. Now you're dumb and uneducated and a transphobe to top it all
what an exciting thread
trannies and furries have a lot in common
including mental illness and weird daydreams they're desperate to bring into reality
You keep repeating this even though I already explained I started hating trans post covid, LMAO the cope
I do. Sorry
I already addressed this. Holy shit, trans are ass at reading comprehension it seems
What the fuck kind of non-argument bullshit was this? 
->>>73057717
It is indeed
I'm not a tranny but I will always defend them. Cheer up. You'll never be alone
It is, lmao. 
This nigga saying that birth defects aren't part of nature. How dumb are you kid?
Trannies aren't being pushed anon. They're just coming out of the shadows, and you don't like that. You literally want them gone for good
What an impervious logic
Trans kids now exist one way or the other, and we should strive to give them the best outlook possible for life, shouldn't we?
Again, I fucking hate propaganda and groomers. That agenda does not belong in entertainment targeted for kids nor in schools. I don't give a fuck what they do in their own time, but grooming is repulsive. 
You dumb bitch. Is it natural to be born with defects? No. It's literally your coding getting degraded.
Natural doesn't mean "perfect" or flawless, anon, quite the contrary.
False, retard. Mutations aren't natural. They happen because your body has hiccups. All it does is fuck your coding. 
A down syndrome person is as normal and natural as you, dumbass
False, retard. They are genetically fucked. I'm not saying that to be an asshole. It's just a fact.
Nothing you said btfod what I said, you fucking simpleton
It's not a push, it's a liberation, just like the slaves being freed. And yes every persecuted minority deserves their freedom, their dignity and their recognition
It isn't, retard. If you're born with skin inside out, that's because of errors that weren't supposed to happen. 
You're a naive idiot 
Not what I said, but you have bo argument so you create a strawman
Your religious reasoning is almost as dumb as you. Jesus was real but he was just a man and he's not coming back. 
You think differently because you were groomed and forcefully fed religious propaganda during your child.
You don't think that was child abuse?
the overdramatic mental illness rn
do you not accept that people influence each other and people will be more receptive to becoming because of constant confirmations and suggestions
my only issue with trans people is the language policing and the infringement on multiple institutions, such as sports, and homosexuals, hijacking feminism
You just want to bully and shun non conforming children into the depths of the closet while you preach that heteronormativity is the only way to live. 
But it isn't
No, retard. I already established why atheism is retarded and evidence towards christianty. Simple as that
No, fool. I don't want kids to be groomed. That's all there is too it
I'm not one either actually, i just dislike this extremely childish behavior and think it's unfair they're being treated so poorly.
You addressed it poorly then, and actually i went back and found out you responded to my comment without even replying to it, you replied to someone else, so not only you suck at explaining yourself, you're also retarded and cannot reply to the right posters. 
I'm gonna say it once again, even if it was a mutation, which it's not, and the fact that you indicate it is shows how little you understand about biology, why should we treat them as lesser and punish them for existing just because of that?
*to
Oh, I forgot about that. I also hate how trans people compete in sports i.e. male "transitioning" and then competing against females
Everything you said is how poorly you understand the topic. 
Just because you don't understand something, doesn't mean it's untrue. Please don't flat earth me. I'm sorry if concepts like natural selection and genetic variability are too much for your religious brain to handle, but know this:
You can see evolution happening before your very eyes on a petri dish if you do the experiment. 
Sadly you want, you prefer to live in religious ignorance. Or "god's grace" as you'd call it.
how little you understand about biology
Lol
I already answered this, you fucking retard. Trannies are so ass at reading, holy SHIT
Holy FUUUCK you wrote a bunch of NOTHING. 
I perfectly explained it in layman's terms and because you were too stupid to address it, you just say "your reasoning BAD!!!!" in a round about way. Mot a SINGLE counter argument against my SPECIFIC points.
Peak midwit
I am going to explain right here how mutations work because you retards didn't study it in HS, you should thank me for doing what the school system failed you.
A mutation is an event that affects a localized spot on a DNA strand, as we all know in this thread you need the DNA strand to have the right sequence of nucleotides, because the sequence will then be converted into an mRNA and then converted into a protein by rybosomes, if there is a mutation, the sequence is altered, and AT BEST the protein will be able to function normally, while at worst it won't function at all, which is why mutations are really fucking dangerous, that has literally nothing to do with being trans.
We know that being trans has to do with a combination of genes and hormone washes received inside the uterus.
. mutations arising are random. It's luck if you even get any
It's not like it took billions of years for that process to take place, right? Your lack of sense of time scales puts your whole argumentation in trouble. 
All you're saying is how unlikely it is for life to emerge from chaos, but that didn't happen overnight. 
If only you would apply the same level of skepticism and critical thinking to the bible verses you swallow as whole truth.
You literally replied to the wrong fucking person you utter tool, i told you so in my previous reply, and now you demand that i go look back in the entire thread to find your reply.
Sounds like you failed the intellectual honesty test when you let the bible pass your critical judgement so easy, without question or inquiry
one flaw in all of this
mutations lead to macrobiology over time, and saying at best it's normal and at worst the dna won't function at all really says nothing, that's like saying you had a 0.00001% chance to become a retard, and that is why mutations are dangerous always
All you're saying is "science hasn't fully explained life"
Which is an ocean apart from concluding "the Hebrew fairytales actually hold the answers"
Religious grooming indoctrination and propaganda before our very eyes
A 7th grader who didn't sleep through science classes has a better understanding of evolution than you. 
Your whole take is simply saying "emergence of life is very unlikely"
Stupidly ignoring the literal bullions of years it took for it to occur.
You're stupid as fuck. Most of what you said was correct, but the main issue with mutations is it makes it so whatever gets mutated doesn't work the way it was initially programmed to work. 
Now I will say it's not 100% known exactly to the t how someone becomes trans, but it's safe to say it had to be a result of someone's programming getting altered. 
Not an argument at all. "Muh billion years" doesn't even address what I said LMAO 
Shut the fuck up, retard. I'm not going back to check something so insignificant. Just fucking read what pertains to you. Simple as that
Sounds like you can't make a proper counter argument
Not so much, you were literally groomed by religious propagandists your whole life, and you grew so brainwashed by them you became one of them.
But when it's something you disagree with, you call it propaganda.
Like taking children to church?
Nothing you said is an argument. Low IQ. It would be like me saying "your momma is a hoe therefore your argument is invalid". Absolute retardation
enough of the fucking strawman arguments. I said the current ideology of mutations+natural selection=evolution doesn't have actual logic to it
You actually lack reading comprehension, i didn't say at bestit's normal, i said at best the protein will function normally, because it's possible the sequence affected on the DNA strand determined a change into the aminoacid inserted that overall doesn't impact the structure of the protein to the point where it folds in a way that makes it entirely or partially non functional, not only that but you have no idea what you're talking about, you need MANY MANY mutations to alter the macrobiology of an individual, not just a single mutation, a single mutation just determines one incorrectly translated protein, it's why multiple combinations of genes are correlated with homosexuality, and a gene isn't a single sequence of DNA, a gene is an entire fucking portion of a DNA.
"The typical confirmed human gene has 12 exons of an average length of 236 base pairs each, separated by introns of an average length of 5,478 base pairs" 
Do you have any idea how many proteins you can get out of that? And the genes are all perfectly functional, it's just a combination of them that leads to this result, and you don't get to say that nature didn't intend for this either, because like it has already been stated this is the literal intended process involved in determining which genes a child will inherit, it's intended for it to potentially result in homosexuality.
These errors are as much part of nature as everything else, retard. 
Nature isn't "things that go down perfectly". Nature is everything. 
You can't even differentiate philosophy from the natural world. You are truly ignorant
Religious propaganda is in fact propaganda. 
But since you believe in it, you call it the truth" and you see kids being groomed by religion as "education". Sounding familiar?
No, people will be more receptive to coming out, instead of suffering in silence and repression
The only thing you established is how poorly you understand evolution and how you chewed on pseudoscience.
at this point you're splitting hairs. Again, mutations aren't something your body WANTS to do. It does it because it fucks up while doing its thing. Split the fucking hairs all you want. Fact is it's DETRIMENTAL 
Nope. I already explained my reasoning given data
Unless they're being groomed by religion and taken to church to be propagandized to hell and beyond?
You're a fucking dogmatic retard that can't even follow laymen level shit. Get the fuck out of my face
Nonono you are extremely wrong, i am going to have to explain to you how proteins work as well, am i?
So...I can't believe it, we are back in HS, a protein is made up of several tridimensional structures, we have the primary structure that is simply the sequence of aminoacids, we have the secondary structure, which is determined bu how the aminoacids bond between one another, and then we have the tertiary structure, which is how the protein will fold accordingly to the acqueous environment found within the cytoplasm, because some aminoacids are polar and some aren't, so they want to distribute accordingly, from time to time we also have a quaternary structure, when several tertiary structures associate in order to form a complex, one such example is homoglobin...So now that we have established this, if we change one polar aminoacid, such as lysine, with another polar aminoacid, such as serine, the protein MAY assemble itself nonetheless in the proper primary, secondary, and tertiary structure, this is what it's called a silent mutation, and it doesn't affect the organism, because the protein is still able to function the way it was intended to.
You literally cannot win with me on this front, i study pharmacy in uni.
You parroted concepts you do not even understand and the only substantial thing you said is "evolution is unlikely" completely ignoring the time frame in which evolution takes place (not million, but billions of years). 
You say DNA is degrading but you cannot even explain what it's degrading into, and what has it been degraded from. 
You just chose an author which reinforce your religious point of view and you shielding your ignorance behind it.
You spoke like someone who completely deciphered 100% of the brain's mysteries, and how single genes affect the mind as a whole. 
From a gene to a functional protein? Yeah we got that covered. 
From a protein to how neurons grow, interconnect and shape the human mind? No we are still very far from uncovering that mystery 
You simply do not know what causes trannies to exist. No one does.
Mutations are neither good nor bad. They drive change in the cell and that change can be beneficial, neutral or deleterious. 
If you see someone applying morality to molecular biology, that should give you a hint of the person's bias.
I can make an educated guess based on how we understand homosexuality to work, i never made the claim that a single protein misfolding could cause someone to be trans, it makes no sense, and i argued against it in >>73058014
this post.
That's how improvements happened in nature, anon. By chance. One aminoacid at a time, enzymes with improved functionality had greater odds of being replicated than defective enzymes. 
Your ignorance is showed by your highschool level of understanding about the topic
Of course it does. Your whole point is how unlikely it is for a mutation to go all the way from occuring to surviving the self repairing mechanisms of the cell, and then cause an actual beneficial change in the organism. 
It is unlikely. That's why evolution took billions of years to go from single cell organisms to you. 
Your ignorance on the topic doesn't make the answers any less true. This is the opposite of religion: you don't have to believe it for it to be true.
I do want to add that mutations can only ever be beneficial when taken out of the context of the body of the creature taken into consideration, a mutation can only ever be damaging or silent at best, however when you take a mutation and you apply it to the environment suddenly there is the potential for it to be beneficial, and that has to do with evolution.
Sounds like you hold scientific claims with utter criticality, but when it comes to religious scriptures, you believe in it without question or thought. 
Funny isn't it?
I said the current ideology
It's not an ideology, it's a theory, anon. Ideology is the religion you believe in blindly. 
mutations+natural selection=evolution doesn't have actual logic to it
Of course it has. You're just too stupid to see it. 
Mutations promote changes in the organisms and throughout time, natural selection will favour the organisms with advantageous changes, while cutting off the organisms with deleterious ones. 
In long time scales, advantages are accumulated and speciation happens when organisms are so different from each other they can no longer breed. 
You can observe this happening in real time in a petri dish. You can use this in your favor to breed completely novel subspecies of animals. We literally did that to dogs. 
I don't understand it therefore there's no logic
Wrong. It's actually this way
Now that's more likely
Saying "Someone's programming getting altered" doesn't explain in the slightest anything, it's a blank statement that carries no meaning, and on top of that you will use the implication that the alteration is negative to literally justify why trans kids should be pushed into suicide.
Or improve its function. Which is how advantageous changes occur and are positively selected for
Stop conflating your own moral values with nature, retard. Nature is not a conscious thing. It neither wants nor cares. It simply is. 
The same nature that gifts a couple with a healthy baby will birth a defective child that will suffer horribly until death. Nature isn't loving, caring, it doesn't care about your feelings, it's chaotic.
I just wanna say you so much for defending us, i left this thread when the bad people started posting, and now i see that a couple posters have been arguing to defend us this whole time, thank you so much, it means the world to me!
The only "data" you gave is 26 universal constants and whatever other pseudoscience bullshit you consume to make your beliefs sound less absurd. 
Why don't you view the bible with the same skepticism you view science? 
Why do you believe in bible verses as some godly truth, but you don't do the same for other ancient scriptures and different mythologies?
Don't hide your ignorance behind a christian author, anon. Put your beliefs to the same scrutiny you put scientific findings
Yep, science and data truly is the antidote to chuds, good fucking riddance.
Transphobes will always try to make you feel like you're alone and defenseless, but that is never true, anon. Never forget there are people here that accept you as you are and we will fight to defend you. I'm not even a tranny but I never shy away from defending them from bigots. 
You are never alone
Thank you so much, your reply made me tear up a bit but out of joy, its because of people like you that i still post on this board.
This board is shit and to be fair anyone would benefit from leaving it, but I don't judge you being here because guess what, here am I. 
Just know this is a place for hatred and prejudice to thrive unchecked. Don't let it get to you. You are so much better than this place. You deserve so much more. 
These chuds are only targeting trannies for the same reason any bully chooses their victims: the minimum common denominator, the weakest, the most obvious target. It's almost too easy to hate those who don't fit in the gender dichotomy of our world. But remember they also hate non whites, jews, women, whores, or basically anyone that's not them. 
See beyond their hatred. See what they're trying to hide. Behind these angry chuds wishing death on trannies, there is a hurt, frail, frightened boy desperately trying to know what it feels like to step on others after a lifetime of being stepped on by everyone
You are never alone, sisteeeeeeeeeeeeer
Kek
walk me through it. Why are you trans? When did you "realize"? Why not just be gay?
It's not. Think of a game that has bugs. Those bugs are fucking shit up and doing unintended things that goes against what was intended.
If there's anyone I hate more than trans, it's retards that can't make proper counter arguments. "Muh tiiiiiiiime" isn't an argument. That's just dogmatic retarded belief. Just because a tornado for instance can create a factory from scratch doesn't mean it's going to fucking happen. You morons just slap "muh time" as the fix all solution to retardation
You misunderstand. I clearly understand the big picture logic of evolution and can spot the flaws. The big picture logic is really not as complex as others try to make it. You don't have to be an expert to understand 101 shit and be able to spot fundamental flaws
No, it doesn't, retard. Even with infinite time, you will never get tornadoes building cities from scratch. Just because something "can" happen doesn't mean it will. You can get struck by lighting a billion times in a row. You can win the lotto a billion times in a row. It's technically "possible", but possible isn't probable.
Ask god, I was born this way. For as long as I can remember, I always felt like a little girl. I gravitated towards every single girl thing in our world, while rejecting everything male oriented. I can remember being 4/5 yo and sneaking out of my parents view to wear mommy's clothes and put on make up. 
Of course my family tried their best to fight it my entire life. Beatings, grounded, privileges taken away, going to sleep without supper, sent to church counselors, church groups, church therapist, they spent my entire life trying to change me and lock me in the male box. 
So fast forward to me at 16, presenting myself as a cisgendered straight person to society, severely depressed, suicidal, cutting myself, thinking about running away, ending my life, or just cutting my balls with scissors and burning the house down. 
Luckily I found a support network of queer friends who saved my life in everyway a person can be saved, and slowly I learned to affirm my presence at home and fight for my right to be who I was in my family's house. 
They kicked me out when I was 18, but I got a job and was able to afford transition. I've been on hormones for a few years now and I've never been happier. I never lost contact with my siblings, they helped me through it all, and I recently got in touch with my father again after years not spoking, he wants to see me again this year so I guess things are slowly getting better
What age did your parents have you?
I know I would be better off leaving, but I don't really have any friends irl, in all the spaces I frequent, so this is one of the few spots where I can socialize, it's so scary to do so irl.
I remember my therapist used to ask me that all the time, it just hurt so much being in this body, being forced to see it change in horrible ways against my will, I realized when I was 16 and I started to grow body and facial hair, it disgusted me so much and ruined how I looked, I was so ashamed of it even if it was normal for boys, I was also working out a lot to try getting a more feminine body, but I realized it didn't work at all, it didn't matter how many squats I did, my butt word never look round and full like a woman's, because fat simply didn't go there, I was just so disgusted with my body, when I realized working out wouldn't save me, that my bone structure was changing to make my face look sharper and I could do nothing about it, I got really depressed and tried to ignore these feelings, I have been depressed since I was 18 and it lasted 4 years, it progressively hot worse, I stopped going to college because my class was filled with women and it would give me intense jealousy, I lost all my friends because I didn't have the energy to reply back and meet with them, I stopped going outside because I was ashamed, I stopped working out because it was pointless, at times I didn't even have the strength to eat, I would just spend all day crying in bed and staring at the ceiling, I realized that if I kept ignoring who I was I was going to die by suicide because life was so painful, I started taking the meds 2 months ago and I am so happy now, does that explain why I couldn't just be a gay man? The pain is invalidating, it encompasses every aspect of your life until it becomes unbearable and makes you end it.
So instead of trying to empathize with my story, you'll try to shift blame for me being trans on my parent's age? 
Anon, if you spent less time trying to find a culprit for trans people existing, maybe you would understand us better
My mom was 26 my dad was a few years older, literally don't know his age
Please be very careful with your father, just some months ago a trans person was effectively tricked by their parents, I am sure you heard of her, the name escapes me right now, just be careful... Who know how he will react upon seeing you, and also I am so sorry you had to go through all of that, it's so unfair.
That's the key concept you missed in biology class
There's no intention. You're thinking about intelligent design, the religious take. 
Nature isn't purposeful, it doesn't have a reason, a moral, or a value, it is neither right nor wrong, it doesn't plan things, it doesn't intent for anything. It's pure chaos. 
You are so ignorant about evolution, dude. Talking about intention is just a sign of how much you failed to grasp the key concepts
A disease is as much part of nature as the organism affected by it.
Again with the hair splitting. Again, I'll dumb it down. Mutations are DETRIMENTAL. We had a near perfect coding that has only gotten fucked over the years by mutations. Mutations lead to disorder, not the other way around. If you want to say that's "natural". Fuck it. Go ahead. I don't care anymore. Fact of the matter is it is DETRIMENTAL to organisms despite the retarded propaganda that is shoved to people saying mutations "can be good if you're lucky enough!". 
No, fucked coding is NOT good. Preserving our code IS good. Deviating from that coding leads to fucked shit such as mental and physical downgrades (learning disabilities, fucked organs, skin inside out, etc.).
Incorrect, retard. Just read this:
Maybe with that dumbed down version you can comprehend what I'm saying. Or maybe I expect too much from some retarded high schooler
Of course it is. Why can't you address it properly?
The unlikeliness of life emerging out of chaos pales in comparison to the time frame it took to do so. 
A tornado can't create a factory, but your analogy oversimplify reality and make room for misconceptions to arise. 
A tornado can't build a house, but if you boil a molecular soup for millions of years, you will get self replicating chemical reactions. Give it billions of years, and you get a single celled organism. Give it a few more billions of years and you get multicellular organisms. 
You simply cannot argue against this time frame. What do you say about the fossil records? 
We have fossils of stromatolites that lived 3 billion years ago.
It's not a factory, anon. It's chemical compounds reacting in a liquid mean. Please refer to it by what it is. 
Your analogies dumb it down to your level.
Said the brainlet who thinks nature has intent. 
Tell me why don't you hold bible verses to the same skepticism? Why would you believe ancient scriptures blindly without question?
A game was produced by someone, us humans, with a specific purpose in mind, nature doesn't care, nature will give someone a healthy child, and to other people it will give them a miscarriage or worse, the comparison makes no sense whatsoever.
Again, your analogy dumbs it down and allows you to derive misconceptions. 
Tornadoes won't build cities, but swarm of chemical reactions will produce, given enough time, self replicating patterns. That's what you are.
Just because you cannot comprehend the huge time scale at play, and the enormous amount of time it took for each single mutation to add constructively into the building blocks of life, it doesn't make it any less true.
It only means you're ignorant. 
On what basis do you claim that billions of years are not enough for organic patterns to emerge from inorganic chemistry?
Oh I see your mind is slowly broadening its horizons. 
You got to admit it is possible. 
Who said life is probable? As far as we know it, we are a bejeweled exception in the vast emptiness of the universe. 
Give it billions of years, and the possibility of life becomes a certainty
Well I hope he's not ill intended. He's getting old. I like to believe that he fears dying without making mends with me. 
But I would definitely see him in a public space. He has seen pictures of me post transition, I think he's aware of what I look like
Again, it's not. I already addressed it properly. Just because something can happen doesn't mean it will. That's a fact.
Again, there is no proof that suggests being trans is a mutation, trans people suffer exclusively because of subhumans like you who make their life hell by making it impossible for them to get the medicines they need, by constantly attacking them, calling them groomers, degenerate, pedophiles, and then, when they inevitably fail to pass, because you have made it so they cannot get access to medicines, you have the balls to call them ugly and disgusting too, no trans person would be unhappy if they were allowed puberty blockers and then hrt, and if they weren't treated so poorly by assholes like you, I wish nothing but misery upon you and cancer upon your loved ones.
Until they aren't, lol. Which is exactly how evolution works: the one in a million mutation that affords advantage to an organism will be positively selected, increasing its chances of getting forward in the genetic chain. 
That's the part of evolution you are so ignorant about: mutations can be neutral, deleterious or advantageous. 
You can literally "evolve" a patch of bacteria in your home, with petri dishes, with the power of natural selection, and make them build resistance to a certain antibiotic. All of that with the thriving force of mutations. 
You are so ignorant it hurts
You really don't have any evidence to substantiate this claim, but I'll entertain you:
How did this "near perfect coding" came into being in the first place?
Alright, just, you know... Don't get your hopes up and prepare for the worst, if I were you I'd let him die knowing I despise him and never intend to see him again, but you are far more forgiving than me.
Sad retard doesn't realize we went from prime code to fucked code. Downtrend, not uptrend like what evolutionists imply
LMAO it was just an example to point out how mutations aren't a good thing. You focus too much on the example rather than on the actual point
Tornadoes won't build cities, but swarm of chemical reactions will produce, given enough time, self replicating patterns.
You clearly have no idea what the fuck you're saying and my example was perfect because just as nature doesn't gravitate in creating factories, it also doesn't gravitate in say creating cells from scratch. Absolute retard. 
You got to admit it is possible.
That was never the issue, retard. Just LMAOOOO
That's not how it works, moron. You won't magically get "A" to happen if I just give you "biwions of yeaws". 
Your religion is luck, but to the most extreme degree.
Mutations lead to disorder
Deleterious mutations are more likely to be spurned by environmental selection because they'll cause disadvantages in the organism. 
Alternatively, advantageous selections will improve the organism, making it more likely to thrive and spread that gene forward. 
This is such a simple concept, the fact that you can't understand the very basis of evolution shows how ignorant you are about the whole thing
But that's wrong, you idiot. You can literally have a mutation that makes you immune to a disease
This has nothing to do with propaganda. You are letting your moralism get in the way of your understanding of simple biology 
Mutations are not always deleterious. That's how evolution happens. Some mutations will give rise to improvements in an organism
No, but with deductive reasoning you could see it's probably what it is since normal coding makes you straight. Common sense would dictate something went array with a trans coding. We are in fact programmed to be straight. That is our prime coding. The only way to deviate from that is from mutations. It's like say excel. You highlight a column you want to let's say add, it will do that. If let's say the coding pertaining to that feature got fucked by whatever may have caused it, it will no longer do what was originally programmed and probably come up with an error. No proof this is the case with trans since little is known, but it would make perfect sense to assume that's what happened.
Think about it. Can I become gay? Maybe a few brainwashed into thinking sexuality is fluid, but logically no. I can't just become attracted to men. Why? I'm not programmed to do that. Simple as that. My coding says "women are hot".
Even in pure mathematics this sentence is flawed. As you approach infinity, any possible outcome with a likelihood of more than 0 of occuring will certainly occur. 
If your calculus knowledge is as pathetic as your biology one, that will just be another concept you're too dumb to understand. 
Life emerged on earth. We have a story to explain it how with fossil records to substantiate the tale. 
You just have mythology and faith.
The actual point is dependent on your example, if you aren't able to provide a valid example to back up your point, your point has no ground to stand on, you tried to equate a bug in a game to being trans, as both are mistakes, and I disproved how being trans is a mistake, find a better way to prove that is is retard, I'll be waiting.
If transexuality was genetic, you would see a correlation between trans siblings, trans parents and trans children, and sadly there is none. 
The curve distribution of transgender people indicate more chaos and less genetics involved.
Except they are :) LOL. There are a few cases and if you use the slippery slope fallacy and say "see? There was this mutation that made this bacteria not get infected by a virus!" you can then pretend everything is a result of mutations, which is fucking retarded. I already addressed all the issues above. Namely how we have many engineering aspects within our body that can't have been a result off of one mutation, but the issue is that even if you get a mutation thay could be useful in the future, it's mot relevant. It would have to be relevant day one to be fixated. For instance, again, an engine. Engines have screws, rotor, valves, etc. Is any of that useful by itself? No. Engines have a minimum number of parts needed to be functional. Evolution doesn't have foresight. If it can't make use of something day 1, it won't get fixated by natural selection. Simple as that.
Do you have any evidence to substantiate this claim beyond wishful thinking? 
How did the prime code come to be? And why did it degenerate?
I literally posted a link above related to genetic entropy and even did a tl;dr. There is ZERO genetic evidence that we came about from scratch. Evidence suggests a downtrend such as pic related when it comes to our DNA. It shows DNA has only degraded with time. Not the other way around
Evolution never implied uptrends, you are once again lost in your own misconceptions because you are seeing nature through the lenses of "good and bad" 
The same evolution that brought you here, brought about the bacteria in your gut. You are both adapted to your environment, equally as evolved. Evolution isn't an uptrend. It's a constant rate of change. 
You are very ignorant about the inner workings of evolution
Yes, you cannot become gay, but it's known that being gay is a consequence of several combinations of genes and their interaction with the environment, perfectly healthy and working genes capable of producing perfectly healthy proteins, there is no "negative" or "error" involved, just because most people are straight it doesn't mean a deviation from it is inherently unhealthy, and even if it was, what about it? Are these people not entitled to the best life they can live? Are they not entitled to being understood and accepted for what they are?
Until they are. 
When a mutation is advantageous, it is positively selected for, and that's how evolution happens.
Deleterious mutations are more likely to be spurned by environmental selection because they'll cause disadvantages in the organism. 
No mutations are nearly always harmful or neutral. By mere chance they MIGHT have a benefit, but usually with a down side attached to it so not even a 100% net gain. Even the neutral ones are bad in the sense that they contribute to making the DNA coding more eroded with time. 
You're such a fucking retard. I already addressed this shit.
ITT: trannies seething
Nigger is an screw an engine? Yes or no? If you say yes, you're fucking braindead. You're falling for the slippery slope fallacy. "See? Here's one example therefore everything is a result of mutations!".
Fyi genetic entropy fucks you. Ignorant retards LOL
It isn't, it's very flawed, because real living beings aren't cities and evolution isn't a tornado. Your allegory opens room for misconceptions, that's why you chose it. 
All you have are misconceptions about evolution and little else. 
One building blocks at a time, organic chemistry arises from inorganic compounds over the course of billions of years
LMFAO you dogmatic sheep don't even research shit. My logic as far as natural selection goes and irreducible complexity along with genetic entropy is correct. I get I'm hurting your feelings because I'm making you question your faith, but holy shit, you clowns just swallow everything without thought. I used to actually believe in evolution until I actually did some independent research and actually understood the fundamentals to it (which are shit)
Cells aren't created from scratch. They took millions of years to arise from simpler chemical reactions. Lipids to form its outter layers, aminoacids for catalyzing reactions, and dna for preserving information.
False. For instance if you had 1 chance to get a lotto ticket that has a 1 in a billion chance of winning, are you guaranteed to win? No. You'd have 1 in a billion chance. Again, just because you CAN win doesn't mean you will. It's not complicated, midwit
It's not magic, anon, it's science. Billions of years are a time scale so large that your simpleton brain can barely begin to comprehend it. 
The irony os that you discredit the scientific theories for being nonsensical...
But then you believe a deity created it all through literal magic and left a holy book for you to follow 
Tell me which one if these believes are more absurd?
Why do you think most people are straight then? Random? Why don't I want to fuck a box? Why do I want to fuck chicks, but not a door or a car? Exactly
How does that disprove what they were talking about? You utter retard, if you had infinite tickets, you would be guaranteed to win.
And your religion is "Hebrew fairytales"
I'll take the chemical evolution of life in the primitive Earth's ocean throughout billions of years, please.
For that we have fossil evidence. Do you have any evidence claiming otherwise?
Yes, as your number of bets approach infinity, the odds of you not winning never approach zero 
You are as ignorant about calculus as you are about evolution. Go back to school, kid
Because in order to reproduce a male needs to fuck a female, that is why you don't want to fuck a car, in 4 your point will be "So since reproduction is required any person who strays from being straight is a net negative"
Which isn't true because for example all the trans and gay couples greatly contribute to society by adopting orphans, thus further allowing for the human specie to thrive.
Weren't you the one who said nature had intend, that our genetic code was "perfect" in the past, and that mutations are always bad? Seems like you're the one bringing moral dogmas to biology. A beginner mistake.
It isn't. Advantageous mutations are still selected over time and propagate evolution. You haven't said anything to disqualify this, much less given any piece of evidence 
You are literally a bible worshipper trying to disprove science
Aren't you the one who literally believes in the bible? 
Seems like you're the one who has a faith that is being confronted by evidence
Drop or dick down your gf
But anon, in this conversation alone you got every fundamental fact about evolution wrong. 
You haven't understood it at all, far from it. Your conclusions are derived from poor understanding and misconceptions
It's possible it's not heritable and it's just straight up random. There really isn't enough info online on this shit because even scientists don't get it yet, but in the same time there is a reason most people are straight. Look at this pic. Some people here are going to say "well society got more progressive so that's why there's more lgbtq. Because people feel safer coming out of the closet". That's true, but also bullshit to say that's ALL that happened. 
Are you really going to sit there and tell me 20% of boomers were lgbtq, but 18% were too scared to admit it? You really think THAT many boomers were in the closet? You really think the REAL amount in America was ALWAYS 20% like it is with gen z, when times are hyper progressive? I don't buy that. 
I see it as a combination of feeling safer, propaganda (not the same as feeling safer. Just straight up brainwashed), but also genetic entropy (which is a fact btw. Genetic entropy shows mutations are cumulative per generation. Don't believe me? Go watch some Dr. Sanford on youtube). 
So again, scientists don't have a solid answer due to how complex these bodies are so they are still trying to figure it out, but I think it's highly reasonable to associate coding errors with sexual orientation going against the norm. 
EVEN from an evolutionary perspective, it would make ZERO sense to want anything other than straight people because the whole point to life is to REPRODUCE. Trans and gays are not wired to reproduce which goes against the "survival" purpose given to organisms. Even evolutionists say evolution gravitates towards SURVIVAL (natural selection being the "great filter to get the essential parts in there"). 
How would it make sense for trans and gays to contribute to that purpose? It doesn't.
Genetic entropy. Look it up. I already made a tl;dr above. Like 2 or 3 of them 
LMFAO get a load of this retard. Evolutionists say we cane from single celled organisms to multi celled. News flash, you fucking retard. That's an uptrend
An enzyme is neither, and an enzyme can be subjected to change in time, changes that can be detrimental to its functional, or improve it somehow. 
Given enough time, the building blocks of life come together and a greater pattern emerges from chaos. 
A living cell is not an engine, it's much more than that. It's a self replicating chemical entity.
There is zero genetic evidence that we came from anything other than scratch. 
You didn't present evidence. You showed one book written by a Christian pastor. Please enlighten us on the evidence that our DNA has degraded when compared to past humans
You need to rant to her about how trans people control everything and are evil satanists.
I have already explained >>73058959 in this post why despite not being able to reproduce, they are nonetheless beneficial for humanity.
And even if they weren't beneficial in any way, how does that justify hatred towards another human being? It doesn't, don't try to find excuses, just own up to it and say you dislike them, I promise you even trans people will be happier to hear that, because at least you're being honest instead of being a weasel.
There are a few cases
Glad to see you are slowly starting to understand. You went from "mutations are always bad" to "they can be good sometimes" I see an improvement here. 
And that's exactly it, dumbass, lmao. Sometimes, mutations carry advantages to the organism. With enough time, every single protein of that organism can be optimized. That's how cells grew and improved their metabolism, going from prokaryotic to eukaryotic, from unicellular to multicellular. One mutation at a time, every single celular function was improved. 
With the rise of multicellular organisms, the possibilities stretched into infinity.
I can tell you've never read a biology book.
Tell your wife you are an imbecile and ask her to put you on an adult school.
Cells aren't created from scratch. 
You fucking dumbass. That is literally the bases of abiogenesis
because real living beings aren't cities 
Cells are literally cities, Lol. 
"Biwwions of years is science". That's not how it fucking works, midwit. You can't just get some improbable retarded bullshit, slap in some lazy "biwwions of years" and then say "see? Science!". That's literally like having luck be your religion. "Anything I want WILL happen with 100% guarantee as long as we have biwions of years!". 
There's nothing to disprove there, you fucking dumb monkey. It's literally just me stating a basic probability of something occurring LMAO 
You DON'T have "infinite tickets" though, baboon. Just lol. Also even with infinite time, it doesn't mean everything in the realm of possibility will happen. That's not how it works. You will never get say multiple earths with tornadoes in all of them that create a perfect replica of the cities as we know then today. In reality, tornadoes don't fucking do that shit even though it is technically "possible".
One mutation? We are talking about millions and millions of mutations, taking place in the span of billions of years. 
Each new improvement passed down to the next generation. Each new advantage being preserved. These changes accumulated over time, giving rise to all genetic variability we see today. 
You are seeing this process in such an oversimplified , dumb perspective. 
Life wasn't the product of one mutation, anon. But millions of them. Over and over. Throughout billions of years
LMAO bitch. Reread what I said. Say you turn on the fucking tv for some lotto shit going on. Say you buy a ticket. Are YOU guaranteed to win? NO
That's NOT how it works. This board is killing my brain cells.
I wonder how many times will I have to post this picture until you address it. 
Queer people aren't being fabricated. They're just coming out.
Because in order to reproduce a male needs to fuck a female,
That's LITERALLY my point 
all the trans and gay couples greatly contribute to society by adopting orphans
From a biological standpoint, they are dead ends is my other point. Holy fuck I can't even
Weren't you the one who said nature had intend, that our genetic code was "perfect" in the past, and that mutations are always bad? 
Because it's true, dumbass. Go research genetic entropy
Holllllyyyyyyy shiiiiiiiiiit, you retards can't fucking read
I LITERALLY ALREADY EXPLAINED HOW NATURAL SELECTION WORKS
HOLY
FUUUUUUUCK
Absolute RETARD just repeating what *I* already fucking stated.
Until they aren't. 
Advantageous mutations are selected and preserved, making multiple generations of an organism basically accumulate advantages, becoming more adapted to its environment. 
If you can make your cell better at breaking down sugar by changing one aminoacid in the kinase enzyme, You've got a tiny little molecular advantage compared to other cells. 
Give enough time, and this process can make cells arrive anywhere: from developing internal organelles with specific celular function, to developing celular structures designed for locomotion. All it takes is changing one aminoacid in one protein.
And these benefits are
Selected for
Passed along
Accumulated over time
Your inability to grasp this simple process is just you playing dumb. I guess you don't want to challenge your religious beliefs in the end
Not at all since my main focal point was about evolution, but I also already pointed out 2 pieces for the christian creator in particular 
Just because you can't accept what I said doesn't make it wrong, sweetie
Given enough time, the building blocks of life come together and a greater pattern emerges from chaos. 
That's a religious belief. Not a fact
A living cell is not an engine
We literally have molecular machines within out cells that have engines, dipshit. LOL
There is zero genetic evidence that we came from anything other than scratch. 
again, genetic entropy rapes this
Again, midwit, an engine has a minimum number of parts, correct? It has no function which just a fucking screw. Again, like I fucking said above multiple times. Evolution runs into dead ends. Especially in the beginning stages where a mutation that isn't beneficial day 1 will NOT get fixated by natural selection. Illiterate
If the mutation os neutral, how on earth is the dna "eroded" by having it? 
Your understanding of genetics is precarious
This board is fucking retarded. Dumbass. I mentioned "one" mutation ti point out how if a mutation doesn't result in a function day 1, you dob't fucking get it fixated by natural selection. For instance, we have molecular machines in our cells. If I gave you one part out of say 100, that won't do shit. Say a machine needs 30 of the right parts in the right order to minimally function, what the FUCK is it going tk do from steps 1-29 without a function? You won't even make it that far because steps 1-29 having no function = no natural selection which means no evolution. How the hell do you not get this?
Yes. 
You do realize gays are still killed lawfully in half of the world, right? Being too scared to admit is a pretty reasonable thing for a lot of people
You really have no authority to say what evolutionists are saying, you've gotten every evolution fact wrong in less than an hour, it's clear you have no understanding of it. 
Before you embarrass yourself any further with this uptrend bullshit, let me remind you both you and a bacteria are equally as evolved.
LMFAO I literally said:
In order to address THAT logic you're using. FUUUUCKING BRAIN DEAD RETARDS. I wonder if there's a correlation between trans and retardation along with shit reading comprehension.
Gain in complexity does not mean uptrend. The same single celled organisms continue to thrive abundantly in our world. 
You are so ignorant about evolution it hurts to read
the purpose is to make people mad about something. unironically. look at how (((fox news))) is freaking out over them while (((cnn))) is freaking out over transphobia. it's just the newest distraction from the issues that really plague us because that threatens (((their))) bottom line.
already addressed this retarded logic here:
read above
Thin about it, retard. Say you have a program. Say there was a fucked line of code. Say it didn't actually do anything particularly bad. It still eroded the overall code. Then factor in how mutations are cumulative. That means you'll keep getting more and more eroded coding. They are neutral until something breaks. Erode enough, and you'll get left with shit
No. Again, I SPECIFICALLY said AMERICA. NOT the world. 
Google it, tard. They straight up say life gravitates towards survival and natural selection acts as the main mechanism to ensuring survival. Pic rel, lazy sack of shit
But it isn't from scratch. The primordial soup contained all the building blocks for life, heat from the earth, radiation from the sun, electric potential lightnings, and a series of self replicating chemical reactions. It wasn't "from scratch". Life emerged from s very solid base of chemical reactions until one molecule emerged, a molecule different than all others: one that could fight entropy by making a copy of itself before being destroyed. With the first self replicating nucleotide, life was one step closer to conquering the earth. 
It wasn't from scratch. You're just too dumb to grasp the complexity of it. Your reaction?
Claim it wasn't true. 
Great flat earther. I hope you would do the same for bible verses
I know there's nothing to disprove, I have been arguing alongside you the whole thread lol, was just backing you up.
I have proven to you how they are still useful to humanity and you simply refused to acknowledge it, what about infertile men and women then? Or women born without a uterus? Or men developing infertility throughout their life because of medical conditions? I bet you have no fucking problems with them, cause they aren't filthy degenerates of course.
Nope. Done reading. This was the dumbest shit I've ever read. So gaining parts is not actually gaining parts. LMFAO do you fucking hear yourself?
Said the guy who skipped all his biology classes in school and now acts like a complete buffoon online. 
An engine contains trillions and trillions of atoms, but a protein contain only a dozen. Let that sink in for a while
We have fossil records, anon. It's called stromatolites. They're the oldest known fossils, and they date unicellular organisms to at least 3 and a half billion years ago. 
Dying to see how the bible explains that one
It literally means that. Learn 2 math.
It doesn't matter if you consider America or the world, even to this day being gay isn't fully accepted by a lot of people, and we have had time to wraulp our head around gay people existing for decades by now, so if you were to make a census of the population that is openly gay, the percentage would still be lower than the actual percentage of people, exclusively because it is still not socially accepted, if you were to repeat the census a decade from that point the percentage of gay people would be higher than last time, the same is true for trans people, a percentage of the population was ALWAYS gay or trans, they were simply afraid to come out for good reasons, end to this day we still don't know the actual representation throughout the population, this is true always and everywhere, not equally, but it's true everywhere.
No it isn't. You are just very ignorant about biology in general. Life doesn't have meaning purpose or intent behind it. 
The same miraculous process that gives birth to a healthy baby will also birth a defective child that sufferers for years until an early death, and both children are equally part of nature. 
You are the one bringing morals to the equation
But it isn't from scratch. The primordial soup contained all the building blocks for life, heat from the earth, radiation from the sun, electric potential lightnings, and a series of self replicating chemical reactions. It wasn't "from scratch". 
I recommend you watch some James tour vids related to this
and yes that's literally from mother fucking scratch, imbecile. 
Yes technically they can be useful, but I was more so talking about reproduction itself as that's out main purpose. You know what though, we're all degenerates since all out coding is fucked. Just some more than others. End if the day we're all headed towards extinction due to genetic entropy. I just don't appreciate the media and businesses pushing what I deem to be grooming to children like what was shown in the video I posted way above. Lines need to be drawn. For instance trans (mtf) shouldn't be competing with women and schools need to not talk about it period. School has one purpose and politics/sexuality shouldn't play a role
Hey bud I think the rate of crazy schizoid might just be insanely higher among your trans friends.
The flood myth? Lmao is that the basis of your faith? Hebrew bible has a flood myth, so it must be true? 
Every culture has a flood myth, anon. Rivers flood. River based civilizations, including the one that created the bible, were impacted by rivers flooding. 
It's incredible how skeptic abd cynical you are towards science, but when it comes to the bible, you're extremely gullible and will just accept it without any challenge or critical reasoning
There's nothing religious about it, it doesn't require supernatural beliefs at all. It's a theory that relies on observation and fossil records. 
What does your Bible rely on? Myth?
Lmao. That shit has slipper slope written all over its Also the Cambrian explosion through evolution either and those aren't even my words. Pic rel. Also none of that is related to my points but whatever. I've repeated myself a shitton of times as is
You know what is the keyword there, anon?
Molecular. 
A machine made of aminoacids. It's perfectly feasible to be assembled constructively by chaotic process, starting from a basic backbone chain of aminoacids, and then each single mutation that changed an aminoacid and proved to be advantageous to the functionality of the protein got passed along to the next generation. 
In time, a single protein can be optimized for any possible shape and any possible function in a cell. One aminoacid at a time. 
No tornadoes needed. Just time. And lots of chemistry
*isn't possible through evolution 
Not that it fucking matters but when I was in college I got an A on my bio class. You're a retarded high schooler. Also that bio class wasn't even about evolution. Taking bio doesn't magically mean you'll know or not know about evolution. That's what independent research is for. Try it some time
I don't care. It doesn't btfo what I said above. You still need a function day 1 to have natural selection fixate for anything. I already explained with why it's retarded to believe an engine came from mutations, but whatever. Keep ignoring it
Yeah, like a few aminoacids bound in a chain? That's the minimum we are talking about here, anon. A few dozens of atoms. 
You would think that the more complex the protein, the longer it took to arise in the evolution of life. 
That's why our ribosomes are so similar to those of bacterias, and yet ours contains a series of "improvements" that were gained through random mutations selected throughout time. 
Every advantage is passed on. One building block at a time. 
You are too stupid to comprehend this.
No, you don't get it, dumb monkey. An engine in our cells works in similar ways as engines you see in real life. No, having your little rotor by mutations creating it by mere chance (which in itself would require multiple mutations) isn't "enough" to have a function that will have natural selection fixate for it. You're an idiot trying to overcomplicate the simple to hide how retarded this shit is because it hurts your feewings
Evolution runs into dead ends
The dead end of evolution are the organisms swiped away by selection. 
Sometimes you forget what the true meaning of mutation is: one different aminoacid
By having one single different aminoacid, a protein will be a tiny bit different, and if it is a tiny bit more efficient at its job with this mutation, than that gets passed on. 
The new generation has that new protein plus that 1 different aminoacid. Now if another mutation happens, and changes yet another aminoacid, the protein changes a little bit more. The shape is changed, its properties are changed. If that turns out to be advantageous, the organism is selected for and that new gene is passed along. 
One aminoacid at a time, these tiny changes in the proteins accumulated. One aminoacid at a time, proteins were improved and perfected by sheer chance. 
One aminoacid at a time.
The dead end of evolution are the organisms swiped away by selection. 
I already fucking said this FUCK I hate repeating myself
Mutation is a fucking coding error for fucks sakes. Pic rel
The rest of your post is fucking idiotic and straight up reads like copypasta Lol. Again trying to hide the bullshit with jargon. Keep your religion. 
Minimally I hope you at least research "genetic entropy" in your free time (I know you won't).
That's the problem, lmao. You don't care about the explanations that show why and how you are wrong. 
It does btfo what you said. By making macroscopic analogies, you fail to grasp the scale we are talking here: aminoacids. 5,6 atoms in a molecule. One single mutation, one single aminoacid in the wrong spot. A tiny change to the conformation of the protein. A tiny change in its functionality. 
With time, these tiny changes are accumulated into macroscopic events such as you being smart enough to type words, but dumb enough to comprehend them. 
You show all your skepticism to science, but when it comes to hebrew mythology, you accept it blindly. That's the problem here
No no, just stop. You want to pretend you're btfoing what I'm saying when you're not. Is a screw an engine? Yes or no?
The most important role a school provides isn't teaching any of the silly subject that you will rarely use in your life, even thought this thread single handedly proves some retards weren't taught biology, science and math in school.
The most important role is to socialize the kids and make them decent human beings and productive members of society, IT IS PARAMOUNT that the kids are taught that diversity exists, that gay and trans people exist, so no, fuck you, that Needs to be taught in school, schools have always been an inherently political institution, because if you control what kids learn, you get to control their political leaning, so you are absolutely fucking wrong on that
Trans women, depending on when they started hrt, should be allowed to compete against female athletes, because it is extremely well understood that a kid who was on puberty blockers and then immediately went on hrt at 18 had a very similar development when it comes to bone and muscular structure to women, obviously you cannot have a trans woman in her 40s that just started taking hrt a year ago compete with women, but you don't really see that happen, do you?
There you go, you said it yourself, get your head out of your ass and accept that just because you deem it grooming, it doesn't mean it is, reality doesn't care about your feelings buddy.
Mutation is a fucking coding error for fucks sakes
And sometimes theses errors will bring changes in the organisms that are benefiting and advantageous. That's how evolution happens. 
You missed biology classes and that's a hole in your curriculum I cannot fill
Emphasis on the word "minimize". Our repair mechanisms are not 100%. Some mutations will go through the scanning and pass along. 
Some of these mutations will be beneficial to the organism, and these are the changes that will be selected for by natural selection
If you keep scrolling down on that article you will reach the part about evolution. 
Don't run away from it
Hell no. Schools shouldn't be pushing sexuality one way or another. Neither should the media. Neither should entertainment. I don't want my tax payer money going to dumb shit like indoctrination. 
And sometimes theses errors will bring changes in the organisms that are benefiting and advantageous. That's how evolution happens. 
I already FUCKING addressed that, you fucking idiot. Fucking hell, I'm done. I'm so fucking done with repeating myself. 
I literally got an A in it during college, Lmao
Cells don't contain either, but they do contain molecular machinery that can change through time, one aminoacid at a time.
Each new advantageous mutation will be statically more likely to be passed on, and that's how evolution happens.
See how evolution really happens in cells.
More complicated than your screw analogy. Your analogy only reveals how poorly you understand the topic
It doesn't work in the same way at all, a molecular engine has the ability to change, either through mutations that make it more beneficial to the environment the creature finds itself if, or through negative mutations, in which case the animal dies off and the negative mutation isn't passed on, an engine doesn't have the ability to improve itself, it will remain static throughout its life span.
Except for it's nanoscale and it's propensity to be highly affected by small environmental changes, like having one aminoacid misplaced during synthesis. 
It's through errors like that that evolution happens. 
One mutation at a time, with accumulated effects, over millions of years, and you can build an enzyme for basically every cell function
Do you realize that even people that write peered reviewed papers use sources from contradicting views? Just lmao, moron
Emphasis on the word "minimize". Our repair mechanisms are not 100%. Some mutations will go through the scanning and pass along. 
Are you fucking trolling me? I fucking said this shit already. Scroll the fuck up and you'll see it was the FIRST thing I said when talking about repair enzymes. FUUUUUUUCK I hate illiterate tards 
LMFAO I'm getting trolled. Again, addressed above. I'm going to get an aneurysm. This board needs an IQ test per IP address to filter the fucking idiots so I don't have to keep repeating shit
Yet you are completely fine with books being banned from schools when they don't support your world view, what else, are you also against sexual education in schools?
If you change only one aminoacid (1 mutation) that causes a small change in the protein that turns out to be advantageous, that's a day 1 advantage that you're talking about. I don't know why you are ignoring this possibility when it's pretty much a reality. 
You only need to change one aminoacid to improve the protein. One at a time and you can go far.
Anon, you sound like you learned biology in bible study, no offense
so should you, this is entirely uncontroversial for people who have taken the time to educate themselves, you have been sold a bill of lies.
Please address the stromatolites, the earliest fossil record of living beings on our planet
I'm done. I can't deal with you idiots anymore. Go do some honest research online related to genetic entropy. I'll leave it at that. You won't though. 
btw you stupid bitch, pic rel
You nitpicking bitch. You want to focus on the specific example instead of the point? Okay, fine. Both real life engines and engines in our cells have rotors. Is a rotor a fucking engine?? Yes or no. Simple yes or no question. Can you say yes or no or is that too complex of a task for you?
It doesn't. Both you and a bacteria are equally as evolved. One day you will die and decay, but the bacteria wil thrive on your carcass. If an asteroid hit our planet and killed us all, bacteria would survive abd thrive. 
Evolution is not an upward scale. If you are surviving, you are evolving. That's all.
This comment was meant for you btw>>73059673
Good, fuck off.
Yes they were
Go back to bible reading if you can't handle a bit of science. 
A molecular rotor didn't arise from nothing. It evolved from simpler molecules that slowly changed throughout time. 
Each new change that brought an advantage to the overall chemical function of the rotor was preserved. 
As millions of years passed, the motor took its current shape, optimized by the combined power of mutations plus selection.
From simpler to more complex. If only you could do something similar with your intellect
You talk about genetic entropy when in fact it's the thriving force of evolution. 
As mutations happen and accumulate, selection will see that organisms with advantageous mutations will be more likely to pass on their genes, accumulating that advantage in the pool. 
You only remember entropy when you talk about degrading the code, but you forget that the same thriving force can be used to improve it thanks to selection pressures of the environment. 
Go back to high school. You missed some important classes. There are gaps in your knowledge that you have filled with religious dogmatism
So the sources of scientists are contradicting and not good enough for you...
But the source of the bible (...?) Is perfectly fine? 
Your contradictions denounce a lack of understanding of the topics being discussed
trans has nothing to do with science it has to do with whether or not people should have the right to force their religion on other people that don't want it (the religion in question being the one founded on the civil rights movement in america)
look at the books the nazis burned. it isn't the first time.
No you haven't really addressed. Day 1 advantages, nanoscale changes to aminoacid chains, advantageous mutations, all of your "problems" with evolution have been thoroughly explained, but you ignore everything that's been said, instead you just curse and throw a tantrum in caps lock
I guess those are the argumentative tools for someone who is wrong and getting desperate
The rotor itself is useless is the fucking point, midwit
Yes I did, jackass. 
This is called gibberish. Hiding behind copypasta jargon. No, a rotor won't do shit by itself thus no natural selection this no fixation
"jews" is just a cypher for finance and finance is pushing it because the american government works for them and the endless expansion of civil rights law is how that government has gotten around the constitutional limitations of its power since the civil war
No it isn't. It's an enzyme. It catalyzes a chemical reaction. In its more primitive stages, it was probably much less efficient. 
See atp synthase, that protein that your mitochondria uses to produce energy. 
With only its primary back bone, the molecule is already functional and it can spin, but at a lower velocity and decreased efficiency. 
With each passing mutation, each one bringing another aminoacid to the game, it's shape was gradually improved and perfected. It's efficiency increased. It evolved into the full molecular motor we get now.
And this was the second greatest evolutionary milestone in the life of our planet, losing only to photosynthesis. Atp synthase was a game changer, and it spread throughout the globe. But it didn't start in this magnificent shape. It started as something smaller, weaker and much less efficient 
Go back to biology classes. You didn't learn it well
The "rotor" you speak of is an enzyme that catalyzes a reaction, do you even know what that means? It means it makes the reaction happens faster, easier with less input energy. 
Before taking it's final stage as a motor protein, it had some previous more primitive shapes that got the chemical job done, albeit less efficient. 
Through mutations, it's efficiency was increased one aminoacid at a time, until it was perfected by millions of years of mutations And selection. 
We have extensive evidence of this by analyzing co evolution of genes in different species. 
But you only see what you want to see, and you don't want to see science and answers. You want to see god and the bible. 
I suggest you go back to church where you took your biology information from.
It's no one's fault if you don't understand what is being said at you, do big words scare you that much?
pro-trans and pro-darwinist people get into these insane arguments about genetics and molecular biology and the hormonal development of fetuses and whatever and none of that shit matters at all
i do not care if someone is actually factually a woman trapped in a man's body because even if that's the case i refuse to accommodate your disability (which is my view is of the same order as being a shit ugly incel)
Here's a diagram for children, it might be more of your speed 
It may help you understand how a mutated and misfolded protein might give rise to new chemical pathways that might prove advantageous for the cell metabolism
It means it makes the reaction happens faster, easier with less input energy. 
How the fuck would a floating rotor from a part for a molecule machine do anything other than nothing unless it was part of said machine? Do you know how rotors work? You're saying all this stupid bullshit like "oh it was actually 'enzyme that catalyzes a reaction'l the fuck reaction are you referring to? So many fluff words with no meaning. 
This is the equivalent to saying "this part used to be used by the fridge and eventually navigated itself to the oven". This is fairytale mental gymnastic bullshit
I suggest you stop copying and pasting and also research genetic entropy too :)
You won't because you're not intellectually honest.
reasonable people do not encourage or allow their children to cut their dicks off just because they have a sad about self-image and the historical status of women and queers in society
All you're literally doing is copying and pasting images and pretending you're some fucking expert when you're just a high schooler. I see through your crap, kid 
Sorry, but no. Everything I said is 100% valid. Especially genetic entropy. We are in fact degrading, not improving. And all this mental gymnastic to try to justify what "part A did before being part of this machine!" is literal fairytale garbage. Just to even get the mutations needed to create a rotor is in itself retarded luck. You'd need mutations to just so happen to work together which is retarded because there's no coordination i.e. "I need these specific mutations to keep moving the project forward".
i'm starting to think there was something socially valuable in the suppression of left-handedness
I think you are conflating things here... The rotor is not a part of a molecular machinery, it is the very molecular machinery. 
Before being a fully functional rotor, it assumed a more primitive simpler shape that still had the active sites to interact with substrates, making it a viable enzyme for a chemical reaction, but it was less efficient. 
With newer mutations, its efficiency was slowly improved. The molecular machinery at play was improved by cumulative changes in its structure that was selected for and passed along the gene pool
What part of that you don't understand? 
A not so efficient molecular machinery suffered mutations and the advantageous mutations were positively selected for and accumulated throughout time. 
Easy piggy for non retards, it might not be your case
i am going to make it illegal to study biology
The reaction catalyzed by the enzyme you posted
I begun this discussion thinking you had some understanding, but now it feels like you don't know what an enzyme is, what it does, and what it has to do with proteins...
Anon you're the one who posted a rotor protein enzyme... And now you ask me what reaction it catalyzes? Did you post a radom protein you found online just because it looked cool without not even knowing what it does? 
Do you even know what enzymes are? Jesus Christ how old are you
why have the jews done this to me
No, it's like saying: this fridge was improved throughout time with each new add-on that increased its efficiency. 
You can't even get the allegory right because I think you aren't even understanding what we are discussing here
It makes perfect sense for those who know the least about biology
So much for someone who got A on bio and who doesn't even know what an enzyme does
Good thing no parents encourage their kids to cut their dick off, literally never happens, you made this up right now, but you know what does happen? Circumcision, which is literal mutilation because it serves no fucking purpose, happens all the time, yet we bitch about the surgeries trannies get when they become adults.
If the mutations aren't beneficial the animal will die and not pass on the faulty genes, evolution has all the time in the world to induce the very specific mutations required to have an improvement, as the time available reaches infinity, the possibility of a rare combination of events happening becomes a certainty, we have gotten over this already.
You don't know anything about engines LMFAO. This kid just exposed himself as a copypaster jackass trying to come across as intelligent. Copying and pasting shit way above their level without actually knowing what they are saying. I may not be some organic chemist, but just LOOL. Do you not know what the fuck makes up a basic engine in say your car? Do you even have a car? Pic rel, midwit. Rotors are LITERALLY components for engines. They aren't their own thing
Can you substantiate this claim with any evidence? 
You sound a tad ignorant of biology when we're discussing high school level concepts and you keep calling it "fairytale". 
Coming from the guy who believes in the bible. The irony escapes you
I already did above for FUCKS sakes. Here's a tip. 
Find on page -> tl;dr
you'll find it
i am going to cut your dick off i am going to remove the entire penis i am *not* going to turn your glans into a clit or give you a fake vagina hole
What a weak dunk based on a technicality, literally doesn't address anything of what was said in their post.
im going to do it and the jews will not stop me because i have god on my side
And millions of years. Luckily life had those at plenty. 
It wasn't always a rotor. It started of as an enzyme with a simpler shape. The growth of its tridimensional shape into a rotor is part of the evolutionary process of that singular protein, which might have taken millions of years, and it may have started with a single peptide of 10 aminoacids or so
Bunch of retard LMAO 
Evolution doesn't work because irreducible complexity is an actual thing just as how it is in the real world i.e. a rotor isn't an engine. Ir's just part of an engine and you need mote than that for a function 
genetic entropy is real (search page -> dr. jon sanford)
and 26 universal constant absolute FUCCCCK athiesm beyond belief
Quoting a book by a Christian pastor isn't giving evidence, anon.
You're free to try, buddy, get close to me and I'll riddle you with lead.
Are you an adolescent? You sound like one.
So you view molecular biology and fossil records with utter skepticism
But when it comes to the bible... "26" constants is all the evidence you need to believe in it?
Kid you can't expect anonymous strangers to fill the abysmal gaps in your education
Stupid, keep up. First of all LOL for calling a rotor its own machine. Secondly a rotor is a rotor. It didn't have all these extra bullshit mutations that from randomly function enzyme to "oh now I want to do something completely unrelated and be a rotor for this machine even though I have no foresight on said machine!" 
You have any idea how retarded and impractical it is to get something that works for one thing to magically work for another without any sort of foresight? 
Here. Why the HELL would it slowly evolve into a rotor in the first place? Answer that. Why the hell would it sacrifice it's previous tole to then somehow know to create a rotor that would perfectly fit into the molecular machine as we know it today? There's 0 logic for a transition like that
you better keep that thing on you buddy because im out here
watching
Except the dude was a die hard atheist until he found out about genetic entropy. He literally never mixes the actual science with religion when he talks about it, but keep coping.
Insults are the arguments of those who are wrong. 
You're looking at motor proteins, the flagella of a Bacteria, but if you only look at the final stages of evolution, it will look like pure magic. 
But if you delve into the underlying complexity of the process, you might see a few patterns left behind by billions of years worth of evolution. You'll see the path that particular cell structure could take, from one single motor protein, to this magnificent ensemble. 
A flagella didn't start like this. It started as something much simpler. It grew in complexity with advantageous mutations selected throughout time
They literally said the rotor was "the very molecular machinery" showing they don't know what the fuck they are talking about
i don't like looking at fagella i like looking at vagina
Pic related you will see different types of flagella of different bacterias, and you'll see they're mostly different but most if them share an inner core. 
That gives you a hint that this inner core was the first key structure of this protein to emerge. The flagella evolved differently for different strands of the bacteria. 
If you look at it deeper, you can guess what the earliest flagella might have looked like.
It didn't start at its current shape. It got there through a long journey
Literally a pastor raised in church, lmao. As much of an atheist as you. 
He made a math model that agreed with his conclusion that evolution is mathematical unlikely. Shocker. Self confirmation bias is a disease you are afflicted with now. 
You are skeptical towards science, and embraces religion without question. That dichotomy cannot be overlooked
I had never heard genetic entropy once previously to this thread, and I took an exam on both biology an genetics, no teacher of mine ever mentioned anything about this, I google this shit and I find it linked to creationism, I think it's safe to say it's bullshit.
people in the thread don't believe in creationism but they think they can create a vagina where none existed before
And even if that was wrong, how does it disprove everything else they have mentioned? People make mistakes Anon, I study pharmacy and even I do when it comes to these subjects, it's not exactly simple stuff, they don't teach you how ATP synthase works in HS, there's a reason if "The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell" became such a popular sentence, because that's all you are expected to know in HS.
This is a very dumb take. 
It didn't start as a rotor, it started as a spinning molecule, that's all. It provided torque in exchange for chemical energy from atp. It didn't need a rotatory shape or a rich ensemble of molecular gears, but it also had reduced effectiveness. 
Both the rotor protein and its anchoring structural proteins coevolved together until they reached a shape and configuration that completely maximized their energy input, and so they were improved by evolution. 
One aminoacid at a time. 
You only look at the final product and you think "oh an inteligente designer must have created this "
Such nativity I can forgive. What is unforgivable is you thinking that this intelligent designer was coincidentally the jew god and hos jewish diasporic fairytales contains the truth
Surgery is real contrary to creationism, I can observe the former and it's miraculous results while I am expected to believe in the latter and given no proof, cope harder.
That's not the process that took place. Once again you only have misconceptions to guide you. 
A rotatory protein got each time more improved into the optimal shape to do its spinning work. It's really simple.
Insults are the arguments of those who are wrong. 
Not at all. For example if someone says "1+1=3"
And I say "no, retard. It's 2". Am I wrong just because I said "retard"? No. Not how it works, but nice try 
Again you basically said "started as enzyme that helped with 'reactions' and then slowly for some weird ass reason shaped itself into a rotor and then for some other weird ass reason other things such as the stator and and hook (who also were doing their own thing before) magically were like 'hey! Let's team up! You rotor! I'm the stator. Go inside of me!" etc.
Absolutely retarded. It's not just retarded for the rotor to come from random enzymes that were doing their own thing, but then the other components would have had to have done their own thing, become their own specific part of the end goal (the engine) and then magically come about together and magically connect and magically have the perfect shape to fit with one another too. This shit is nothing short of a religion
Evolution doesn't have whys, reasons, morals or logic behind it anon. That's once again you putting your own moral values into a thing that simply is
what if it was kid rock singing "i am the bull god" but instead of bull god it was jew god
They were both auxiliary molecules that started off with simpler shapes and co evolved together into a shape that maximized their efficiency
That is false. You don't know what you're saying. Pic rel. Their own words, not mine
We don't have the complete recipe for how flagellas came to be, and we never claimed to have it. That's the beauty behind science: there's always room for more learning. 
What baffles me is how you could think that science's explanation of motor proteins are insufficient...
And then you just believe in the bible without any questioning.
You're missing my point. They did their own thing, shaped themselves as a rotor after many generations for no fucking reason at all, same with the stator and the other components, and then they all telepathically communicated and said "let's team up, bois. Let's form an engine. Oh shit, your part perfectly fit too. That's fire!!". Just Lol
Remember when we didn't know why the moon didn't fall into the earth, and religious people said "because god made it so"?
We don't have all the answers, anon. But the beauty of science is that, opposite to religion, it compels us to look for more answers and dig further. 
100 years ago we didn't even know dna existed. 
Today we are discussing how the inner contraptions of flagellas work.
Try to take a step back and appreciate the evolution of our knowledge. 
And before you're over, ask yourself: in a 100 years from now, how dumb will I look for trying to say god is responsible for something that had a scientific explanation?
Lol there's other reasons to believe in a God. Evolution being retarded as shit is just one(and genetic entropy is the end all be all. I am just focusing on the mechanism itself because of no reason in particular other than the fact that I felt like shitting on it). The 26 universal constants is another big one too. Too much engineering on both biological and universal scale to simply pretend was a coincidence
Tell me where you see the moralism in your picture
what if instead of "animal crackers in my soup" it was unnatural proteins in my poop
Man don't start with this bullshit to justify your beliefs on how "things came together because why not". 
You want to know what's the biggest issue with evolution? Ingenuity. It lacks the foresight to create engineering concepts yet you want to attribute it to "we got lucky, bro!". 
It's like if the mona lisa were in front of you and instead of saying a dude painted it, you'd default to "nature did it by a sequence of random events".
Evolution being retarded as shit
You can witness evolution in a petri dish, but you seem to be too retarded to do it. 
Again with this pseudoscience bullshit? 
You can marvel at the complexity of life and wonder about intelligent design all you want, but the moment you adhere to a particular mythology and take an ancient scripture and blindly take it as the whole truth, you abandoned all semblance of intelligence. 
So much skepticism for science, but blind faith for religion? We could film evolution under a microscope and it wouldn't be enough to convince you. You have been swayed by dogmatism
You mean how "organisms gravitate towards life"? Literally google it, kek. It's plentiful. I can post more pics if you want
Evolution isn't retarded, it's a compelling story based on evidence of how life on earth came to be. 
You're just too simpleminded to appreciate it. 
You accuse evolution of nonsensical, and then you adhere to myth. 
Very inconsistent
A good theory regarding mitochondria is that they originally used to be separate organisms that then were absorbed by cells, and just evolved alongside the cells throughout history, perfectly complementing each other, there is good evidence for it too, I don't see why it would be that unthinkable for two proteins that used to serve separate goals to unite in a quaternary structure in order to complement each other.
You can witness evolution in a petri dish, but you seem to be too retarded to do it. 
I already addressed that as a slippery slope, Lmao. Just because there can be a few examples doesn't fucking mean it is fair to attribute it to literally EVERY fucking aspect of EVERY organism. I already stated this
The 26 universal constant isn't about "muh complexity", retard. It's the fact that you'd only get ONE chance to get all the values right or you wouldn't get life.
A thousand years ago, people used god to explain the things they could not understand. Gravity. The sun. Childbirth. Rainbows. Lightnings. 
Today you do the same. Your god is only a shield for your ignorance
Your reason to believe in God seems to stem from discrediting anything else, even though we have actual evidence regarding evolution, while sky daddy has yet to be proven to be real.
No lucky needed when you have a planet sized petri dish and 4 billion years.
Nature created much more than the mona lisa, and it all emerged from chaos, where it all shall return
It's a fairytale where people say a lot of "what ifs" and pretend that's how it happened
Because that requires thought. You need coordination. You'd literally have to mutate a blueprint to imprint it in DNA that says "aight. You guys. Stop being separate. Team up and form an engine".
Organisms self preserve is neither good nor bad, it simply is. As everything else in nature, nothing has a purpose or a reason to it. 
On top of biology, you skipped philosophy classes too. Probably only went to bible studying
As opposed to the actual fairytale that you call bible and you believe blindly? 
The beauty of science is thar you don't have to believe it for it to be true.
They didn't serve separate goals. Their functions were intertwined from the very beginning. Their evolution was correlated like a dance
Ignore this information one more time if it helps you sleep
I btfod it. So did many others like dr bergman, dr james tour, dr john sanford. I didn't mentioned them much here, but those are some references you should look at if you actually want to be academically honest with yourself which you don't because you don't want to question the established dogma 
None of this was a counter argument, but okay
Bottom was for you-> >>73060670
So you admit evolution can happen, you just disagree with the scale of it?
Glad to see you're a little tiny bit less ignorant 
Evolution happens to bacteria on a petri dish today. It happened on the primitive oceans 4 billion years ago. It will keep happening to all life for as long as there is life.
Organisms self preserve is neither good nor bad, it simply is. 
That was never my point. My point was organisms have a purpose which is to survive and reproduce. Anything other than that means something within the organism went array 
The beauty of science is thar you don't have to believe it for it to be true.
evolution isn't science. I know more than you on the subject. I'm just a layman, but the average person doesn't fucking google shit or use common sense to picture shit in their head 
You're talking out of your ass
I know, it's just another pseudoscientific bullshit a bible worshipper came up with to justify his delusions. 
Like believing in the bible because rivers flood. Hilarious
So you admit evolution can happen, you just disagree with the scale of it?
Bingo 
Nope. That's a religion. Not science.
Didn't you just admit evolution happens in different scales?
Such unbiased opinions they must have
imagine believing that your ability to shitpost on 4chan is the result of a billion year process but not believing that god did it
How not? People have claimed that the things we can't explain about the universe are the evidence of god, only for science to advance and explain it further. 
You do the same now. Even though we can literally peer into the genetic code of living beings and explain human genesis, you will pick up the gaps in our knowledge and use them as some onus probandi fallacy to justify your god. 
You're so skeptical about science that you believe bronze age hebrew mythology
Keep coping, jackass. Pic rel
They don't. Purpose implies meaning. Organisms don't even know they exist, they're simply following instincts blindly. That's not purpose. That's not intent. That's chaos.
evolution isn't science
It is science. Just because it hurts your Bible worshipper feelings, doesn't make it any less scientific. 
You really cannot address the fossil records 
You missed too much time in bible studies and now you are ignorant
So that's your reaction to being disproven? 
Motor proteins that worked together as a mechanism, did so for very long even before they attainted their optimized molecular structure. They evolved concurrently
That's a religion
That's the bible you worship, darling. 
Nonsensical. Evolution brought about the diversity of life on earth. Not your phony hebrew god.
Delusional
Reread everything. You'll get it if you try
They literally source atheists, Lol 
26 universal constants show 1 chance to get it all right or you're fucked and you get 0 life. You are free to believe we got lucky, but I see it as idiotic given one chance. Genetic entropy also shows a downtrend with our DNA and that mutations are cumulative per generation and that we're headed towards extinction. Nothing implies DNA is getting "better". Only the contrary which directly contradicts evolution's whole concept of single celled to multi celled organisms
You probably missed math classes too, but that's called a self confirmation bias. 
You already got 1 life. Anything else will be you extrapolating supernatural meaning from that. 
Don't forget you're going to die, sweetheart
Lol. First you say the constants are fake science and then you backpedal 
The purpose is survival. Stop trying to fudge shit to fit your narrative
It's not
You didn't disprove shit. You just said random bullshit and stated it as fact
No, darling. Evolution is a religion. 
It didn't, but feel free to keep believing it
Nothing implies it's getting worse either. 
It simply is. Once again you have trouble seeing beyond your own religious moral framework
What is fake is you using arbitrary number of scientific constants to prove your favourite brand of deity. 
Come back in two years and check the number of constants again
You sound like a fucking retard. Let me put it this way. Pretend the big bang was a lotto ticket. Pretend the chance of it happening the way it did was 1 in a trillion. We got that winner ticket despite the other possibilities. Just because we "won" doesn't mean there was no probability involved if we default to the atheist world view. For instance if I bought a lotto and won a mil, me winning doesn't magically make the odds OF winning 100%. The low probability was still a factor
False. Research genetic entropy
the constants remain the same value. What the fuck do you mean "check again in 2 years?" The hell? Did you see the fucking source? It's not some creationist website LOL
Once again the self confirmation bias. Once again you extrapolate supernatural meaning from the fact that you exist. 
I wouldn't have a problem if you went full holistic deism and talked about a higher being. 
But you use all this bullshit to justify believing in bronze age hebrew mythology. 
Out of the window it goes, all your credibility as a "skeptic of science". 
You're not skeptical. You are religiously indoctrinated. There's a huge difference. 
Whatever scientific Discovery is made, you gonna look it through the bible lenses,and if it disagrees with the bible, you will stick to the bible
False. Open a biology textbook and not a book written by an evangelical pastor
The problem aren't universal constants, dumbass. The problem is you thinking they give legitimacy to hebrew mythology
it's the wheat and the tares, anon
Once again you suck dick at understanding probability 
You're not making an argument, kiddo
No, faggot. The constants themselves do not prove the identity of a specific creator. It hints at ingenuity from a creator because you're only other option is "we got lucky with just one chance". More chances increases probability of something happening. One chance = you're fucked. Here are your options basically
1. You believe the constants were engineered by a creator
2. You believe we got lucky as fuck
3. You believe the universal constants would be the same no matter what (which is bull since the mass of the big bang itself most likely influenced them so you'd have to assume the big bang only had one way to develop meaning we just got lucky there too from sheer coincidence) 
4. You believe in infinite universes and we were just one where the big bang/universal constants were perfectly situated for life (infinite universes is scifi btw). 
All require coincidences other than the creator. Feel free to be biased instead of looking at things at face value.
it's a darwinian struggle for salvation and it's not our place to judge
Uh, bump
Orginal
Fucking dump her you dumbass
A woman who disagrees with you on something as basic as 'Chopping your dick off is bad' should never be entertained
There's no such thing as a 'transtrender'. The very idea itself is rooted in irrational delusion.
Normalizing trannies effectivelly means normalizing pedophilia. You may as well make child rape legal.
Do you genuinely think this is a good argument?
Are coincidences impossible now? Weird fucking coincidences happen all the time. The fact that you're here trolling with shitposts is proof enough of that.
Splendid argument
Not the same guy but you're fucking retarded. How about going to Reddit? Seems like more your speed.
You do realize your own argument disproves you, right? Left-handedness increased very slowly over decades despite being such an extremely in-born thing - which is exactly what happens when society represses something: it changes slowly. Meanwhile, in a world which is supposedly making progress only very slowly and is supposedly "enacting a genocide of trans people right this second" saw increases by thousands of percent within like three years, proving it to be a trend and chosen identity, not in-born and not repressed.
I like hot trans girls in porn but I never see any irl
Tell that to all the kids molested by pastors and priests. Religion sure had a lot power over them. Maybe stop thinking that things on TV are real.
This argument again?
did I say impossible, retard? Why the flying fuck do you think I had 3 options for coincidences if they weren't in the real of possibility? Use your fucking head, retard
This is whataboutism. At least public school employees actually perform useful function for kids wheras all priests do is scare them and/or molest them.
*realm
I'm going to sleep now
So then the conclusion is obvious. "We got lucky" is the only option that's remotely plausible, and you've provided no reason that cosmological constants prove anything beyond that we got lucky.
Both are bad.
Originally
yes, all men are scum. but that is no argument for enabling more scum to enter female only places, victimize women and have a say in the matter of what women want, need, should or should not do
You're already compromised
Public school employees are so utterly replacable that millions of parents do their job on their spare time via homeschooling. The main advantage of school is the socialization with other children, not the teachers themselves.
Priests generally make almost no money from their job [their daily wage is below minimum wage] and usually only survive because of another profession or specialization. They also provide a moral fabric to society that a morbidly obese, childless, alphabet-identifying mid twenties woman could never bring to the world in her lifetime.
Its also just a daycare for kids to stay in because most parents work full time
Hey guess what? Christcucks are just as delusional as trannies.
Uhh, bumperinoes!
Really, who cares unless you're a tranny. Your girlfriend has probably never had to interact with them irl, if she did she might change her mind lol
Your gf is based then.
That's not how it works, you absolute retard. You're trying to fudge reality to fit your views
How so? Do improbable events occur or not? Are you saying no one has ever won the lottery? Why is us getting lucky once harder to swallow that all-powerful intelligent alien that dosen't obey the laws of casualty?
You can tell intelligent design is utterly bankrupt because it dosen't actually explain anything. If I look at a species, say those begbugs who gay rape each other with barbed penises, evolution gives us an actual reason we can understand. We you say "God did it," it's on you to explain how and why God did it. Just giving credit to shit for God is useless unless you know enough about God to explain the universe around me, and literally no creationist has ever given me a good reason for God to specifically create gay rape bed bugs, or anything else for that matter. As soon as you start to ask any question deeper than "Did God do this?" the whole thing falls apart because theists aren't interested in actually explaining the world, the way science does, it just exists to get you to shut up and conform or else. I'll give creationism some credit if it can come up with (1) testable hypothesis that would be true in a created world and false in a lucky one.
Here's a link to the rape bedbugs:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traumatic_insemination
In case on of you oh so brilliant theists can explain the intelligent design behind them.
Idk how else to dumb it down for you. The 4 options I listed are ALL belief based, but you are in fact limited to one of the four. I never said coincidences can't happen, but in the same fucking time just because something CAN happen doesn't mean it WILL which is what your dumbass isn't getting. I CAN win the lotto a billion times in a row. Doesn't mean it's going to happen. Nice try with the mental gymnastics tho
I assume you've heard of Occam's Razor?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam%27s_razor
Let's say that your car goes missing and your neighbor suddenly has a car that looks exactly like, down to the last detail. He claims it's a second, totally unrelated car and his flying magic uncle from outer space gave him this one, which happens to look exactly like yours. Are you going to just let it go and let him have the car because your theory and his theory of how he got the care are both "belief based?" Or are you going to assume the simpler and easier to understand story, that he just stole the car and is lying to you, is true?
Also, I hate to be nudge, but if you do believe in God then please explain why God created this:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traumatic_insemination
If the world is intelligently designed by an all-knowing creator, He must have known and intended for there to be gay rape bed bugs. Given that gay rape goes against what's in the Bible, we can conclude that the Bible is not an accurate description of the creator of bed bugs, and once beg bugs are uncreated then you can apply the same logic to literally everything in the universe.
Literally none of this is relevant. 
Here's a better example. Say the Mona Lisa was in front of you. What would be more probable. That a person painted it or that nature did it? Nature CAN do it by itself. Doesn't mean that's what happened just because it "can" happen.
How the fuck should I know, lol? There is weird horrid shit all over the planet such as animals eating kids, torture shit, etc. That existing as a concept neither probes nor disproves anything.
Beat the propaganda out of her.
Here's a better example. Say the Mona Lisa was in front of you. What would be more probable. That a person painted it or that nature did it? Nature CAN do it by itself. Doesn't mean that's what happened just because it "can" happen.
Are you really telling me that the universe with gay rape bedbugs and incurable birth defects is the Mona Lisa? Our universe is more like one of those modern are canvases splattered all over it. I COULD be an intelligent design, but it mostly looks random. Want to prove me wrong? Providing a good reason for the gay rape bedbugs would be a good start.
The whole premise of Intelligent Design is that the design of the universe is intelligent. If there are stupid, horrible, and pointless parts of the universe, that's not a reason to shrug and give up, it's a reason to discard the intelligent design hypothesis altogether. If the universe was designed for an intelligent purpose, then intelligent beings (created in the image of god) should see that intelligence and purpose reflected in everything. But the very same people who insist everything happened "for a reason" can't explain the reason for God to create even a single solitary thing. If you feel up to the challenge, start with the gay rape bedbugs for me. You wouldn't want to imply some things in God's design are just random or unimportant, would you? Intelligent perfect beings don't make mistakes and they wouldn't waste resources. The natural world is literally defined by all the mistakes and wasted resources.
Are you really telling me that the universe with gay rape bedbugs and incurable birth defects is the Mona Lisa? 
Huh??????
Our universe is more like one of those modern are canvases splattered all over it. 
You think "rape bugs are weird therefore it was all random". 
It makes more sense to see this universe as designed because there are too many things that would require retarded amounts of luck to simply ignore. It's like seeing a nuclear submarine and saying "nature did it" instead of a team of engineers and blue collar workers
I COULD be an intelligent design, but it mostly looks random.
You think "rape bugs are weird therefore it was all random". 
It makes more sense to see this universe as designed because there are too many things that would require retarded amounts of luck to simply ignore. It's like seeing a nuclear submarine and saying "nature did it" instead of a team of engineers and blue collar workers
I addressed this here: >>73065002
Just because there is weird shit on this planet, it doesn't magically act as proof for or against a creator
Say the Mona Lisa was in front of you.
I'm pointing out that the world we live in is not the Mona Lisa, fuckwit, it's full of mistakes and imperfections and shit that makes no sense. The Mona Lisa may be overrated, but you can point to any part of it and explain what that part does, and why ol' Leonardo painted it that way. You can't point to even one part of your "Mona Lisa" and explain what function it serves to its creator.
You think "rape bugs are weird therefore it was all random".
If it's not all random why are there gay rape bed bugs? You're claiming the universe is intelligently designed, and I'm asking what's so intelligent about part of it. God is the most amazing craftsman possible so you should be able to explain every part of his creation, just like you can do with the Mona Lise.
It makes more sense to see this universe as designed because there are too many things that would require retarded amounts of luck to simply ignore. 
But "retarded amounts of luck" can and does happen every day. Intelligent beings who live outside of time have never once been spotted
It's like seeing a nuclear submarine and saying "nature did it" instead of a team of engineers and blue collar workers
You can explain every single part of a nuclear submarine, and even somehow who had no idea what was could in theory infer it's purpose. You should be able to do the same thing with gay rape bedbugs, if the world is really like nuclear submarine.
In order to have a "creator" you have to have a purpose for creating. Every single created thing in the universe has a purpose to its creator, even sick amusement, and yet the universe has no purpose to your God. If there's no way to tell the difference between a created and non-created universe, they why take the extra step of adding a creator you don't need to explain anything?
I'm pointing out that the world we live in is not the Mona Lisa, fuckwit
You don't understand what I'm saying, fucking retard.
IF YOU SEE THE FUCKING MONA LISA IN FRONT OF YOU, ARE YOU GOING TO SAY NATURE DID IT OR A FUCKING PERSON?
A Person if you have a fucking brain, dipshit.
Now looking at nature, a cell for instance is not some random shit that nature gravitates towards. That is also an example of "the mona lisa". So are the constants. That's what you don't get. You cherry pick 
gay rape bugs are weird therefore there is no God!
I already dumbed it down for you, dipshit. Something being odd doesn't prove nor disprove anything. Low IQ cunt. How many times must I repeat that? This is known as a false equivocation. 
Ooooooh I guess everything ever engineered was nature! 
Again, retard, CAN nature create a nuclear submarine from scratch? Yes. Yes it can. Again, dumbass. Just because it CAN doesn't mean that's what happened.
I'm noticing a pattern here. You meep repeating the same dumb shit I already btfod because you can't handle what I'm saying
Now looking at nature, a cell for instance is not some random shit that nature gravitates towards. That is also an example of "the mona lisa". So are the constants. That's what you don't get. You cherry pick
What kind of cell, exactly, did God design? Was it animal cells? Fungal cells? Bacterial cells? All of them are radically different and only one of them can be perfect. If you want to say they serve different functions, you have to have at least some guess as to what those functions are.
I already dumbed it down for you, dipshit. Something being odd doesn't prove nor disprove anything. Low IQ cunt. How many times must I repeat that? This is known as a false equivocation.
You think gay rape with barbed penises is just "odd?" Okay, what about birth defects that result in the baby dying in agony through no fault of its own? What's the divine purpose in that? You can't just dismiss it as "odd" because it literally involves babies dying in pain.
Again, retard, CAN nature create a nuclear submarine from scratch? Yes. Yes it can. Again, dumbass. Just because it CAN doesn't mean that's what happened.
So then what did happen? You keep insisting we didn't get lucky but you was no explanation. If the universe were created us, you have to explain who did and WHY.
You still haven't even given me a single reason for what you think is true, other than "seems pretty weird, eh?" What is your actual theory on how this happened, or are you insisting on a God you don't understand at all?
What kind of cell, exactly
The first one, dumbass
You think gay rape with barbed penises is just "odd?" Okay, what about birth defects that result in the baby dying in agony through no fault of its own? What's the divine purpose in that? You can't just dismiss it as "odd" because it literally involves babies dying in pain.
You STUPI FUCK. I already addressed this shit like 5 fucking times. Just because you think something is cruel or weird as shit doesn't prove nor disprove anything
You keep insisting we didn't get lucky but you was no explanation. 
I did. I gave 4 potential possibilities, but given the engineering and given how nature has never demonstrated actual engineering feats from scratch (i.e. molecular machines from scratch, cell from scratch, etc.) there is no reason to gravitate towards that just as you wouldn't gravitate to saying a submarine was created by luck. You'd say a "coordinated process" created a submarine. Not luck. 
If the universe were created us, you have to explain who did and WHY.
No I don't, fool. I don't have powers to magically just "know" why this creator chose to do this. For instance idk why the fuck the guy who painted the Mona Lisa did it other than because he "wanted to". I don't have to know that to be able to attribute that work to a person rather than to nature. 
I did. Read above. Engineering doesn't just happen through sheer luck. It CAN just as how you can get a nuclear submarine from nature alone, but logically with a brain you'd assume a team of engineers and blue collar workers did it. Not nature. Just because something CAN be created from nature alone*stupid amounts of luck doesn't mean that's what happened
I'm a cis male who supports trans rights who once dated a terf, ama
the funniest part of it is that she would often try to feminize me
many such cases. there's always some weird shit going on with these people
t. pro-trans cis male who's dated multiple terfs
I can't tell if JDS or TDS is more severe among 4channers
The first one, dumbass
Do you even know which kind of cell came first? It seems a lot like you're full of shit!
You STUPI FUCK. I already addressed this shit like 5 fucking times. Just because you think something is cruel or weird as shit doesn't prove nor disprove anything
No, I'm asking YOU to PROVE these things are INTELLIGENT. Can you do that or not?
but given the engineering and given how nature has never demonstrated actual engineering feats from scratch (i.e. molecular machines from scratch, cell from scratch, etc.) there is no reason to gravitate towards that just as you wouldn't gravitate to saying a submarine was created by luck.
Dude we've seen nature creature molecular machines and cells in pitri dishes with nothing more than dirty seawater and electricity. Also, once again the submarine has a PURPOSE. What is the PURPOSE of a cell? Intelligent designers don't do thing without a PURPOSE. Are you fucking deaf?
 No I don't, fool. I don't have powers to magically just "know" why this creator chose to do this.
If you don't know even the most basic things about your creator, maybe keep your theories to yourself until you manage to figure it out.
I did. Read above. Engineering doesn't just happen through sheer luck. It CAN just as how you can get a nuclear submarine from nature alone, but logically with a brain you'd assume a team of engineers and blue collar workers did it. Not nature.
Engineers engineer things for a reason. If you don't know the reason God did something, you can't possibly know if it's engineered or not. Saying the universe was engineered is meaningless unless that lets you actually explain why the universe is the way it is.
But you can't rule it out, can you? Whereas I can easily rule out intelligent design until you show me some actual intelligent purpose to the universe.
1. You're a fucking idiot 
2. Again, dipshit. Something being odd =\= proof for or against a creator.
Nah, you know what? I'm not reading the rest. How many fucking times have I repeated this shit? You're low IQ and not worth my time.
What proof for a creator? You haven't provided any!
you know trannies love anime right? maybe its time to get a real hobbie
People itt are dogmatically preaching what they learnt from ((pop science)) and highschool, neither of which promote independent thought. The theory of evolution was originally created to account for the variations between different species caused by environmental/geographic factors i.e. darwin's finches. It's ludicrous to take that theory and use it to account for the existence of life itself. Darwin didn't even know of the organelles within cells when he created that theory. There are so many holes within evolution it's ridiculous.
For starters, if evolution is a gradual development in the survival and reproductive capabilities of a species, then why is there such a huge gap between homosapiens and our ape cousins in intelligence, language, culture, etc? Why are human beings the apex predator by a thousand miles, whereby we are untouchable? Where is the intermediate species which we evolved from?
What's more, it is impossible for a cell to gradually evolve from molecules under natural selection. A cell is made up of constituent parts, all of which are essential to the survival of it. If even one of these constituent parts are missing, the cell dies, and fails to confer a survival advantage. In this scenario, how can one gradually evolve to this complete state? A cell cannot gradually evolve one organelle at a time, as each organelle serves a unique and specific purpose without which the rest of the cell dies. Even DNA cannot exist purely on its own. All of these parts have to be present at the same time, and the fact that they all play a specific role with a larger purpose in mind indicates an intelligent creator who knew the role and function of these parts. It would be like trying to create a mouse trap gradually through evolution, except without a spring the mouse trap is useless, without bait it is useless, without a clasp to snare the animal it is useless. The complexity of life indicates an intelligent creator, not randomness or trial and error.
Bullshit. This is like saying if you don't know why a novel was written, the novel can't have been created by an intelligent author. It may as well just be a bunch of random keystrokes. Why does everything have to have a purpose? Why does everything have to be about efficiency?
wait what are you guys talking about? god?
Bullshit. This is like saying if you don't know why a novel was written, the novel can't have been created by an intelligent author. It may as well just be a bunch of random keystrokes.
A novel has an well-understood purpose - to be read and to convey information.
Why does everything have to have a purpose? 
Because a purpose is what separates intelligence from randomness. If you don't have a purpose, you left with the idea that God created by accident, and that's not intelligent design at all, that's unintelligent design.
You're claiming that the world is "engineered" by an "engineer." If you knew any actual engineers you'd know getting things to be efficient enough is most of their fucking jobs. Engineering things are almost always more efficient than things designed by random chance. Since nothing in nature is efficient, there's no reason to assume anyone is "engineering" it.
What a moron. This is like saying if a nuclear submarine had a screw loose, it wasn't engineered because it has a flaw LMAO.
Apparently LMAO. Thread basically is no longer about trans
But we know the sub was engineered because we have records of it being designed and built. We have no record of the universe being designed and built. The universe is not a nuclear submarine, it's morel like rock shaped like a face. Could have been carved by intelligence, might not have been.
But you've yet to provide any reason to think the universe is designed at all. All you can do is find weak excuses not to accept my conclusion instead of actually debating me, because creationism dosen't actually say anything useful about the universe. Unless the existence of creator has some kind of consequence for us here and now, there's not reason to even really think about it.
But we know the sub was engineered because we have records of it being designed and built
No, stupid. If ai showed you a picture of a submarine with 0 context, you wouldn't have access to any other information. With common fucking sense you'd say it was engineered because nature doesn't do that shit just because "it can".
The universe is not a nuclear submarine, it's morel like rock shaped like a face.
Disingenuous. If any of the constants were off, you wouldn't have life. That in itself implies engineering. So do all the components within a cell. You're coping at this point. 
False. Literally every post I made towards you plus others above were me explaining how nature doesn't just make cells/machines from scratch "just because it is in the realm of possibility".
Nature has never demonstrated engineering capabilities. It doesn't gravitate to creating abstract engineering concepts.
No, stupid. If ai showed you a picture of a submarine with 0 context, you wouldn't have access to any other information. With common fucking sense you'd say it was engineered because nature doesn't do that shit just because "it can".
I'm pretty sure if you told a group of people who had never seen a submarine before that it was some kind of fish, they might believe you. The problem is that you can't look at a submarine the way someone with 0 context would, so perhaps the nuclear submarine is a bad example?
Disingenuous. If any of the constants were off, you wouldn't have life.
Why does God want life? You never established what the purpose of fine-tuning the constants is. If the purpose was life, then I hate to say it but this universe is almost totally empty. I'm sure there were other values that would have produced more life.
That in itself implies engineering.
Engineering for what? Engineering has a purpose.
So do all the components within a cell. You're coping at this point.
You don't even know the first fucking thing about cells, as demonstrated earlier when you didn't know the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes. Just because you don't understand cells doesn't mean that they're magical and ineffable and impossible for nature to produce.
False. Literally every post I made towards you plus others above were me explaining how nature doesn't just make cells/machines from scratch "just because it is in the realm of possibility".
So then what is your bar for determining what nature can "produce from scratch" and what has to be "engineered?" There all kinds of nonliving chemical reactions just as complex as cells, you just don't know about them.
For this to matter you have to prove that cells were engineered. They're extremely fragile and inefficient compared to human technology, so your God was a terrible engineer in that case.
I'm done entertaining your stupidity. Fact of the matter is it was engineered. Nature didn't do it :).
Fact of the matter is that I've been having you over a barrel this entire debate. I hope your God dosen't send you to hell because my ass-rape made you gay or something.
just stop.
