THE TRANNY THOUGHTS DONT GO AWAY
Have you thought of doing some wood working and drinking whisky? If not then this will fix you up. Blacksmithing might work too.
if you had sex with a woman who looked like your ideal "tranny self" but with a vagina, would that cure you?
if so you are just going insane from lack of touch fren
Aww come here little boymodder, give daddy a hug *pats your head* it's okay to be a tranny
You really wanna end up like this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=accNkMdIdo4 [Embed]
I drank a couple of shots of Jack Daniels while my parents were away 
Felt good for like 30 minutes then I was in a fetal position on the bathroom floor
That would probably mindfuck me so much I'd become suicidal. In another universe I am living my life as a girl. 
I already avoid women since even seeing them makes me feel like shit.
Seek therapy you fucking schizo
Fuck. I need to hug a pillow. 
I'm 5'4" and underweight. I have it better than (her?)
Well anon looks like you have gender dysphoria. I recommend coming out and going on estrogen
Lay off the porn, coomerism and just stay off the internet. Minimum 4 months
I wish that would work. Unfortunately it's not just a fetish. 
I need a hug badly. I want to cry but I can't.
Go to church anon and stop jacking off to tranny porn. Its ruining you
stop being a lil bpd bitch baby unstable sense of self unclosable melancholic wound just fucking stop
or i'll kill you
why dont you go post on lgbt??? what???
holy based, i have a little coal forge and a cheap anvil in my back yard and I go out there and burn the coal sometimes and that shit fucking rocks.
its ok to be a tran-ACK!
I wish I could hug you bro, I'm sorry. stop the sissy porn and like >>73061068 said go to church. Christ loves you
Same. My mother also had tranny thoughts for years but she said that having a child helped a lot. Unfortunately she passed it on to me. So don't have any kids and just repress, at this point it's too late for her to transition even if she still wanted to. At a certain point it'll be clear that you'll never pass as female (usually before 25) and you just kinda give up.
/lgbt/ will just tell him to troon out. At least we have the opportunity to get his head straight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPugn_05Qac [Embed]
Stop consuming pornography. Instead read a romantic novel (an an actual novel, not some japshit) or acquire a Chatbot Gf/Bf. Soul porn is much less harmful and even a bit aducational. You are still left with your hormonal/dopamine system intact so you may find it less desirable to be tranny.
same except i'm a woman and a genuine autoandrophile. i've layed off the yaoi and nothing works. i also cant transition because then i'd be a literal 5'1 manlet which would make me even more suicidal. everything is so bleak anons.
Read "The Notebook" by Nicholas sparks. If you stop consuming degenerate pornography and embrace your true sexual/romantic spirit you will find it easier to live with yourself.
Don't transition, just be a dominant girl. There are so few dominant girls out there, it's so sad to see them transition
but tops would love you?
I sang to make you feel better.
https://vocaroo.com/1hoCvTHCAldh
it is ok to be a tranny
Why do you want to be a woman? Is it because you think
a) you will be treated better
b) you enjoy 'female' hobbies, interests, fashion etc
c) you have 'female' personality traits
d) you will be more attractive
e) your sex characteristics are 'wrong'
f) the thought of being female arouses you
All of these can be solved by something healthier than trooning out. If it's something else I've neglected to list, the same is probably true.
Sometimes when I am really really really high I have laid on the bed and felt like I was a man. But it was scary in a bad spiritual sense. Being a man is like being evil and having no emotional or moral compass. Imagining myself as a male feels like abandoning my conscious in favor of my id
aap anon, i feel the opposite way. when i feel female i feel empty i feel emotionless and devoid of real personality or opportunity, but i see maleness as an out. the grass is always greener i guess
You covet the richness of the female soul
Wait
seeing maleness as an out
Ugh you are a woman that got diddled aren't you
Why do sooo many diddled women take the tranny pill instead of the feminism pill I know the feminism pill is a bit harder to swallow but rationality is rewarding
If you want to do it just do it faggot
If you are afraid of being openly identified as a tranny then take your pills say nothing and pretend everything is normal, you can keep it up for a year or two
Goddamnit why is my thread still up?
Thanks. All that did was make me feel shit about my own voice.
Find something better to think about.
Probably c. I'm very feminine. All I can say is that being a woman just feels right. 
I can't. What will my parents, cousins, aunts, uncles, and their entire social group think? They're all conservative as hell. I want to disappear. I'm scared.
If you posted that pic in the OP then you probably know what boymoding is, right?
Just hide your tits in a hoodie and/or with tape and nobody else has to know.
You can continue living as male while being on hrt and enjoying your feminized body in private for as long as you want.
What difference does it make. I will never be female. I have no vagina. I can never have children. Male puberty did permanent damage. 
It's not just the body. I'm not some coomer that gets off to having boobs.
I offer an alternative to death.
they do though, you just need to stop using the internet.
The damage is already done, every day it is untreated the damage can only worsen, although it can never be perfect it is better to cope than to not cope
The thoughts never leave, you'll probably have a crisis about this again in two years, and then again in four
When you can escape from them one day their opinions cease to matter
Well then I don't see why 41% isn't the solution.
it is the solution
your life was fucked from the start, sorry anon
stop masturbating for a few days+do physical work or exercise+ go outside and socialize
your tranny thoughts most likely stem from lack of self respect and feeling of inferiority
good luck with fixing yourself buddy, i'm rooting for you
I do all of this. It doesn't help
Work physical job, outside regularly, socialize too
All it does is make me see cis women and feel like shit. I put in my 2 weeks. I can no longer stand working there. 
Also it's not a fetish you fucking monkey brain. 
I want to stop existing but unfortunately I'm so emotionally detached I can't be suicidal.
n=1
If only...
It's ok to be a tranny, don't listen to the crabs in the bucket on here. Just don't make it your whole identity.
bro i'm 6'1 male repressor and it's so bad
i can't believe something so dumb is ruining my life
it's just some vietnamese man from another dynasty in New York anon who hurt you
Probably c. I'm very feminine. All I can say is that being a woman just feels right. 
I can't. What will my parents, cousins, aunts, uncles, and their entire social group think? They're all conservative as hell. I want to disappear. I'm scared.
Holy fuck this is so dumb. I understand repressing if you're a 6'4" gigachad with a Navy SEAL jaw but you yourself said you're tiny and feminine. You're really going to let deranged people around you ruin your life instead of just living your life as you see fit? You're going to regret this so, so incredibly deeply. Just move to a liberal area in the future and take estrogen in secret for now.
Read this: https://genderanalysis.net/2016/12/myth-pimozide-and-gender-dysphoria-gender-analysis/
n=1 is the least of the problems with it
instead of having tranner thoughts invest that time in watching my streams instead kick.com/leafy
Well then I don't see why 41% isn't the solution.
it is the solution
your life was fucked from the start, sorry anon
Right-wingers are neurological psychopaths.
We need real cures not palliative treatments like HRT. sadly all research into the field is de facto banned...
Aye but at least you can keep them hidden within
Trooning out even slightly would give you manboobs and people would stare at you forever
I want to be left the fuck alone even more than I want to be less masculine
Theres a repressor general on there which is sometimes ok
Its usually just turbo depressed posts though
I wish people actually chatted about ways they cope and things theyve been up to more
there is no way to cope
it just eats away at you year after year until you're a depressed husk
I know trannies who have taken HRT after repressing and they're still miserable and want to kill themselves. Probably because HRT doesn't cure anything and the real problem is mental.
If you say so
I also think trooning out would just change my current problems into different problems though
Im insane enough to have these thoughts but not insane enough to think that spinning around in a skirt or painting my nails would do anything to fix things
yeah HRT can't change your bones and therapy can't change your tranny thoughts
there's no hope either way
I dont want to be a man let alone a big broad super masculine one
But I also dont want to exist a lot of the time, doing it every single day is exhausting
But as long as im here i might as well make the most of it I guess
I wish there was more help and treatments for this stuff but like OP mentioned earlier, any mention of it to shrinks would only lead to hormones etc or nothing 
I just focus on myself and making my life better in any way I can, and finding ways to forget about gender stuff altogether and just be 
It probably helps that id like a boyfriend, itd be much easier to find one if I dont troon out and destroy my dick and body with meds
im not a right winger, i dont care about politics. i just know what op is like, its their fate regardless of what happens
Nah. My body sucks. 
Shoulders are way too broad and I have 0 hips. IWNBAW. 
I can't look at mirrors without feeling like shit.
no body hair
slim frame
generally not that bulky
fuck you
You have great bone structure to compete in men's physique.
Have you thought of getting into bodybuilding? Broad shoulders and a small waist are the perfect build for MP
What the fuck are you talking about? I can fit 4 heads on my shoulders. And the rest is built like a fridge. 
BUT YOU'RE SKINNY FUCK YOU
I can't change my fucking bones. 
No. I get no joy from going to the gym. I tried for a month then quit. I don't want to be masculine.
I want to die. Please someone shoot me in the fucking head. Make it quick.
There is no advantage to you to transition anon. Plenty of guys will accept you just as you are with all your tomboy retardation
 https://vocaroo.com/1hoCvTHCAldh
The more literally mentally retarded a girl sounds, the more attractive she is. What a fucking easy mode existence jfc
You have great facial bone structure. You'd be a hot girl ngl. What success have you had with girls anon
Never had one.
Why?
Autism and being submissive and shy. Now that I realized that my attraction was just envy I can't look at them anymore.
No it's not. I can never be who I want to be. It's impossible 
At best I'll be a freak
twink death will hit you hard..
