I can't stop thinking about how much easier my life would be if I had a MASSIVE dick. and I don't mean a big dick. I mean a truly massive dick, like 25cm, and really thick, like a coca cola can. 
I could send send a picture of it (next to a reference object) to random women -"religious" women, career focused women, "traditional women", faithful women, young women, primary school women, old women, married moms with kids, important politicians- it wouldn't matter. they would all react in the same way "OH MY GOD I NEED THAT INSIDE ME RIGHT NOW! COME TO MY HOUSE AND FUCK ME NOW!" they would go absolutely insane and beg me to fuck them. because it's a purely biological response, they can't help, doesn't matter what their upbringing was, doesn't matter what their socio-economic situation is like. My life would be like a 24 hour, non-stop, porn film. I would be having sex multiple times a day with lots of random women. there would be other benefits, too. If another guy tried arguing with me in the office, bar, street or whatever i could just say "heh, you think you're tough? check this out" and then pull down my pants. he would start choking and stuttering after seeing my huge penis, then turn around and quietly leave while keeping his head down and starting at the ground- because he knows he can't compete with what I'm offering. I could then fuck his wife, daughter, mom whatever.
Even with a big dick you would stay a pathethic virgin
If another guy tried arguing with me in the office, bar, street or whatever i could just say "heh, you think you're tough? check this out" and then pull down my pants.
get a load of this tough guy lol
If another guy tried arguing with me in the office, bar, street or whatever i could just say "heh, you think you're tough? check this out" and then pull down my pants.
Enjoy getting arrested
I assure you it won't. I have a 20cm dick and I haven't had a date in years.
nice porn addiction
(angrily pulling down my pants) Take THIS
hehe it's so tiny, anon!
lol ive literally tried this and women for some reason get freaked out and block you or whatever. maybe they dont believe me (oh btw its not exactly "MASSIVE" but when soft its 5.5 inches and gets to 7.0 and thick). when i get a chick i can usually keep her around and have sex a zillion times until my horrible personality/autist traits drive them away. i guess a benefit is i never get some snarky message about their NEW and IMPROVED man ie. "now ive got a REAL man hun! ;) ". but in short no it doesnt help me at all, i havent had sex in years. women are fcuking annoying wastes of time and money.
