This is a shitty little thread for things I'm doing in my own life that other anons might also appreciate thinking or seeing or reading, it's basically a bunch of rule I'm experimenting with that are sort of like a "dopamine fast" but without the pseudo-scientific naturalism angle. These are just things I'm experimenting with doing because it's how I did things in the past when I was a stupid kid and not an adult. 
use only one screen at a time, never be using a device while in front of another device 
only consume media directly, don't ever have it on as background noise you're only absorbing passively
always eat your meals at a table where eating the meal is the only thing you do. Pour your drink into a glass don't drink it out of the container it came in
engage in an organized activity, like a sports league, a TCG night, or even a multiplayer game with friends, but actively engage with the activity and don't just let it be the backdrop underpinning what is just bumming around having a conversation with people 
do a solo activity without any other accompanying elements/stimuli. Cook without the tv playing in the other room. Plant something outside without also listening to a podcast or video 
go for a walk and narrate what's happening in your head. Actively notice things, see how many trees you can name or count how many other people you see also out for a walk. 
call a friend, don't just text them
I greatly respect you for doing all this, Anon.
More people should be like you. In fact, I might try some of the things you've listed here.
There were some other things I initially wanted to add but I haven't gotten a chance to practice them for myself
consume some old media from the past and make a concerted effort to meet the experience halfway 
Like one of my favourite old games is Paper Mario, but I've played it so much when I go to play it now I find myself mashing through dialogue and skipping parts of it etc. So I want to do a playthrough where I don't just read but read aloud the dialogue in character voices for instance, you know really engage with it. Other things include inviting friends over and actually making an effort to host them, like make food and invite them to watch the game rather than just shoot the shit doing nothing.
call a friend, don't just text them
yeah, back when i still bothered to talk to my ''friends'' if i called i'd time out into voicemail and get a text like 20 minutes later of them wondering why i didn't just text.
