wtf these younger generations are crazy
greentext or it never happened chud
no green but noticed them milling about in the booze aisle, they confronted me for looking then asked if I'd buy for them. I refused until one flashed her tits and said we could "go" in her car if I did. Hauled all the booze to my car then went to hers and I was expecting just a handjob or bj or something but she actually let me fuck her. Other girl who was in the car during it asked her friend after if I was any good and then asked if I could go again so followed up with her. We had some drinks then and loaded everything from my car to theirs then left.
Shocking to me how nonchalant they were about the whole thing, like it was no big deal doing any of it. They seemed like middle class girls too, the car was a nice SUV of her parents. Also I need to see if I can somehow get the security footage from the store, see if any of it was caught from the parking lot cameras.
Also now I'm looking for an appointment to get std checked, who knows with girls that easy
Hello, my good man - officer 'Carl', I see. Might I trouble you to review your security footage? No reason, no reason, I may have accidentally penised two children in your parking lot after purchasing alcohol on their behalf. Anyway,
Exactly, not sure how I'd go about getting it. Maybe like hire a PI to request the footage or something?
you're pretty dense, huh
How would you do it then if you're so smart?
you should have thought of that yourself, before penising two children in a supermarket parking lot that you purchased alcohol for
haha yeah the zoomer generation sure is crazy. anyway does anybody know how i could Oceans Eleven my way into a supermarket to steal the security cam tapes from the guard who will be asleep in his chair with a big keyring on his belt. i havent stolen a thing in my life but i *have* played metal gear solid three and part of metal gear solid five ground zeroes if that helps.
She showed me her ID and she was 18. They needed the booze for a pre graduation party.
I mean it could be fake ID but why would you get fake ID not for 21 to be able to buy booze in the first place?
Thanks I'll consider that.
i dont know. why are you asking me? i dont care. im laughing at your stupid ass lol
