I'd say one year
They don't. They will stay mad about your five figure funeral. They will have a butch of a time cleaning the mess and trying to sell a death house. They will beat themselves up over the missed signs that could have prevented the whole thing.
Life's a bitch. It's expensive and Im not even having a good time. Still beats the alternative.
I live with my parents so I'm just gonna do it in a hotel
Make sure they don't track you down and find you like that one potato motherfucker. And I strongly advise against shooting your own brains out. God has shown me through visions how you may not be conscious, but your flesh will still recoil from horror feeing itself torn apart.
Dumping the job on underpaid strangers? You're better than that.
A couple of weeks for Betason, but their whole lives for CHADSON
depending on the reason my mom would probably try to kill herself while my dad would be sad for a few days and then move on he already has a new family anyways
What would be a good way of offing yourself, whilst not mentally scarring a stranger?
I was thinking about buying a body bag off amazon or something and doing a hydrogen tank, would that work?
Do it in forrest and use a delayed email service to send coordinates of your hanging body to the authorities. Dont send the email to family bc you don't want to have a loved one see your bloated gross corpse with the brains sprayed all over the place
One of the many problems with suicide is that finding a body for anyone is mentally scarring. Especially a suicide or a crime scene because they are both messy and unexpected. Read up on what happens to a corpse after death and why funerals used to have to be quick.
Especially if you don't have a great relationship your dad will likely blame himself. 
You're being entirely too romantic about this. Death is ugly business. Too many people forget about that. That's 80-90% of the reason I haven't heroed. The rest is that I still give enough of a damn about my family and a few other people to not put them through that.
