Post your favorite and the ones you would be willing to settle for. Explain your reasoning.
You are a virgin incel, beggars can't be choosers.
Should have made it you need to roll for your wife
We share an interest in philosophy, my childhood experience left me a weirdo who thinks angry women are hot, and I am delusional enough to think I could fix her. Plus anal is nice especially if she's got a pained/angry expression.
But also I didn't read past the first row.
Okay I skimmed the rest. Alessandra is a good choice too.
trash tier cyoa but blaire
what's not to love?
I'd go for Sandra, she seems okay and having a fujo gf sounds comfy.
I'd settle for Xenia. Her flirting with others to tease me sounds hot, but I'd go crazy with not eating meat near her.
I read Faye and stopped there. She reminds me of my ex. Well, if by "to the point," it means 10 minutes of foreplay, 10 minutes of sex, 10 minutes of laying down, talking afterward, 10 minutes of shower, then back to the day.
Lulwut? The prompt-writer needs to double check these.
Katya is an ideal girl in every single way, though I'd settle for Xenia since she's my evil ex. Even has the same name.
Realistically if I had to settle for someone who's not my ex, it'd be Cressida, but the illness is a big dealbreaker. It's likely she'd die young and then what's the point?
I like Sandra, because her tits are visibily uneven, and she's fat.
Don't even have to open the picture. No matter what the text say, I would never pick a non-white. No matter how horrible the text, I will always simp for the white ones.
Cressida 100%
Loyalty is my number one thing
Julianna
Seems nice.
Lisbeth
Could be fun being NEETs together.
Good choice if I had enough money to buy a home and support a housewife.
Nora, I like assertive plus the cons are easily fix by distraction.
Katya seems genuinely perfect.
I'm going to assume the Polish girl who sometimes posts vocaroos here is Katya from now on.
Hairy armpits are a no-no for me.
Renee is the perfect girl for me, her negatives are all positives (except the cutting) as far as I am concerned, and I think we can do something about her self destructive tendencies when she gets stressed.
Katya is perfect in a general way however I would probably not make her happy since I work too much.
Blair also sounds good, but it really depends on how bad her meltdowns are going to be.
What kind of mental illness causes someone to make this?
Don't know who made it or why but I'm thankful.
Annabelle is peak 
Faye comes close
