The foids on here are getting too uppity. They're so aggressive and dominant everywhere except where it matters
They'll be aggressive when they're sexually submissive too. These bitches like to push their ass back on your cock and bounce on your dick
That's unholy. It's against the natural law. Women should stay still and quiet while in the missionary position or in doggystyle
and NO TOE CURLING while having sex
You don't get to curl your toes and, by the by, it looks disgusting unless a hot tranny/trap does it
I just want to be the slave-bitch of an ultra dominant woman.
Submissive girls should just kill themselves.
Submissive girls should just kill themselves.
Agreed
sounds like ur just a faggot
unless a hot tranny/trap does it
Fag
I'll curl my toes if I want what are you gonna do cut them off?
I hate trannies but sometimes I fantasize about one kidnapping me and making me his personal sex sleeve and calling me degrading names like bio hole. He would have to pass (as well as a tranny can anyway) and have a big and functional dick of course.
Don't speak things into existence foid 
I am the same but I'm male
No. I'll slowly tear off your toe nails, one by one. Then I'll feed them to you. And if you'll still be curling your toes I'll think about cutting them off.
I just want an equal relationship without power dynamics shit. I wish feminist girls actually liked the idea of a relationship without someone getting dominated or doing dominating, and I wish they didn't only like very masculine guys or guys who mirror gender roles rather than rejecting them, who perform some weird stereotype of feminine roles. Women should just let guys eat them out and cuddle them, without it having to be dominant or submissive for either side
cool now we're not even allowed to moan or squirm or anything :) i'll remember to bite down on your dick next time i'm sucking you off
pic related will solve the problem
You won't be sucking me off. I find that disgusting. Unless I never kiss you if that's what you want 
Seems like someone needs a rape correction again
Do you even think you'd get to the stage where I'm holding my penis in front of you? Let's be realistic here.
I'll chop off your clit if you do it.
this girl at work is practically forcing me to fuck her
she has strong armed every stage of our liaison
initiates conversation with me
gives me her phone number when i didnt ask
asks me why i havent texted her and then demands my phone number
texts me and then asks why i dont text her back
sends me riske pictures including a maid outfit
asks me if i know of any secluded areas because i am a security guard - tell her that i do
we now have a "date" to meet there and she warned me that i better noy disappoint her
ive never had a woman court me especially so aggressively. its exciting
thanks for the thread OP i had nowhere to share this
What does she look like? How old is she? Did you have any encounters with her before she showed interest in you?
no actually i'm pretty sure i will be sucking your dick even if you don't want it :))) i'm going to tie you down and you're going to get sucked off lololol
also you can't rape correct me anon, that's literally illegal and not cool!
you're getting tied down as well, and you're going to like it !!!!
pls do anon that's soooo hot
you're getting tied down as well, and you're going to like it !!!!
I'll believe it when I see it (or rather, experience it). Until then I don't believe your larp. :p
They're so aggressive and dominant everywhere
OK, so SUBMIT. See, that wasn't so hard.
