Women don't deserve the right to vote. Women willingly make themselves sex objects, but complain and say that's wrong. Women applaud Dylan Mulvaney for corrupting children. Women vote for biological men to enter their bathrooms. 
Women don't know what they're doing. They're effectively children. Children can't vote. Neither should women.
i would make out with her after she sucks 9 dicks
Do you actually think voting fucking matters? They are gonna push whatever the fuck they want onto us. We dont have a say in anything anyway so who the fuck cares.
All of what you say is true, but how will you convince greater, liberal society of the damage they are causing?
Then buy guns and join a militia. Stop being a pushover pussy your entire life. No wonder you're an incel
women vote in place of men, they wish to please men, their only function is to be pleasing which is why they become sex objects when the opportunity rises
women are quite easy to understand, they serve one function: please others
they just ask that you're worth pleasing
the second amendment is completely useless. How the fuck is any self organized "militia" supposed to do literally anything against the fucking united states government? They can send fucking tanks after you if they wanted to. What the fuck are you gonna do against a fucking tank?
I'll bite tell me why the conservatives would speak more than a year talking about protecting our border only to want to cut agents from there?
have you ever watched breaking bad?
pull your teeth out and never speak again
the main character dies at the end SPOILERS
What's that it sounds like a man unwilling to talk about politics. Do the world a favor don't vote.
Never understood why people like her so much. Like, she's a 6 at best.
Opportunity. It seems extremely likely that America will either go through a total collapse, or we get a dictator who will protect the constitution. 
https://youtu.be/Hc5yfgeycTk [Embed]
You just have to spread the idea that women shouldn't vote and men should lead the household, just like it says in the Bible. If enough men and women think that women shouldn't be allowed to vote, then it just takes some catalyst and a leader who agrees to make it happen. 
https://youtu.be/zrj5sfwq2H8 [Embed]
IDC about your post but whats her name? Shes kind of cute minus the dumb tat
Are you a literal retard?
all totalitarianism countries have no right to bear arms. Nuff said
Also, any female social media influencers who says that we should repeal the 19th amendment should get special attention from you to help promote the idea to women.
she has a nice body, small/tight frame, a nice back. but its mostly about how she fucks
CORRELATION =/= CAUSATION god damn r9kers and their 1 digit iq's I swear to fuck
Lold
kekd as well
You're a bot, you retard. >>73051569
Vietnam. Afghanistan. What a faggot.
Learn what a TREND is, you fucking retard. I swear you stupid leftie fucks don't know how to use stats
and u sound like a woman who never gets cock so ur 100% useless
do the world a fav and jump off a bridge!
Taliban beat the US with rocks, nigger. Now they have F-35's and literal sex slaves. 
The women there lost the right to even go to school. That could be us, nigga!
nigga that place literally chops off the clit of women at birth, what's ur point
it's a hellhole of repulsive men, the only solution is exporting the women there is no saving it
They are not repulsive men. They are heros in their own right. They get up in early in the morning, pray, and fight. They just worship a false god, but good men. 
And, they recognize what's wrong with the West. 
We need to be more like them. And, life will improve for everyone.
women become gods when they get a good man + kids
there are no good men there, only trash
Anon, I have no idea.
Never happened. Joe Biden reduced border patrol agents, not Trump you leftist tranny. Trancel transmaxxer. Did becoming a woman finally get you pussy? 
I bet you just look repulsive with your makeup and wigs.
Most women want a man to dominate them. 
Most women have sexual fantasies where they're raped or submissive. Women inherently want a dominating man. And, the women who fantasize about rape or submission, don't want a bitch of a man to do it either. 
50 Shades of Grey. 
Oddly, most men don't like sexual situations where they're dominating a woman. 
Men are just pussies now.
Watch the first video, it will make sense, anon. 
Also, look for based females on social media who says that we should repeal the 19th amendment.
Men are fat or effeminate now.
physical domination, not mental domination, not bond domination
women get off on physical domination because it's their weakness, it's their shortcoming, it's what they fucking suck dick at
women control everything else: hair, style, eyes, leading you through subconscious behaviors; they have your mind under wraps
Women crave psychological domination as well. That's why they resent a man who's submissive to them. 
https://www.youtube.com/live/EwAnlDGPH8E?feature=share
But, you need to be the top-tier man physically, mentally, emotionally, financially, and spiritually. If you are, then most women (even ardent Feminists) will crave to be a tradwife who also loves it when you pull her hair and makes her wear a dog collar and walk her on all fours with a leash when it's bed time.
psychological domination of a woman might be something they want, on paper, but is very very very hard to actually do
their entire functionality of mind is to prevent others from gaining power over them, they have to be in real control of the big man who can rip her head off
you have to be really savy 2 control women, like actually have their mind
you just need to be a virgin and find a virgin
