Good fucking god, why is it so hard to find a guy that isn't guilty of at least some kind of sexual misconduct?
And I'm not strictly talking about rape (although there's an absurd amount of these guys), but also things like unwanted touching, inappropriate comments, or other actions that're small but still non-consensual (ex.: taking pictures without permission).
It is genuinely impossible to find a guy who doesn't eventually turn out to be guilty of these behaviors.
I've never done such a thing, but I also have a body count of 8 at age 22 so most of the women posting in these corners of the internet assume I'm a no-good manwhore.
Lady, the only way to advance a relationship with you beyond watching tv together is to stick my neck out and do a little "not sure if it's wanted hopefully it is lets find out" touching.
If it's unwanted you can always say no, maybe they press a little more and you say a firmer no.
All I know is that girls arent attracted to guys who go "Jessica... Can I touch you...?"
They're attracted to guys who go for it. I dont go for it anymore. The way you people act like any breach of the 3ft away barrier is the same thing is rape has me straight up not interested in women anymore. Not gay either.
Bridging the gap from one human to another shouldnt be as fucked up as you guys make it and now you'll have to die alone because of it and I dont even care. And I look good, and I have a decent job and make alright money and a nice car. I'll be playing with my toys by myself. I wont save you. Enjoy your cats
Relatable. Slightly higher count than you, two years older, but I did everything sexual 18>
Stopped having sex because I realized it was unhealthy if it wasn't a committed relationship. Had sex with one girl since, turned down three afterwards who wanted sex on the first date.
but also things like unwanted touching
Women have done this to me.
Inappropriate comments
Also this. 
Happens to me all the time. Girls always take pics of my ass. Happened at work last week. When I catch them doing it they try to hide it.
This is me but I am a depressed shut-in who doesn't talk to anyone.
I have never done those things and never will because I'm scared of women and I don't want to go near them.
i'm going to sexually assault you.
