What is the IQ of an /r9k/ user?
Forgot link
https://openpsychometrics.org/tests/FSIQ/
I have an IQ of 60, cope harder.
This but I'm kind of trashed
I think this is the first time I've actually seen someone post what looks like a full FSIQ test here
shitty test
got bored and started skipping questions and still scored well
I hope the rest of the world isn't as dumb as me
Probably around the average of the society the majority of users are from.
it's over
I failed this test I got really bored and distracted at the second part of the test, lost interest and it shows
I have learning difficulties but am good at knowing flags and also history facts especially medieval
I didnt do amazingly on this but I did try
What is your top 5 flags?
Realest mf's ITT because there are probably a dozen people who took it and scored in the normaler ranges and just didn't want to post it because 2+SD chads were flexin
I really like the Marshall islands the Secyhelles
Tonga Tanzania and Mongolia because of the shapes patterns and colours on them mostly
lol what is SD chad?
I'm going to buy all your favorite flags and hang them in my home at the front doorway, so when I come home I will see these and think of you and your flags, thank you for posting
SD means standard deviation. One standard deviation is 15 IQ points below or above 100, 2SDs are 30IQ below or above 100
Hai, which regardless of how much more intelligent /r9k/ might trend are we REALLY 1 in 50 on average? Almost certainly not
South Africa / DR Congo / Kazakhstan / Myanmar lowkey bussin
4chans average is certainly not 130. You always have some guys running Psyops to make others feel bad about themselves and these 130IQ posters are doing exactly that. 
However it could be possible that 4 chans average is higher than the worldwide average.
Checked. I'd guess 105-110 sitewide, maaaaybe higher for certain boards. As much as I love /pol/ maybe 95-100, but for say /lit/ maybe 115-120
GG eazy.
This kind of abstract autism way for you to be naturally drawn to spend your time? It selects for a certain kind of autist cast of mind, which minorly correlates with intelligence, to the tune of 105-110. Something like /pol/ where it's the natural userbase mixed with retarded Facebook boomers? Little under 100. But something like /lit/ where it's the userbase self-selecting against retards who don't know what they're talking about? Bump it up an SD
lts OVER 9OOO
honeslty? im too lazy to spend all this time on an iq test
you have exert so much mental effort. im sure im like 20 iq points higher when i try
right now i just ate 5 large vegan burritos and i can barely move. not even going to 
ill accept being 80 iq. lazycels stay lazy
OMG!! CHATGPT IS HERE AND SENTIENT!
Jesus I could only manage one before my body would sweat and i would need to sleep
THERE'S NO WAY THAT CAN BE RIGHT
Rushed through this washing dishes.
a couple days ago i had 10. i bought a 640 gram pack of burritos and i ate it all, all filled to the brim. i used tofu for protein, and vegetables were broccoli, carrots, purple cabbage, mushrooms, probably corn (i forgot), 6 tomatoes, olives and 1 large cubumber, and for sauces i had hummus, sweet chili peppers and relish
believe it or not im losing weight. was 260 pounds in november last year, around 220 right now
i just eat a lot, but i also fast a lot. i did 36 days of water fasting, and ill do another 40 soon enough. yes, i did 36 days in a row of water fasting, like 3-4 months ago. id do it again but i need a bit more time for my body to recover
Oh brilliant cheers that would be fun to see them all hanging up
your place would look really good then
This has to be bs. I am low IQ. I make 22.5k a year...
You must be new then...
Have a screenshot of one in my IQ tests folder back from 2020, at least.
And I know it was from this board as only this gaggle of underappreciated reprobates spends so much time so often trying to see whose dick is bigger (figuratively and literally)
The one I had from 2020 gave me 117 FSIQ.
This one is slightly better, but still, in my defense, ESL.
Seems about right, on the "normal" IQ tests I usually end up getting 120-125, closer to 130 when I'm really "inspired" or something.
1 wrong on the visual, fuck I thought I aced that. Also not sure what I got wrong on the synonyms. I found the anagrams and rotating shapes quite difficult, really thought I'd be better at them. Oh well.
did you get bullied earlier in life?
That's a good score for an ESL, I thought I found anagrams hard but they must be damn near impossible in a foreign language.
I don't like IQ tests at all :(
Not him but what's the correlation?
huh?
Oh yeah, it's minor ego boost time
Gonna post my midwit results cause only the higher IQs are gonna post and unabashedly brag on an anonymous forum. What I find odd is that I have taken a couple IQ tests in the past years and have gotten results around 127-133. 
Not sure why I did bad here but I guess it's cause I've spent the last months browsing the Internet aimlessly 7+ hours a day. That, and I just woke up.
3 minute speed run. Originally speaking.
What happened there, anon?
Was that the one where you rearrange the letters? I got super slow on the 4/5 letter words that I essentially selected random options and clicked next. My mind has gotten super lazy.
Ahh, well these tests penalise you for guessing incorrectly, so that's probably what happened there.
These scores are straight up embarrassing considering this test inflates by 20 points.
I don't care. You're all loser NEETs who retake these tests over and over until you get desirable results, or use inspect element. Kill yourself.
I was bullied in my early teens, but I had worse things going on.
Yea, I dunno how that works either.
Just because that other anon was a dick to you, doesn't mean you have to be a dick to everyone. You're better than that.
Can you select multiple answers with the 3d blocks.
You must be new fag
Yes, I think it said that 3-5 are correct for each block.
To those who took the test, do you think you deserve your score? Maybe higher, maybe lower? Is your score a good representation of your intelligence, do you feel?
idk sth between 50 and 150
This has to be wrong. The average person is far more capable of thinking than I.
It's just a mini game, fren
The only intelligence we can really know is our own, and since we have nothing to accurately compare it against, we don't even really know that.
Not native English so really struggled with the anagrams
im just going to get a real iq test
i skipped 30 questions got 125 then am mad that i got low results even though i knew i would... munkey brained
Vegeta bro....
On a more serious note it seems to reflect how I feel I am relative to the population. I'm ESL and I'm just really bad at rote memorisation, so I was never able to perform exceptionally well in exams.
Well using that alone I'd say puts you ahead of 90% of native English speakers.
I'm above average for sure but this kind of testing isn't quite the same as speaking or writing, and it is also weird because different cultures have their own idioms/sayings/phrases. But yeah people here (English speaking country) communicate with broken English in their emails/texts all the time, like "I'll" becomes "all" and just really broken grammar.
i got 120 total
124 memory
118 verbal
131 spatial 
Can't post pic because ban on India :(
How did u fags remember that box part 
It was way too hard
Don't tell me are you fags cheating
The quality of English in English speaking countries is a fucking travesty. I can only hope that other countries aren't as piss poor with their native language.
I just stare at it and it's like it stays there if I don't blink or move my eyes. With harder ones, I let my visual memory do all but the bottom two or so rows, then I remember those ones as numbers instead. So:
xxxoxo
xoxoxo
I'd remember as 4-6-2-4-6. I dunno if that's cheating exactly, or maybe coming up with a strategy is part of the test? I came up with it on the fly and only got 1 wrong though. At first I was going to use my fingers to cover the 2 or so rows, but I figured that actually was cheating, so I came up with something else.
You can click the instant the image disappears. Just fill in the weird ones in the corners asap and remember the chunks of patterns that are more recognizable
Just what I expected, completely average.
https://youtu.be/yvnz6g48MuU [Embed]
My iq is 40 and I got an score over 120 on this test.
Pretty garbage. Honestly I feel like games like Danganronpa and Phoenix Wright are better at assessing your general intelligence than trash like this.
How'd you know it's 140
Oh u said 40 now i feel like a dumbass
Checks out.
