Meanwhile in an average American school.
Damn... what race are those people? They all look like hodge podges of everything.
Black men are just gods aren't they
love to see people get btfo when they try defending wh*te women
Big ups to the dude's who got their homes back for real.
cute panties. i'm glad she slapped him, otherwise we would never have gotten the chance to see them.
The only whites were the girl who got smacked and her white knight (no pun intended) presumed boyfriend. All the guys fighting on screen were blacks and then you had a bunch of browns watching (Hispanic, very fat so they were probably Mexicans or Hondurans)
I know what you're trying to do, but the white woman was the only unreasonable person here.
Agreed, even as as white person it's clear that she hit first.
Fuck that cracker honkey ass bitch. Nigger wasin the right, can't believe I'm saying this.
The other two guys that ran in were just trying to break it up, looks like.
She deserved a slap for initiating the slap, but the nignogs ganging up = pussies
the american national guard enforced desegregation of schools at the point of a bayonet for this
They weren't ganging up on him, just doing a very bad job at breaking up the fight.
The black would have never lived down being slapped by a woman. It's the way they have been trained you just can't do anything with them so avoid them.
You're right. Rewatching it I can see they weren't doing anything wrong
Anyone else feel bad about supporting the black dudes? I'm white as fuck but I've gotten so bitter toward white knights.
sad. so very very sad.
Looked to me like they were buddies of the human rhinoceros bulldozing our freakishly tall African Americsn gentleman but maybe I'm just optimistic.
Supporting
You don't have to support anyone.
No you're not.
the biggest starter in all of these conflicts is letting students talk. back then, you were only allowed to communicate at a certain time frame. stop letting them have these long interactions
I felt bad for the fat Mexican kid :(
Those chairs are pretty cool
Serious question.. how does America move forward and stay on top in the world order? It's not an exaggeration to say that a shit ton of classrooms are comprised of nigs and spics and the odd white woman now.. this really is the future of American citizenry. How does the USA thrive going forward if these are the new "Americans"?
White girl gets wet to that memory and refuses to have sex with her boyfriend now. Within a month she'll leave him for a black man, probably the one in this video.
we don't. with nogs, it's always a race to the bottom. the only way to prevent this is with a time machine and never import subhuman slaves.
Federal army more consistently enforced desegregation. There are instances of NG units doing the opposite. Regardless, your women belong to black men
Im sure it will keep going we should judge people based on the content of their character not the color of their skin
You reap what you sow white people just got lazy and fucked themselves over lol
Lol the white simp is weak
Women rly have to do so little to be delightful. Easy mode
It doesn't; the U.S. is fucked because niggers are a poison to a country, doesn't help that they multiply like cockroaches and the government itself feeds them with endless gibs. There is no "moving forward" for the U.S. or anyone because everyone is doing everything they can to ensure that the nig population only increases globally. When the west is done Russia is next, then the Asians, then any remaining civilization in a literal tidal wave of shit. World's fucked because everyone unanimously decided to start the world's largest breeding program to increase the nigger population as much as possible at the cost of everyone else.
Not particularly, he got him to the ground but the white guy was starting to get his footing back before he got ganged up on by a pack of chimps
I am judging them on the content of their character. It just so happens that their skin colour happens to be a good indicator of the content of their character.
Why are people calling this guy white? He is clearly Hispanic. You can see his entire ass crack and he is brown. Wtf is wrong with Amerimutts?
is the guy that tried defending the girl a ytboi?
One day a beautiful black woman will embrace you until that day you are not healed
This, white women are randomly violent subhumans that need to be in their own mayo monkey cage.
American white kek
Yep if thats not a Mexican asscrack if I havent seen one
Everything could have been avoided had the Blob just yelled out a tard call and rolled in the nigger's general direction. He has power, yet he refuses to use it.
God, the only way this could have been better is if all the white girls in school were tied up in chains and mass raped and impregnated by the black and brown boys and all the white men, both teachers and students, were all mass executed on the spot. Eventually the white women would be choked to death by deepthroating BBC until they stopped breathing. And the black girls were twerking on the graves and every white structure and all of white history was completely burned and erased from existence and forgotten about in 1 generation. Europe should be called either New Africa or North Africa. God, I wish that was me.
are americans even white? im starting to understand the people saying they arent
theyre conquered by black men
I've had multiple black and half-black gfs. My time with them only made me more racially aware than before.
What crack u smoking Willis I need some
i bet that pussy ass whiteboy had a tiny pink pecker
Most blatantly unwell poster.
Me when racial diversity exists
You are a retard. They were conquered by beaners.
Found the amerilard poster.
holy-
americans are pathetic. its always americans with dumb videos like this
and for a white knight, thats one weak fucking boy. he got beat in seconds. why couldnt he fight?
The black population hasn't increased In decades retard
thank you, abortion clinics. oh wait...
and the whore is laughing while all of this is happening.
Women are pure evil
You people are a disease, I'll be glad when you go extinct.
Blue sweater black guy was trying to break up the fight, you /pol/brained NPC. Watch the video again. He never attacks the grey sweater guy and the red sweater black dude even tries to push him off so he can continue the beating.
juding by the girl's hair, she is probably Hispanic herself. Hispanic women basically look White. I doubt anyone in that school is White to be perfectly honest. 
I don't believe White Americans even exist.
Thats right as the black man is kicking the simp in the head as the other guys hold him too lmao. No wonder the white suicide rate is so much higher, white men are fucked, you're women hate you even AS YOURE DEFENDING THEM HAHAHAHA
Its over.
You're a genuine fucking retard.
Fucking hell m8, check yourself.
The white knight is mexican, bro...
Picrel is a Hispanic woman. I just don't see this beaner defending a white woman. Sounds off.
Thinks I'm just talking about the U.S.
If what I was saying wasn't the case the U.S. nig population would be nigh non-existent because they'd have no gibs with which to multiply with. Regardless; I mean GLOBALLY. Go look a population growth predictions by race and then get back to me.
You post a dozen racebait threads a day then seethe when someone tells you the truth.
control the world with armies and glowies to establish the dollar as world reserve currency, then print infinite dollars to pay for everything, destroy anyone who abandons the dollar (Kaddafi, Saddam Husseyn, Hugo Chavez etc)
Why are you like this, anon? Did a dark man steal your waifu, bully you in school? Or are you so mentally weak and sheepish that you just believed the first thing you saw on /pol/ and decided to be a puppet for anonymous losers who don't give a shit about who they hurt with their flat earth backwards dogshit? Do you also inject bleach too faggot?
You people have had your minds destroyed by the weird porn you beat off to.
I strongly doubt blacks are actually human.
Original comment
The terrorists won. It wasn't the towers, rather, the victory was a set of mid to long term effects on american society.
Yes, i inject bleach into faggots bc they deserve painful death.
A black man killed my dad when i was 11yo. His wife was cheating and my dad was 'the other man'. I plan on killing his daughter out of revenge.
All races find violence funny.
I for one am glad that the chocolate man won this encounter, who knows what shame would be brought upon him had he fallen against that harpy.
I haven't seen west asians or whites laugh about violence, they often find it revolting, east asians and blacks are the worst (esp. Chinese and east subsaharan African.
native americans are weird, as they find it neutral to see violence
not him, but you don't know shit about shit.
You're dad deserved it, sucks to suck. Stop being such a sore loser, cracka.
so many fat people
such america
What even can be causing the violence in American schools
That is definitely not true.
theyre all black as fuck
my god
What ever could be the reason
What is driving teachers to breaking point
Why can't students get along these days
It happens ALL the time on the internet. Whites are just to beta to do that IRL.
What a loser; she probably weighed around half his weight or close
Why can't students throw a punch these days kek
This one is a bit odd. Did the black kid say something to piss the white kid off or did he throw something at him?
underrated post. deserves digits.
I promise you she's breaking up with him over this. Women want to feel protected by their partners and he clearly can't.
Learn to fight properly, anons
I'd know what I'd put my money on
If my gf thinks it's okay to just go up and slap other men she deserves what happens next
Funniest shit l've seen in a while
He wasn't fucking obviously, she was literally laughing at this loser niceguy getting his simp ass beaten. Women want men with backbone, not easily manipulated dogs who beg for pussy after doing a trick. Women hate nice guys.
Kek poor kid. Race relations in school feel much shittier these days then ever. In my high school pretty much all the races of kids self-segregated themselves and never interacted. Call me naive but I don't remember it being this bad in elementary or middle school.
100% real conversation that would happen if you gave that justification
Learn to fight, anons
Or just carry a gun and don't get into fights unless you have one on you.
What they're even doing?
If your opponent isn't down after 3rd strike you're doing something wrong.
If your best martial technique is windmilling, you shouldn't get into fights.
Whoa, radical.
They don't, that why they trying to undermine china to make sure 2nd doesn't reach number 1.
based negro. bitch got checked
Wow, way better than just not being a faggot simp white knight.
Texas has fucking fallen. I just hope this is Houston or Dallas. My entire state is going to be an unrecognizable hellscape by the time I'm old. It already is in the cities.
Move to the countryside and raise your kids there. You'll probably be much happier in the long run.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who noticed that
It's like she got slapped and she naturally opened her legs, on an unconscious level. The way she fell really isn't conducive to her legs splaying apart like that.
But perhaps I don't know what I'm talking about and the factors of the situation aren't as they appear to be to me
Look up the "women are wonderful" effect. You're not wrong. In 90% of situations of day to day life women have a permanent halo effect applied to them.
Of course there are exceptions to this, just as with many rules that exist
im fucking telling you, she was only 'just friends' with the ytboi all along and tried to sneakily text the guy in red later that night
Yep. It's just over. Thinking of moving to rural Oklahoma but even then there's Mexicans and tornados. Guess the Mexicans ain't so bad for the most part. Better than niggers. 
America will never fall as long as it continues to do this. The status quo will be forever upheld. This is why they want people to join the army. Army = dollar hegemony.
China will become a broke incel nation due to having millions more men than women, America would too but we will continue to pump immigrants into our borders to make up for whites and even native non-whites not having babies.
Brics will be forced to continue to align with America, who despite her recent corruptions will reign for a thousand years.
Won't do much until it becomes normalized to throw disrupting retards who don't want to study out of the classrooms.
I mean if you really want to go that route she really doesn't slap him with any intention of hurting him or even being disrespectful. It seemed a lot more like a playful "love tap"
But a lot of women don't understand that you really can't hit a man's face like that unless you want problems, especially not a dude from the hood or with hood values
If I am to have kids then that is what I'll do. My brothers and I are set to inherit some semi-rural property in the country eventually, however the town it's in is expanding. The main strip of road once has beautiful plantation style homes on it but has been entirely replaced with probably a dozen goyslop joints. Burger restaurants as far as the eye can see.
I fear that my small Texas home-town will end up having 50-100k people in it by the time I'm 70..
To be fair women are physically incapable of throwing a good slap or punch so she could've been trying to hurt the nig. Either way it seems like the nigger and the girl aren't well acquainted at all so why the fuck would she think it's a good idea to go up to him and slap him? It doesn't make any sense.
Nah nigga the hell they do.
Picrel is a perfect example of what 2/3 of white bitches looks like in America.
At least the cashier is a qtpie. Many such cases!
the girl just senses that the guy in red deserves respect. so upon closing in o him, she goes meek and loses momentum in her slap as she threw her hand
and everything became clear and makes sense as her just friend gets beat
Many women oftentimes feel that they can do whatever they want within reason, from what I've seen.
I think that's where that old cultural joke about beating your wife even if she's done nothing wrong comes from
do those fat whales get a pass? i mean they kind of should
What a fucking slut. Opened her legs up instinctively like an animal
girls getting forcefully exposed is my favourite fetish
Damn even Eric cartman hold his fat ass away from that race war
Post more chimp outs. This is cool.
Haha love how that bitch ass simp got dropped immediately, wish this would happen to all white knight faggots who jump to defend whores
Awesome
America truly fucking sucks
If she went up to slap some other dude for no reason she is no longer my gf, simple as
Can't stand people dragging me into shit they started themselves
Plus they still give us BBC
Muttimus Americanus
And that's a good thing CHUD, deal with it.
Niggers have been 13% of the population for hundreds of years. It's Mexicans who came in and outbreeded them in a single generation, The future of America is brown.
The problem isn't even the brownies from south.
The problem is population vacuum caused by white women deciding that breeding under replacement level is stunning and brave.
If white women kept pumping 3 kids none of this shit would have happened.
Kek, tranny is definitely going to be bucked in the future
The niggers seem to actually be stopping the fight and that is a bio woman.
niggers are poison
K
GLOBALLY. READ; GLOBALLY.
Red sweater bro took on both challengers, what a chad
africans have a right to live and breed in africa. at this point you're just being a faggot. 
Amazing how you'd rather be overrun in your own country by mexicans than let africans live in africa. pathetic honestly
The white defender guy didn't think fast enough. The slapper knew that his slap would elicit a response from some defender guy, and he was ready for that response. The defender guy didn't realize the slapper was waiting for him. The defender rushed in like a dummy.
white bitch hit first. but of course in this stupid fucking world where brown men worship white bitches, white whores rule all. white women can never do anything wrong. a white girl could shoot a man and all the indians would come out defending her stupid karen ass
whats the gesture (licking hand, putting arm upwards and to the side, other arm on along his leg?) supposed to convey? first time ive seen it
my guess, it was an invitation to get slapped. and the stupid bitch decided to take him up on his offer.
They don't, if you've seen the "elites" coming out of college they are full on commie with starbucks lattes and 1000 dollar macbook pros it's jarring and this was back in 2016 so it's more than likely worse. The only hope for America is either civil war or our competitors collapsing first/faster than we do, the boomers royally fucked us.
COPE 
spics have that stupid edgar haircut and are too poor to afford panda dunks
Niggers have the right to multiply like an infestation and spread out from Africa like a literal plague
This is the thought process that lead us to where we are now, live and let live doesn't work when you share a planet and your government insists that we need to fill our nations with them and replace ourselves with them.
You can dislike both, you know that right? You're being a disingenuous little faggot trying to act like we need to pick one of the two. We don't. It's just that while spics are a threat to the U.S.'s existence, niggers are an existential threat to humanity as a whole. We're never going to leave this planet or colonize other planets because we're being drowned in shitskins.
who are you quoting? I said they had a right to live and breed IN AFRICA. I said nothing about them immigrating, faggot. don't put words in my mouth to serve your gay argument. it's one thing to hate gangster niggers, but hating on people for living in their homes in their homeland, is just extra fag behavior. there are more arabs, indians, and mexicans flooding europe and the u.s, u.k and ireland literally have arab leaders, but the black people living in their home of africa are apparently the bigger problem.
at a certain point, this nigger hate becomes nonsensical and pathetic.
that's one of the worst parts, you beat, stab, or shoot these parasites in self defense and you've "disrespected their race" and now 10 more want you dead.
None of these little faggots know how to fight worth a damn, literally just throwing wild haymakers
this wasnt self defense. the white whore acted out and got what she deserved. white simp tried to whiteknight and rightfully got beat the fuck up.
shut up fag. an entire neighborhood of white men wanted to lynch a black boy cuz a white girl kissed him on the cheek. white men are objectively the more vindictive race
You get what you fucking deserve
The simp wasn't white guy, retard.
That's where all the illegals are. Farm owners have them imported straight from Central America.
either way the simp technically attacked the black man unprovoked cuz the black guy was acting in self defense against the white devilish whore. black guy did nothing wrong
Oh you're a nigger aren't you? Trying to force this false dilemma to pull ire off of your kin under the grounds of
WELL DEYZ IS WORSE!
Yeah? My point is they don't, you fucking idiot: they don't stay in their own shithole and fester there instead of spreading. Literally just LOOK at the population growth predictions by race, if you think those rats aren't going to abandon ship and come to what little is left of the west you're fucking insane. This isn't about picking and choosing which shitskin is worse than the other dumbass, THEY'RE ALL UNIFORMLY BAD. Your retarded reasoning of
Doesn't work and is the exact thought process that lead to where we are now.
Kys spic. Ur just mad that you can't get white wimmenz because Blacks beat you up in front of them.
Yeah, I should have figured you were a nog from how hard you went to bat for them.
And yet it's still miles and miles ahead of the rest of the world. There's no shortage of people trying to legally or illegally gain entry. Sure a lot of that (especially illegally) is for gibs, but there's also a lot of brain drain immigration that's a net positive. So what does that say about the rest of the world?
Oh you're a nigger aren't you?
I'm a Black Man.
false dilemma
what's false about what I'm saying? immigrants from india and the middle east to europe literally outnumber africans 5-1
all uniformly bad
yet the immigrants that are objectively doing more of the replacing aren't being blamed or even named. it's just blacks.
if you think those rats aren't going to abandon ship and come to what little is left of the west you're fucking insane.
close the borders to africans, problem solved faggot. if you're STILL mad at the africans that live in africa after that, you're just a fucking faggot. 
WELL DEYZ IS WORSE!
who are you quoting?
again... who are you quoting?
once a person starts doing the "satarize the other persons argument with goofy lettering and grammar" meme. it's safe to say that they have a grade school understanding of the topic.
Christ so you literally are just trying to muddy the discussion with your posts, thanks for the heads up;
what's false about what I'm saying?
A false dilemma is when you pose options as if their choices and that one needs to be chosen over the other; we do not need to pick between niggers or spics or whatever, they are all bad, so I don't separate them into different categories. A shitskin is a shitskin is a shitskin and so on.
aren't being blamed or even named
Because the guy I replied to was talking about blacks, so I did as well, that doesn't mean I hold spics in higher regards, it just means that I don't random make non-sequiturs about them.
close the borders to africans
Close boarders to spics, there, now you don't have any issues with them either now, yeah? I don't know if you've noticed this, but western governments have a vested interest in completely replacing the demographics of their nation, if it was so simple as me closing the boarders I wouldn't be having this discussion. I wish we handled all issues like this; neighbors house is on fire? Don't worry about it, I'm ABSOLUTELY sure it won't affect my home in the slightest. Regardless; I'm not talking about solutions, there are no solutions, the west made it's bed and now humanity is gonna lie in it. There is literally no coming back from the point we're at.
You, faggot, when you say retarded things and argue in bad faith I am not going to dignify your posts with proper responses I'm going to mock you in the way you deserved to be mocked.
we do not need to pick between niggers or spics or whatever
I never said that we had to "choose". I was just pointing out that your focus on africans was absurd when, objectively and statistically speaking; spics, arabs, and indians are more of a threat. you were only ranting about africans. only chimping out over "niggers" as if they were the only ones immigrating. This whole "they're totally gonna flood our shores" is just typical white male fear mongering to justify terrorizing black folk. it's obvious what you're doing and it's annoying as shit.
Regardless; I'm not talking about solutions
then keep bitching about niggers. theres clearly nothing anyone can do to help you heal.
oh wow! the old "im just pretending to be retarded" response. 
leave africans alone. that is all.
I never said that we had to "choose"
When I talk about niggers and you immediately butt in with "but the Mexicans!" it's clear what you're trying to do.
justify terrorizing black folk. 
Not even remotely true; randomly antagonizing strangers and causing them harm is a nigger trait. Let's see those violent crime rates by race, yeah?
it's obvious what you're doing
To you, you mean, because you've schizophrenically cooked up a motive in your head and have latched onto it like a safety blanket: the thread was about niggers, so that's what I talked about. I don't see a nigger acting violent and think to myself
"You know what I don't like? Spics!"
like you do because you have a personal stake in people hating some "minorities" more than others. If I step on a nail and then step on dog shit I'm going to complain about both despite the nail being objectively worse. But I'd rather just not step on anything.
theres clearly nothing anyone can do to help you heal.
There's nothing anyone can do to help anyone, like I said: world's going to drown in shitskins. Honestly it's funny that instead of the stars it seems that every single government on earth has unanimously decided to dedicate themselves to the shitskins breeding project to see how many we can make before the system falls apart under their weight. It's almost comical that everyone agreed to destroy ourselves just to see how many brown people we could make.
I've never done anything to a nigger in my life, I'm a white man so I don't make a habit out of random harassment and assault like shitskins do, but the odds of you being a criminal are very high.
When I talk about niggers and you immediately butt in with "but the Mexicans!"
When you exaggerate and unfairly place all the blame of western replacement on one group of people who objectively make up the least amount of immigrants to the west, I'm gonna correct you. it's that fucking simple. if I sat here and erroneously stated that indian men committed the most murders per capita in the U.S would you not say something?
well what's the logical conclusion to all this kvetching? if you had control over fate of the world, what would you do? I'm assuming you'd terrorize africans and you wouldn't just stop at closing the borders. that i know for sure.
kino
place all the blame
Again, that never happened, this is something you cooked up in your schizophrenic delusions. I called them what they are; societal poison. How bad they are in comparison doesn't fucking matter. I don't make the distinction. I don't care if you're a nigger, Indian or spic, I view you the exact same either way.
I'd burn it all down because no one deserves it anymore. Even my "fellow" whites value one niggers life over a thousand white people so I genuinely don't care anymore. I'm not such a spiteful little faggot that would waste my time torturing the races I don't like, like a nigger would do. But that doesn't matter, because I don't, so instead of looking at retarded hypotheticals how about we look at the physical reality of the blight that is shitskins, honestly let's look at those crime stats by race.
