Once a loser, always a loser. It's over.
That's a good thing. I don't want a woman that rejected me until her 30s. lmao. I want nothing to do with older women. She is young or I just stay volcel.
datingoverforty
find out he was a loser before
get the ick
turn it around to this being his own fault
There is so much to unpack here, let's just boil it down to this woman's allergy to accountability.
Who cares? Fuck it, you'd have to be insane to try to get with this sort of woman anyway.
I don't get who would be angry over women having hook up phases, or that some woman is settling. For me it'd be a straight forward "we are not compatible" type deal and I'd move on. It's pretty true otherwise, probably shouldn't date sentimental fag with pent up anger about the past
I wouldn't touch these FDS 30+ females with a stick, so no loss on my end
Ew self improvement
As we all know ladies, if a guy wasn't born a fuck-you rich chad then he doesn't deserve this
t. 200 pound unwashed uglier than a pitbull femcel
Fuckin looooooooooooooooooooooooool
Trust me, you don't have to worry about the opinions of 37 year old disney adult landwhale "women" who post on subreddits like that one. Not only are they ugly, but also emotionally damaged and unhinged.
the levels of delusion in that person's reply in the image is off the charts.
Here's what happened: She rode the cock carousel, he received no affection, and when the guys she wanted didn't want her, she settled for him and didn't think she might need to put in actual work to make someone who never felt like anyone loved him before feel loved. He could have been great for her, but she couldn't get over her past any more than he could get over his. Problem is, her past needed her work to fix it and his past needed her work to fix it. That's what happens when you put one person whose cup is overflowing with one person whose cup is drained.
This is why I gave up. I will die and that will be it. Fuck this world and everyone in it. Fuck reproducing. I am done with this fucking earth
My past is in the past, what does my bodycount matt.. ick, an ex-loser you say?!
Actual, unironic, clown world. The definition of narcissism. Desperate losers are the exact kind of men who would be willing to accept the past of these women, but now we're at the stage that whores won't even settle for literal cuckolds. I don't even know what they're chasing anymore. "Chad", you say, but the definition of Chad has evolved to the point where He doesn't even want a relationship. Women want men who don't want relationships.
i did everything right and got laid. started balding immediately after. lost it all.
this sort of woman
Implying this isn't every woman
Utter and absolute naivety.
who the fuck are these women to talk about ''seeking help'' for not having friends and reaching potential?
what help? who the fuck can help with that?
what potential? do they seriously believe there are people who didn't even try to make the best out of what they got and what they knew?
Naive yourself. You're fucking clueless.
Okay, say it is every woman out there. What now? It doesn't change the fact that you'd still be insane to try to get with them.
reddit screencap thread
Go back anon, no one kres 'bout lefty subreddits.
A thread died for this btw oregano desu salt peper hash
meanwhile in real life ugly duckling chad is loved by his gf
no lol FDS is all just slampigs that have a warped view of their own desirability because one time a drunk chad wanted easy pussy. when you see selfies of the women who post there it's very very sad.
what do you mean he was shitting in diapers as a toddler le ick!!? 
-some hole probly
ugh I just found out my bf didn't lose his virginity until 16! 16! God what a loser, I feel raped.
last time i checked ugly duckling didnt imply plastic surgery and leg lengthening
I used to larp on that sub, good times. stacoids are so stupid you just lift them up and they adopt you as your own
Its actually super transparent that its basically all men trying to make women look bad with semi-believeable falseflags to trick the hypocrit admins and their retarded rules.
That shits way more redpilling too.
Possibly but every single comment agreed with her, and her thread was 86% upvoted by the redditfags. A lot of the FDS hags agree with her take.
https://old.reddit.com/r/FemaleDatingStrategy/comments/s5kgw2/please_for_your_own_sake_find_out_if_he_was_a/
Well even if it is real women, this rant is about chad, specifically the chad that won't commit to them. It has nothing to do with average men or incels who they weren't considering as human anyway, a projection of their self subhumanhood also. Chad will survive, a loose hole is born everyday.
don't care if I'm a loser though I am ashamed of myself and my past.
just wanted a woman to give me one chance in my life. none have even glanced in my direction. none considered me even a candidate to date.
if none ever approach me, I just carry on as I am now. I can be self-reliant, if one does, I'll at least have company and can live for someone or family besides my pathetic self. I don't know if I should even entertain that notion now. 
I've largely stopped caring about the opinions of people who've never even considered me in their eyes. Why should I bother with them if they don't even want to even consider me a prospect? Why should I accept them now? Only now that I seemingly have a career in order, good finances, etc am I even likely to be considered. Before that, I was just scoffed at or ignored. Never felt like I was even in the game. Never participated for fear of rejection. Was never approached either. I'd be lying to say it's not slightly out of spite. It's mainly that I don't want to just be some beta-provider to people that seemingly have dated around like men are just a buffet to choose from. There are plenty of men who aren't even considered now, and as society undergoes demographic decline we will see the slow, degrading effects this has as the foundations of western society start crumbling. I won't take my anger out on a partner, but I don't have to give the older women a chance now that they are desperate to settle down with me only because they feel their clock is ticking.
As a guy, she's not completely wrong though. FDS is a shit place, but plenty of anons on here think getting a gf means all their problems are going to go away. It doesn't and they'll just end up shifting it onto her. Unless we're all truly joking about the shit we say here, do you really think you won't have misogynistic tendencies towards her?
I know I will. Proud misogynist and I stand on that.
r/FemaleDatingStrategy
Imagine being demoralized by this shit.
Based. All my chad pussy destroyer irl friends and relatives are misogynists, they wouldn't know what the fuck an "incel" or a reddit is though. Good guys.
Reading this shit has ruined my morning, dumb foids can never understand what being a loser/winner is like as they live life being considered intrinsically valuable by society (while men are considered extrinsically valuable according to the kinds of things she lists)
FDS is retarded but the premise of the post is correct for men and women. If you're experienced you really don't want to be the "first time" for an emotional retard who is barely holding it together enough to be appealing. That's how you end up sticking your dick in crazy or getting involved with someone who gets way too attached way too quickly. 
Getting icked out by someone who was a second choice in highschool or had a nerdy phase is pretty fucked up though. It's unfair and unreasonable to hold someone's formative years against them unless they did something objectively shitty or are demonstrating signs they haven't moved past it yet (which is the most charitable reading of what this post is getting at).
And to add to this, I'm a winner considering where I came from (narcissistic abusive parents; for anyone born to such it is an immense struggle to become a winner in life). However, even though I can become many times greater and more successful than the chads I grew up with, I can never be one with them because of how different I am to normies. And to women regardless of everything else if you aren't a normie chad in a social context you are a loser, you could be a billionaire entrepreneur and self-published writer and musician but if you can't speak with people and have a social circle it ain't worth shit.
FDS can safely be ignored about everything
It doesn't change the fact that you'd still be insane to try to get with them.
Mega incel. It's the reason you exist, might as well stop breathing while you're at it.
If you're going to whine about a fucking reddit post, include the whole fucking post next time you absolute waste of life.
stop caring, you really think stacies use FDS? lol this entire sub is literally dedicated to slampigs doing their best to filter for men who don't wanna pump and dump their nasty asses
No woman cares. If she's doing a background check, she just wants to justify being alone. Give her your BBC and she'll calm the fuck down.
I am conived that place is a ugly women psyop to make men hate normal women.
Men literally have bare minimum standards, most men only really want the following from a woman
 Don't be annoying
 Dont cause me additional stress on top of everything else I have to deal with
 be feminine 
 Don't be a whore 
And yet men are still expected to compromise their standards for women
I know this is a bait post, but for fucking real why is that is it so unacceptable for men to have standards
It's over.
I'm a woman and if I found out my partner went trough tough times just like me then I would comfort him.
This post makes me so sad :(
So tell me femanon what do you bring to a relationship
 Well I'm loyal, I'm open minded, I've been really trying to work on myself, I've been going to therapy and doing yoga, trying to really be at peace with who I am, really I'm just me!
Uh huh, and uh how tall was your shortest bf?
 He was 6'3
And how much money would a man have to make for you to consider dating him?
 OH at least $650,000, I am not cheap hahaha
assuming no larp, what would be your red flags?
you're a good person anon, hopeypu had a nice day.
tough times
let me guess, chad pumped and dumped you?
what would be your red flags?
Idk.
I'd rather state my green flags, those being:
is masculine.
is very protective of me.
is kind and friendly to everybody!!
Tysm anon &lt;3
No, I never had sex.
What happened is two random guys beat me up rly badly for no reason and it took me long to recover :(
Noo you haven't been a well adjusted normie all your life? Sorry not sorry but you deserve to be alone
Lol I don't care or want a judgemental vapid woman like this in the first place, I understand to some degree like if he's a loser and immature and brings shit into a relationship and doesn't care about employment, being a Hikki/NEET or just an insufferable emotionally moronic individual, but once a loser all ways a loser mentality? Absolute bullshit. After going through tribulations and coming out the other side a better man for it, someone who progressed past their flaws regardless of what they were, could be addiction constant isolation whatever and you won't give them a chance based on their past? Who the fuck would want a bitch like that to give them the time of day. Kek again "YOU HAVE TO HAVE BEEN A NORMIE YOUR WHOLE LIFE!!!, or you can't smell my vagina" This post didn't even piss me off just made me more aware of how cynical and retarded women can be based on nothing but assumptions
ugly duckling chad
The fuck is this shit?
Can't fix being a whore, sorry flappy. Better luck in your next incarnation.
u/[deleted]
I bet the bitch called out a transvestite being a pedophile loser, like the average /r9k/ tranny.
nerd in puberty/fat and became a chad
female dating strategy is literally the female version of incels. everyone outside fds hates fds. including women. including inceltear even. just ignore their disgusting rhetoric just like women should ignore incels telling them they "hit the wall" at 23. 
this femcel obviously had one bad experience with a guy who was introverted, and projected that onto every introvert she sees. that's not rational at all. lonely ppl don't tend to take out all their anger from loneliness onto the first person that shows them affection. that's just what the one guy she dated did. just insta ignore if it's from fds, it's .is for women.
I find these women legit terrifying. It's why I tell all my dates I'm a virgin so they can just leave if it disgusts them
these ppl are horrible. good ppl know to avoid them bc they're so bitter and judgmental. once you catch onto one, get out. even if they're nice to you but super disrespectful to others, you're always gonna be one misstep away from being another loser in her eyes. no matter who you are. she screams narcissist vibes. i'm glad you're honest so you can weed out those types of ppl.
Women truly are united by nothing but trauma.
oh and what are men united by? i don't think any women are uniting with fds users any time soon.
FDS is copium for femcels bitter evolution made average men undesirable to them to the point they're practically asexual.
holy shit i fucking hate women so much its unreal.
Do these bitches even have innie vaginas? They act like some hot shit that deserve Chads, and they don't even see 80% of the male population as humans.
beat up by random guys.
Should have raped and killed you too. 
No sympathy here, nigger
Lmao at this entire thread. Women are so cringe, jesus.....
why do these whores seem hell bent on killing every last shred of hope I ever had. When i lose it im not sparing these dumb bitches any mercy.
I also wouldn't. But try to take down as much lesbos as you can, too. Thanks.
different anon, but I don't care about lesbos. I have nothing to do with them, my ire is mainly for the chad-chasing teehee monsters.
Whores that slutted around when they were younger and basically created the dudes that they hate as specified in this image deserve to end up with one.
The real fix for this is women being chaste. 
It doesn't have to be that they need to fuck or date loser guys who make them feel revolted
If they just didn't fuck every hot guy with a pulse and basically validate those guys existence tremendously for aleatory qualities, then the issue wouldn't be half as bad
Men would just feel lonely and not bitter about it.
Instead men feel lonely and angry about life because they watch a guy that has done, literally nothing except be born get the tremendous amount of chemical release and emotional validation that those kinds of men get. 
Modern society would genuinely be a better place if women weren't whores, it's ridiculous. Instead they go around as slaves to their basic animal urges and then castigate and repudiate men who have the exact same thoughts, because of the phenotype that they did nothing to cultivate
This
I already hated people
But these past few years have really really set me on a track to never respect women as a group again. I fucking dislike women so much. 
The only thing that keeps me from being a misogynist who actively is hateful towards women is that my instincts to be supportive and protective of women are still stronger than my experiences dictate my opinions.
I can only hope that this continues to last
lesbos are still foids
only reason they are lesbos to begin with is because chad wouldnt give them a chance
Dykes aren't even real. No woman is actually 'lesbian'. They all end up dating a Chad in the end if they just get the chance.
collectively abuse and torment all men to the point of ptsd
keep abusing them in the relationship
suprised pickachu face when he finally snaps
wow how dare he feel upset that we torture him
normalize killing all women
women are so full of hate, that's what the internet has taught me
normalize killing all women
Based.
Insanity is a core part of the female human. If you aren't a giga-Chad, they can only be demons to you. Kill all women, lesbos, and females.
I love incel forums like .is and fds, they let me look into the most basal thinking of each gender so I can hate them for their neurobiology
Daily demoralization thread
You will not beat me, jew. I will rise above your obvious shitthread.
Tell me one thing, do you have a penis?
women must go back to living in fear again. this will happen when society collapses, and when it does, we must do everything in our power to construct a new society where women live in constant fear.
90% of the time i see woman on the internet its either them being massive whores, or trying to ruin one of my copes for being misogynistic. They have no value. They contribute nothing. All they know is how to destroy.
is masculine 
So chad. Not some guy who is shy and emotional. Fuck you. Not all of us can be manly.
I'm a woman and if I found out my partner went trough tough times just like me then I would comfort him.
later post says she wants a masculine man 
Fuck you
I didn't read the image (too long) but i guess it's about vetting your partner before committing fully which is the right and smart thing to do. Past actions most often than not show you how that person will act in the future.
You know that those wannabe stacies that post like that are as insecure like r9k incels? If you live in societaly fucked up country like usa its true that most women have a "settle after 30" attitude, but its mostly caused by a trend and peer pressure, if youre a special something for her and shes a girl that is really worth pursuing (character/gf materialwise) everything should work just fine. Its fucked up reality and % amount of normal women that rally value important things in life, that destroys the equation for you guys. In normal circumstances 1/3 to 1/5 woman are worth pursuing, in something like usa i guess its probably 1/20, if you take into account your standards (like only pursing >6/10) it quickly becomes something like 1/50 and suddenly theres that incel speak about "all woman bad". Read op img again and see what it really is - its not a normal girl opinion, its opposite end of the stick of the incels, same low self esteem, same energy, same need of being heard and conforted by a fellow ortodox belivers. You see and hear the most obnoxious and loud people, its not a rule that confirms your narration. 1st world countries got it worse when it comes to this topic, you get gov support and usually can neet without a problem, you got cheap gas, food, but the system corrupted your females, at least most of them. You all fix on the issue instead of trying to solve it, because we all know that bitching up about the issue (like the op stacy case) is easier and quicker instead of actually trying something new. Basicly you behave like the stacies and are part of the problem, only you do it on a robot contaiment board and theyre shiting their opinions on all sm/reddit.
tl;dr hard times are happening and its your call what to do. You may bitch about it, persue females outside "stacie market"(try outside the US and dont view it as a work but an adventure) or just aquire enlightment and dont be so fixated on the thought of sticking your pp inside the pussy.
I remember on Reddit reading a woman go on and on about how men peak in attractiveness at 25 then it's all downhill from there and so on.
When I checked her history it turned out she had spent the entirety of her 20s being a side bitch for a 50 year old and now was having a breakdown about turning 40 and it being too late to start a family.
go work on yourself incel and you will get a gf!
they post this shit
Masculine men can be comforted without turning into a little bitch like you
Masculine men are stoic rocks who do not need comfort. Why does a man have to be manly to be loved? What about autistic shy men?
a human life really should be as simple as:
01-14 be a kid
14-18 nepotism/community should lead to pair-bonding at this age (in the best case its your osananajimi)
18-21 get real with your so and start a family and go into training/college
21-40 raise children while supporting your family and so
I failed all that. Time to off myself.
I am exactly what she is describing and it hurts...I think she's right though in a sense, I cannot shake the fact that I'm a Loser despite trying hard over the years. I'm like elastic, I always just go straight back to how I am: a Loser.
Nigga, you have to find the thing in life that can put you into a eatthew effect loop to improve.
What does that involve? can you tell me more?
Onions un ganador! I'm a winner baby, so why don't you fuck me.
Kek cant even post music lyrics on this site
$oy un ganador! I'm a winner baby, so why don't you fuck me.
I like seeing glimpses into this delusional world they have, it makes 90% of the shit we do on here look normal and well-adjusted, this post is a LARP, everything on FDS is a LARP, these are the ugliest most maladjusted women alive, none of them ever actually date, none of them are fucking chads or even average men, they just sit on reddit and invent all this shit
its 2023 who gives a fuck about woman anymore
That shit right there is why I never bothered getting closer to anybody. There are just so many retarded faggots in the world that would do nothing but make your life worse just by virtue of being around you whether they have a cock or some meh tier snatch.
FDS is a femcel subreddit, half of the shit on there is completely made up scenarios by coping uggos
based, cut off their beta buxx support. This should be our #1 target audience
Everyone from fds are wanna be try hards. Their ONLY game is filtering through the BOTTOM of the barrel trash from society, like yeah sure their advise works when you are dealing with the obsolete shite of men willing to humble them. 
Otherwise it would exist,there would be no need for it, they are trash themselves and dont even know. 
I used to be depressed guy, i was lazy and insecure. I had nothing to live for till fds came about. 
I now try my very best to become the very best good person that i can be (chad) so i could maybe on the off chance turn one these toxic women down.
I was more of a weirdo in high school. Sometimes got bullied, but was mouthy and smart enough to get back with my words. 
Just started my first job out of college and I have my first ever gf that I met a year ago. Thinking about marriage, I'll never find another like her. She already knows how much of a weirdo/psycho I am and still loves me.
Some bitches like this reddit thread deserve misery &amp; are far too judgmental. Don't waste your time with them, and if you choose to, keep it to a fling. There are better women out there that deserve your attentions. Sucks that they're rare though, it took me a decade to meet mine.
FYI, it still isn't perfect but it's great. Set your standards and swipe the first person that meets them. Don't let it "not work out"
I hope mine does.
women
support neurodivergent people!
also women
ew he can't even flirt what a loser!
The hypocrisy would be amusing if it wasn't so tiring
5hese women don't want anyone was ever a loser. They want the chad, the guy who was always successful at sports in school then gets a sweet job in their early 20's. Chad will get with the a nice 22 year old, not hard to look good at that age. If they want a top 20% man they better be top 20% themselves. As they get into their 30's, they are realistically more even matched so should lose the attitude or just stay single if they can't deal. There are low value men and women, they should be happy with each other.
Just goes to show you should use self improvement for yourself and not for women. Women won't fix all your issues.
I was overweight but lost weight, I never wanted to let my gf know about my past so I would hide old photos. Women have many faults anyway so its not like I have to feel super grateful the a women to be together, it should workout about even. It does take extra resources to not be single, some people just think they can be used elseware such as hobbies.
Population control, possibly.
Holy smokes, she really pulled that one out of her ass. An entire essay of icks and then one vague line of "he's going to take it all out on you.. in some unnamed way" they're always the victim of something if they don't get Chad huh boys?
I shit in diapers until I was 8 years old top kek...
Or maybe until 10yo I dont remember exactly
how is anyone fucking or breeding when women are this insufferable? I've always been basically invisible to them but the second they start to mock or undermine me, i would kick their ass out of a moving vehicle, i seriously don't know how you guys that hit it and quit it even tolerate it, must be addicted to the vagina or something
These FDS women aren't breeding with anyone. 
That entire subreddit is a cope for why they ended up getting pumped+dumped by 6.5/10 males. They got pumped and dumped because guys can't tolerate being around them for more than a few months. Even if they were fat they could have locked down some guy like that in an LTR based on how tilted the dating market is today.
The guys who got rejected or dumped by a girl they were seriously in love with and never found peace
sniffles
