Rejoice sluts, sissy Saturday is here again!
From crossdressing to anal, chastity to cum eating, discuss all things sissy here!!!!
I'm I the only one who has noticed an uptick in sissy/femboy threads since these threads started? Like, I'd see maybe two or three every other day in the past but now there's a handful of them posted every day.
Trends happen in waves
It's not impossible to think that these threads are starting a movement on this board
I know, but I don't know if it's one of those things where I'm just more aware of it now or if their actually was an increase in interest, regardless; these threads are fun.
the logical conclusion for all robots is sissyism after all
I wouldn't say all, some go the route of gymcel or unironic fat bastard.
ya and thats why they stay virgins forever
Word 
These threads are tons of fun
hello sissy thread!
is dirty crusty hobo gangbangs the fag equivelant of women having a rape fetish
Hello!
How's your week been
Is this a common fantasy or something?
usually it's only 1 ugly bastard for me
not too bad! how about yours??
anything new and exciting in the sissy world?
Oh same old same old
Probs gonna cum in my face tonight
ooo it's been too long since I had a proper load on my face! it was always very hard to cum on my face though...
The reality is that a key aspect of your fetish is 'corruption.' Basically, the notion that you are creating sissies out of normal people and that they in turn will do the same like its some contagion is deeply appealing to you.
Why was it hard for you? 
Not really
Why do I have this fetish? I hate myself.
So then just don't indulge in ti or come be my slave
Sorry slut but you're with us
I'd rather not be. Maybe I'll kill myself instead
Yeah I don't really care what you do sissy as long as you do it fabulously
I don't want to be fabulous. I want to be masculine.
Yeah like I said I don't really care sissy
Please stop posting real pictures of yourselves stuffed into too small womens clothing and stick to posting 2D only
A bony faggot in socks isnt attractive like 2D traps are
2D porn boards are that way -->
Take a chill pill dawg
Of all the posts in these threads this one is by far the gayest
I've repressed my sissiness for years. Just seems like a waste of time
To defend that anon; Check the sticky.
That has always and will always be about selfies, you're not allowed to post your face, even when mods enforced the rules years ago no one got banned for pics of their body.
Have you ever beem with a woman?
Yeah like 8 years ago
Damn well maybe you should stop repressing your sissy side and become a faggot to get laid
Maybe I don't want to get laid anymore. Besides why am I going to take dozens of hours of my time to have painful sex with a man that doesn't care about me?
tfw when there is no one to forcibly lock me up and turn me into a femboy slave
Well what do you want anon? Hmm.m
:(
seems a bit quiet this weekend
I don't know anon I'm just venting. I fully expect to die alone
Hopefully that mean sissies are out getting PLOWED
Oh come on anon don't say that
or you could aspire to be someone's little plaything, owned and leashed like a good sissy slut
i hope that's the case and they show us the aftermath later
That would be unfathomably based
what a cute little sissy slut
at least i have 2d
Ive been a repressed sissy since I was a teen. Played football, lifted weights and been overweight the whole time. I never had a chance at being a real sissy.
That being said, I have bottomed for a few older men before but now I have a wife and I miss being a cocksucking cumslut. I cant cum unless I imagine myself in a BBC gangbang or something like that
Oh I'm sorry to hear that anon
But you now what they say, better to jave love and lost than to never have loved at all
So what's your sex life with your wife like? A sexless marriage?
terrible :( always a bad feel
I've never agreed with that. I was at my happiest before I discovered love and then quickly realized something is wrong with my brain that makes me always push people away when they start to like me. Now I remember what it was like and I long for it.
I just want a strong, masculine man to sissify me and turn me into his petite boywife I want him to ravage me on his bed every night where can I find this. Grindr is so ass
Oh come on anon don't say that
why?
what good will that do?
Not sexless but her libido is much lower than mine. She does a pretty good job indulging some of my fetishes but Ive never mentioned my sissy thoughts, crossdressing or experience with other men. It goes against how I was raised and she doesnt seem like she would be that accepting. 
I just find myself constantly craving the taste of cock, the feeling of having my ass filled up. Im a pleaser and ive never enjoyed anything more than taking care of an older daddy with my holes
where do i find a sissy femboy bf it's literally my dream
Hey, i'm 5'3
Ah that's tough anon
I'm sure it doesn't make you feel any better but I've never loved and I want to die everyday 
Because you shouldn't give up on happiness no matter how much the journey hurts
This thread is getting lowkey mad depressing. Guees it's sad sissy hours
more please
erjkjJrj4i KE
do you have discord
oroO skedjjs
greetings
never posted in these threads b4
Do you really think being a sissy brings happiness? I don't see how it's fulfilling
post yours or a throwaway email
could find someone willing and turn them into one
Need to post my cock in your bussy 2bh
Tibetan.Lawn.Care.Jamboree#0130
Incredible taste in panties
thanx but they're my moms l0l
Even better taste
lol i took these in her closet while she was home
That's hot but think about buying your own panties. How would she feel if she knew you were wearing hers?
no mone :((
Really want to do the mom son combo
God that's hot. Is she single? If not just imagine being caught and made to "replace" her in the bedroom for a night
Lol make an amazon wishlist and I guarantee someone here would buy you some
omfg why is this so hot 
maybe but idk if im dat desperate lol
Would you?
get back in and get a clearer picture
Whoops didn't mean to quote myself, meant for >>73059454
i'm so desperate for cock ik i would
How old are you?
I think you'd be more fun than your mom
For me it's all about humiliation. I want to make a cute boy cum like a girl in front of his mom
18 oreginolly
You're a little fresh boi
Bet you're into ageplay
I want to bend you over, grab your skinny sissy hips, and pound my bare cock inside you until I cum.
Then kiss you lovingly on the lips and cuddle.
God I'd love to make you call me daddy while I breed you
Mmm I'd love to feel your hard cock press inside my tight hole daddy ;)
Leather looks great on you
Thanks, I love the tight feeling of it on me ^-^
That's so lewd sissy
I also love being tied up and cuffed tight too, so I can't escape from men who want to feel me up and play with my hole ;P
This thread is exactly why I boil my water.
It's because Zoomers have given up and it's their way to cope.
Having been raised in a feminized, woke world and lacking masculine values, they are unable to attract females and form normal relationships. Watching porn from an early age, they are projecting themselves into the women being ravaged and wish to become them.
Same with the constant barrage of mentally ill trans people, BBC or cuckold threads. It's all coping mechanisms of a lost generation.
Quite pathetic.
My new fantasy is you teaching this >>73059278 18 year old sissy the way to be a true slut
just admit you're an effeminate male and stick with that, rather than trying to pretend to be a woman
That's pretty hot anon, I'd love to train that slut to take my cock and gag on a dildo ;)
Well personally I don't larp as a woman or anything, I'm just a fem twink in girls clothes and I like servicing dick.
You dumb as h3ll my boi
Nice bum to go along with that bump
It's sissy sunday sluts
I'm a zoomer, can confirm. I never had a chance.
I remember seeing you in a thread talking about meeting up with a black guy. Did you actually do it?
tfw no sissy bf
any cockhungry femboys from germany here?
Nothing new other than wearing a different pair of panties everyday
Post some for the class
It's been getting significantly worse of the past few weeks for me, I'm in-between jobs right now and it's like all this free time is worming perverse thoughts into my head.
Lmao it it actually affecting you that much just jerk off slut
sissy sermon when?
Not really the one's I like to wear but hope this satisfies your need
It's a bit better than me posting that same pic of "Panties in the box"
You need to try them out for the class
Top ones are super cute
size difference is very hot
Too bad I'm 6'2"
That just means you need a 7 ft daddy
That's never going to happen. Basically the same level as female delusion. That guy would find a way hotter, younger, and wilder sissy
Oh my god you never know maybe he has a tall sissy fetish
Mine I have on are pink/white with flowers on them
Drawer is filled with cute panties
Don't be a tease, qt
He's basically gonna be a living toy at that point... and he's gonna enjoy every second of it
ya i did, it was alright
A lot of guys like sissies that are taller than them. I just cope with that
That's all you're gonna tell us?
Has anyone used Taimi? I can get like 1500 matches but I don't really want to have sex with anyone
Not me but why don't you want sex?
I get overwhelment and the I cum and I don't want to anymore
Gotcha, so it's not that you're not attracted to men, it's an anxiety thing
yeah it seems kinda crazy to just go get my ass destroyed
It's unironically the best feeling and I'm a top.
This
Having someone go at their pace and basically controlling your pleasure with their cock is amazing
only time I did it it hurt a lot
Well there's a million follow up questions to ask to find out why
Did you use enough lube?
Had you practiced in yourself before?
Did he just have a massive cock?
Were you 2 not communicating well?
Did you use enough lube?
no that was the biggest issue
Had you practiced in yourself before?
yes
Did he just have a massive cock?
not at all
I couldn't really think about anything and was wrapped in layers of anxiety
You should not be having sex.
Use more lube and see a therapist(not at the same time)
I guess suppression is the only answer
Yep, that's a hang up for a lot of people. I can ride my dildo no problem but even the mere idea of another person being involved wrecks my nerves and fills me with anxiety.
That absolutely is not the only answer dummy
Why not? I'm stuck and I'm only getting older
Stuck how? It sounds like you've tried once and just given up
I've talked to a lot of guys. They just want to use me and then throw me out. Nobody is even nice or normal about it.
Oh my god anon that's the most grim way to describe a casual hookup I've ever heard
That's the reality of it
I find it hard to believe anon
They're not even nice to you? They don't even pretend? Don't you think you're just exaggerating
Maybe our definitions of nice are not the same
I thinks that may be so anon
Sorry if I've come off as rude and I'm sorry you've struggled
It's fine. I have a lot of issues.
We all do and we all have to take it one step at a time, that's the only way to live
We laughed 
We cried 
We came
I'd say that's another successful sissy weekend!
Should I install grindr? Kinda scared of randoms
What's the alternative?
Are you able to find people in real life?
No. I had sex for the first time in japan with a trans prostitute
sissy bussy bump ;p
As the weekend draws to a close, I hope your /sissy/ weekend was fun and slutty ;) Here's a pic for those still lurking :3
looks like everyone else is asleep :P
Based
I just woke up! Hope your sissy weekend was fabulous too!
Thanks! It wasn't too bad, got dressed up and played with myself ;)
That's always a fun time
Monday grind sucks compared to the joy and freedom of the sissy weekend imo
Yeah, I miss the weekend already :(
Hope to take more pics for next week's thread though :3
I think I speak for the whole thread when I say we can't wait to see that!
Yay, hope to see more OC from others too next time :D
Yeah this thread was really missing dreads femboy
True, hope he makes a return!
I guess sissy Monday doesn't quite have the same ring to it
Oh, I just didn't really make anything recently. and I guess I was busy with other things Sunday.
No inspiration for new concepts I guess. Pitch me something.
I'm gonna suck one of your guy's cocks of you're not careful.
Uhhhhh....
A pirate sissy
Hello~
This is an old pic but whatever.
Quite nice. Maybe I should try those porn heels once.
Probably expensive though.
Nice legs 
Who's that plushie btw
Lol nope, it's all chink stuff. But it does help that I'm super short (5'3)
Thanks! That's Zero Two from Darling in the Franxx
How much did you pay for those in those pictures?
Including everything you do not see? Good question, around 50 eurobucks I would say
I found a guy that really wants to feminize and fuck me
Lucky you, what's next
i really need to make some money so i can afford my own place and possibly go out wearing outfits like t hese in public
anyone here crossdress outside?
holy fuck that skirt is cute, nice style
Do you pass?
That's a huge step to crossdress in public
not quite but i can look alright
Hopefully someone beats you up. Don't go out until you pass.
Based, well I hope you get that money, sounds exciting to go out like that
I think moat peoplw here crossdress for pure sexual enjoyment tho
Unironically kill yourself
I have been on estrogen for 20 months 
I just hide it
I've never even cross dressed 
I just sent see the appeal in looking like a man in woman's clothes
Am I missing something
Not really, just different strokes for different folks
probably getting scared and ghosting
Based typical r9k poster
Okay, I'll post some old original content I guess.
Nice
I'm imagining sucking your cute toesies
Today marks my first day using a small metal cage, my goal is lasting till friday then commung hands free.
I'll only take it off for peeing, showering and sleep. (not using the urethral tube)
Wish me luck, tips are welcome
Good luck!
This is a huge step in being the perfect sissy slut
for me it's being sent to prison and being gangraped (literally)
KEK underrated 
theres estrogen in it dontcha know
The toes of all things?
Why not just the peepee?
As always, there needs to be more peepee.
I'll suck whatever you want babe but I personally love feet
