Do women REALLY enjoy abuse and borderline rape? The fuck?
Yes. I want a sex depraved robot to rape me until I miss myself and record it.
not all of them but a large number love to feel the hardest cock and abuse they can experience, as they feel satisfaction and relief. Also the taboo of unwanted cock is hot
after their first boyfriend fails, they self-degrade in their head to the point of only being able to experience sexual release from abuse
a girl's only shot at love is her virginity taker, after that it's only downhill and she never wants him to leave her, but virginity to men isn't very important and young women are too stupid to know how to hold a man down
men who get sexually empowered also look at other women, their first girl unlocks their value and then it's a snowball effect for men to chase as much pussy as possible; women have no concept of how to bond with an autistic man (teenager)
the only solution is teaching girls how to bond with boys and withholding sex until a bond is in place, at which point the man will value her above all else
sex with a virgin male without a bond just makes him into a sexual animal that chases pussy without regards for feelings
Do women REALLY enjoy abuse and borderline rape?
I think psychologically, and especially with stuff related to our subconscious such as sexual desire, people can tend to go to psychic extremes. Even Aristotle arranged his conception of pathos along the lines of dualistic pairs
an easy solution has always been to pair young kids together, the bond is natural and sex is never a concept explored until teenager
virgins want vanilla sex
non-virgins, without their virginity taker, want abuse
why is that?
virgins want vanilla sex
non-virgins, without their virginity taker, want abuse
why is that?
I'm going to need a source, big guy
basic human understanding
people really aren't unique, there's only 3 unique people in your life: your mother, your father, and your first lover
after that, our violent tendencies kick in and while we may act like decent, nice people; we want blood &amp; war
Damn. I'm loving her WBB!
that's a very ugly photo
autistic eye
Hello, depraved robot here. Time for your daily rape correction.
yes women actually enjoy that it isnt ironic it is the way to a females heart i promise you
They're the meme gender, the last thing you should feel is pity
women run this world don't get confused chump
Women can't even run their minds. They'rein msm autopilot decades before it was the Church
Only the mentally ill oens
So yeah, virtually all of yhem
women give the appearance of useless, stupid, but in reality that's an act to give you a sense of control
I can't stress enough how fake women are, it's sometimes safe to assume the OPPOSITE for everything you perceive them as
a virgin teenage girl is worth trillions of dollars
a virgin teenage girl is worth trillions of dollars
A virtuous woman will be hard to find, she is worth far more than rubies.
- King Salomon
Nothing new under the sun anon
Oh wait thats a Salomons quote too
there's nothing, and I mean nothing, virtuous about women
they hate their life with a burning passion, and think sex is gonna solve their issues
in a way it does, for a bit, then their boyfriend looks at another girl, and it's over.
Read Sex and Character by Weininger
Women dont have anything virtuous, but they have nothing of unvirtious either
They are outside morals
they wake up one morning and have a bloody mess in their panties
Women can't even control themselves. Don't make me laugh. 
Of course I see that you just defend them as a fellow pharma victim
women are masters of control
if they act out of control they're doing it for effect, manipulation and sympathy
they want you to see them as useless creatures to be helped
I'm not defending them, they are currently endangering the entire world
Women are like a pampered kid. You may think that they're in control because daddy spoils them and they try to make it happen but at the end it's daddy's money and cartoons what controls the kid's life. 
Women do what the state and the big corpos want like kids trust cartoons with blind faith. 
If celebrities tell them to eat shit they'll do it with a smile and will try to shame anyone who tells them that's disgusting. 
Cattle, that's all what they amount to
all women are masked, they follow trends, they try to be cool, they form their personalities from literally everything they consume &amp; experience
men only form their personality through experience
imagine being able to learn from everything you see, on a device, in person, through word of mouth
men can't do that, women can
They're a mirror, not a sage. They do not learn, they just copy acriticaly. They go through life like a cargo cultist
they don't want to be a sage, they want to be cool liked and respected by everyone around them
they compete with each other, not men
they're socially superior, but men have the academics and words of wisdom (once experienced) down pact
 clickbait 65.jpg
I kneel OP-sama
all women are masked, they follow trends, they try to be cool, they form their personalities from literally everything they consume &amp; experience
they are ultimate conformists, they go through they life without any hardships, they always get everything on the silver platter including relationships (they always wait at the end line for the male winner)
men only form their personality through experience
experience that is full of hardships, failures and pain women will never understand how hard is to be a man, we as a men are expected to take hardest jobs which may result in injury or death, female lives are so easy that they watch pointless entertainment about murderers, rapists and ofc horror movies because they lack any difficulty and thrills in their daily life. They are real NPC gender.
women have the hardest struggle in existence, men have it quite easy
but bro they get easy attention and they can have sex on demand!
shut the fuck up retard, just shut the fuck up and find the nearest birdge
retarded roasty beef
imagine being the gender that absolutely fundamentally relies on the other not being fucking retarded to experience life as intended
men can quite literally go their own way and be happy, they really can, they don't need women
women NEED a man, they need someone who isn't a fucking retard
That's how women see themselves. They're detached from reality and that's why men excel at every cathegory that requires contact with reality
Ultimately is why a few old man control the world. Experience with reality, acumulated wealth and valuable relationships
women are abstract, they can't be understood
men are literal, they're very easy to control
women NEED a man, they need someone who isn't a fucking retard
they don't need man anymore since government have become their husbands giving them money and protection, entirety of our mode society is a made up artificial creation
women in such a situation hate the fact that they leech
they don't want something for nothing, they really don't
they're happy to take a guy's money if she's giving out pussy, but otherwise they want nothing to do with you
trannies really believe it logically follows that this person is lying and the most likely case is that every single aspect of their morphology developed incorrectly and but they're in denial about it
Exceptional gaslighting from the mentally ill
t. plays female characters
that shit is bad for ur male ego believe me!!!!!!!!
Women are the easiest group to control. Why do you think they're the default target of marketing and political propaganda? 
Abstract are some art men. Women are teluric and bound to animal instincts
people have been figuring out for years how to make media for women to enjoy
they are the taste makers, what they like lives on forever
nobody does that and marketing is for retarded men
Yawn... you're hopeless. Womenlike the bladest shit like telenovelas and Turkish dramas. 
Both made in conservative countries that know that women are mentally children. 
The only media that fails to connect with women is made by men who fell for the equality lie
Do you think the non-mentally ill obsess about their "gender" all day like you do?
there's a big difference between passing the time and actually liking something
girls get into relationships all the time with a guy they have no interest in being with long-term, just to be with someone
again, you fail to understand the female mind!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT5OFBrKgA4 [Embed]
of course they do, gender is where all their problems are
men want social skills, women want physical affection
what are we gonna do about it?
once upon a time my girlfriend wanted me to punch/beat her during sex and also sometimes asked me to ignore consent and fuck/rape her so yes it's more likely than you think
i once had a 15yo girl cut me with a knife asking if i liked it during sex
it was pretty hot, they like being cut during sex
i still regret not getting more into it and trying to explore that world of possibilities with her, i eventually broke up with her and my life has been on a constant downhill ever since, it's fucked up because i even (used to, at least) jack off to ryona and gore so you'd think i would have been jumping at the opportunity to try living it but i got scared and felt like i couldn't satisfy her
