don't enjoy masturbating anymore
don't enjoy drinking anymore
don't even enjoy eating anymore
I hardly feel anything. I can't sleep most nights, but it doesn't seem to matter. I get up every morning and go to work like I had around 8 hours of sleep. When I get home I listen to music and stare at the ceiling. I think I'm going to walk to my city's tallest bridge tomorrow and jump off of it.
I. . . Dont. . . Tbink. . . Sandals. . . Are. . . Good. . . For. . . Your. . . Feet. . .
Try taking a ZMA (zinc magnesium and b6) supplement first.
kys
https://derpibooru.org/images/855850?q=the+dark+knight+rises%2C+bane
ESL retard is once again trying to spread brony propaganda as shown by his other stealth MLP threads on the catalog with similar filenames so this one's not just a fluke.
Subhumans get drowned in acid
Or they'll bleed for their lives
Like the bleeders who have bled before them
Death comes with the tide
And there comes a tide of blood
From subhumans who got stabbed
Or have their own blood siphoned
Through ways of extraction
Lives end
Yours ends too
Through this brutality
So that all breaks
As in it breaks the bones that helped you move
Muscles are also torn through
Take ketamine, have some revelations , take dxm break my mind
Now I use opis to remain functional , but enjoy nothing and have no motivation 
I welcome you to join my world, it's not too bad coasting through life.
Sure I'd love friends or even better yet a girlfriend, to have a passion hobby...but that life was never in the cards for me, the fact I can even function in society at all is amazing for I am autistic
By weapons with serrations
They are the killing tools
That have the ability to tear people apart
They help bring death
To victims who deserve it
They abused the lives they've been given
So they'll be taken back
And they're put into death domains
The ones who have been unfairly treated by the subhumans will be saved
And they'll be given a new lease on life
The reprobates won't be so lucky
They'll all face their deaths
And it will be forced upon them
Like the deadly force that strikes down
They won't be saved
They'll merely lie entombed
And they'll be forgotten about
don't enjoy masturbating anymore
You realize how lucky you are? You get to keep your essence
