Kiss less virgin at 29. Body in picrel. Never had a job
Its over right?
Yes, now just kys already fag
you have very suckable nipples
anon you posted earlier and i said i'd be your gf :3 you just don't want me to get you pregnant?
Dude genetics fucked you.
I mean what made your body turn into the shape of a pear?
Why do you look like that? Your image literally makes me feel better about myself.
HRT boobs and wide hips? No chest hair? Dude, I thought it was over for me, but for you it's OVER
Nigga you look like a pregnant dog
I have no idea. I eat very normal, go on walks. My mother had me at 41, maybe that was an issue >>73060064
never took HRT but youre not the first to assume Im ftm >>73060075
I am aware
Pearanon is becoming a multiboard icon now?
This poor guy has been posted on /fit/ for at least 2 years at this point.
What haha he has name? Whats his story, ive seen this cunt on /Int/ now here didnt know it was a meme
Mom had you at 41 means she was an ugly cunt that no one wanted and had you out of obligation hahaha. Yeah you should just start on hrt or buy an exit bag
take better care of your body--it's the only thing you have
nice, if you were gay i would take you out for dinner.
KEK!!! TOP FUCKING KEK. OP BTFO
well, you are very much a truecel but at least you aren't alone in this day and age. Just have hope that we get sex robots in a decade or so.
for ratings go to >>>/soc/
it's literally in the sticky
over for darktriadcels
you still look better than pic related
I think he was originally just asking for fitness advice and posting his weird skinnyfat body, or maybe he was baiting, or maybe a bit of both. But other people started using it as bait too. There are dozens of pictures that he's posted, and he's become a meme on /fit/. They used to get a lot of attention but I think people have caught on by now and they don't seem to get as many (you)s. I guess people have started posting him on other boards where he's less well known kek.
No, there's still time to get a loving dog wife.
My mother had me at 40 and I to have a slight pear shaped body, not quite as pronounced as that but my hips are defined and my upper body is on the slim side with thin wrists/arms with small hands but weirdly my shoulders are well defined.
Maybe the older your mother is when she gives birth the less masculine the child will be? It's possible.
