You ever just watch anons discuss people and social dynamics here and watch as they intellectualize themselves into wildly wrong convictions about how people work or why people do things?
I just saw an anon convey his logic until he arrived at the conclusion that a womans legs spread after getting decked in the face and collapsing because the act of being physically assaulted instinctually made her want to mate on the spot. And not because she just happened to fall that way.
Im all for discussing the things normies would never touch but some of you are actually too far gone to operate anymore.
I believe it
I'm not gonna say it's impossible that a person would genuinely believe that, but it seems exponentially more likely that they are just fucking about.
Well of course. She's clearly asking for it.
The userbase here is psychologically well-adjusted
I'm that anon you fucking idiot and you genuinely don't know how to read
I said that's how it appears from how she fell down dumbass, and that I could easily be wrong
Furthermore, from how she fell down it isn't conducive at all to how her legs splayed around like that. She also didn't get decked, she got slapped, and she threw her weight backward
I'm sorry that you know almost nothing about athletics or body mechanics to be able to tell that she intentionally through her weight around. 
You are genuinely fucking retarded OP, and I'm glad to know that you are stupid enough to be unaware of exactly how fucking retarded you are
Here's the original Webm, by the way
It's not surprising at all that you feel comfortable discussing something without any of the reference material that is easily available for you to grab
Here's the original post I made, that caveated that it appears that way, but I could easily be wrong
Look at the way she falls dumbass
You should learn about ethology, and the limbic system, and how the mind and body work in tandem.
There's a reason for physiological responses that aren't governed by the forebrain.
Like how when you see a dick your mouth opens
You are right to make your case but you'd think your dog was killed
I take personal offense to stupidity, and moreso to a person willfully deciding to be stupid
If less people were like that then society would have a chance to be a healthy place
Instead retards like OP rule the roost and are being walking messes of cognitive bias and logical fallacy
he barely hit her if he hit her at all, she hit him harder
He definitely hit her harder, but my point remains that unless she is genuinely physically retarded, her low-brain really wouldn't let her splay her legs out like that if she was truly trying to regain her balance. 
At not point would anybody that was falling over and trying to regain their balance properly have their body positioned like this
I would say that 95% of the time, with the combination of physics and proprioception, it's basically not going to occur without some kind of influence from the adaptive unconscious
based, he wiped the floor with those simps
and to have the balls to do something like that in the age of tiktok?
Come on OP don't be a bitch dude
You called me out trying to look like you know what you're talking about, and you were clearly talking out of your ass
Don't be a bitch dude, discuss it
Either counterpoint what I'm saying or concede that you didn't know whatever the fuck it was that you were talking about
anon shes just displaying helplessness this is what women do when they are attacked among peers. They over sell the damage and act all fucking retarded in a very performative way
Then she must have shit instincts if being helpless means cocking her legs back into a missionary position
Women do indeed have shit instincts and poor understanding of their own physicality in relation to physical violence. Ive seen them do this before when hit, they just flail around wildly like retards because the notion a man would even hit them at all mindbreaks them.
A racebaiter on /r9k/ saying this is actually the pinnacle of retardation, we've reached the end, nothing can be more retarded than this. I can't believe that you fags couldn't even keep it contained to one thread.
You should read up about priming and how the adaptive unconscious creates responses based on connotation
If she truly felt in danger she wouldn't be exposing the most vulnerable part of her body directly to her attacker. 
Women aren't stupid, and women are actually pretty quick mentally. 
I don't even have an extensive knowledge of the subject but still, it is pretty unlikely that the response she made was purely incidental and simply one of 
Even if he hit her like a fucking dump trunk, there's no way there was that much force that it mad her rear back and put her legs exactly how they would be if she was going to fuck a dude
You are genuinely retarded and this has nothing to do with race dumbass
Fucking hell
Here let me try to post like you
If anon is saying that thing and it's wrong then we must be in some dire times
It's so much easier to not have to justify what you're saying, I wish my mind could operate at that level. I'm sure I'd be a lot happier in the world
She doesnt believe shes in danger anon. Shes being performative exactly because she isnt.
You are autistic and also very obtuse.
taking this further, it's probably just a response to the violence
A lot of women have been raped in history, and a lot of it has been violent. People like to doubt the existence of ancestral and inherited trauma but the fact of the matter is that it exists
I'm not saying she wants to fuck him, I'm saying that her response to getting hit was interesting
A lot of women in history have been beaten into submission for sex, so if a woman has an instinct to immediately associate violence with giving herself up easily, it makes sense from an evolutionary standpoint
The main thing that pissed me off though was that OP acted like I was saying what I was saying with absolute confidence, when it reality it was more of an observation with a mild guess at motivation
Yea, that's pretty much the shape of this place.
She does believe she's in danger anon, she's not being performative, she's responding to a stimulus unconsciously
You are neurotypical and also very dense
The only thing worse than a baitposter on this site are the baitposters who refuse to own up to it.
You've actually demonstrated OPs point beautifully. You are hyper-prone to intellectualizing yourself into whacky conclusions because you are deeply autistic. You cant help yourself:
I have not demonstrated OP's point beautifully. I am not prone to intellectualizing myself into whack conclusions
Anway, if you really have the capacity to read, you'll see that I'm not really forming any judgements about the subject matter itself, my only concrete judgements are from outside subjects that are already tenable.
Like the adaptive unconscious influencing conscious choices, or what missionary position looks like. 
I know you think that you're trolling me but you're really just helping me to better elucidate my thought process
Thanks
I just watched the video.
Dude you are fucking insane. She LITERALLY just fell that way, her body went limp, and it has 0 to do with an unconscious impulse to present herself missionary for mating. 
Seek help you utter fucking loon.
I concede, you're right
To be frank. That is one bizarre falling posture. I can definitely see why someone with autism like myself would assume she's subconsciously asking to be raped. Couple that with the female rape fetish and historical conditioning and you have yourself a classic autism theorem on the rise. 
I salute thee, my chapplin autismos. Thou have entertained and delivered once more.
Didn't say that at all
If anything, what I'm saying is that when a man hit's a woman, it's possible that her mind selects sexual appeasement as a method of avoiding suffering further injury
I don't know if you're austistic, but you certainly like to take liberties with the way that you think 
At no point did I say that woman was asking to be raped, all I did was consistently point out that her posturing into very much resembled a sexual position and there's a very little chance that it happened as a result of her body "ragdolling"
