How's your evening, Eurobots?
How's your evening, Eurobots?
I am drinking wine.
Could be better, been struggling quite a bit lately but I will make it. I assume the food you have there on your plate is good... What is it?
It's past 9pm so I'm eating quite late but I think I'm gonna go cook something. I'll probably do some pigs in blankets in a nice sauce. What exactly are you eating?
did you ever play dungeon keeper?
It's alright. I'm at some family gathering stuff.
Nice platter bruh
Those fries don't look crispy though
You drinking too?
How's your evening, Eurobots?
Playing Passpartout 2, making money with drawing furry porn
makes the game fun
Also drinking some honey wine
A Mediterranean fish plate. I helped my aunt out with building a few things in her house and my parents left me some of their dinner. Got back, greeted them and went upstairs after a bit while making tea.
How much wine?
Passpartout 2
Nice, sounds very comfy. I only played the first one and it made me realize I have zero artistic talent, I can't paint something half decent to save my life and there are likely color blind people out there with more sense of which colors go together than me.
Im at a party and i wanna kms because evwryone here is a chad and the girls are lusting after them
Meanwhile im at losers table and even then im ignored like the incel i am
Legit wanna cry and/or kms
Or just flee back to my room
The best parties I've ever been to all involved me doing drugs alone in my room.
google it
It actually look appealing than whatever you having.
The best "party" i had was playing overwatch in vc with my buddies with us screaming over the mic in sync
drinking lidl brand cider and smoking cigars
got a job interview tomorrow at a zoo, should go well they're eager for an interview
it's going fine, ate some cereal that i heated up in the microwave to make soggy but those fries on your plate just gave me the urge to eat fries.
soggy fries > crispy fries
I'm literally going to throw up.
soggy fries > crispy fries
That opinion should absolutely be made illegal, I can't believe the Geneva Convention would allow somebody to say that.
soggy fries > crispy fries
how wrong you are
Geneva Convention
"The Geneva Conventions are rules that apply only in times of armed conflict and seek to protect people who are not or are no longer taking part in hostilities; these include the sick and wounded of armed forces on the field, wounded, sick, and shipwrecked members of armed forces at sea, prisoners of war, and civilians." no war times soldier
I never understood people that like crispy fries, I only got crispy fries and cried because I was so hungry.
how wrong you are
I will die on this hill
no war times soldier
Simply declaring something so obscene is itself an act of war upon all of humanity.
I will die on this hill
then perish
drinking alone listening to some tunes. that plate looks yummy what is it?
who's the enemy comrad
A fish plate my family left for me. I wish I had some gambas, however.
aw but thats still nice of them hope it was good
