being an incel it really pisses me off that i wouldnt ever reach that much amounts od problems i have if i was born a woman instead because half of the shit would be considered quirky and cute and not evil and depraved and everyone would be there in case of my shortcomings instead of kicking me off the cliff
not to mention the male body really is fucking ugly and being attached to one is soul crushing 
reminder to trannies: sneed and dilate ywnbaw
The only thing that would bite you in the new plump ass with this genie wish is that women can never stop comparing themselves to other women and just appreciate how great they have it. They're always jealous about one thing or another about a woman they know or merely know of. Having XX is like a monkeypaw curse
What and men don't?
You don't think every anon lurking on this board doesn't constantly compare himself to every other guy in his life just to see how he compares, is that not part of the problem as to why so many of the men hear are insecure
Incel cope. B-b-but rich people are miserable too more money more problems - hobo getting warm next to a drum fire
woe is me for my problems in life is comparing myself to other wahh so hard living like that
reminder to trannies: sneed and dilate ywnbaw
True. But my life was hard and now people are nice to me and guys pay for stuff because I'm pretty so idgaf if I'm a "real woman" or not. But I fucked women before I transitioned (and I still do afterwards) so I guess I can't really understand what it's like. 
But have fun being alone forever.
Perhaps you're more alike than you care to think
the male body really is fucking ugly
sounds like a skill issue
big groomer campaign
not to mention the male body really is fucking ugly and being attached to one is soul crushing 
reminder to trannies: sneed and dilate ywnbaw
why are you talking to yourself
Nah. Just an excel showing it doesn't have to be as bad as it is. I won't say it's great or anything but I do feel a lot more comfortable with myself and somewhat happier with what I see in the mirror, and what I don't like feels way more actionable and manageable than it ever did when I was a dude. Relationships are also just...better. Trying to date as a guy was frankly a nightmare, as I'm sure you can relate, but even when I was in a relationship it felt just sort of hollow and borderline adversarial at times. I was always on guard, always performing, because women dating men do *not* like vulnerability or softness in their men. Dating women (cis and trans )as a woman has been a way more intimate and fulfilling experience.
just cut your dick off and get fucked by men bro
it'll definitely get better bro
Kill yourself
I like being a man and would hate to be a weak woman with a bloody vagina. Stop being a whiny faggot, you cunt.
nta but what the fuck do you mean lmao
trannies try and be something they arent and nevwr will be due to delusions
But so is XY from the other perspective.
not to mention the male body really is fucking ugly and being attached to one is soul crushing
The male body can be beautiful but the reality is that most men simply do not put the same amount of effort into aesthetics that women do. Men looking like shit compared to women is a social fact; not a biological one
You are literally just a tranny who's too cowardly to take hrt. I have more respect for the trannies who grow tits and live how they want.
The regular male reaction is to put your ass to work so you can compete with the other men and become better than them. Else you're just a loser.
Oh wait.
Women might put more effort towards their looks but that doesn't change the fact that the female body on average is way more aesthetic than the male one. As a man you pretty much need to be fit or some blessed twink to look good when it comes to your body. As a woman you just need to be skinny enough and not sit on the couch all day. The places where most women put in effort are superficial shit that doesn't matter. The minimum effort it takes for a man to look good is way higher than it is for a woman.
the male body is ugly dude Im so crushed to be one :'(
also fuck trannys!!!
Sounds like you're conflicted as fuck my guy. Maybe time to start that HRT treatment. You will feel better.
HRT does not make you a woman, you still have male body.
Are you really doing any better?
this anon gets it entirely
the average male body is just ugly and irredeemable
not to say all guys are ugly but majority are which leads to modern hypergamy of women and chads
im a bio fem and want this guy up, need to kiss and lock that tummy
I admit the not understanding male socialization (most incels are friendless) is a powerful argument. That greentext is weapons grade persuasion. It's clear that if being a cis woman were an option for retards here, most would take that in a heartbeat at the chance to be loved (even by a man), since the odds of ultimate success are higher. Incels don't want 3d waifus in their impatiently awaited sci-fi future. They want sci-fi cis-level sex changes
The female body is preposterously optimized to be fucked and impregnated. Of course the default biological setting is "hot enough"
yet men are expendable slave monkeys and women are protected at all costs
makes you think real hard
HRT does not make you a woman, you still have male body.
False. You still have a male skeleton (if you start as an adult) but you get something close to a female body. It just doesn't necessarily do much if you started with a very masculine skeleton.
the male body is ugly
Lol youre a tranny in the closet.
