Do you guys talk to yourself all the time through an internal monologue or is it just me?
Yep. I also have fantasy conversations with people I know irl.
who doesn't?
[USER WAS ORIGINAL FOR THIS POST]
I have 3, two argue with each other and the third plays some song on repeat nonstop.
I do this as a replacement for talking to people IRL. they are much better companions in my head than the real thing.
when I was younger I would have full on conversations between imaginary characters I made up with different voices and stuff
one day I stopped doing it and I don't know why
does it count if I talk out loud to myself when no ones around?
If so, yes.
Yes because I rarely ever talk to anyone irl
Okay but have you guys ever created a fictional tv show inside your head? Fictional characters, fictional voices, fictional plotlines. I must've came up with about 30 fully-scripted 22-minute episodes by now.
i do this this stuff the majoraty of days that there are in the week, every week.
You think therefore you are anon
i have someone else in my head who says comforting things to me. it's weird, it's not me saying it but it's obviously not a real sentient person either.
I've been listening to too many podcasts recently.
So alot of conversations are set up as if on the JRE and Joe Rogan is asking me questions, which then I answer in depthly and explain even basic things and how they work.
everytime I listen to music
Also sometimes because I've been watching The Sopranos, I would conversations with a Therapist and imagine her to be Dr. Melfi.
I would just talk about my true feelings and if I mean the things I say and joke about. And talk about my failed relationships with women and why I've stopped caring about women and striving into having a meaningful relationship. 
I would also pause movies and explain the meanings of scenes and subtle metaphors of things to a fictional girlfriend in my head
It's like I posted this and forgot. Holy shit. At least the bard plays my favorite songs and eventually drowns the ones arguing.
Same, I imagine lyrics to instrumentals and I imagine fight scenes to some songs. Me and my friend are thinking about writing and drawing some of them out.
I'm the most interesting person I know so I talk with myself all the time yes
i literally talk out loud to myself in my apartment alot.
I regularly say aot quotes out loud to myself for some reason.
Yeah. I think it's because I spent a lot of time reading and playing by myself as a child
