met a really rich incel on discord
about to be his tradwife but he's not attractive to me
is this bad?
Quit creating fantasies within your head. No one with money would ever settle for you fat worthless femcel ass. Be honest with yourself.
I did this and its not worth it. Your disgust and disappointment at his appearance plus resentment at having to have unenjoyable sex will begin to eat away at you and you will start being cruel and sadistic to him.
you can't be a trophy wife if you're not attractive, that's literally the entire point of being a trophy wife is being hot and marrying some rich guy
is being s golddigger bad
No, most women will end up as one in their lifetime.
no. women have been doing this for centuries.
Quit making fantasies in your head!
You're fat, even though I have no idea what you look like
LMAO, You sling rocks at others from your palace of glass.
Thats why you have to cuck him with Chad so you get the best of both worlds and dont feel like you are missing out.
did u marry him? did you get a divorce settlement at least? was it easy to get sex on the side with attractive men without him finding out?
i'm like 6/10, blonde, super skinny, nice smile. i'm not perfect but i am above average
Cuckposters are disgusting
You use his money for an easy life and you'll use another mans seed for children.
Kill yourself. Evil cunt
you will start being cruel and sadistic to him
i'm not perfect 
You must torture him in any manner imaginable and leech his wealth bone dry!
I want this but I still want my girl to be attracted to me
t. rich incel
i'm not sure i want kids but i do definitely want to still have sex with hot guys
isn't that what incel means? being attractive to nobody? how rich are you?
6/10
trophy wife
There's sixty billion different reasons why one might end up being an incel, lack of physical attractiveness is only one of them
And it'd be silly for the term incel to be defined only that way, there's blind girls in the world after all and they don't give a shit about your appearance
how rich are you
European top 1%
Just shut up you o ugly evil bitch
I am a handsome married man and I spit upon you.
European top 1%
so like $60k a year? lol
