Can I be a national socialist if im hispanic?
Only if you're majority-white, which likely isn't the case with you, is it?
Any race can be a national socialist, neither of those things are unique to a specific race, you just can't be a German national socialist.
Nope. Figured as much. Sucks.
There's actually Black and brown superior race movements
In my country we have ethnocacerism
It's ridiculous
No I think whites are generally smarter than spics and niggers. My iq is 127 personally so I'm an exception but if I were white I'd be a white nationalist.
I literally know an Indian guy that's a white supremacist. anyone can be a nazi even a jew if they're self-hating and autistic enough
It's not a matter of being self hating. Niggers are literally social poison. Scientifically provable
Yeah, this guys feel the same about their own race
North koreans think they are the superior one too
I think these are chimp thoughts, coming from chimp people
White chimps, brown chimps, black chimps, yellow chimps
The most annoying /pol/tards are spics, so that doesn't seem to be a barrier.
You can, yes. You can be a Nazi for a specific race, you just can't be racial nationalist for Germans if you're obviously not German.
Just remember: 
National pride has no need of the delirium of race.
- Benito Mussolini, the Father of Fascism
He can also just accept the tenets of national socialism and accept the reality of biological essentialism and race realism despite belonging to a dysgenic/mutt ethnic background.
Sure, if he wants to submit himself and degrade his own race, which in of itself describes the fallacious contingencies of racial nationalism, it's all different, all backed by different incoherent science in order to try and exclaim one race being better than the others.
I do in practice. I'm pretty obviously not stupid (high in, stem major) but race realism is obviously true. Like I said, I'd be a white nationalist if I was white
You really shouldn't be. Even Spain was at best a mere puppet state in the National Socialist vision of Europe.
Fair enough. I'm still an anti democratic elitist but maybe I'll just drop the explicit WN points.
Why, though? The Spanish Empire and its colonies, with the possible exception of Chile, were all about anti-democratic elitism. They all failed miserably.
They never got to enforce it, it's pretty sad really, many people Lied to
Told that democracy and unity would get them better lifes
No wonder many communists still are around
What the hell are you smoking? The vast majority of independent Central and South American states have been anti-democratic elitist and authoritarian and they enforced that mindset at gunpoint.
Not that anon, but:
many if not all of those were Marxist/Leninist movements
But that's not really the case. Most of Latin America got its independence long before Marxism was an established ideology. Mexico was a monarchist state fighting a war against the United States while Karl Marx was still learning how to read. 
let's be real, those countries were gonna be shitholes no matter what government
But that's not really the case. Most of Latin America got its independence long before Marxism was an established ideology. Mexico was a monarchist state fighting a war against the United States while Karl Marx was still learning how to read. 
many if not all of those were Marxist/Leninist movements
But that's not really the case. Most of Latin America got its independence long before Marxism was an established ideology. Mexico was a monarchist state fighting a war against the United States while Karl Marx was still learning how to read. 
For some countries, yes. But Argentina for example was literally a first world country on par with the USA and Canada in terms of living standards before WWI completely fucked their economy. It's not as though they were all doomed.
this is why i fucking hate spics and indians. 
spics are just as much of a social poison. look at your spic homelands. 
do mexicans have self awareness?
We have problems sure, but it's not debate than blacks are worse
you can be a Falangist, which is 100% better, same hate for capitalist and communism without the race non-sense
im not a communist and i literally hate all races of people. i hate women most of all but that's a whole nother topic.
it's not a debate cuz spics are equally as bad. latin america has a higher murder rate than africa for christsake, and you have the whole cartel nonsense. go be a national socialist for your own race and fix it before you go focusing on africans. 
spics are so focused on blacks, even moreso than whites and it's so fucking annoying.
Let's name em.
And that's just what I can think of off the top of my head. Hell the only one that I know which went the other route is based helicopter man.
What about black hispanics?
Hey, come to think of it, I guess it's no coincidence Chile is the richest country in South America.
Mexico
Went through successive catholic military dictatorships throughout the 19th century 
Cuba
A Spanish colony until 1898, then a US puppet until 1950 
Ecuador, Venezuela, Bolivia, Guatamela, Nicaragua, Uruguay
Splinter states from failed conservative Latin American states like Gran Colombia
A literal monarchy until the 1880s, and as late as the 1980s was a military dictatorship, which reverberates through their politics to this day (just look at the controversy surrounding Bolsonaro)
Doesn't matter that they were monarchist at some time. Point is all of those countries had some kind of socialist/communist dictatorship in the last 100 years. Maybe if they'd have been more like Chile, they'd be less goofed now. I say less goofed, because again, let's be real.
But yeah, look at all the other countries that were agrarian shitholes after WW2. Only took half a century for nationalist/capitalist ones like Japan to get back on track. Doesn't take long to get gains or vice versa to get fucked.
Doesn't matter that they were monarchist at some time. 
Yes, it does. Because if they were all monarchist and anti-democratic, and they all failed, then that has to say something about the effectiveness of that system. The same way the failure of the socialist/communist dictatorships that followed them says something about the effectiveness of those systems. 
If you want to argue that Latin America's mistake was that it started out *too* conservative and then let the pendulum swing all the way back into retarded communism, then I'm right there with you. But it doesn't sound like that's what you're saying.
Japan benefited hugely from the Korean War, they became the de facto industrial base for the UN side of that conflict and that jumpstarted their economic recovery. The same way that the emerging tensions with China jumpstarted the South Korean, Taiwanese, and (ironically) Vietnamese economies. Turns out that having the world's dominant industrial power pouring vast sums into your economy because it sees you as strategically valuable actually helps you economically. Who knew?
In a way, sure, but only partly. Honestly, I don't think it mattered much what happened when said countries were agrarian or looked like something from the medieval periods. I think social movements matter most when there's actually a society to mobilize.
I also think that's why any system wouldn't be effective throughout South America/Central America/Africa etc. Because all such areas still lack a lot of centralized infrastructure and organization. And that all stems from the people making up said countries going back into antiquity.
u need to be ethnically german so no 
how are u a nazi wannabe and know nothing abt them. larp harder or kys
