I've been seeing a lot of asian men coping and seething online because all the asian girls they're interested in apparently disproportionately go for white men, even arguing that asian girls date white men for the upward social mobility.
There's this cute korean girl I wanna ask out, and I wanna know if I'm literally already in by being a semi-attractive white man.
nope because, get this, they all have different preferences, some like asain guys, some like white guys, some like black guys, some like short hairy Indian girls, they all each like different unique things, each and every one
i refuse to believe this. actually though, i just mean as like a general trend, is it true? like do I have an advantage?
If you're looking to date someone, you should be getting to know them, not making some half assed assumption based on superficial characteristics.
Nope but just because you seem clearly retarded and both men and women hate that, most of them
i dont think so but ii dont think they dislike t hem. but the americanized ones seem to be into white men a lot.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AsianMasculinity/comments/p7rcym/its_asian_women_who_like_white_guys_not/
this is a korean-american girl i'm interested in
Koreans have higher standards than other Asians. 
Gook genes are also extremely strong, so your kids will never be white.
sea women date white the most
then chinese women
least likely is korean or japanese
goto 2:50 these asian girls talk about what i just stated
https://streamable.com/wb7pvi
because its true nobody ever tells u to GOOKmaxx they say to SEAmaxx instead.
Yeah my advice for all incels is to SEA maxx. Dont bother going to Japan or Korea or the rich parts of east Asia. You will not get laid, unless you are rich and willing to betabux, and the cost of living there is way higher. First world East Asians know their worth and they are Chad chasers and gold diggers. SEA girls are extremely desperate and will take pretty much anything.
who are these people
also, based answer thanks anon
I'm not your 'bro' you nigger
I know those two whores lol, terrible women to get information from. The girl on the right is the product of a white father, chink mother, and the girl on the left has had the shit fucked out of her by countless white men. Now they're constantly spewing this pro-Asian sentiment because their podcast's audience is full of gook losers
Korea was the easiest for me and my English teacher friends. Idk what you're talking about. Just be attractive and social
Not asain but Asian women really seem to hate Asian men.
I don't know is who these two dorks are but they both claim they're "traditional Asian women" while the one on the right admits she's half white and self hating and the one the left has tattoos and blonde hair while looking like she went through 50 white men and she's mad she can't keep one. They both sound like insufferable rich white women.
They're both OF chicks and are the furthest thing from trad Asian women lol
That explains a lot then, I wonder who their audience is? I would bet money it's white males
They dont. Asian American women have 7x more kids with Asian men than white guys. Young Asian women (20s and 30s) have the lowest rate of dating and marrying outside their race, and older Asian women (50s and 60s) have the highest. Hapas dont even make up 1% of US births, they are a nothingburger. 
Get off 4chan and stop being dumb. Most Asians are very clannish and dont even have white friendships yet alone white partners.
Trad Asian girls stick together in groups. Only the Americanized whore ones date out, and they are basically just the same as entitled slutty dumb white girls except with slanty eyes.
JBW is absolutely true for SEAmonkeys, idk about east asians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtTdmWxGT-M&amp;t=2s [Embed]
warning: absolutely BRUTAL jbwpill, do not watch if ricecel
i have noticed this short asian woman at my work who stares at me sometimes at lunch.
to be fair thought i was probably staring at her first.
Nigga you can find 2 hours of any pairing in the world, stop being a retarded schizo.
Most Asian women prefer Korean men. In terms of non-Asian men, next is probably Black men or maybe Latinos. Whites historically have been preferred by SEA girls, but even they are starting to prefer Black men.
My Cambodian GF left me for a Black man, it was on my birthday too. I've never recovered.
they like korean guys
LOL NO YOU GOOK YOU SLANT EYE LITTLE FUCK. CHING CHONG GIRLS LOVE WHITE MEN BING PONG BONG CHING 
AHH HERRO DIS A PROUD A ASIAN WOOOMAN ME LOVE YOU LONG TIME ME SUCKY SUCKY ME LOVE YOU YOU WANT SUCKY SUCKY CHING CHONG GOOK PONG
everyone knows that asian women love white men
