I got poor grades in highschool, in part due to depression and me just not trying hard enough. At the same time, I'm not under the illusion that I'm some sort of genius being held back by the 'system'. I'm not interested in being a tradie if I have other options. I have the ability to get my post secondary fully paid for so anything is really a possibility as long as I keep my grades up. How do I find what to do? I have no strong interests whatsoever and have resigned myself to working min wage retail until I die by suicide at age 30.
Three typical paths to decent careers:
Pick one. You don't need real passion. Plenty of people don't. Just find a non-meme field that you have mild interest in or can at least tolerate. Medicine is my suggestion since I'm a medical worker. There's a lot more jobs than doctor and nurse. Just google some shit.
You just pick something and go with it. Look at the career prospects of different fields, pick one at random from the good ones, and go all in and dedicate all your time to that. The interest in it comes only after you've sunk in 10,000 hours and can use it to keep yourself alive and have others rely on you.
Unfortunately I have a past suicide attempt so I think I can't join the military.
Medical
I'm pretty stupid so I feel like it might be a bad choice. I work at a CVS type deal rn and they're looking for pharmacy techs though. I'm really scared to ask to be trained as one because the head pharmacist doesn't seem to like me very much and thinks that I'm a bit dumb. 
That's the hard bit. Everyone keeps on telling me to enter computer science or some sort of tech related job though. I'm thinking of just giving in.
pharmacy techs
Shit job. Avoid.
Stop?
Suicide. Simple enough. It will solve all your problems, and you'll have nipped your whiny bitchposting in the bud.
shit job
I've heard that it's pretty shit but I've always been semi interested in that sort of thing. It would be more exciting than my current job for sure. Maybe medical is the path? Idk how to go in that direction with shit grades though.
How
CS cucks are automating themselves out of their own jobs with AI. I'd go with something like mechanical engineering or electrical engineering over CS in current year. IT won't get hit as hard, so you could look into that if you're interested in working with computers. You get certifications for it like a trade rather than going to college.
Worst comes to worst ya know?
If you have shit grades and/or are dumb, maybe try the trades. Everything else requires brainpower and a decent amount of effort, at the very least. Otherwise, you have a long life of retail ahead of you.
How do I know if I'm actually dumb though? I've had so many people both try to coddle me and do the reverse that my head is all fucked up. I don't know if people actually like me or if they're trying to avoid my wrath/they pity me. If I was smart I'd just know right?
escape the system.
quite literally the opposite.
t. ai researcher
Dental assistant I think they are called Dental hygienists make decent money and it's not very hard. Takes two years and I little investment but they make 30 to 50 an hour. Also no real risk of AI taking your job atleast for now
I mean, if you *really* want to know, pay someone a bunch of money to take an IQ test. That being said, if the uni is paid for, there's zero consequences for enrolling, trying something well paying like CS out, and then dropping out if it doesn't work out, correct? So do whatever fits you. The trades aren't bad for work, just hell on your body.
Stop calling yourself stupid. If you can get on here and write all this, out without to many spelling errors, you're not retarded. Most zoomers can't use a fucking computer past tic tok and there are a lot of people who can barely write a legible email. You just sound a bit sad, lazy, and uninspired which is understandable in today's world. Keep your chin up, set goals, have a plan B, don't shit on yourself your doing good
It's more about the subtle retardation. I know many people who fit into that category and I start seeing it in myself.
