You could be talking to girls right now. 
Why do you spend your time not talking to girls when you could be talking to a girl? Just go out there and find a girl (they are literally everywhere) and start talking to her. Whats stopping you
talk abou what?
Smalltalk. It doesnt matter what you say what matters if you are talking to a girl
There's absolutely nothing in it for me
Well, right now i am studying for midterms, BUT
THERE ARE NO YOUNG WOMEN OUT THERE!!
That's right! I've been to dozens of clubs, hobbies, classes.... and none of them have any women there! Martial arts, language classes, choirs, orchestras, gyms, book clubs, church.... You won't find single, young women anywhere! It's all dudes, or menopausal 40-something-year-old wine aunts! Especially in book clubs. Church? Grannies. I have been doing this shit for like 15 years and i have NEVER EVER EEEEVER met a SINGLE girl of my age who doesn't have a boyfriend in any of my hobbies.
But, i'm smart, so i would always ask these girls where they met their boyfriends (so i could maybe get in on that). You know what they said? "Oh i've always known him..." or "oh we were next door neighbours..."
Because even FINDING women to talk to is PURE LUCK!!!
Make of that what you will.
KYS boomer
But why would a woman ever want to speak to me, I don't have any resources of services I can offer her, seems like women actively avoid talking to unknown men unless something tangible is to gain
No, my autism and jadedness physically renders me unable to.
Idk man, I never did this in my life
I always make girls uncomfortable when I try to talk to them. I can see it on their faces
You have it all wrong. Women love attention. Even if you make a fool of yourself she loves that she is being spoken to and will give you a chance. You make her happy by making the effort to start a conversation and thats all that really matters.
My problem is lack of women of any value, I've rejected about 7 women over the last 5 or so years because they were trash and I'm an autistic virgin who doesn't go outside except shopping
No thanks, I''ll leave the cringemaxxing to you
Women would hate talking to unmasculine autistic unconfident short ugly freaks like me. Women have enough to worry about already with all the shit they experience from even more desirable guys. Giving them even more reason to worry doesn't seem nice, and guys like me are probably worst suited for talking to women in ways that don't give off huge red flags and get them worrying that we want to rape and/or murder them or something else awful
How the hell does a shutin who only goes out for shopping get 7 offers? Are you a male model? Or are you counting spam tinder matches you rejected?
But what is the point of giving women attention if they will never reciprocate it much less want anything to do with us after it ends, keep in mind which board we are currently on.
Also women already receive plenty of attention, why would she want it from me considering that 5/10s have at least 10 orbiters whom are much more attractive and better overall then some random sperg?
I wish. Unfortunately I am too ugly for women to be willing to talk to me. Thry don't see guys like me as a human.
Classmates from college, neighbours etc.
a girl i've been talking to and met up with once invited me out tonight, feeling good
i hope i get to kiss her tonight
That is one of the most retarded suggestions you can give on this board.
Even guys who have the selfishness and blunt ignorance to try that shit over and over at random women are getting what? 20% positive reactions? 30%? And that is the "success" rate for someone who looks confident and at ease doing it and takes even the rejection with a grin, since fuckbois try that slimy act all the time.
Now imagine some guy who looks exactly the same. But he is a shy stammering robot who actually feels like he is imposing and doing something wrong. 
Now tell me how in hell you imagine that not ending badly, and with even less of a wish to talk with girls?
I am literally here to talk to girls. 
Case in point: Sup girls how are you all doing?
Good, keep it up brocel
When girls come to talk to me, I just leave as fast as I can. I'm too tired to even try. I would rather die alone
This has one of two outcomes;
Of all the pointless shit I could waste my time on this is up their with the worst.
this. what is the point when they just leave and you have no way of knowing what you did wrong besides making another dumbass post here?
nothing I have a gf and a side gf plus I talk to women every day at work and gym
I actually have the opposite problem, I need to talk to guys more
there's no reason to talk to other men besides to improve your chances of getting a gf. they will tear you down and steal your girl
if they steal my girl I would just get over it and find another one anon the world is filled with humans, more than you will ever meet
I can get pussy easily, what I can't get is friends :(
good for you i can't get pussy or friends
Wtf would I want to even know, nevermind be around, some cheating shithead that does not even value his gf?
Because they would think I'm ugly during the whole conversation and silently cringe.
I like cute weird girls. Cute weird girls are rare.
I was raised to believe that when a man finds the right women it is the couple together against the world.
As i aged i saw the reality that women have no interest in saving themselves the way that i always did.
Women would rather live a life of "For this month it is me and 6 million different men against nothing because if anything goes wrong i will cry to my family and to the men im not with and then let them fix my problems"
now that i see the world this way, the reality is that it is me alone vs the world.
so no, i will not be talking to women any time soon.
I hope all the hedonists enjoy the new world we are beginning to see. Nobody has anything to live for or be deeply involved in. Everything is an ego stroke or a poorly timed joke away from making the less fortunate people burn it all down.
girls dont like romantic attention from non-chad men, and they literally throw themselves at men they find attractive
they get harassed by normies all the time
basically this
Asian are getting too tall and its making me uncomfortable
found the simp
I'm not giving women who don't want to fuck me attention. I only talk to women who want to fuck me.
SIMPLE AS
I wish I could but I have no clue where to find inexperienced girls so I can't talk to them :(
Not talking to other girls tho, what's the point in spending time on whores :0
So you dont talk to any women? Got it.
I don't have any women to talk to and have zero clue where to find any after graduating from university. I feel like my only opportunity at this point is doing a PhD.
honestly its because im terrified of women. I can't talk to them without shaking and stuttering and making a complete idiot of myself. I've tried to talk to women on discord before but I get scared on there too and they think im ghosting them because I take too long to respond since I'm overthinking. I cant find anybody understanding to practice with so I just stay home. I really want a gf one day but I doubt ill ever be able to.
I will NEVER talk to girls
chimple as
show us how its done OP, I'm sure you can bag yourself a celebrity with your experience.
They don't want to talk to me, you dumb fuck.
I have nothing in common with them anyway.
all the girls on here are catfishes
If you told me only 20% of the population was female I'd believe you. Where are they all hiding?
Why should I talk to girls?
Where are they? I've tried bars. I've tried parks. I've tried the mall. I can't find anyone anywhere.
That's impossible. You use 4chan
I don't know how to start conversations. Like legit, I can hold eloquent conversations and make people laugh and have a good time with others and make them want to be my friend, but only if they initiate. It's like my brain refuses to start up if I need to be the one who opens, so it leads to me being isolated all the time.
You could be out making millions right now. Why spend your time not making money when you can be making money?
Money is literally everywhere. What's stopping you?
I was talking to a girl yesterday and explaining that machetes are better for vegetation control than loppers there are too many individual tree limbs and vines to deal with one at a time.
women feel offended and insulted when an ugly sub-human man tries anything or dares to simply look at them, and even if they don't want to, they'll make you know, indirectly.
I'm not even angry at them, I understand, I just wish I wasn't born.
