Would you want your gf to be a 4chan user too?
fuck no. kill all 4chan users
*your gfs. having one gf is dangerously close to having none. and yea sure.
I would not care. As long they don't whore on /soc/ or any other place. If they just have fun, up to her.
just want her to be into computer science, too much to ask apparently.
I wouldn't care but honestly I'd like her to leave this place just for her own sanity's sake.
No. Most girls on 4chan aren't like the guys on 4chan. Guys on 4chan came here because they're nerds and they like talking about their nerdy hobbies in-depth in a banter-friendly manner with other nerds. Girls came to 4chan because they were shown it by one of their friends or heard about it on social media, presented as this super scary place full of shutin loser racist school shooters. They come here to gawk at the losers and to feed off of the attention the losers give them. They're always the ones hanging out in the discord servers and trying to hop on the biggest e-dick and stir drama. Also, /pol/ is not 4chan. It's practically its own site as far as the userbase and culture is concerned, so anything I said doesn't necessarily apply to /pol/, but I'd assume the women who go there are just as batshit.
She already is. That's how we find our bvlls!
I've never used /pol/ aside from seeking scarce pepes.
what's the culture like, aside from what everyone else says it is.?
my ex bf showed me this place. i used to have accounts on different videogame forums like neoseeker to nerd out so it's not that much different desu
depends which board she browses. 
if it's this one, fuck fuck fuck no
Yes, Misaki is literally a dream gf
even more mentally ill than you are
knows everything you've posted on 4chan because she's been spying on you, doesn't care
threatens to kill herself in a 4d hostage attempt to prevent you from killing yourself
https://streamable.com/yfg4ta
I don't want MYSELF to be a 4chan user
depends on which boards she uses
depends, most 4chan "femcel femanon" bullshits are sluts/whores so it depends on the boards really, besides that sure it'd be kinda funny to have someone who gets my kind of humor
she would have to be to "get" me, but im not desperate or creepy enough to flood and stalk one from here like other anons. sorta just waiting for good rng I guess?
I don't really care I rather they be occasional inhabitants instead of frequent users but if they don't at all it doesn't matter, as long as they know I browse forums and don't concern themselves with it rather let me browse in peace
