It's earths day today :-)
Post some nice pictures of nature you took.
I went on a walk today, bought some flowers on the look for some insects to take pictures of but I ended up just going to a pond and feeding some ducks.
I walked for 2 hours and also ate some grapes.
what did you do today or recently? Any fun plans for the following week?
I feel like a lot of concerts are being held now, was walking by a bar and they had some good live music, reminded me of the band PUP.
A guy also gave me an apple.
what did you do today or recently?
Been off work the past couple days and my depression is in full swing, so I haven't done much of anything. Browsed this shit hole, listened to music, practiced playing banjo and guitar a bit. Pretty much all I've done.
Gonna try to force myself to stop browsing here and I have plans to go play magic the gathering with a couple friends from work. Hopefully that'll be fun. Do you go to concerts a lot? I like music a lot but I've never actually been to a concert before. Oh and here's a picture I took at the trails by my house. I go there a lot and have more pictures of you want me to post more
i was working today, almost slept in thought i was in later than i was. i also offcially stopped talking to my ex so im really down and alone rn and trying to distract myself. im going to visit my grandparents next weekend which im looking forward to because i only get to see them rarely. my friend from primary school used to be friends with someone who was gong out with a member of that band, the worlds a small place :>
hope you enjoyed the apple
thats super pretty too
happy earth day
Sick af for second week, on antibiotics to prevent pneumonia, chillin with my old bro Bronchitis.
No nature for me any time soon.
Well, at least to style on the ameribros, the total cost of my treatment so far is around 15$.
Can generate you some solarpunk in Midjourney, though?
Been off work the past couple days and my depression is in full swing, so I haven't done much of anything. Browsed this shit hole, listened to music, practiced playing banjo and guitar a bit. Pretty much all I've done.
I hope for your depression to pass, what kinda music you enjoy? I'm listening to music right now so would love to get something recommended if you don't mind of course
the banjo is such a funny and silly instrument! it still has 6 strings right? or is it 4? a balalaika had 3 strings. 
cold turkey stopping can be hard, maybe try going only an hour or only opening like 5 threads and closing them when they die and not opening any after those.
what's magic the gathering? a type of battle of the bands? it sounds nice though!
I've been to 3 concerts, I'm not that big of a fan of big crowds, gives me anxiety but I went to an Aurora concert and because she was little known it was awesome :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYFNzSTVvJk [Embed]
this is her^
woah the trails look beautiful! reminds me of that one movie 'bridge to terabithia' (that's my sister fav movie :D)
This is the view from outside my window, took it a couple of days ago. I'm looking forward to spring so it isn't quite as dead out there.
Sad though it may be, the main thing I feel I did today was cheer up some anons in another thread. I don't think it's much, but I'm glad I did it. As for plans, I'm hoping to see my dad and his dog either tomorrow or the day after, that should be nice.
Oh crap I forgot the image, I'm a dummy.
I got to sleep in, you work on saturdays? my mother does as well but that's because she works part time.
i also offcially stopped talking to my ex so im really down and alone rn and trying to distract myself. 
It's good to cut of people that have hurt you, you're making great proces! When I get down i watch some comfort movies, my personal favorite is eternal sunshine of the spotless mind or peter pan (2003) but the first one is a bit romantic althoug could work for your situation still i'd recommend some studio ghibli movies instead of mr fantastic fox.
im going to visit my grandparents next weekend which im looking forward to because i only get to see them rarely.
lovely :) bring them some flowers or chocolates. My grandmother lives very far away and haven't been able to see her because of covid and the war. 
nooo way!! any dirt you got on them haha or was she a good bf? Although you rarely find people in the music industry to be good partners.
Sick af for second week, on antibiotics to prevent pneumonia, chillin with my old bro Bronchitis.
omg, how'd you get pneumonia? or almost get? Is it that cold where you are? I hope you heal fast! don't forget to drink warm tea with honey. 
Well, at least to style on the ameribros, the total cost of my treatment so far is around 15$.
european? at least this isn't financially burdening although i only have 17 $ on my bank so it would probably be over for me haha
had to look up what that is
looks super cool! if you watch the movie neverland you can see a tree/nature city
 sometimes i do sometimes i dont, im like your mam im part time so its whatever the rota is that week. what do you work as?
why not fantastic mr fox? thats a really good idea though i really loved nausicaa of the valley so ill try watch it soon, thank you:>
i'd recommend some studio ghibli movies instead of mr fantastic fox.
why not fantastic mr fox? thats a really good idea though i really loved nausicaa of the valley so ill try watch it soon, thank you:>
My grandmother lives very far away and haven't been able to see her because of covid and the war. 
oh god im sorry to hear that it must be tough hope ye are keeping well, im guessing youre from ukraine or russia?
any dirt you got on them
unfortunately no she moved abroad when she was young so we arent really that close but i remember her saying that to me when she was home on of the times.
its weird isnt it, i dont know if its fame or the culture that makes it so common..
omg, how'd you get pneumonia? or almost get?
It's not cold at all, 15 degrees celsius. It is just an opportunistic bacteria kicked me while I was down from the nasty cold.
european?
Bulgarian, yes. EU countries dictate majority or full coverage by the employer, we don't insure ourselves, and when out of a job, insurance is 20$ per month. We are honestly wondering wtf is up with your system, we are supposed to be the second world country, not you.
Here is a nice solarpunk vid. Originally a milk advert that people "de-advertised".
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqJJktxCY9U [Embed]
lovely view! I only see houses trough my window, have to walk a bit to find some parks and even longer for some ponds
the main thing I feel I did today was cheer up some anons in another thread.
that's very nice of you anon!! 
 I don't think it's much, but I'm glad I did it. 
I don't think there are small acts. things like going to the grocery store or making an assignment are big. having a conversation shows you have lived and done some brain work. being nice just puts you in better graces with god.
how nice!! I miss my dog.
don't forget to bring the dog a treat and maybe ice cream for your dad and don't forget a hug:)
I bet you'll make that dogs day
what do you work as?
currently a student although I worked in a skate shop on some saturdays in the beginning of the year
why not fantastic mr fox?
noooo I meant 'or' instead of 'of' so i recommend some studio ghibli or fantastic mr fox, sorry I should really reread these things.
im guessing youre from ukraine or russia?
no not currently luckily, my moms side of the family still lives in russia though, luckily they aren't that affected in the war, I just hope it stops soon.
idk but i never was that into artsy guys luckily so hopefully I'll have a good partner that's more in stem or something.
I think music guys just get away with more, o well it's their life
it is just an opportunistic bacteria kicked me while I was down from the nasty cold.
hope your white cells beat him pretty soon.
 Bulgarian
o I love bulgaria's shape on the map!!! 
the capital also always had a nice name 'sofia'.
wtf is up with your system
no need to tell me haha i'm also in europe but I agree on your opinion that america is mad.
that's so funny, great ad, hope the creator got an award.
the robots remind me of bastion from overwatch
get well soon! sleep a lot!!!
Oh, I absolutely will, I spoil that little git rotten. He loves falling asleep on my sofa, here's a picture of that, too.
What are your plans for the rest of the weekend and/or the following week?
I hope for your depression to pass, what kinda music you enjoy? 
Thanks, me too. Been a rough couple weeks but I'm gonna try my best to shake it off this week. Also gonna set up a psyche evaluation soon, I want to give medication and group therapy a shot. Oh and right now I'm listening to an album by Matt Heckler. He plays a few different instruments but he plays the banjo in this song https://youtu.be/5u5Le3oMQoc [Embed]
the banjo is such a funny and silly instrument!
Lol it does have that reputation, doesn't it. But I think it just depends on the style of playing and song. Like check out this song https://youtu.be/r0wKxFPCz1Y [Embed] a lot of older banjo playing has more of a sad and lonesome kind of sound to it, I think. Which is what I like about it. Also there's 6, 5, and 4 string banjos. I play 5 string. Do you play the balalaika? Seems like an interesting instrument 
cold turkey stopping can be hard, maybe try going only an hour or only opening like 5 threads and closing them when they die and not opening any after those.
Nah, I'm just gonna quit cold turkey. I got this. I'm pretty good at quitting things cold turkey, at least for awhile anyway. But anytime I try to ween myself off stuff, I always cave and binge lol. And magic the gathering is like a nerdy card game. Think like Yu-Gi-Oh or Pokemon. 
I've been to 3 concerts, I'm not that big of a fan of big crowds, gives me anxiety but I went to an Aurora concert and because she was little known it was awesome :)
Yeah big crowds give me anxiety too, that's 
mainly what's kept me away from them but maybe I'll try to get out of my comfort zone this spring/summer and check some out. I need to get out more. Not sure if it's my kind of music but that song was nice. She had a really nice singing voice
Yeah, they're pretty nice. Really relaxing. It's been ages since I've seen that movie but I remember it being good and really sad lol
Neat pond I like to walk to every morning and sit by
What are your plans for the rest of the weekend and/or the following week?
this weekend not a lot but i do hope to clean, and wash a stain i got on my coat.
for the week just school and god I hope i will manage to study and not procrastinate
what about you?
cute dog btw!! he looks like he's having nice dreams without any worry in the world
 Also gonna set up a psyche evaluation soon, I want to give medication and group therapy a shot. 
great steps! my sister does loads psyche evaluations, always stress her out but it's good to battle these mountains. been going to therapy and been thinking of stopping but my sister managed to convince me that it's needed and therapy is good. it's good to work on yourself and to heal
I loved the song thanks!
Like check out this song 
it's very good
I think it's just cus the instrument gets played faster? (less strings) so that's why it sounds more upbeat to me
Do you play the balalaika? Seems like an interesting instrument
i've played it before but not an active player
magic the gathering is like a nerdy card game.
woah fun! I went to a comic convention 2 weeks ago and cosplayed aswell. I've played the pokemon card game a bit, which was really fun to learn. there's also people playing yu-gi-oh but not that popular sadly.
enjoy!
yes she is very calm :)
What're you studying in school? No plans for the week for me, at least none in particular.
geography!
then i guess destiny will have it's fun with you
