What the fuck do I do? Do I just ignore it and accept the fact that my older brother loves tranny porn? I don't think I can ever look at him in the same way again.
Many such cases!
Yep, that's very common, they say they hate us, but jerk off to us in secret.
Transition and have incestual sex with him
Yes, you do just ignore it. Or joke about it. Or do anything you can in a way that doesn't make him too uncomfortable so that that's not the elephant in the room every time he's around. It shouldn't be that big of a deal.
There's nothing wrong with liking trannies, the only fucked up part is doing so while publically hating them, honestly I would harass him relentlessly over it in front of the family and his friends until he learned to be a decent human being.
I'm not going to harass and humiliate my own brother in front of my family. In front of his friends, sure. But I don't want my family to hate him for something like this.
Sure, it is your brother so I get it to an extent, and if you have reason to believe your family would haymte him over it, then don't, personally I have no respect for these people and see them as subhumans.
Crossdressing and domming a girl like that is based. Homosexuality isn't. Tell him he's looking at MEN rail each other and that he's a faggot, and that if he wants to indulge himself in other ways you have some recommendations for a skirt, socks, top and skin care/shaving routine.
just because tranny porn is hot, doesn't mean trannies are real women. i see no contradiction.
Trannies and trans-allies are too dumb to distinguish between fiction and reality. It's why they're so obsessed with anime.
No idea how the fuck he didn't figure it out himself or why he just didn't google it, but we were sitting right next to eachother anyway so I didn't really mind.
Iunno man...They're called trans women, something about the word woman makes me think they are one, crazy i know.
Inb4 women don't have a penis
The trans adjective in front of the noun indicates some differences between them and cis women.
Don't care, they're cute, whatever makes my dick hard is a woman, faggot.
I want to kill everyone in this thread for being an insufferable faggot. We have containment boards for you troons and even then you stick to your evil urges to go out and ruin everything you touch
As if I needed any proof that trannies and their allies are nothing but retards driven only by their primal urges.
You utter troglodyte, you deliberately chose to ignore the rest of the message to make your point, there are no words in the english language to describe the disgust i feel towards you.
Maybe he just downloaded it so he could make a fake tranny porn expose on a right-wing e-celeb
Liking tranny porn is based but I'd never fuck one in the ass.
Yes there are, you just never learned them.
If there's no argument, and there wasn't, you deserve no in-depth reply.
Circle jerk tranny discord thread folks 
OP obvious tranny creates fake ass story thread
His discord buddies join in to jerk his cut off penis
There aren't, my disgust towards people like you transcends the limits of human communication.
My dad is an uber right wing Trump supporter despite living in a blue state. He went missing once and I sifted through his accounts to try and find info on him, and found out he follows a shitton of trans women doing onlyfans and thirstposts on Twitter. We found him but I never mentioned it to him and will probably take it to my grave.
That's just because you have a poor grasp on human communication, or being a human at all. I think throwing your own poop around will be more up your alley.
Shit, you caught me red-handed. Whatever shall I do now?
Please don't project your insecurities and failures on me, it isn't my fault you never finished 5th grade.
Hang 
Kys
Do a flip
I'm not the one unable to communicate his feelings in english.
I can do that just fine when it comes to having to deal with human beings, we as a civilization never had to deal with someone as subhuman as you throughout our entire history, it's no wonder the english language is ill equipped for me to voice my feelings towards you.
There's that word again, pretty funny coming from someone who wants to cut his own dick off and prance in a dress.
Is this how you usually argue with people? By making assumptions about them and then shadowboxing your own assumption?
Yeah subhuman comes close to describing my feelings for you, we aren't quite there, but it's better than nothing.
You mean just like you did, by making up my replies in greentext in your first post?
I hope your parents had brighter children.
No, the difference between us is i have used the context given to me by you to make a reasonable assumption and predict some of the retarded things you were going to say, meanwhile you saw me post in a trans thread and concluded i must be trans and that i must want to cut my dick off.
At first your stupidity was amusing me, but i'll have to stop replying to you if you force me to act like a teacher towards you.
It wasn't reasonable, you made up a strawman because you knew your retarded reasoning wouldn't stand up to actual scrutiny.
No, I concluded you'd get upset if I made fun of you that way, which you did.
Take the L and go watch anime, while self-inserting as the kawaii girl. It's what you do best.
There we go with another assumption, i don't feel anger when i communicate with people like you, i just feel pity and ask myself how hard humanity must have failed you for you to turn this way.
i don't feel anger
Sure you don't pattycake, that's why you're so hellbent on replying despite saying
Come on, go watch tranime, you'll feel better.
His assumption isn't unfounded you dumb nigger your uppity talk right there by looking on people calling you a tranny is how trannies cope essentially going "rent free" everytime they get caught
It's true, i'll have to stop replying if you force me to teach you how the world works, as long as you can keep being retarded and allow me to look down on you and enjoy myself, without demanding effort on my part, i don't mind replying to you.
I'm sure they wouldn't reply that same way if you people stopped being obsessed.
There's that word again.
There it is again muh rent free
The thread topic is trannies you dumb nigger
I won't post picture of children for you, sorry.
But keep seething without mind, don't mind my leave.
Lmao it's funny that you're complaining about an issue caused by your own behavior?
The fuck did you think was gonna happen op? Any reasonable person ignores and pretends like you didn't see it just so you DONT have the awkward air after
What an amazing sentence.
Yooooo...I thought the dreaded tranny discord cult had made this thread specifically so they could swarm the poor anons that are just asking questions, but it seems i am the one being swarmed instead! Who'd have thought.
The issue is trannies like you existing.
For the benefit of human society, please stop existing. Thank you.
It's not about the porn. It's the fact that they publicly hate trannies but secretly love trannies. If not for the former I'm sure he wouldn't have asked about it.
I mean, if you posted youjo senki stuff, I guess we can all assume you are a pedo, so your brother isn't much worse than you I'd guess.
I'm sorry to ruin your erection, you aren't talking with a trans woman right now :/
Trans-allies drag down society all the same.
Please reconsider my request and kill yourself. Remember, it's for the good of humanity.
Are you stupid or something? Hypocrisy is not a new concept. People have publicly said one thing only to do another thing privately since forever.
Nah, i'll keep on living if it means making people like you seethe.
Trannies are r9k culture, newfag.
You're rude and selfish, I hope your guilt will gnaw at you. Shame on you.
Don't try revisionism on 4chan, newfag.
OH MY GOD YES, this is why i keep replying to you people, ohhhhh these replies are so fucking good.
The autism to queer pipeline is real.
Please go off oomfie.
No
originallissimus, of course
:(
Remarkably original comment.
r9k culture is being sad and retarded not being a faggot
LMAO Didn't the transmaxxing thing literally come from an incel?
Do this 
But yeah honestly idk why people are hypocritical in this way. Why be watch gay porn and be homophobic for example? You don't need to say your thoughts on cultural crap anyways, do people not self reflect at all? Your brother should've just kept quiet to not draw attention/ridicule (and also not download porn)
