To virgins who never had a girlfriend, would you date a fat girl?
Chubby, yeah, fat, no. Your pic is about as big as I'd go.
Unfortunately the only women who like me when I go on swipeshit apps are actual rotund landwhales.
Scoop 5000 calories down her neck everyday until she is bedbound. Then force feed her until she explodes!
Nothing a few months on a treadmill and some words of encouragement won't fix
Yes, if she was nice and intelligent and shared similar values to mine.
Some fat girls are cute, most aren't though.
fat women are the new normal. their standards are just as high as healthy weighted women, difference is healthy weighted women are the new stacy.
The girl I dated was basically on the cusp of being a fat chick and then became a minor fat chick while we were dating
Imagine my surprise when once we split up, she got as much in shape as she could and then started to fuck a bunch of guys around the job we both worked
The relationship I had with her was fucking disgusting, and sometimes I feel tainted by my interactions with her. I should have never let her life because a part of my life, it was a waste of time and effort
Fat fucks deserve each other.
As long as she has good hygiene and isn't an asshole.
No, I wouldn't. I'm fit myself.
I lost my virginity to a fat girl when I was 21. Would recommend. Treat her well though, robots, don't just do it to lose your virginity.
depends on how big and whether she holds it well. some people can look good with some extra weight but others don't.
doesn't matter, fat girls don't like me either
pic is cute chubby especially with her sense of style. most fatties put no effort whatsoever
yeah I'd totally date a fat girl
anon proceeds to post a pic of a girl who's tall, has a traditional hourglass figure, a thin and pretty face, no cellulite, and exaggerated breasts and butt with lottery winning fat deposit habits
You losers have let media warp your idea of "fat" girls. 
jowls
chins
fat brow and sunken eyes
bow legged and pigeon toed, knees knock together and shins bend out
barrel chested with no tits
relatively thin arms and legs with the exception of her gross upper arm bingo wings
out of breath and husky voice
puffy wrists and sausage fingers 
Guess what? The idealized fatties with a pretty face and basketball sized tits are in even higher demand than thin girls.
no even if i wanted to help her because as an ex-obese guy losing weight is extremely hard and i wouldnt trust more than maybe 5% of women to be able to do it and keep it off
I'm not a virgin and have had a couple girlfriends but I wish I had a fat gf.
It's been a long time since my last gf and unfortunately she wasn't fat so I didn't have lots of extra squishy girl body to manhandle.
I'm not a virgin
Then gtfo, normalfag!
Yeah. There was a girl at work who was fat. Her stomach was kinda flat, just a little chunky. Her thighs and ass were big. She would say hi to me everyday but stopped after a bit. I wanted to fuck and eat her pussy
depends on how fat. chubby - sure. prefer an athletic, stockyish, kinda chubby girl as an ideal type regardless. I prefer girls-next-door types that are athletic, while still looking a little soft/chubby. many who claim they are "chubby" are in fact obese. don't trust a self-ascribed label. I don't like it when the women start looking like they have cankles or storing a lot of fat on their arms. A little belly is fine. Grossly obese is not fine. Mainly, I don't want a girl who ends up having her poor eating habits rub back off onto me again, as I don't want to become obese again. It's bad enough from social pressures of eating at work and out in the world.
my rough cut off is no more than how much I weigh (no more than 160-180lbs, preferably no more than 150 lbs if woman is average height). I am "chubby". I was formerly obese years ago, but then I lost around 90 lbs over the span of a year.
Declined a fat girl once in my life. Was the only opportunity I ever had to lose my virginity. However, I didn't want my only/first experience to be with a drunk, fat girl I didn't even know at a party in college. I was explicitly pulled into her room. She was attractive enough. I didn't want to embarrass myself mostly, and I'd rather my first experience be with a girl I actually know/like.
To virgins who never had a girlfriend, would you date a fat girl?
All of my girlfriends were fairly chubby.
I had three in total.
t.virgin due to sexual anxiety
