Iron Man, Birmingham edition
Wet stinky fartinghams escaping me bowelberg
Any SSM updates my leeds?
seasideMARK Racing on the telly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAbe8oppo0k [Embed]
YouTube broke mate?
suck my sweaty balls you utter gremlin 
Cheers x
26 weeks no bookies if that's alri with you my leed?
Gonna go support me local butchers in a minute
Finally i can post some sexy tpol
file limit 4MB
Fuck sake
looks good with buzzcut and beard honestly
idk why he doesn't keep this look
turned off that shite ghosted it was horrendous and instead watching love death and robots so get in there it lush x
HHL spamming the thread off trip and pretending to be Flad.
mark looks so fucking good with bald head and beard why does he get rid of it ffs such a waste.
POV the last thing you see before lights out
She struggles with her weight but she comes across as a nice person. Not sure if she can pull off the septum piercing though.
link to this cutie please
love death and robots
Been thinking bout picking this one up meself but then i learned it's all animation and no live action whatsoever
sausage roll for me my leed
you are all straight men
yeah mate its a animation show? 
uhm so watch it or are you against animation? Sorry are you retarded?
She is called asmr trash. Not sure why she'd give her beautiful self a name like that.
Does it count as straight if i never have sex
fuck you spam Mong you sad cunt
will the authorities enjoy your folders of young girls mate?
Is this the latest ASMRtist you plan on spamming in britfeel?
Sorry I'm not that.
She's an adult I'm sure.
Nah definitely not. Just thought I'd share a few pics.
fuck off foot mong you cant deceive us okay?
Bing is really good for porn
No one looks good with a septum piercing 
They all look like pic rel
spotted the nonce
Garn head out in approx 120 me
Looks so hideous on anyone. Same for tattoos. Absolute trash tier.
garn hop out the >redacted in approx 869 me 
Cunt.
Same for tattoos. Absolute trash tier
Only a retard would serch the clearnet for CP
he's got his onions folder on standby
grim
he's got his onions folder on standby
Can't stand to watch Gibi knowing her legs are covered in ink. I know you don't see them in the videos but to know they are there off camera bothers me.
he's a cutey really
Eclipsa ASMR is growing on me.
Glad you like her fren, she is a real sweet girl and I love her language videos. She's that good mix of wholesome and beautiful.
gooning to this Greek foodie x
she looks very cute
what is her channel called?
asmeri eats 
Or YouTube Greek girl eats
I was watching her mic scratching video and those ones generally get me snoozy. It's cute when they apologise for the background noise even though you can't hear it.
gooning to this British foodie x
Spotted one of the Knights Wumpa in Feelshire National Forest this morning. Was shocked when I crossed paths with him whilst walking my dog. I thought they were all killed during the Third Battle of Feel Street when HelperLid gave the Seethies and Coomers access to the storm drains that led right behind their front line. 
He still wore the now tarnished and ruined badge that once indicated a knight of great and noble stature, probably a Fren-Templar once upon a time. The Seethies and Helperlid took everything from him, they took away his Knightly Order, they corrupted and destroyed the Wumpa Committee, they betrayed the Night Lids, they destroyed the Abra-Kebabra and built Goon Caves up and down the streets where carefree Helpers and NEET's once lived in harmony.
I didn't follow him and he continued to go wherever he was going. He barely said a word when he left but I made sure he went off with a twenty pound note in his pocket.
It not right what HelperLid did to Feel Street.
Lads, why is our country so rubbish?
Same reason Rome was rubbish around 480AD, our glory days are behind us. This is the malaise era.
Compated to other Western European countries its rubbish but compared to the global average its pretty good
Me? On that wuppagrind today. No wooze for me tonight, keeping meself fresh for tomorrow's Sunday club wiss up. It woverly x
Who is sexier t'pol or 7 of 9?
directly replying to me 
desperate for attention are you? 
I do want to see mark hit 25 stone this year
wow helper turd good to see you doing something new. >>73051301
Ruth is clearly punishing me at this point. Definitely some sadistic trait in her. Probably enjoying my emotional torture.
Not everyone is sean mate
not everyone is your mate mate
fuck off sean mate
oi fuck off footturd fooling no one
Just a phrase init?
Meds
We are having trouble bringing you the latest SSM status update. Please bare with us gooners.
the people here are dire
Looks like styrofoam with ham on top
DOUGHNUPDATE
https://youtu.be/bV7Uyh8W68A [Embed]
DOUGHNUPDATE
Guess what he's having? a doughtnut on Saturday. He's only having a doughnuts on Saturday? MMMmmmMMMM Doughnuts on Saturday.... MMMMMMMM!!!!!! MmmmMMMmmMMMMMMMMM!!!!! Mmmm... oh yea... mmMMM doughnut on Saturday MMmmmm Oh yea.... MMmmm thats good..MMmmm
Gonna wash it down with some cream cake.Cream cake on Saturday. It's lush. What a fucking experience. Now that's LUSH. Pure fucking lush. Oh yea... oh yea that's good... mmmMMmm that's the stuff... it's fucking lush.
Anyone watching the snooker
if you ask me, girls should wear cum as makeup
I dont know how girls can do stuff like that, just the thought of it disgusts me
Got up a bit early. Suppose I better get out of bed and do something.
that's billy bear ssm
I noticed he has all comments disabled on TikTok now
Someone (probably SSME) kept posting unwomfy comments
Suppose I better get out of bed and do something.
Do a 360 and get back in bed?
every day we made of ham is a great day
tiktok zoomers tag each other to share videos so he'll lose views
Got some sausage rolls from me local butchers + a nice bottla Coke and Pringles for after's! can't beat supporting your local butchers (not Curtis).
No cream cakes or doughnuts lad?
Not so far but might get a pizza from the local kebab house later on!
lmao such a attention seeking little mong. 
sorry mate im watching that chimp documentary on Netflix 
keep flooding though if it how you want to spend your time :) 
Cheers x
Coooor sounds womfy that loserlid. I'll be ordering a wizza later me. It Saturday x
helper turd is the spam mong 
sad
Exactly, it's only right...thinking of a meat feast or Hawaiian.
Enjoy HHL ma lid!
someone says I've got a bowl cut wtf
I rather enjoy chimp docs 
the monkeys are just like us desu
It Saturday
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Mr5fnYf8RXQ&amp;pp=ygUXc2F0dXJkYXkgc29uZyBjYmVlYmllcyA%3D [Embed]
Will be in a bit, just had a nap
relaxing with ASMR is one of life's many joys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IflNJNUFyIk [Embed]
Phwoaaaar fancy something spicy me.
We all order wakeaways in life x
5 days before d-day (dole day) anon has scraped together 2 pounds for a can of K-cider. Hate scotland and minimum alcohol pricing. Got 30/500 cocodamols to keep me company but they aren't doing shit. I hate scotland so much. Or myself. or both
big fan of this pic mate
one of the many jois lmaooo
yeah it's all from my 20gb "things for work folder" lmao
HHL in chastity
joi
that definitely is as well lol
I would worship that qt's feet, I miss her content on Twitter ngl
I was expecting Wareham being on here ngl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU1zWfO6wY4 [Embed]
Tyrone's 8 inch knob deep inside Ruth's tuppence
Hiroshimoot should allow the creation of a /degen/ board. They removed ban evading from the report list, they should add porn posting to be on there.
Ruth laughing at jamals 3 inch member
For me? Yeji a cute, but I'm more of a Ryujin man.
Film whatever he wants. All them black people barking out orders. Not fucking right.
https://youtu.be/hxQSd84yrHQ [Embed]
Don't think she swings that way lad. Not my Ruth anyway. She's pretty mature for an 18yo.
Gibi and Ben irritate me and so does that whore shirt wearing fat fat Charlie
A cuckold is more likely to be black than white, but it's quite rare for both
I see penguinz0 has started his mtf.
What sickening bullshit weather outside today
Jesus fockin chroist
https://youtu.be/eO9c5abCyZE [Embed]
You were quick posting that
Really gets me going seeing a new audit.
I paid almost 2k for a pair of Merovingian Garden Helpers at the start of the year and now I think I've been swindled. Everyone shows me the pictures of their Merovingian in a lush and verdant gardent or rich vegetable patch but mine have done no such thing. They're almost entirely clueless. Does anyone want a pair of Apus for half of what I paid for them?
operation "get really fukin drunk" is GO
So many boomers and assorted other morons about again ousside too fockin ell
Those other two zoomie shitters were like pulling up their phlegm as i was approaching/about to pass them too, i seriously thought they had planned to spit on me for a second there
Had they done this i would've given them the entire can of pepper spray for lunch lmao
Fucking generation of retards trying to compensate their own ineptitude with pseudo-displays like this in front of strangers
big day chimpanzees
Fink i'll be busting a cheeky ol' nuttinghamshire next up 
Well-deserved after this run for sure, yes it is
You keep saying this but there's no evidence
I will be wutting to Tara tainton mother and son porn tonight
no doubt no doubt x
Anecdotal mate, I've met a few black cuckolds IRL, only 1 white
Worst part about spring is the fucking pollen fucking you up good again
That and the fucking insects whirring around everywhere/getting on your clothes and smashing against your skin
Thankfully you don't leave the house much.
you lot are so gay
If we're talking anecdotal, I've been a member of the cuckold community for years and we're all white and Pakistani
I'm not even part of a community, but I've met women on dating sites who are already in a relationship and their business are either actively encouraging her to sleep about or even want to watch themselves
You should join the community mate. It's a good social life. I am the UK Chairman
Have a go on my bird 
the obese lunch lady waddles out in her knickers
after 4 weeks more of my seeds are starting to appear. hopefully the rest will come through with the warmer weather otherwise i got a bunch of duff seeds reeeeee
Guitars finally in the workshop. Been 2 years coming. Finally did it wahey
OMG ANON IS THAT YOUR TINY PENIS
britfeel but we all chimpz
I remember when it was 2020 and I first cum here
I remember when you and Lollers fist shown up, you were different then and Lollers posted everyday.
wonder if you were fraudulantly sold lithuanian potato apus instead.
those were the days
oi oi the likely lads on the pull
and Lollers posted everyday
you can find him searching the loli he posts he's active on g and c
Seen him in /diy/ too
yeah giving advice on welding
he is a smart bloke r lollers but then again he does have ocd
does cold approach work in L O N D O N
now that I'm out of uni I think talking to girls in bookstores is the only way I'm gonna meet someone that isn't a complete fucking normie
The change will do you good
I always knew it would
Sometimes I'm thinking that I love you
But I know it's only lust
Your kiss so sweet
Your sweat so sour
Your kiss so sweet
Your sweat so sour
Your kiss so sweet
Your sweat so sour
Sometimes I'm thinking that I love you
But I know it's only lust
The sins of the flesh
Are simply sins of lust
Sweat's running down your neck
Sweat's running down your back
Heated surface in the sun
Colder surface in the night (never saw your body)
Your kiss so sweet
Your sweat so sour
You're quite sad. Bet you're just seething at anybody posting loli, thinking it's lollers. You're obsessed with him.
What was it again, /pol/ didn't like you spamming feet. so you left to spam feet on another board?
Change yer IP much?
You are a genuine shit poster.
Imagine stalking other posters over other boards. The fucking state of your life.
never bothered or ever posted on Pol lad 
always posted feet here and it been a blast take your negative gay vibes somewhere else 
Acheers x
based gang of four enjoyer. love some crunchy guitars, me
I'd hate to be cold approached by a woman, I assume they feel the same about men
made some cannabutter
cannacoconutoil really, so vegan friendly
https://youtu.be/nHE4AEcQsiE?t=63 [Embed]
dont worry about time, let me worry about time!
Have you ever watched The King, mihai? It's got Timmy Chalamet being all noble and medieval
Ruth is a size queen. She can only be sexually stimulated by penises that are significantly larger than average.
i just use sunflower oil when i do mine. find oil easier to deal with than butter.
oooh right through my head 
I aint got the blues no more I said
Look at that shit paint job around the socket. Must've been a woman.
You outstayed your welcome within the first week you unhinged scum twat.
Star Treatment
One Point Perspective
American Sports
Science Fiction
Golden Trunks
World's First Ever Monster Truck Front Flip
Four Out of Five
Tranquility Base Hotel and Casino
Batphone
She Looks Like Fun
Ultracheese
no.. but i discovered one of my fav bands in highschool through https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_Candy_(film)
blonde redhead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNwQP5Z0HMs [Embed]
i guess rick and morty used that one which made them popular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Js-XbNj6Tk [Embed]
gahhh!! i was listening to this 15 years ago
SPARTANS WHAT IS YOUR PROFESSIONS
Auditors will be out of a job soon. 
https://youtu.be/NkD9_aWJuK0 [Embed]
To that one spacker (former grower) that said I couldn't do it, look upon thy downfall and weep. The first sprouting of my single very definitely female cannabis sativa plant has occured. This is but the first step in a much longer journey that I'm sure you're all thrilled to be part of.
dunno how you make it, but i have a quick turnaround
30m at 120c oven decarbing, ground, wrapped in tin foil
45 low flame, the fat, adding a bit of water every 10-15 min
never understood those 12h processes or w/e
spends hours making a mess and doing a half shit baked mess
 go to Morrisons bakery and buy a quality tasty baked good for a fiver 
come on low iq anonsb
Cultivating cannabis? Rozzers take a dim view of that de leeeed.
gotta try my squash/pumpkin pie
not enough pies like that here..
Don't be so fucking rude about her. She is not to be mentioned in any sexual contexts. That hurts my feels.
or the other many things i make from scratch
or veggie lasagna
i refuse to use the english spelling
e at the end
FOR WHAT REASON did it need to change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9niUcQOfp8 [Embed]
I want to EAT mihai's PIZZA
We invented it lad. We can spell it how we wish.
Uhhhhh it's hemp, for making ropes.
Sounds delightful that, one serving of loseyns please barwench, and keep the mead flowing
wish i kept better track of my food photos
theyre spead across obsolete windows mobile phones
yeah i still use a lumia 950 with onedrive exceeding limit etc
because Im broken when im lonesome
i also like making things from games or shows
goopy 'carbonara', not ham but mushrooms instead
and this is an amazing drink from syberia 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhtecN15SVg [Embed]
Only just gone and ordered a wizza de lids. Was garn gan in the spacker shower tonight but cba so just gonna have one in the morning instead.
coooor bet you squeeze out a grey poo every 3 days you disgusting turd.
whats the zza
for me ideal would be white, no sauce, lots of olive oil, lots of cheeses, thin crust, mushrooms
pizza express does them nice..
pizza biancas
sean has ordered a pizza
Hope the press have been alerted to this stunning development
T. Chorleywood mong
i remember that film. was good. used to think ellen paige was cute
then she turned into a man
unfortunate turn of events
Why are you so lazy you can't shower
woah you add water? thats mental to me. yeah way i make it only takes 45 minutes. never bothered putting in oven first. stuff that results seems potent enough.
Spicy weatball wizza. It me favourite x
kinda made a very emotional speech about being gay at some important event
then upstaged by himself years down the road
see, it turns green and solid! once it is cooled
beautiful
Watching 300 me. It great.
Fuck the Persians x
Wie viele deutsche posten hier?
Do you think you sound like Leonidas when you go on your incoherent "know where I stand now." rants and threaten to stab people's families?
Ich bin nicht deutsche, Aber ich im /deutsch/ pfosten
Might order a wizza too desu
There was a time when I thought it was a bit crass to pursue and boast about sexual relations with as many women as possible. These days I realise that it's actually a good thing, not just for me but for wider society
chicken n rice for my leeeeeds
we sober and healthy and 
sad.
im so so sad and alone.
No weers tonight Footlid
Is there a willy behind that hand
i know mate
since my episode the other wknd im now banned from booze so uh we just staring at the pc screen and listening to music 
hope you ok liiid &lt;3
no i dont think so not sure x
Goddess Glow is so beautiful. I paid me virgin tax to her today.
Might ask mummy to buy be a big boy meal.
glow has a new tier sub for her yt?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDsBGMS7DHs [Embed]
this wideo waas awesome
i just moved to England for my studies and better job opportunities. Am I fucked?
Oh yeah ilI forgot you went to A&amp;E 
Best stay off the wooze. I'm just having one can tonight
Based
How much lod?
Only if you are male you will find that a struggle.
Yeah I've seen it. I'll be subbing as she would expect me to x
All these old hags make me sad.
Lens rimmer video taken down. Sad. Thank god for Rumble. Take that tyrants.
Need wizza updates when they arrive lads
oh no :(
why?
big up LIA standing up to them donuts
https://www.youtube.com/live/W2-0feRIXyo
You could be out auditing women right now
Depends where you came from, but essentially: Yes. There's too many people and not enough jobs, houses, and space. It's a pretty shitty place for the most part.
6k watching
Sad
We the people are standing up against tyranny. People have had enough of their rights being violated.
you woudlnt get it
You will be alone tonight as always
yeah cheers for that
His videos exposed so many tyrants. Unfortunately he was a frauditor.
divina getting tatted up
grim
Out with these grannies. Makes me gag.
stop posting grannys ffs
stop posting grannys ffs
virgin
alri guys calm down
stella is not a nice beer
Out with these grannies. Makes me gag.
Virgin
If you don't think this 58 year old is fit you are a gay man
The dialogue in 300 is so good.
woooooo de lads de laddned laddy lad popy
She's objectively fit but I reckon she's covered with pads and shapewear, and I find her face a little bit scary.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvfuSzcCUXo [Embed]
i keep drinking trying to get drunk.. but.. its hard
bf with Cat
At home, on a saturday, building gunpla and thinking about how my life could be improved if a cute lad would dress like a girl and sit on my lap
I quite like stella tbqhwy
hot chocolate and two orange kit kats in the bed fortress
get in lovely lad hope you stay comfy tonight x
im watching husera the bone woman 
Spanish medical horror x
i cant drink anymore because im a problem drinker 
so get in dgeeeeeer my laaaaaaads x
means im special so I drink a lot and act a little mad
is that alright with you?
im a gay man it lush
Wizza status: necked.
Womfy status: maintained.
So I'm doing alright there me leeeeeeeds x
helpertoad post hidden 
helper turds other spam characters filtered 
so im doing alright there my leeeeeeds x
https://icum.to/
you wont regret it (honest)
Big black willies exploring Ruth's digestive system
did you recommend that to me before? i have it on my to watch list for some reason
I have not recommend it to you nope x
Kino so far though and after this im watching that Midsommar for some spring vibes!
wish I had some choccy orange and I hope being back at work is ok x
Actually just finished my shag, on the way home now, might pick up a Chinese on the way back
Yeah, I'm having tonight off the wooze so I'm nice and fresh for tomorrow.
*informs the apus that barry humphries has died*
Heh
Spread the word 
The French incinerated blackrock
They also incinerated a bunch of macrons so called police stations
JE SUIS FRANCE
VIVE LA FRANCE
THE FRENCH RACE FOREVER
who cares about the smelly onion French slugs?
You have spent Saturday night alone being pure win on 4Chan. Get in king.
Could you honestly step up to a relationship? You know the woman is going to only play by her rules. If you don't buy her stuff and take her out regularly, she knows there are many more men to pick from on Tinder (90% men here).
I sometimes wish I was born asexual then I could not give a shit about the female. My primal needs aren't being met.
No, I spent it with a woman
This isn't an incel thread fuck off glowie
Britain has a growing incel problem.
i was an incel before it was cool, i was an incel before we were even called incels *sips*
Yes glowie, muh waman bad
ah right spam mongs here.
see you all tomorrow.
That's ruthmong actually. Your point still stands though and I can't say I blame you, he is an annoying little goblin man.
I truly wish I was dead mate 
attaches seaside mark stood outside the flat he lives in which he locked himself out of saying to himself drunk I wish I were dead mate. Webm
to be fair he spams brit and other generals. best win against a loser like that is turning your pc off and enjoying life. no doubt he will continue posting here 16 hours a day.
Just noticed this. Silly little simp asked the wrong question and that made her upset. No woman can be a feminist when they single out rules like this. EQUALITY.
currently copping 
Cure 1997
Fireworks and or hanna 1997
Maborosi 1995 
cheers x
I'm not even posting much ffs. Don't make me oit to be something I'm not. I'm a troubled person. I need help but no amount of help will make girls attracted to me.
alright Sean mate thought you was eating a wizza and watching wamily guy.
im not the helper toad im a mentally ill retard oh no wait I am helperturd haha you got me. 
attached frog image
I'm not ssm posteror hhl. Get that in your thick head wahey.
Millions of women are suffering from domestic violence but they stick with them Chads as they fear the unattractive nice men.
Can't wait for Summer so I can go and play with my rescue Seethie.
Missing out on love has made me a horrible person.
coooor looks like me after 6pints in the hot sun on my own in me paddling pool alone.
Even a 30-40yo roastie wouldn't want you.
get in there my lads you are all so fucking GAY!
I'm over Ruth. I hope so.
wouldn't want you.
who are you talking to mate?
Why would GCHQ give a shit?
Listening to choons me x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EywnBaUBW-8 [Embed]
They got Muhammad and Ahmeds to go after.
All the incel neets in here.
I edit Gibi's videos for her and keep the pussyslips in a special place.
Bought Twitter blue just so I can call people poorfags
Can confirm Gibi has beef curtains. Nothing too drastic thankfully.
aha i know the exact speech youre talking about. remember watching it on youtube... musta been like 2013 i think... but not sure. i got emotional about that as well actually
bet gibis editor masturbates whilst she is on voice call with him
listen to choons for just 15 minutes
already feel like getting on the wissington
I am easily influenced by music.
Ordered a veggie delight wizza in the end
Cheers x
over 600 gibi pics
Christ lad
Ended up having beans on toast for dinner
didn't wanna be too much of a glutton and get a meat feast pizza from the kebab shop
attaches seaside mark stood outside the flat he lives in which he locked himself out of saying to himself drunk I wish I were dead mate. Webm
N pudding lad? It's the weekend, the time to indulge
kek you just like wooze welper it aint de wusic
what you wistenin to
I've actually got some biscuits so that will do me! also that's another lovely L sign pic, saved.
Just listening to chillout wusic now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XhC4nunPaU [Embed]
chillout
you use spotify?
https://youtu.be/SczxwCSt1F8?t=23 [Embed]
looks like the people at the verbatim company in the 80s have someone to answer to
Nah never used it de lid. I just use YouTubes and Wamazon Wusic.
mesmer 
Get in there cure chads
what you drinking then?
fancy some special brews after seeing that ssm picture. iir they are expensive though
check out the breakbeat album my alu composed: 
wumpa whipped
https://youtu.be/kR8seB6LLn8 [Embed]
Just on that wuppagrind tonight. Garn grind some DBD for a little bit then hit the sackington. Need me rest for tomorrow's weergrind.
It wumpa x
not posted in a while
trippin and watchin da matrix
alri see ya take it easy lads
kek what a way to waste a trip.. by watching the matrix? are you retarded?
Work colleague called me an alcoholic bluntly to my face and everyone said he cant say that
The illusion has been shattered. I was thinking my excess drinking is a funny trait nobody realised but in reality everyone is talking about how im a dirty alcoholic.
how do they know you drink too much? do you come into work drunk?
Have done numerous times.
also what pissed him off to say that?
You're not capable of being a far right leader
He wasnt mad he just lacks a filter. I told him im not drinking today and hes aware I drink too much so he asked if all my family were alcoholics too out of curiosity.
Came up some woman's pussy tonight
weergrind
Fuck's sake, another tedious melodramatic meltdown tomorrow? You're pathetic mate, your friends and family must be sick of it by now.
His friends are sick of him trying to suck them off
go round your pathetic loser dosser mates house just because he offers you food and booze for free not cause you like him 
get him to buy the speed 
he tries to suck you off 
GRIM!
This is a starkly true statement but isn't based on new information
the far right would take one look at seans stubby mong fingers and go nah no thanks mate no matter how many blowjobs you give them Sean you never will be cool
How many subscribers did MarmiteMan have at his peak? Did you have a big audience HHL?
I know you won't answer me because you are incapable of having a conversation about anything even remotely interesting, even if it's directly related to you, but maybe someone else will.
I personally enjoy watching girls eat
hello lad having a rough night!
me too.
I watched some Mexican horror film about a preggers butch and uhm then I watched Cure 1997 which was Japanese but kino of the highest order quality stuff. uhhhhhhh also cmbyname lad never replied back to me which made me sad but we move on 
hows I
big love ofc we all mongs in life
Ruth lad would love the asmr board
Why do females pretend to care about sustainability?
Mediterranean women are superior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-Ira9aB7Lw&amp;t=1065s [Embed]
That emergency alert test is today de lids.
yeah reckon yours will say >OI HELPERTURD YOU LAZY CUNT GET A JOB.
I don't think it likes 3DPD?
turned that shit off in the settings. no government is using me as a test subject.
it does mate what board are you on about? 
you are such a low iq mong Id rather the government sent you to a work camp.
anyone here have a wanking and or porn addiction per se?
Cooor would sploige in her face
lay off lad shes pure and innocent ffs
/vt/ and /wsg/.
unironically yes but have improved it over the last year or so. Cut back massively on both
who is she de lid? cute
I post on the asmr board mate 
you not on there? youd love it desu desu 
Especially with the whole obsessed vibe brother
I don't know the secret asmr board. :(
YouTube asmr trash mate enjoy 
x
Cheerie Lorraine asmr 
ah well maybe one day you will find it 
Only kidding if you Google 8 kun asmr it will come up it lush x
I am a lonely freak 
I am an ugly lonely loser
giving off those heavy wheatfield-playing-summer-child-but-also-superslut vibes
corr
bet she loves getting filled
yeh can tell she kinda bitch who has an only fans for like "artistically exploring myself" kinda shizz
want me to make your night mate 
shes a has been slag did chaturbate and cam whord herself 
wont divulge much more but if you are smart you should be able to find her nudes wahey x
spending my prime years masturbating to eye contact asmr videos 
im off to bed you slaaaaags 
Night night x
yeah could tell she done chaturbate hence the only fans comment
Ruth lad never post again 
is too busy furiously wanking
we are not on Reddit mate 
hence my cock in your face 
Cheers x
youve never had your cock in anyones face pal. little virgin run. you dont have the balls to whip your cock out and tell some slag to suck on it.
get in deeeeeer it lush it a lovely that alright with you? 
night x
I will protect Ruth lad at all cost no fucking quarter given my leeeeeeds I will treat this general like civ v I will offer ruth lad a treaty of sorts.
frivolous fox kind of needs to reply to me
is he mocking me
sorry mister footlad, went to watch sarah connor chronicles
Phwoar fuckin brilliant sesh on GTA online lads. Joined a discord and was pleasantly delighted to find sl many high level players willing to help me grind, managed to bank a good 500k. Now for a bong and a little audiobook. How you cunts doing?
Haven't been there in years. Never really felt right posting there. I presume you mean /tingles/.
I am not. I am simply taking it easy. Too tired.
Time for some YouTubes in beddingtons then sleeps for me. Alarm set for 8:30am.
He can and he will. Take that muscle boy.
https://youtu.be/5oN80vRPlh0 [Embed]
thought she was jerking off someone with a big cumshot from the thumbnail.
Babycham is back baby.
We all YouTubes in life x
Alright lads. Pidser's in the oven. Foster's can opened.
It's been a 14 hour day lads. Earned it.
Alri offielid. Enjoy your wosters and wizza. I'll be having a few weers tomorrow. Cheers x
remember buying san andreas ages ago. got through a few bits of storyline, not very far, then realized i cpuld just make loads of money by gambling. basically killed the game for me. got bored, never played gta again. wasnt even using cheats of any kind
Games are more than just making money and scoring points.
Just got up me phwoar
Proper good sleepingham-on-the-naze this was
yeah but lime the whole usp of gta is the freedom to go and do explore this open zone. rest is just not that appealing to me, the stories and missions etc. they okay but the minute like the doors blew open on being some rich chad with expensive house very early in the game then it was like wts the fucking point
I shall soon be ingesting a cereal bear so as to derive assorted nutrients from said act
finish my jamaican dole up, get into bed, put a comfy youtube video on, eat a galaxy chocolate cookie and get myself off to sleep that orite with you lads?
POS boomeroid sabotaged the heating again compfockinletely by the looks of it there
Damp as fuck with 80% humidity almost but i can't get the air dry thru the heating because the radiator's not working
Thanks a lot you stupid unemployed schizo asshole kek
Sounds bloody lush! What are you watching on the old Chube? 
Another mould mite squished.
lindybeige video on the history of currency through the ages in the UK. it sounds odd but he makes womfy videos
go on nightwalk
walk around in my mask and hood up
cops come and demand my details
keep pestering and implying I need to
they hear an exciting call over the radio
run back to their car all hyped up
just a fucking larp to them this cop shit.
Luv' me some Tom Scott videos on linguistics to doze off to. I appreciate your taste.
Sorry for spamming but I waited before eating me pidser so I didn't get the old pidser mouth burn.
Feels good, apu for this feel?
Punch yer fucking head in.
https://youtu.be/2BPhfKHG1Dk?t=13m50s [Embed]
Calm yourself down dickhead. His true colours leaking through the professionalism there. Could tell he was a loose screw from the moment he filmed him.
Unlawful request telling him to take his mask off. They wouldn't dare say that to a lady wearing a burka. Funny how the clown world goes full circle. One monent you need it on, the next you aren't allowed to wear it.
https://youtu.be/02se1NgyA10 [Embed]
not it not
reet little dosser you are
Question for the gay lads in here.
Woke up after a night out in a car park just outside the city centre. Missing everything except my boxers and a t shirt, although the missing clothes were around me,. Don't remember anything. I don't think I've been raped but I'm just trying to rule it out at the moment- if someone penetrated me, as a man, would I know it? As in would my arse be uncomfortable or bleed or anything. I lost my card and my phone so I think I've just fallen asleep somewhere on account of being paralytic but just want to make sure. Fyi my clothes were wet so there was a reason for taking them off
Fucks sake mate that's a big night. And yeah if you'd been raped you'd 100% know it. It would rip your arsehole and you'd need stitches. Anal sex is only painless if you either take it slow or you're used to it. And that's with lube.
mihai getting a semi reading this post
Dark days saying this but this is the most reassuring thing I've ever read. Thank you
More goons at the jobcentre. Real hard boys scared of a camera.
https://youtu.be/3tOxR0_0w1Q [Embed]
Fink i'll be cleaning me ears now desu
I have removed the gunkingtonshire from me ear canals
Lots of wheezing/coughing and tearing-up but it was worth it
idk i had similar experience (didn't lose my clothes) but i was blackout drunk for like 4 hours and fell asleep outside
Garn send out the [redacted] next up 
Proper womfy this
Therapy is for people with mild-to-moderate problems, and mostly motivational issues. It does not work with people who have more severe abnormalities, statistically. It only serves to make you feel better about yourself short-term, but it doesn't come with meaningful long-term improvement for people with severe issues.
Yeah but you only have mild-to-moderate issues. You're just trying to convince yourself you have severe issues so you have an excuse not to do therapy
i dont wanna be grim but would that dude who was date raped by the indonesian guy have put pics on his facebook or we saying thank you to the dude if he knew he had been raped?
I'd say it is severe being a long-term neet shutin. There aren't many like me. Most mentally ill people still go out, have jobs, girlfriends etc. I see nothing positive from going out. All that awaits me are shit wagie jobs in warehouses (if I'm lucky) where I'll just feel even worse. It really doesn't appeal to me just working and not having any relationships. I'm not going to meet anyone decent at work, girls won't find someone doing minimum wage work in their 30s very appealing. The ship sailed a long time ago. I didn't keep up pace and now I have nothing to ever live for. I'll never be respected because of how long I've been this way.
The thing that makes being alone so difficult is that the standards of living are ever increasing for everything. Everything from dating, inflation, jobs, socialisation post covid, costing of living and increase in social media has pretty much made all aspects of life infinitely more challenging, even from the normies perspective. I'm sure they'd even agree that life is getting harder for them as well. Most of us are trying to play catch up, it seems like it's such a steeper mountain to climb for us. If normies are starting to complain about how things are, imagine how much more difficult it is for us truly alone lads. It's not the struggle olympics and that's not even my point to compare who has it worse. My point is that, most of us were struggling to fit in and get with the crowd most of our lives, even when things were a lot less let's just say chaotic.
Well it feels severe to you, I'm sure. But medically it's not severe.
I'm absolutely stubborn with wanting to get into work knowing it's just shit jobs available to people like me. Girls wouldn't do these jobs, outgoing people wouldn't either. Why should I? I get no reward of love and acceptance even if I slave away. There is no point.
In his defense, just let the dude be, you're not his mom.
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
I FUCKING HATE YOU I FUCKING HATE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH MY ANGER IS BEYOND YOUR COMPREHENSION.
Will be fobbed off with excuses by the NHS. That's if I even get help any time soon. Mental health support is a joke. I've made this clear to my parents. I'm not going to work and be even more miserable. I don't fucking get no social life from it. Fuck working for a society like that.
If he wanted me to let him be he could be quiet. He's posting here to invite a reply. Why don't you let us all be?
mom
fuck off you american. having fun are we larping as a brit?
I.dunno if you would be fobbed off and neither do you. You're full of excuses to do nothing lad.
Are your parents going to let you NEET it up?
Oh come on what good would it do? I'm not going to ge convinced that life is about working and that relationships aren't necessary for happiness. They are to me. Everyone else has them.
They've let me neet it up for this long so yes. They stopped caring after some years of arguments. They truly realise I'm no good socially. "If you don't like it here, then leave" is all they can say like I have a better choice available. No they will have to properly evict me otherwise I'm voluntarily homeless.
What hurt the most is her saying "you wouldn't want a relationship anyway". May as well just have said "no girl wants a low-tier male like you." That's what she really meant.
I'm done venting anyway. Clearly life is beyond fucked and irreparably damaged past a certain age. I'm not young anymore. I missed out on so many experiences.
I look at men my age and think wow he's old. He's 32.
I'll probably get downvoted for saying this, but if you're a woman, being unemployed is not going to be as much of an issue in the eyes of most men, in the way it's an issue for a woman dating an unemployed guy.
And this is the shit that makes me want to punch a fucking wall. They keep saying incels are unattractive because they don't have jobs but when a woman is unemployed it's absolutely fine. 447 upvotes on that.
Almost done cleaning out that other shite phwoar
big incels ITT. go to bed, kings
wanking off HHL in the spacker shower
well youre not the only one. life is a cycle of suffering that has been going on since the beginning of conscious existence
This brekkie i've just had was quite superb
why does thst sound r'tard always comment on his breakfast. doesnt even have the deceny to tell us what he had. littke cretinous runt. hes fucking toxic
Fucking poojeets have been shitting up me favorite porn site
They just dump their shitty series on there now, it's incredible
FBR not as virile as he thought. No pregnancy for you de lad
might take estrogen lads i cannot bear living and not being cute
The world needs more cute lads
no mate the world needs more men, not that im one to talk
What could you possibly know about the world? Take your estrogen
Just watching on that Countryside programme that the government wants to change any former EU law they want without having to go through Parliament? What the fuck? How the fuck is that democratic? Programme was obviously talking about environmental law, but this would also include everything from food safety to internet privacy. Fucking country is getting worse and worse every year.
like i said, not that im one to talk although i do know that i'd rather be my own man than some guys fucktoy
he thinks we live in a democracy
Not everyone's cut out for autonomy, put on the cat ears
Not everyone's cut out for autonomy
i am, hate it when cunts try to boss me around. im not giga chad alpha male but im no simpering sycophant either
Never in the history of the earth has a brat actually convinced someone they're not a fucktoy
Anyone else excited for the emergency text at 2:30? It's honestly going to be the highlight of my day
Captcha: AASSM
Forgot all about that. I haven't turned my phone on in over a month. Do they force your phone to turn on or anything?
sure there has, probably through the medium of violence
dunk again. im so glad i have a job if i had more free time i'd just drink myself to death
another week of rain
I fucking hate this country so much
yeah it does start making you want to blow your brains out.
especially the older you get. no wonder so many of us fuck off to spain or Portugal.
just prematurely ejaculated to the jj goon thread on B
now to workout and clean my teefs prob have to mow the lawn today so get in there my leeeeeeed
Britain is a grey shit hole.
for me it'll be fucking off to italy after i win the lottery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r77Fn5td-n0 [Embed]
haha yeah chance would be a fine thing 
cries into his empty bank account 
thats what the old uh Viking lads did wa alike man it cold here we go to warmer lands 
cheers x
we all hate the weather in Britain in life
and the people
the people most of all mr lovely lad x
oh and I recommend Cure 1997 if you have not seen it yet 
it kino :)
met office says no rain
BBC says nonstop rain
What are we paying these cunts for
emergency alert: every day we above ground is a great day
emergency alert 
IT A LUSH 
get in dgeeeeeeerge
Fockin glasses got all smudged-up again, jesus fock
Hope SSM is live streaming at 2:30
looks interesting, havent heard of that before
are you up to much today? was considering going to a gig tonight but not sure i can be arsed
its a beautifully shot psychological thriller lad you could pause the movie and always it looks great! Was going to mow the lawn and do some strimming but the weather has poo poo that idea so just work out and movies for me. 
What bands playing? You got much on or just chilling and hiding in the bed fortress and or gardening g? Xx
think they was called the crazy knives . not heard much of them but seem ok. 
not much on today, a lot of my garden seems to be on the go slow growing from seed, even stuff that last year came through within 10 days hasnt after a month. not sure if its the weather or if the seeds are naff. contemplating going to rome for 3 days at the end of may, trying to figure out how much i can get done depending on timings of flights etc
i literally have the same sweater as he wore in community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d4wPaBNryA [Embed] 
freaks me out sometimes because i was wearing it the time it was airing.....
was this kino footlad
cruel knives even
is that a dell latitude 15
is Mihai still getting a divorce from his bf? If so I will pay for his rehab and make him my cute bf
Wow, 2 low quality poster treating the thread like a hookup general.
Go spam r9gay, you faggots.
Then frodo said, ffs, will you dwarves stop trying to bum each other, useless faggots.
Mihai bumming me whilst closet fag watches
angry VERY STRAIGHT AND SUPER MASCULINE anon is here to seethe, watch out posters!
Don't you have to go on other boards searching for lollers' posts? Sure I saw a loli posted on /k/, it MUST be him.
not that poster sunshine
Then mihai turned to bilbo and said pfft, you should see what happens to flid when he puts his finger through my ring of pooer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AccvGbf42C4 [Embed]
oh i'll pay baby
the hundreds of thousdands of pounds they throw at my cases
etc
made me chuckle this 
Cheers
I have telekinesis, lucky were on an anonymous board, so you can't prove I haven't got it.
Nurnur nurnur nur/10
Women at work having a "panic attack" over the phone alarm thing going off later
I hate women
why would she do that if she knows its going to happen? whats different for it compared to setting an alarm clock :|
I have telekinesis
alright helperlad
the fuse they make over eating
especially the obese ones 
Alwyas with the 
Oooh I hardly eat anything hehe omg 
well thats a lie fatty isnt it
Turn off the emergency alert. It funny.
She's apparently scared over its implications
Thinks a nukes gonna drop next week or something, I don't get it
There's fuck all we can do about it so why worry?
You lads ever smoke the devil's lettuce?
Did I say wwwwwwwwsis, moni?
i want a girl to spit in my mouth
i want a girl fart whipped cream on me
i want to cum on a girls feet and rub it in and then put her shoes on before we go out
it not fair, why am i like this
Dude, devils lettuce. Yep, but I avoid the devils testicles.
You WILL push trolleys, work in warehouses and return to your aging parents every day for the rest of your life
Jokes on you, I'm sad and alone in my own place
jokes on you my mother has life insurance and a will and I got savings so soon as she croaks Im lviving the dream baby
At least you've been able to move out lad. I'm stuck here pushing trolleys
Something will come up, lad
Just keep saving that moolar
Might put my penis in a woman's vagina later
Fink i'll be placing a turdinghamshire into the toiletberg soonish me
Yeah lad I have been to a decent amount of interviews and stuff. Have 32k ish saved up, well, definitely wouldn't have been that much if my parents kicked me out but yeah
You vill push ze trolleys and you vill be happy.
I couldn't even do that. I have incontinence, so can't so much.
*do much
Apart from shitting myself
Image slot maxxed out again
Bah gawd
32k is more than enough for a deposit on a nice place.
I had about 25 when I bought mine.
My parents have been distraught ever since I moved out, if they are going to miss you there's no rush.
I get along with my parents well to be fair. It does get a bit intense here cause my dad drinks and my sister's fiance drinks so they can get a bit loud sometimes but other than that it's alright.
New St George's day thread
