The rise of social media has given every woman the opportunity to become a model.
Since then, it has become evident to me that every woman basically has an exhibitionism fetish.
Like, of all the most common fetishes, women showing their bodies off in progressively more revealing ways has to be up there with being spanked or... tattoos. I don't know.
It starts off relatively innocently. It's a photo of yourself wearing a nice dress.
Then it's a tanktop.
Then it's a croptop.
Then it's a bikini.
Then it's a thong bikini.
Then it's an 80s styled thong bikini that goes up to your stomach.
Then it's a creatively angled photo of you wearing nothing and doing a handbra, because showing your nipples is technically nudity and nudity isn't allowed.
They get off on it.
Like, it's currency to them.
And it progressively gets worse, which is the interesting thing.
Whatever the standard for a lewd picture was before, it doesn't cut it anymore. They have to continually up the ante.
What I'm asking is what it is exactly that women like so much about this.
Like, what is it about the concept of exposing your body to the world that means that much to you.
I don't know if there's a good answer. There may be no answer better than "it's just wired into them on a basic biological level".
If you ask a man why it is that he wants big muscles or to be a famous athlete... he'd probably just look at you like you're strange.
It's not exhibitionism. Its the attention. Attention is a drug, an addictive one. Something you seek again and again.
Once you fall in the hole, you can't get out.
It's a photo of yourself wearing a nice dress.
200 likes.
Then it's a tanktop.
1000 likes.
Then it's a croptop.
5000 likes.
Then it's a bikini.
10000 likes.
Then it's a thong bikini.
20000 likes.
Then it's an 80s styled thong bikini that goes up to your stomach.
50000 likes.
Then it's a creatively angled photo of you wearing nothing and doing a handbra
Hundreds of thousands of likes, thousands of comments complimenting body.
The desire to be desired. Knowing people are desiring you. Feeling your self worth rise. Wouldn't you want people to want you? Wouldn't you want to be worth much more than the average person?
That validation brings satisfaction that can't be replicated in other ways. A single person could never give a woman the attention of thousands of people. "Being desired" is what they seek.
jordyn jones
remember when mods would instaban for posting jailbait? fun times
lots of women can't be content or happy with themselves without outside validation. its much easier for them to just be mildly attractive than to actually put effort into anything specific to be validated by others for. or in the event where they do, it's usually just a substitute for personality on top of the fact that the more sources to get validation from the better usually. this applies to some guys too, but most men generally accept early that they won't constantly receive attention or feel validated. although the whole personality substitute thing or trying to excel at something specifically for attention is done by a lot of guys.
If you ask a man why it is that he wants big muscles or to be a famous athlete... he'd probably just look at you like you're strange.
this is pretty much what i'm getting at with my second part.
they also do it because it turns them on.
Jordyn Jones is so fucking hot.
She refuses to ever look older than 11. I'm sure she's still popular on /tv/
faggot what am I going to read all that bullshit for? the reason women expose themselves is for attention Einstein. the same reason that I work out to look better for attention (on top of health benefits) don't be a retard at least post more JJ
Great post. Also, you guys are deluding yourselves if you think you would be any different in their situation. It always makes me kek when guys on incel coomer central suddenly turn into huge squares and clutch their pearls over girls enjoying sex or attention at all.
Also, you guys are deluding yourselves if you think you would be any different in their situation.
No I really would be.
I don't like pictures of myself of any kind on the internet. I hate people looking at me in general.
If I did have a fetish for exposing myself online then I'd probably go out of my way to not just advertise it to the world. That sounds like a bad decision that might get me back later.
bro if you were a girl you'd have an OnlyFans too lol. Stop judging
No I most certainly would not. Speak for yourself.
Of course you guys would do the same. 
When there are threads about 'what kind of guys women like' and a "woman" replies with something realistic but a little specific (Ex. Asian, dark hair, likes vidya, cute) at least one person will reply saying "That's me" - The man replying to that post might not be seeking a relationship. He probably doesn't even consider the possibility of dating this person.
It's the fact that you're being desired. Someone out there wants someone like you. Someone would want you over anyone else. That feeling is almost euphoric. You can never get enough of it.
I can literally relate to this post. Unironically me.
What do men get out of over-analyzing it instead of just enjoying the view?
what do women get out of
attention from men, some of whom will be Chads.
Even on this shithole board anons tripfag and try to make connections with strangers bc they just want to be "seen" so badly
I don't think they do. I think most of them have literally never thought about it until now.
Like, I'm the first one.
Ignored women are not protected women. Unprotected women get killed or worse in the caveman era. Attention, particularly from men, is how they ensure survival and children.
Femoids are evolutionarily programmed to need attention.
A woman's spiritual power grows in direct relation to the amount of orgasms which men dedicate to her.
bruh this chick looks illegal af
instead of just enjoying the view?
we're not allowed to, only Chad is.
they hate us if we even look in their general direction and want it criminalized.
I wear everything but the last two bikinis because it's freaking hot in summer. What do you expect me to do wear a hoodie in summer? Sometimes shirt don't cut it
Stop projecting you insecure jamoke.
Not everybody needs validation from others in order to feel good about themself. I used to work at a restaurant and got constant attention from women of all ages. 
The manager once said to me that I have a "hot body".
I didn't like it for one second. It was enjoyable at first but the reality is that people who think another person is attractive basically think they can do whatever they want because "oh that person is attractive so their life must be awesome anyway"
I fucking hate normalshits and any attention from them makes me sick to my stomach because I literally don't want to be associated with them at all
The truth is that these women are just midwits, so they don't mind if people pay attention to them because it makes them feel valuable as human beings.
posts the most retarded woman alive as his argument
'm not Chad but I'm not ugly. Women don't mind when I enjoy looking at their body
