People online often say that you can find joy in hobbies, and they're not wrong. I will say my hobbies brought me far more peace of mind than anything else in life.
But the brutal thing is that I suck at all of my hobbies. Especially guitar. I realized I would be alone early in life and from 16yrs old I was playing guitar nonstop. I didnt have any other interests. I didnt have any social life. I didnt have friends. Every weekend, endless lonely days, I'd sit in my room playing guitar. All through highschool, all through college when everyone else in dorm was going to parties and getting laid I was sitting there playing my guitar. All day every day when I was NEET. Before work and after work when I was a wagie. More than 10yrs i spent the vast majority of my time and effort on this one pursuit. And I still suck ass at it.
They say it takes 10,000 hours to be an expert at something. I am far beyond that. And despite that I still suck.
In all these years, I think I've had maybe 2 or 3 recordings that I don't hate. They dont even sound good, just less bad than all the others. We are talking well into the hundreds of recordings, autistically and obsessively trying over and over and over and over and over, and only 3 are tolerable.
This is the most brutal nuclear level blackpill for me. My cope was that even if I will live an isolated life, at least I'll master skills. But not even that is true.
I dont regret the time I spent, but it is so depressing it makes me want to eat a bullet. When people ask me how long I've been playing I lie and say I'm a beginner because the truth is too embarrassing. I'm cursed.
Anon, I know your plight because I used to have the same outlook. Just remember that no one is ever going to hold you to some absolute yardstick, your ability to play guitar won't be measured against a hallowed feather by the god of limpdicked limited edition stratocaster sois. It's ok to suck. You can have fun without being good.
Thanks for your reassuring words. Even though I suck I regret nothing and I would do the same even if I could go back in time
