Have you ever visited India?
Just how nuts is that place? It seems unreal.
Whenever I got fever and diarrhea I imagine it's what it feels like to be in India
No escape from the Delhi belly
I went to India, Kerala.
Does EVERYONE get diarrea in India?
Btw every hour 22 people in India die in traffic
Does EVERYONE get diarrea in India
Yes, its what happens when people dont wash their hands
I was in New Dehli for about a week five years ago. It was pretty bad, despite being a capital city. I got lost pretty easily and ended up in a slum after about a 15 minute taxi ride. There was animal blood from recently slaughtered animals around and a lot of the buildings didn't have glass window panes. 
Also I saw a naked kid pisses near a sidewalk. 
I could see going back at some point, honestly. Not that I enjoyed the trip but there's got to be cool stuff to do there. Also I heard the south is much nicer
No, but I'm down to save some of their less ran through hoes
Yes im Indian and I go there every summer and I fucking hate it. Im not allowed to leave our house without a male relative, mainly for my own safety. Indian men are the definition of a rape ape I fucking hate them. Im glad my parents moved away before having me.
I like loos too much to go
Indian women are kinda hot.
Indian women are either extremely hot or complete bog monsters. Like you either want to die inside them or put them out of their misery.
Indian men are the definition of a rape ape
Why is this?
I keep trying to get a white boyfriend and its near impossible. My retarded parents constantly try to set me up with Indian guys and im getting sick of it. I would date a 3/10 white guy at this point because a 3/10 white guy will still look better than a 7/10 Indian guy.
assuming you're not a literal kid, post discord
Its a cultural thing. Women are extremely objectified while men are denied access to them and sex is extremely stigmatized. Same mentality as incels but they actually act on it because rape is less penalized.
discord
I'm not him/her but I fuckin hate 'cord
Why is it this surveillance hell your go-to messaging app?
I keep trying to get a white boyfriend and its near impossible.
How have you been trying?
I find it hard to believe you can't even settle with a 3/10
LMAO @ the typical incels weak body
To her 3/10 is actually the 6/10 white guy lol
2018 working with a Fortune 10 company
We are considering partnering with TechMahindra. Get sent to their Mumbai office for 5 days to work on a contract
Holy. Fucking. Shit. India is *poor*. A lot of the help desk employees had the majority of their compensation as dorm rooms with power and clean running water inside a secure TechMahindra facility plus discounts on food in the cafeteria and then a pittance of money. They were considered as doing very well.
The best hotel in town, where we stayed, had to have its own power generators and water filtration systems for foreigners, and they were still spotty
The slums are, essentially, the worst homeless camp you ever saw but with 2 million people living there for 4-5 generations
I was just stunned by the reality of it all.
well now I know where to go to find a wife who might be loving and caring and happy with modern conveniences instead of whoring for excessive luxuries.
What is your caste?
Oh, you are a Westerner?
No caste, then.
Too bad
I think the only places that I'd want to visit even less are those that require Kevlar clothing and travel in main battle tanks
I was just stunned by the reality of it all
No surprise that the typical incel lives a very sheltered life
t. someone who has never cooked their own meal in their life
PAKISTAN NUMBER ONEEE come here instead :3
She'll eat your MIND.
you got the pedos no thanks
Sari da
i wish india had gone communist like china did, it couldn't possibly be any worse
Jai bole ki
Onu poda
Indian girls would prefer a White guy to a rich pajeet of the highest caste, because Indian genetics are one of the worst on the planet. Short, retarded, skinnyfat, small dick, cowardly, passive-aggressive, materialistic, greedy turds.
Nah they'd feel weird not even non Hindu women marry outsiders
I don't exactly know why but I know it doesn't happen as much as 4chan thinks it does
