I wish there was something like 4chan but with slightly less terrible people, like man, I am not a normie but the posters here are going beyond just being fucked up and gone all the way to being actually fucked up, like bad, I mean fucking evil even at times, it's just gone too far at this point, like I am pathetic but at least I'm not rude, and the general culture here has disintegrated further into complete fucking rudeness, meanness, cruelty, and all that shit
the posters here are going beyond just being fucked up and gone all the way to being actually fucked up
You now start to feel the wrath of women when they find your special place. They are toxic and rude and aggressive to your feelings and hobbies,
Just use your filters to dodge what you son't like
I AM THE LORD OF DARKNESS, I SOMETHING WORDS AND SUNSHINE
I can't remember the line
LINE!!
Am I evil for not being able to make friends, and being romantically undesirable?
honestly this board is repetitive and boring. b8 threads, fetish threads, attention-whoring threads, and also threads based on completely made-up scenarios.
I just want a place to talk about my emotions and thoughts without being coddled by normalfags, and instead I have to sift through 100 BBC and Korean and blackpill copium "women won't love you unless you have a 17 inch dick and are 7'11" threads
In 2023, you'd have to create your own forum and choose carefully who is or isn't allowed to post there. This isn't the early internet where there are small communities that form and stay relatively unknown from the general populace. Social media today links to everything and constantly reposts shit from here made 11 years ago. This isn't an "escape" from the horde anymore. It is the horde.
The users on this board are too impotent to be properly evil but yes theres a high % of cluster Bs here. Most are more pathetic than they are evil.
7'11"
Hindvchads... we won.
I just want an /r9k/ with less coomers.
line
picrel, my friend
Thanks, this is what i needed to make this
Me too. I'm too wholesome for the retards here.
Same. I'm far less of a normie than the vast majority here, but I don't go around saying stupid, hateful shit. Why do I even still come here?
is beacuse there's more women in this board now, they ruin everything, back then there were only like 9 or 10 attention whores but now is full of femcels.
the Korean threads are bait/trolls
if you actually think that its not satire, I want to ask you this
why would someone who is so vehemently in belief that his race is superior, learn and speak the language of people he deems inferior?
No I know most of it is bait but it's like my options for support is a daycare center or a jungle where monkey fling shit at each other but sometimes they fling shit ironically so it's supposed to be funny
complete fucking rudeness, meanness, cruelty, and all that shit
You have to fight fire with fire. 
I'm not saying to be callous and horrific to every living thing you encounter
I'm saying that human being are shit
Kill normalshits, roundhouse kick normalshits in the ribs, shoot a normalshit in the head, light a normalshit on fire, slam normalshit faces into concrete rub them around, shiv normalshits, break normalshit fingers
Etc etc
i've been checking out wizchan lately and their depression board is refreshingly free of people casually dropping n-bombs and race baiting, by which i mean they only do it every other thread
shut up you and everyone else knows you samefag all your toxic bullshit
pussy
Captcha: DWNSHJ
scared to say nigger on 4chan
Hey man its cool you want to improve the quality of 4chan but you are part of the problem yourself. This site isnt for you.
Kind Anons definitely exist. They're just kinda hard to come by.
I think the scarcity makes the nice ones even more enjoyable to be around.
I wish there was something like 4chan but with slightly less terrible people, like man, I am not a normie but the posters here are going beyond just being fucked up and gone all the way to being actually fucked up, like bad, I mean fucking evil even at times, it's just gone too far at this point, like I am pathetic but at least I'm not rude, and the general culture here has disintegrated further into complete fucking rudeness, meanness, cruelty, and all that shit
And I wish you'd learn what a run-on sentence is, frogposting retard
If you do not have vulgar and distasteful content, you have no way of warding off "Wholesome" fags and redditors, unfortunately.
 general culture here has disintegrated further into complete fucking rudeness, meanness, cruelty, and all that shit
weirdly i don't notice these posts as much i used to when i first started using this board. there is nothing stopping you from engaging with the posts you want to see and ignoring the ones you don't. but i get your sentiment
 I think the scarcity makes the nice ones even more enjoyable to be around.
i agree with this. expecting user culture to be a certain way will only lead to disappointment, but you can still appreciate the nice interactions you get from time to time
This is why I like posting on Crystal cafe and 4chan when I want to talk about serious stuff. Racism, porn and racebait is banned, anyone who starts randomly insulting or trolling others gets banned the same day. But there is still plenty of freedom of expression and threads to talk about anything you want pretty much. Women are just better at everything including imageboards.
People suck, sweetie. Grow the fuck up
no its white men. they ruin everything.
the reason we say nigger so much is because we are black, we reclaimed the word from whitey so therefore we can use it!!!
 But there is still plenty of freedom of expression and threads to talk about anything you want pretty much.
hmm. i don't know if i agree with this. i get tons of posts removed on cc if they are not socially acceptable enough. that reminds me that i should check up on that place
Yeah, this place sucks futanari balls.
Less related to cruelty, sometimes I see arguments on here where I resonate with one guy's point, then he also just starts spouting insane bullshit. Fuck man I don't get it. This place is too far gone. I'm too far gone. I need a break.
I've found that being more sincere has led me to meeting friendlier faces on here. It's quite gratifying.
for sure its hard to be nice to eachother without just ending up in a circlejerk sadly
Time to put on your big boy pants, Kyle! Time for school! Mommy will be pick you up later today, okay?
There are lots of people like you here, they're just drowned out by the vocal minority.
Used to visit forum websites for niche interests
They're all dead
Social media and it's consequences have been a disaster for the internet landscape
yoi mean jewish corporations
Sometimes it feels more and more like you can only choose between a gaslighting, overly sanitized mainstream, and the absolute cesspit of user content. All sites trend towards one or the other over time, and its just getting harder to find anything in between with any real sense of authenticity
HEY ITS THE SAMMY HYDE SHOW GUYS
