1. Keeping your virginity until at least age 30 will ensure that you have the time to mature and really understand the gravity of the commitment of entering a relationship.
2. You will be more confident in yourself and in your decisions, knowing that you are waiting for the right person and the right time, rather than entering into relationships impulsively.
3. You will be able to focus on developing other areas of your life, such as your career, hobbies, and passions, as you learn to be content in your own skin.
4. You will be able to establish a strong support system of friends, family, and mentors who can guide you and help you make the right decisions when you are ready.
5. You will have time to learn to love and appreciate yourself before you enter into a relationship with someone else.
6. You will be able to have meaningful conversations and form deep relationships with people without the physical distractions.
7. You will be able to better identify unhealthy relationships and red flags, as you learn more about yourself and the type of partner you want.
8. You will be able to explore your sexuality and discover what you really want and need from a partner without the pressure of a relationship.
9. You will gain invaluable experience in communication and conflict resolution as you navigate social relationships without the added stress of a physical relationship.
10. You will be able to approach relationships with respect and integrity, rather than seeking out physical gratification.
By your 30s, the women around you aren't looking for a relationship, they're looking for marriage.
Holy mother of all copes
i would eat that dudes asshole and im not even into eating ass or dudes
The pros of being a 30 yo virgin
im so glad you are ready to lose your virginity, anon!
im so tired of all those worthless fuckbois, i want a real man!
arent you exited to finally lose your virginity!?
i envy the dead
The only "pro" of being a 30 year old virgin is that your genes have not been allowed to further corrupt the species.
I want to fucking end my own life brother
Don't be a little bitch. Study harder or go to a temp agency. Good pussy follows hard work or luck. Wallowing is not admirable nor worthy of mourning.
The """"""pros""""""""" of being a 30 year old virgin lmaoooo. You're not a better partner and you're not improving your future relationship. You're a failed manchild and there will be no relationship.
Good pussy follows hard work
Bwahahahaahahahaha good pussy follows good face + height.
Actually all pussy does that hard work buys you hookers.
You are the real bitch here
OP is a retard and a virgin I don't know if you can explain this to him, he is too far gone
Why not date someone from a different country who will throw their pussy at you? Isn't that better than killing yourself?
What a cope hahah. If you think more then one minute about it you will realize that those are thing you can do and learn in a relationship. How about you don't date someone that hinders you in those things? You should be able to grow in a relationship as a person. Maybe you shouldn't date some wirdo who will fuck up your live
Shut up chatgpt
I can always tell soulless writing from that cursed application by a glance. No trave of humanity is in what wrote this
I'll put your whole faggot family through the meat grinder bud.
Good pussy follows hard work
uh-huh. meeks and chads are real hard workers! wow!
You're a loser. How would you know what gets girls if you've never had one? Stop being a loser. Maybe you'll get one.
Didn't read all that junk. But I will say this one thing about 30 yr old virgins: They Haven't ruined their chemical bonding system by having meaningless sex.
For normies, it's not a matter of hard work or luck. It just happens to them naturally.
If you have to put in any effort, you are a failure.
How would you know what gets girls if you've never had one?
the scientific blackpill. its justified to believe in strong science, because science flows from philosophy
and philosophy is how we justify belief in anything, and philosophy justifies itself, in the way that logic verifies logic and math verifies math, etc
Stop being a loser
you want to give me a qt korean gf?
lol
everyday i want to die
telling me to stop being a loser is like telling a homeless person to "just buy a house and get a good job, bro!"
doesnt work that you, you disingenuous retard. fucking how disgusting of a person can you be, to gaslight like that? fucking shameless disgusting pathetic excuse of a human being, you are
I was a 30 year old virgin that lost it at 32
The only benefit I can see is you didn't fall into marriage with some fat hag or end up paying child support after getting divorce rapped. 
Other than that it fucking sucks.
My youth was stolen from me. 
Younger women show interest in me all the time and I can't even reciprocate it because I'm so depressed over missing out on what everyone else got. 
Also they'd probably run for the hills once they find out I'm 10+ years older than them.
You're retarded. Please refrain from diseasing others with your retarded outlook.
Your lack of experience with women is going to prevent you from ever finding a relationship at that age.
The only benefit I can see is you didn't fall into marriage with some fat hag or end up paying child support after getting divorce rapped.
This can still happen to you even in your 30's or 40's. Not much of a win honestly.
