Theirs a sub culture of nogs that cover their faces with anime characters
this is really really embarrassing
It gets worse anon
dont white people literally dress up as anime characters? dont you guys watch hentai porn of your favorite anime characters? 
white men goes one day without projecting and lacking self awareness challenge: failed
my ex was into a black nerd socialmedia group when not black. he would force me to watch jessica jones fuck a black guy on netflix so he would get mad and then fuck me in retaliation. twas weird.
the motivations for both are entirely different.
I'm actually not sure what the psychology informing this trend is, but it's different than physically cosplaying and engaging in a shared interest at conventions.
that's cute i wish i had black friends like that
it looks like those anime faces were photoshopped onto the black people. white men are even more pathetic than i thought
who gives a shit, much better than the subculture that tells you to rob each other and gun each other down. let them all be weebs.
Huh
Any smart anons who can infer why nogs do this 
Lot of blacks people are weebs. Most zoomed are weebs 
I found these people on rap instagram pages anon
pretty bssedd desu
What happened to the time when anime was something only weridos enjoyed?
The obsession you guys have with dehumanizing black people is really sad and weird.
can't humanize a nonhuman entity to begin with retard
Oooga booga oooga booooga 
Me want white women
wtf why are they doing this?
Zuko isn't an anime character
But of course nogs would think he is 
This is why I am racist
whites, asians, jews, slavs, spics and even beaners all take part in cosplay. All these races are far better and not as useless as nigs
also, shit bait
shit bait 
What happened to the time when anime was something only weridos enjoyed?
It passed 
We dehumanized them 
no 
Are they wearing masks?
Anime niggas are absolutely frens
There's*
The real subhumans are the ones who don't know their theres. If you don't know them, you can't even blame the school system at that point. It's your own fault.
Theirst*
