Share your experience with black men
Smoked some weed with this super chill black dude from Africa a month ago. He was great, super smart
I'll whittle that down to men in general.
60% decent experience.
im sure youll like me im a realy nice guy, whats your IP address
You seem like a nice fellow, anon, so I'll make an exception just this once.
It's 192.168.1.1
I legitimately don't think I've ever conversed with a black man.
Black guys seem to really like me platonically. I'm an Asian. You blackbots are probably pretty chill too, I'd drink with you any day.
Basically this without the music or anime part.
Huh.. so you live in dallas texas too, anon?
The other day he said thanks for being an ally even though I'm Spanish.
All in all my interactions with black men have been neutral
They nutted inside my tight little femboy hole
Niggers are like non existent in my area yet every single interaction just happens to be sour. Funny that. I hate niggers.
what kind of straight male says this unironically jfl
almost always negative. unless they're nerds. the only cool niggers ive met were nerds.
Fuck you nigger you actually like rap music and shounen shit. Pathetic nigger faggot kill myself
Finally,Ican fix my router. I've been looking for this IP for years, thanks stranger
Funny init
Only interaction I've ever had with a black guy was when one slapped my ass while I was at a mall out of state with my highschool girlfriend and her parents.
Same here.
No black men here. Any femanons here who can enlighten us about the BBC myth?
unhinged stalkers, haters, and wannabe coomers
This describes trailer trash way better than black people.
Nah you are. Kys
90% of what racists think of as "black culture" is actually just poor people culture. Turns out when you're discriminated against for hundreds of years your descendants tend to be lower on the overall socioeconomic ladder.
Discarded.
Lived with 4 as roommates by accident.
2/4 had children out of wedlock
4/4 smoked weed and cigs incessantly
4/4 really dumb (confused UK and Ukraine)
Generally pretty negative.
Like Jews... Oh wait
kek shut the fuck up jew. trailer trash are niggerish but niggers are on a different level. stop with this "LE BLACK CULTURE IS JUST LE (insert general less horrible culture)" cope, you fucking faggot jew.
Stinks, is loud and acts like a child someone gave too much sugar
i've never fucked a black guy before so i don't have any experience, what about you chud anon? do you have a black bf? is he nice?
Lmfao cope harder White trash
leave
It's only moeshitters who feel the need to freak out about shonen in order to feel like an elitist.
based and true as always.
poor people in general are stupid, it's why they're poor. But poor whites are still humans and not half-ape monstrosities who fly off the handle more unpredictably than any animal.
My dad is a black man. He's not perfect, I personally find his afrocentrist views disgusting, but he's always tried his hardest to be a good father to me and my sister.
You should
Gay black thugs that let me molest their booty holes for just 300 dollars
desu all the experiences I've had with black people have been great. now mexicans on the other hand...
had problems with some then got along with some
as a mexican I def had alot of problems with my own than any other race but I think that's because of my location, and most of my friends were mexican ofcourse
