https://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/12uxkmo/noone_regrets_their_baddie_days_once_they_get/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf&amp;utm_content=2&amp;utm_term=15
They dont regret being cum dumpsterz
People have sex OP. Well, people other than you I mean
its just sex anon, why so serious?
the whole women will regret riding the carousel when they get older is cope and always has been cope. They would only regret it if being a slut with a 100+ body count stopped them from getting a beta bux when the wall came. It doesn't so they face no consequences for their actions.
Ur gonna get raped by a nigger soon
in other news people who live life and have fun don't regret it
Shocker
r9k doesn't say this though
they just acknowledge the reality of the cock carousel
I hate them cause why cant I have fun as well. and what happened to old r9k u guys are just fags . Go back to ur normie spaces and die .
and also the scorn comes from not being apart of it, if a robot was hooking up with a different girl every weekend or at the very least serially monogamous with several different girlfriends before settling down they wouldn't care about the woman's past (to an extent) because they'd be on the same page. The problem is that you're a beta loser who gets exploited by a dessicating roastie because of the experience gap
It has always been cope, women get away with everything anon.
Funny thing is, women will get away with anything and men will also defend them later.
However this is not to be taken as 
hurr durr redpillers are wrong
On the contrary; this needs to be spread far an wide:
Women will just get away with everything.
There is no justice in this world unless we make it; So make it!
The thing is WOMEN will get away with everything, the reason being that they just get mens money from divorce.
The victims here are the children who have to grow up in broken families because of the action of these women, and the men who have to end up in loveless marriages for the womens convenience.
And women do not care.
Now do you think, a moral actor would not care about something like that?
This is the question you should be asking
The issue is that the men these women end up marrying typically never got to experience the same thing. There's an experience gap and the woman ends up loathing him because he's not as good or doesn't excite her like the guys she fucked around when she was younger.
most robots will be lucky to be able to get a post wall female as a beta bux.
Oh yeah, you should definitely trust a neurotic, old, bitter hag, or even just women in general, on how women feel. In the other thread where this exact Reddit post was posted we found out that the OP of that post is a single alcoholic hag who goes to Reddit for dating advice
Doesn't change the fact that middle aged white women use SSRI's and antidepressants at insanely high rates, all have mental issues and go to a therapist, and most of these former whores are in unsatisfied marriages and dead bedrooms. When you spend your youth getting railed by robust Chads some oofy doofy beta provider doesn't hit the same. It's like giving up crack.
Source? That sounds funny af, I knew she was a femcel old fuck based on even knowing what redpill is.
This is ironically very effective radicalisation propaganda so I welcome it
It is as if one of these wealthy hedge fund managers who have destroyed people's livelihoods through corporate mergers or financial corruption says
"UNPOPULAR OPINION: I don't feel any guilt for being a scumbag and ruining the lives of people and I get away with it because society is structured in a way to benefit my hedonism so I don't want that structure to change"
I dont know. There was a thread on this board just a couple of hours ago with the exact same OP image, you can look up the subreddit and title and look at her profile to see
This +1 the best way to destroy all the cucks and losers who are now defending this, is to screencap their responses, and Safe the OP picture, and then post it on here, and everywhere every day for a hundred days.
This is suicide fuel and will only give rise to more radicalization. And it will also serve to humiliate the retarded cucks who think that this will somehow btfo redpillers LMAO
Women lie. Not saying many of them don't feel this way, but many of them would say that regardless. They want to rationalize their choices, to feel like they're happy with the choices they made. But they're not. This is rule number 1 when it comes to women. They fucking lie like there's no tomorrow.
They want to rationalize their choices
People do that in general. For example, incels don't want to admit that maybe things might have worked out better if they hadn't spend their entire youth playing video games and jacking off to cartoons; so they build an entire dogma to convince themselves that they never had a chance.
Incels spent their youth playing video games and fapping to cartoons BECAUSE nobody liked them. They had no other options.
The incel thing is a little more complicated, but I agree that some of them don't want to help themselves. Either way, kill yourself, bimbo.
obviously she don't regret it. do you really think she would regret having sex with chad and being a slut with that having 0 consequences in her live? if she regret something it's not being more of a slut than she was. all women are like that btw.
She is right.
Thats why incels should just bang South American escorts while they are young so they also had baddie days to look back on.
we turned to computers and video games because we were rejected in social situations starting from an early age. Don't say it was our 'personality' either, young children really don't have any.
Don't say it was our 'personality' either, young children really don't have any.
Correct, it was more likely autism.
Robots cannot experience that by their very nature. It's a completely flawed idea.
It wasn't. I went to a psychiatrist as a kid, they found nothing wrong with me. 
I was a completely normal kid who got bullied and excluded for no reason. Any symptoms I might have are a result of a lifetime of neglect, I started out normal.
same, the only thing I was diagnosed with was ADHD. In my case I happened to be immature for my age and a tattle tale. That right there killed my social development as it meant I had no friends during those critical early years. Get behind then and you'll likely be behind your entire life.
I want to kill people who use slang terms, one of my ex girlfriends used to use that stupid phrase all the fucking time and it drove me up a wall. Regardless; of course women don't regret it, women don't "regret" anything because they lack basic critical thinking skills and have absolutely zero self reflection.
This is the truth that retarded redpillers aren't ready to accept. These slutty women WILL find decent high quality men who will love them regardless of their past and vice versa. NORMAL people get thrown into the fray and fuck and suck and smoke and toke. We are not normal, so the general idea of such a thing disgusts us, but only because deep down, we're ashamed that we're not currently included.
IRL you can't even get women to admit to things that they happily and proudly gabber about online. Like hell would they admit to others, or even themselves, that they've done bad or stupid shit that they regret. Even alcoholics and potheads are more honest about their bad habits than women.
robothood has always been about sour grapes, we don't really hate chad, we're angry that we aren't chad.
Women never lose. They might larp as being depressed because it's "cool" to be mentally ill these days, but they live in eternal retarded bliss where they can do almost anything they want and it'll still turn out okay. They'll still get married, they'll still breed, and if they regret getting married they'll just divorce and get the beta buxx still anyway.
There isn't anything you can do about it except genuinely just not giving a shit.
I'm a former incel and I don't regret doing that stuff in my youth. I fucking hate normies, they are retarded and being around them is suffering.
im a non virgin and you foids disgust me
Nah I do hate chad. I would not care if he got only the best women, because thats just how things go, but the problem is many chads go for women below their league and thus make those women think that their hot shit for being used as a cumdump. Chads have plenty of options yet still go for bottom tier women just to up their body count, bagging a 5 when you are a 9 is nothing to be proud of, if youre a top of the line man then have some standards at least.
pussy is pussy and a 5 girl will give it up for a 9 a lot easier than a 9 girl would
Everyone knows women always win and never suffer or struggle. >>73056947 is right, they have it so good they'll literally larp as being miserable because they're bored.
We live in a gynocracy and you don't need to regret anything when you never actually suffer consequences for your actions.
50% of marriages end in divorce, most white women are depressed and have tons of mental issues and become wine moms to cope, and most marriages are deadbedrooms.
If pussy is pussy then chads should just bag one girl to have a monogamous relationships with, but they dont, they like upping their body count because of the ego boost.
women can't pair bond anymore due to having had sex with so many people before they got married.
kek she's an unironic alcoholic femcel
It's all a cope. These long posts they create are more of them trying to convince themselves more than anyone else. God women are so retarded and destructive.
holy rekt
0 consequences in her live
Well, I don't think it's 0 consequences.
Being a whore is a habit detrimental to monogamous relationship.
That inevitably brings consequences.
Then again, if consequences are her ability to divorcee rape her husband and slander him as abuser and rapist for cash and prizes, then it may be less of an issue for her.
But that's also legal inequality.
How and why people tolerate it in an age of, allegedly, equality between men and women?
Source: Dude just trust me
Reddit
K.
KEEEEEK He's right, OP pic is full of shit
Alkohol 
LMAO, in before 
I do not regret that either btw
It's whore cope. They don't want to accept that they'll die alone.
If you still pursue women in they year of 2023 I honestly don't even know what to say to you.
Femcelbros...we lost
o mon dieux
Lol every time
if they hadn't spend their entire youth playing video games and jacking off to cartoons
Ah the old just go outside theory. I completely gave up video games during my first 2 years of university. I was just as alone as I was before. In fact I was more alone than before because now I couldn't even play video games with my classmates. I also gave up porn for 6 months at a time.
Then I started playing video games again.
When I was young, I would have preferred meeting girls, falling in love, having sex, growing up with someone, even experiencing a breakup, but those were never options for me. 
I don't pretend things couldn't have worked out better had I made different decisions. I can say with a great deal of certainty that had I not played video games at all or watched porn at all, I would be in the same situation I'm in now. Really the only thing that helped with finally getting my first relationship was gymceling for about 1.5 years and then posting shirtless pictures of myself on dating apps. I tried going to raves but I was usually heightmogged since I'm a 5'8.5 morning height manlet.
what redditniggers fail to see is that women are generally bad about seeing responsibility, especially when it's not a straightforward cause-effect relationship.
she likely doesn't see the connection between spending her 20's fucking random men and spending her 40's getting drunk alone with dead-end relationships
ok you know what? Now I'm fuckin black-pilled
Needs a vibrator to get off anyway
Comments section proves you wrong
And there are literally thousands of reddit posts where these roasties hit 30 find some guy they want to marry but have to lie about their past because they know it would tank any potential future with them
 The guy inevitably finds out that she lies, and has to skirt around the issue of saying I don't want to marry a used up roastie with some bullshit like "iTs NoT ThAt I dOnT ReSPEct PrOmIsCuOuS WoMeN, ItS jUsT nOt FoR Me"
Most of those women have to lie because they could never admit that partying and being ran through maybe wasn't a fulfilling as SATC and cosmopolitan magazine told them it was
Women will say literally anything if they think it will give them a one up over their opponents. They don't care about truth.
But if there is one kernel of truth in this its that most thots probably don't regret their baddie days. But what they regret instead is the other things they didn't do while they were whoring it up. They are extremely insecure and while they can indeed get cheap thrills when they are young eventually Mr. Wall comes along and knocks them down a peg. That's when the regret settles in. When the good times stop and it's time to be a functional adult. Most of them live lives of quiet desperation. Seething over the fact that they don't have a richer husband. That their offspring are loud, and rude and expensive. They lament not being able to lock down a rich Chad for themselves.
she likely doesn't see the connection
Oh, they know anon. They know.
She wants to lead young women down that same path because she doesn't want to be the only one hurt by it.
