I'm weak for even having anxiety, I'm 19 and doing my final year over 2 years cos of health issues (pain conditions) and anxiety, and now I'm still overwhelmed even more by work and it's killing me.
Everything I do, even in my own home, makes me worried. I'm told it's GAD. My mum says pills will not be good for me, I agree, but I need them to get through this. I've struggled for many years and have gotten through without pills, but now it's beyond a joke for me. 
Even my doctor suggested pills when I came in for some bladder and stomach issues, which I said are related to anxiety when he said that it might be the case. I said I had never had them, so he didn't pursue that route.
I would like some relief, and I'm worried I won't get through this.
I've gone through three of my final exams last year, and now, I've got three more, I can do them, but my anxiety has finally made me shut down, it no longer gets me going, it just kills me. I'm overwhelmed and it makes me feel lazy.
Sounds like you need a break, a holiday from what you are doing. Start small and buy some CBD oil and take some of that for 2 week see of your mood changes, then buy some weed and take a small amount in the morning.
If that doesn't work come back and we find you another thing to try
somehow I think doing CBD oil would be the last thing my mum would want.
Your mum doesn't have your problem, you do and if by some chance you feel better about everything you can manage your amount and carry on
Life is fast and can make everyone overwhelmed, you just need to accept that sometimes you need a break and some help.
Pills are useful in the short term. Your body and mind are unable to cope with that amount of stress, and doing nothing won't help because you are already overwhelmed. What's important is that you gradually build up inner strength while you're on the medication, changing the way you perceive and handle stress, so that in the future without meds, you can still handle it fine.
t. recovered from GAD
Pills only works for 6 to 9 months top. Save them for when you have a true plan in life and need a cheatcode. I've wasted that.
I'm glad to hear that it helped you. Thanks for telling me this.
I need them to pull me back, I'm not feeling any better and I'm doing all of the things I've been told that help, believe me.
Pretty much this. I have completed the medicine part, except the building up inner strength part.
