"free speech absolutism" just means CP and little kids being edgy bigots. 
you're allowed to do just about everything else according to the rules of society. 
why do you want to be a retarded piece of shit so badly?
the fact that you're lumping in kids being 'edgy little bigots' in with child porn just goes to show how retarded and obsessed you are with it.
Could I call out Muslims for worshipping a pedophile rapist, under your arbitrary definition of what constitutes acceptable speech?
Because some of the 'everything else' will move to censure too, once the fickle mob has a new witch to burn.
All or nothing, bitch.
they aren't being lumped together you stupid goddamn idiot. those are just the two things you can do under "free speech absolutism". the two things. two different things. you can do them with "free speech absolutism" but that's about it. the rest of the things you can do are the same. 
goddamn idiot
you can call out islam for being a pile of shit without free speech absolutism very easily
Yeah I saw that Sam Hyde clip too
Weird he didn't think that when he was wasting adult swims money
MDE was so unbelievably misogynistic i can't imagine what the hell they were thinking.
Nope. Already been banned from Twitter for it, you definitely cannot. Arbitrarily censoring things only serves to protect certain classes of people from criticism. Also by CP, do you just mean loli? Those are just drawings, who gives a shit? Actual CP would still be illegal because it's actual children being harmed
you're a dumbass, then. you're doing it wrong. you're being a dick to people instead of addressing the issues with the religion. 
source: i do it constantly. 
you're an idiot.
free speech absolutists
All I did was call Muhammad a pedophile rapist.
you're a dumbass, then
All I did was call Muhammad a pedophile rapist.
How am I wrong? It's gross but they're just drawings, no one is actually being harmed.
This. This is effevtively a bait thread. We created that in the first place so edgy control freak people obsessed with ruling shit dont get out of hand and then start silencing people out of spite. Essentially, it prevents THE BIGGEST KIND OF CHILD to ever happen again, dipshit. Deal with it pussy faggot pedo.
no woman will ever respect you
Not an argument. Do you want to ban slasher flicks too?
Wrong. You can't call out the jew. Can't even deny the holocaust in most countries. Can't point out the false flag that was Sandy Hook. Couldn't and still can't talk about the covid vaccine being deadly on social media or youtube without getting immediately banned. Now you can't post anything negative about that mentally ill dude Dylan Mulvanney without getting banned or hacked.
