This sort of thing has happened many times within the last 6 months. 
I'm pretty sure I'm hallucinating it. No TVs were on in another room. I wasn't under the influence of any substances and wasn't particularly sleep deprived. At this point I pretty much just ignore it and can tell when I'm hallucinating voices or if it's actually real (when someone is home). Am I actually developing schizophrenia or something? Can any schizoanons chime in and tell me what the start of your schizophrenia was like?
hehe this nigger is off his rocker!
anon that's not nice :(
Didnt read your post but thanks for the Reddit karma
watch serial experiments lain real quick
Anon lack of sleep and stress can cause these from my experience,if you can,try to rest more don't sleep late if possible
I think I get enough sleep and I try to sleep at a regular time, usually 8ish hours a night.
Open windows in your room , it might be carbon monoxide building up in your coom chamber, get better sleep , don't use headphones and play loud music too much and don't have too much nicotine or alcohol or whatever drugs zoomers do nowadays and it should resolve.
If not , get a CO detector for your room and go see a doctor.
i used to think i could hear my parents arguing a lot when they weren't. wasn't coming from next door but turned out to be from upstairs neighbors coming through the pipes or something.
sometimes i think i hear voices in small background noise that i'd otherwise not pay attention to (like the sound of the fan on my computer) but i can tell it's just gibberish my brain is misinterpreting the sound as
also have an issue where i hear voices when i'm trying to sleep if i'm talking with people too much during a day sometimes, like my brain is processing all of that since i don't tend to have long conversations with people
anyways brains are fucking weird
I used to remember hearing sounds like voices when I was younger. I had the odd thought that if I was schizophrenic I would assume they were hallucinations. Now I am actually schizophrenic and I do think that (and I also wonder if they actually were voices back then)
