what's the point of quitting if i'll never be happy anyway?
Do you not smoke vapes?
I haven't smoked in 5 months and I feel an urge to pick it up again at some point. The only benefits to quitting is more lung capacity and less to no chest pains.
i refuse to vape. i'd rather get a heart attack while dying of lung cancer than be seen with a fucking vape
i'm a gymcel and it's been impacting my performance, so that's the only real argument, albeit not a strong one
I quit 3 years almost
Still depressed as fuck
But life won't get better
Everything is shit and there is nothing 
Sfter death so the small moments 
Are what counts the most 
This all we got so make it the best
Thing You can
Where no niggers or whore skanks they can fuck animals childeren and corpses 
And nowane bats a fucking eye because people are filthy bastards it's sad but treu 
Love yourself don't do it for bitches Love is a fake concept people only bullshit 
When they are around being alone is less lonely than being in a whole room off company because it truly doesn't matter how You twist it 
Society is in its second fall off Rome and mabey just Mabey it could be a good thing 
I stopped smoking when I was all alone with nobody around humanity is a cancer a disease what is intelligence when people still fuck around like fucking animals 
Smoking is nothing more than suicidal 
GMO that kills You with the poisons
In the tar stick 
If You do it because off Lack off pussy your a Retarded Simp Cuck that needs to get a serious look at yourselfs shit ain't 
Worth it bro next You till me that you want to fuck male ass or get fucked by other dudes just for some dog horse fucking cunt to give You crumbs off attention come on Faggots You better than that
Fuck pussy 
Love pussy mossy meow meow
Get a cat yo chill and pet they fluffy
And be loyal if You raise them right
Get meowed pilled the only good pussy is one with fur that is calming You down 
Fucking is overrated if white hoes fuck dogs it means it's just nasty and cheap doesn't it 
Unite with bros
Fuck hoes
You never had a chance to be happy with that shitty attitude anyway.
Well, it can be a rather ugly and lingering death. But then nothing guarantees you that whatever will actually get you in the end is any kinder.
Can't fault you either way, I have been smoking for decades and its unlikely I'll fully quit. probably just switching to weed at some point.
the botposting is out of control lol
It's become exceedingly expensive. That's a good argument in favor of quitting. I'd be able to afford a car if I hadn't spent so much on cigs.
I don't want a car, I want to be happy
do you want me to be ok with being alone or something?
mr goldberg can use you longer
You become gross an unlikable to every other non-smoker. If you don't care about that keep going king.
having taste, smell extra mpney and better sleep will make you happier for sure
I was gross and unlikeable before I ever started
there is a small chance you might become happy
