Traditionalist fags eternally BTFO.
When did anyone say that having kids is the only ingredient? You have to raise them like good parents unlike selfish boomers. Also kids are joy for some people to raise too.
I wish anti traditionalist women liked me
That's just because women live longer than they have any right to really. They don't have to die protecting others or work dangerous jobs or end up sleeping on dark alleys as often either.
The chance to be put in a home
As opposed to
There's a reason women shouldn't vote
In a fair number of cases, old people in homes are there because they don't want to be a burden on their kids/grandkids to have to constantly be taken care of
Not that they enjoy or want to be there, but they endure it
So can we stop pretending like women are not sex crazed freaks then? We try so hard to pretend like they want relationships or whatever the fuck. Seems like they just want to have sex with tons of random men.
Grannys need to buy a fucking gaming pc. It's better to play csgo than to have annoying kids in your face everyday.
She is retarded and so are you. Pic rel
Also the ones in nursing homes are those WITHOUT a tight nucleus which is more likely to occur if you marry a whore :) 
Have fun dying alone
Because of tinder that 90 year old grandma can still make it.
Nigger, are you on Tinder fucking 90 year old grandmas? You faggots are weird copers.
They were put there by their boomer kids
The boomers themselves that are going in, deserve it for their actions and choices, they're fucking despised
Getting married means nothing since moids all cheat anyway
Zoomers cant even look after themselves, you really think they are gonna look after their ageing parents?
maybe not use a chart from 95 to prove your point, bud
Plenty of moids wouldn't cheat if females would give us a chance, but females just want the traditional dominant guys who are more likely to cheat and not respect them
Stopped reading there.
People who get married as young virgins are almost always highly religious, and most religions are strongly against divorce. Thats what prevents divorce, not body count you dumb fuck. Cause doesnt equal correlation.
Boomers and silent generation all beat their kids into oblivion because they were too busy fucking everything up to actually raise them well. No wonder their kids dont want anything to do with them.
Yeah it's easier to pretend otherwise, women love doing that so they can justify going for Chad only, by telling themselves that any other guy would treat them just as bad. Common female cops there
What is an "exception to a rule"?
Both of my great grandparents got regular visits in the years of dementia leading up to their deaths.
The last time i saw my great grandmother alive, i gave her a kiss on the forehead goodbye because i just knew.
She taught me painting and was the reason i was extremely polite and understanding of people when i was younger, truly a good person.
This anecdotal story from some seething feminist is just a bunch of mental gymnastics to justify being refused by men.
She couldn't have a truly good family if she wanted to because shes already used goods with baggage.
this is why women's opinions are worth literally nothing.
spicing this shit thread on my way out.
you misspelt chad you crosseyed mouthbreathing roastie. maybe if you stopped snorting your dog's cum after getting knotted you'd have less brain damage
Find better people
Maybe use data to btfo my point instead of feewings, "bud" 
You retarded idiot. No shit. Traditionalism leads to less divorces. 
Learn what a TREND is, lefty. 
Do you know how to use stats, coper? Stats are a TOOL to being able to distinguish a TREND. 
Why the FUCK would I go against the trend and settle for a used bitch when the TREND shows nothing good comes from it? Go to the website itself. You will see like 30 stats showing how promiscuity leads to degeneracy in women. NOT just related to marriage.
Also lul. The expression is "correlation doesn't mean causation". Not the other way around, Jackass
God could you be any more stereotypical if you fucking tried?
Go shovel Chads cum then die in a war, thats what you were made for, scrotes.
Ack i yield you got us good foidkun
That's what I thought, hoe.
