I recently finished watching Welcome to the NHK. I love it. It's relatable. Is there any other good incel anime that I should watch? Aside from NHK, the only other anime that could be classified as incel anime was the Tomoko anime, which I also liked.
this is a little embarrassing to read.
what happened to 4chan.
No dude; Welcome to the NHK is an incel anime
lmao
Satou is an incel, retard.
It's a NEET anime, not an incel anime. In what way is Sato an incel when there's a girl that wants to fix him?
Incels didn't exist when the series came out retard. Satou is, canonically and explicitly, a hikikomori
He's still an incel. Even at the very end he never had sexual intercourse.
based
cringe,just because you're a neet that doesn't make you a incelfag
Incels have existed since the dawn of man. 
Satou never had sex, because he couldn't have sex. Therefore, he is involuntarily celibate.
He has Misaki now.
Are you saying that Satou was a virgin throughout the series because he wanted to? No. He was involuntarily celibate.
The incel meme is like a decade old, at most
OP this guy is pretty much right >>73069154
But yeah it's relatable and great over all. 
You could try Genshiken. There's a character there who is virgin and very into 2D with a solid philosophy behind it. But then a tranny joins their club... damn when you think about it kind of resembles this board with normalfag and trannyfag infestation. 
Other than this you could probably enjoy Kaiji.
Is there even any media with an incel mc where no woman swoops him off his feet and "fixes" him?
Forget anime, anything at all that explores perpetual loneliness and sexual frustration in men without having a miracle female come around and solve all the issues.
Whatever (1999)
are you the gaycel dude
Satou is a fakecel.  It is implied in the anime that he had sex with Hitomi before they graduated. Yamazaki was more of an incel but also a bit of a simp and ended up married. 
No it wasn't. It has been stated many times in the anime that Satou is a 22 year old virgin.
retard
You're not the only political retard who does this
invent category
It's called cathegorize, retard. Any involuntarily sexless man is an incel, and there have been plenty sexless men in history. Famous ones, too.
It's like saying people "invented" mental illnesses and they weren't a thing before psychology was advanced enough to diagnose them.
I don't care to argue with retards. Please consider suicide for the good of everyone around you &lt;3
tatami galaxy s1
Watch Sangastu no Lion
YOU FUCKING CHUD YOU FUCKING CHUD HAVE SEX INCEL
Based FKMT Chad. Add Strongest Man Kurosawa for manga, realest shit
