How am i supposed to NOT treat women like objects? let me explain. having an orgasm does the same affects to your brain like drugs. imagine if there was a third sex of people. like males, females, and omales or something. lets say if you stick ur dick into an omale it gives off the same sensation as doing weed or something and you get high. why would you expect people to not just befriend omales just to get in their pants to get the sensation of getting high? of course if they can provide something that magical then people would take advantage of it, no shit
The foremost issue here is you're an actual retard who doesn't know what a subject or object is. Explaining this to you would be a futile endeavor, so I won't bother
average twitter headline consumer
In the same way I don't always actually listen to what children are saying
hmm seems like you would be a terrible parent then
Saying women are sex objects is way less pathetic and cringe than saying i need a woman to cook and clean for me.
I can't suck my own dick but i can sure keep myself alive and healthy something right wing men struggle to do.
If you want to follow this comparison to drugs, set and setting matter. If you take acid with a bunch of good friends in the aquarium, you're gonna have better time than if you do it in your cockroach-infested prison cell. For women, an unattractive man is like being in that prison cell - it completely kills all of their enjoyment of love, sex, the whole relationship. In order to avoid this, society has made rules that keep unattractive men from randomly hitting on women and ruining their fun. Since unattractive men represent less of the population than attractive men and women put together, this actually benefits the majority of the population and is completely just. If you happen to be unattractive and unable to get that sex high you so crave, I recommend blowing your own brains all over the nearest wall. I hear that gives you a pretty good high, even better than sex. Too bad I'm too addicted to sex to try it myself, you'll have to tell me how it works out via Ouija board or some shit.
okay, didnt ask? im talking about men's mindset regarding women
No, you're bitching about other people getting made you for breaking the rules I mentioned, and your post is a passive-aggressive seethe looking for cheap validation from other turbo-losers so that you don't have to actually learn a bare minimum of mental discipline and control your own opinions of people.
LMAO
Hey, when you gotta shit these posts our real fast, mistakes get made.
out real fast*
women are still objects, bud
The difference is quite easy to understand.
Most men can do.
No they aren't. Incels constantly invoke their right to use their shit personal experience with women as a justification for being mean. I've had great experiences with women and horrible experiences with incels, so why shouldn't I be fucking with you guys, exactly? You sit around all day threatening people I love and suddenly I'm supposed to have sympathy for you guys? No, incels are the objects here and this very board is the proof.
I can cook and clean but I need a woman to cook and clean for me because that's what they're for. Women are great multi taskers naturally, it is in their nature. Women are put on this earth to cook me my dinner, to be a dishwasher, a child barer, to look after children, and a sextoy all at once. A faulty woman is a woman who neglects her womanly duties and functions, and one who complains and nags about it constantly
DO better
projection again. im not an incel but keep labeling everyone things that you cant argue against. your like leftiest calling everybody nazis when theyre too stupid to engage with opposing arguments
I didn't bring up politics but your knee-jerk hated of "leftiests" tells me you're just a nazi. Since the overwhelming majority of online nazis are unfuckable losers, I think you're probably getting out of being an "incel" on technicality, if that. How'd you loose your virginity, Himmler? Did you fuck your drunk cousin after she had passed out and been passed around by everyone else?
Is the Dorohedoro manga good? I tried reading it a bit in around 2016, but the first chapters were pretty confusing and I left it at that.
Except this is wrong.
Both are objects.
Claiming that humans aren't objects is on par with claiming that humans aren't animals or apes.
We are, but special subcategory of objects (just like other living creatures)
Objectification is the dumbest claim I ever heard.
If I thought that women are just objects and not part of the subject category, then I wouldn't see the difference between women and sex dolls.
