i had been being abused by the torturous evil abusive normalfags that inhabit the board on 4chan known as s4s for so many months
yes they are very evil and abuse me on a daily basis for so long now they make me cut myself and make me take dangerous drugs because of their abuse, they are so very evil and i am so very sad, pure, innocent, an angel
now r9k does have a reputation of being an evil normalfag board as well, however, i am giving this board a chance with this book i am making at this time
if you are an abuser
if you are an evil normie
please stay away from me, i beg of you
Nobody is forcing you to take drugs
it is a force, it is an abusive evil force, which mentally commands me in a way such as how the evil users of s4s have done
however if u have never been abused i do not expect you to understand 
however u can try to understand if you are capable
who am i?
i am a but a single human being who is looking for the 2nd non evil non normalfag lovely human to exist, i do not know if they are born yet
Good boy! You should have a reason to cut yourself like anime girls. I recommend cutting yourself to Zero Two the best anime waifu in the entire planet. 
Also someones making you take dangerous drugs? That's kinda sad so, maybe you should take your drugs because of anime girls. Preferably because of Zero Two.
i beg of you abuser, PLEASE stay away from me, i wish to have nothing to do with you at all
and yes i am a girl not a boy
holy shit is this the dylan poster i missed u
Abuser? No way! I would never do that. I'm just here to tell you about the wonders of anime girls.
i do not like being called after my abuser, known as dylan / julia / grendel michael hayden
yes it is true people have called me that before
i have been posting, if u miss me there is so many ways to see me with multiple senses, i do not understand you
Would it not be healthier for you to avoid 4chan in general? Or maybe browse a blue board. Or maybe even Reddit. No one there will tell you to cut yourself for sure.
*pat pat*
but you told me that its good that i self harm and should do dangerous drugs more so i think youre an abuesr
Wow this all seems fucked as fuck. Stop doing this period. might seem impossible but I believe literally leaving all forms of social media will help since nbdy can tell u anything.
I'm not evil anon,but I might be a normalfag
Do drugs responsibly kid or if not don't do them at all
Would it not be healthier for you to avoid 4chan in general?
perhaps altho as i have said it is my goal to find the 2nd non evil non normalfag of the planet
also i am hikikomori for 6 years an i am so lonely, i simply have nowhere to go an so i post on 4chan as i have done since 2012, my only human interaction altho i tried therapy recently, i try going outside an the like, is not so good, still get abused by monsters on 4chan still lonely
blue board
possibly however i have so many interests and activities that topic boards do not suit me, an i have tried a couple blu boards before an i still get abused there (examples is lgbt, a, v)
reddit
i think reddit is very ugly
also i think the karma system encourages too much of... ehh conforming, to get popular vote
so i never used reddit
thank u for patting me twice, it been sooo many months since it happened
but i patted myself yesterday
i am addicted to image board known as 4chan because i have used it for over a decade an i have no other way to talk to ppl or interaction because i have no friends except for a japanese penpal 
well that is ok i like normies if they are not evil but u said a scary thing to me so idk
Honestly labeling someone as inherently evil seems almost unreal to me in the 21st century. Then again I was bullied in a similar manner back in middle school.
my 7 year anniversary of being hikkineet is in june i am not so excited however i should celebrate in some form i think maybe
I won't hurt you anon,I do have anger issues but I'm not violent
i was also abused horribly in middle school 
u think your abusers are not evil?
they are most certainly evil
i am certain all users of s4s were abusers/bullies in school
What did your bullies do to you?
sure thing ota'cel you abandoned us
Well to a few of mine I spoke recently and they've become decent human beings and deeply regret their actions. I am not much greater than you in that sense since I suffer from severe depression but, I can give advice from the perspective of someone who isn't a hikkikomori. I believe that you can still stay away for at least a week from social media by destracting yourself with vidya, anime, books or movies and then you can come back with an open mind.
I highly recommend keeping a journal where you document your sadness, mark the peaks in hours on paper and deeply think why you felt that way. Analyze logically most situations, if someone has malevolent intentions ignore everything they say e.g being told to harm yourself or take certain substances. Avoid at all costs don't listen to them, shift your attention to better people. Throw away your negative agenda for at least a neutral one.
Hope this helps!
i hope not however many users under "Anonymous" have abused me over the decade so i do not know who to trust anymore
some of the things they did to me in middle school was beat me up all the time, hitting me until i fell down on the ground and kicking and spitting on me on the ground
once i was stabbed in the bathroom
once someone in the bathroom put their leg behind mine an pushed me i feel head first into the sink at amazing speed and split my head open an become unconscious
i woke up in the bathroom with 3 strangers staring at me an blood all over me
i didnt tell on anyone an i required stitches 
my dad was shot and murdered in front of me while i was in middle school an one of the kids bullied me for it calling me an my dad slurs the week after he died an laughing at me at the school lunch table
no one defending me / protecting me , i told a user on r9k about this an they they called me the same slurs and called my dad the same slurs to abuse me, an so i am scared to talk about my trauma but here i have told you some of my trauma and i hope you do not abuse me for it
there are some of the things they did to me in middle school
*pat pat pat* I hope you have a good day anon.
Sorry to hear that. They sound like terrible people. Are you in a better place now?
you seem way more talkative now, are you doing better?
Well to a few of mine I spoke recently and they've become decent human beings and deeply regret their actions
that is nice i suppose it never happened to me, i dont know what i would do if an abuser ever apologized to me because its never happened, actually except for once anonymously on 4chan, well i didnt rly respond an i guess the only thing i felt was relief hoping they would never abuse me again
i could stay away from 4chan for a week if i wanted / have to but dont want to
I highly recommend keeping a journal where you document your sadness
4chan is my journal, i used to keep private dream journals but they all got lost in the fire
now i see no point in journaling if its not posted somewhere for someone to see, it gives me hope that someone will see and someone will understand someday 
if someone has malevolent intentions ignore everything they say 
yes i should but it is difficult when i am being abused / gaslighted by manipulative and evil people on s4s every day, i hide all evil posts but there is just so many
You should head on over to kick.com/leafy where we make you feel welcomed no matter how different you are
You clearly have some deep unsolved issues, this seems like straight up paranoia. Founded paranoia but very mentally damaging one, no need to hide messages to ignore them. Learn to not take for granted what you read I hope you get better OP. There's probably some people on this board who wish the same for you. I know that losing your journals was bad but journaling on a website filled with so called "evil posters" seems like a bad idea.
hey. i'm a really ugly incel, can you please be my gf, i would do anything u want
ayo lil' chaos nigga, what happens if you just, like, you know, turn off the screen?
True, at least he actually replies now when he never used to. He left for /s4s/ instead for awhile, maybe they stopped giving him enough attention.
I've posted on /s4s/ a few times but I still don't get what that board's about.
Are you in a better place now?
i live in the same county in the same state altho i live alone in my own home in the wilderness away from the humans
no it was not ghetto , just homophobic , transphobic , redneck type people who hate non conformity and difference
as a child i was very peculiar and shy a lot like how i am on the internet, i was an easy target for abuse because i did not fight back or retaliate at all, an i was very different with lots of strange behaviors and magical beliefs that people thought were stupid
at least in the place i live, lots of evil people have moved away an the demographic seems to be slightly nicer here whenever i go into public, lots of different people now
my stabbing was not so deep so i didnt get stitches for it, it just hurt to walk / move for weeks
i dont know i suppose i am doing better some ways and worse some ways and yes i talk more because i wanted to talk more and because my therapist told me i should try to talk more because he can tell i hardly use my voice
i dont know what is it
i am not paranoid of nothing that is not real i am abused every day, even in this book i am being abused with gaslighting evil liars and transphobes, its impossible to escape
beside when i sleep i would stop existing and become a incarnation of the great void
they like to shitpost for fun an to gatekeep an to pretend to be a nice board while also being abusive to any an all demographics they do not like
in general lots more gaslighting and manipulative people are there than other boards in comparison
altho you replied to an abusive poster i do not like it but i feel like telling you information
I'm curious is the abuse only verbal, in text. If I could get a better understanding of this maybe I can help more.
If it's just verbal in text with no real base or threats you need to learn to toughen up and I know it seems impossible at this point, but I believe in you OP. What you need rn is a positive enviroment and I don't think you've picked the best one, still I wish that somehow I am helping with these messages.
What a strange place. Thanks for telling me, anon.
Here, have a cuddle shark.
I have no clue who are the abusive posters, I reply to people in general without checking their tags cause it does not personally affect me. I am generally a trustworthy person that does not like "evil posters" if something can be described as such I don't want to have to deal with it. 
The thing is if people on that board are that awful why not visit more peaceful boards, try to get away as I said. Find other activities for a day or two and come back with a clear mind. Gatekeeping isn't nice but it's not really bullying it's just being a prick.
Anyways I'll keep on checking if u need anything or you want to say something go ahead, I'm here!
i am strong but i am abused and gaslighted and lied to and lied about every day is not easy, online is my real life, it is literally the same thing, you would not like it at all if someone said these things they say to me in your real life which is probably irl
online is my irl because i am hikkineet
no one on 4chan had ever abused me in the physical world i am so blessed for it to be true 
the only thing it can save me s if no one ever abused me again or if the 2nd non evil non normalfag devoted to me to be with me forever an i no longer needed anyone or anything else forever
thank you i really like very large blahaj
Well I'm glad you're out of that situation,you said that you used 4chan as a journal,maybe it's best to keep a physical note book to write your thoughts instead,maybe take a break from the internet as other anons have suggested,explore the surrounding nature instead,maybe learn to meditate
If they insult you, insult them back. Might help then again if they persist they are just trying to profit of you. I have no idea what lies they feed you but I hope they aren't too significant, I hope they don't affect your wellbeing.
chaotic is a BPDemon. Youve been warned. Demons like him are the first to gaslight their friends, there is a reason hes "alone"
sometimes i travel the wilderness i live in
i know how to meditate
i am just trying to have a social life but i get abused...
i thought the humans deserve to see my thoughts
my posting is my stream of consciousness 
when u insult them back they just get mad and abuse me more
when i tell them facts they gaslight and abuse me more
u can see if you observe 
yes i have bpd but you are the demon, attacking people with such a debilitating illness
also you are transphobic and you have abused me multiple times in just this one short post
just want to have a blog an a social life an friends an not be abused all at the same time
that is what i will do, 
also, over the past few months there is many times when i would have killed myself because of these monsters if only my firearms were not taken from me it is actually a shame
unfortunately the abusers will never go away because this world is 99% evil, however with at least once nice person it makes it bearable
Well overall I hope you find doeace and seek to further your therapy
Do you use Discord Chaos?
i am not feeling like cooking today an so i am making frozen food called chicken fried beef steak, also, i am drinking some pink lemonade it is good
i was going to quit therapy because the s4s abusers would not stop abusing me an it made me want to be alone forever, altho i do not know anymore
an so i am trying r9k an i am surprised that r9k has less abusers than s4s on april 23rd, 2023
i used to before many times but again i had uninstalled it a couple days ago why?
you should add him and tell him that he's cute
Please stop, feeding into negative emotions. All I've heard from you from this thread was the negative parts of your life, are there no good parts to your existance? If you keep pitying the way you do you'll end up feeling worse by the end. Instead you should focus on taking advice, saying things like "Okay maybe I should try this" and channeling your positive emotions into what matters OP.
You get what I mean, people may be evil, gaslighting pieces of shit and sometimes you can't take them but learn to adapt against them. Don't take your life because of some dumbasses who sit at their desk all day. You may do the same but at least you aren't a piece of shit. What matters most is if you do it, you make them happy and they don't deserve it. Don't throw bait to the sharks.
Show them you don't care and they'll lose interest, don't reply to them, ignore their comments. Come on I know you can!
op you sound like a faggot kike kill yourself
I wanted to add you. Kind of. I will admit, talking on Discord does tire me out a lot though.
ok i will try ignoring the monsters now
also i said some positive things like i live alone an i live in the wilderness, i like that i guess, there is probably some others if i look hard
i am pure and non evil non normie thats good, im not hideous thatts good
i had just been abused a lot recently so it is on my mind i suppose
my surroundings affect my mood an behavior a lot an that board is just such a bad place to be
my discord if u wish to speak with me basil#3594 i have no friends an i do not know how, not good at talking, dont trust people, scared, but yes this is me
i have no friends
despite it i consider my japanese penpal messaging my friend
i consider all non abuser my friend
sometimes im not sure what friends are, but maybe i have them in some form at least
OP if you want you can add me on discord I can't be bothered to give the whole board my official one so I made a burner, in case you need more advice. I'm too lazy to do shit.
The Door#1318
after i finish this youtube documentary on tf2 i am going to play tf2 or i am going to play left 4 dead 2 with bots on advanced, im not sure yet, actually i might do both
because it is an alt you will disappear and i will become sad
idk what to do but i want friends
i love left 4 dead 2
also i love left 4 dead 2
actually, i prefer the aesthetic and gameplay of left 4 dead 1, 
1 is more slow paced and methodical, 2 is more fast and always moving
i have 100% achievements in the first game 2 times
however i love them both for different yet also similar reasons
i'm glad you live far away from the humans, but do you feel better that way? if you do then i'm happy for you
How should this non evil non normie good person be like?
i like that 1 is more horror themed and dark
i like that 2 is more country and dusk themed
i like that they are so different yet so similar at the same time
there is always humans close by online, i can find them in real life if i wanted to, i like living in the wilderness, its quiet, peaceful, 
well i dont know but anyone that isnt abusive is good
I would never abuse. In fact, i've been abused many times. From what i've read it's clear you need help. I don't really know how to help but one thing is certain. I won't let you fall apart.
beside when i sleep i would stop existing and become a incarnation of the great void
aw come on now, lil' nigga, you got people that love you and don't want to see you suffering. Turn off the screen and give your mama a hug.
yeah, and i see a bunch of them even offered being your friends! why don't you try talking to them?
it's nice to see you thriving anon!
i thought that was already too late and rly i dont understand why it seems like r9k is not the same as it used to be a lot less evil it seems 
i think it is too late for me but if people just stop abusing me i can live a relatively peaceful life i think
i cant go to my moms house to hug her because she would probably think i was really weird or something
my mom only recently started to feel sorry for me and regret being abusive to me late last year
my mom has not said that they love me in a lot of years
i am trying talking
It's not too late, trust me. How about we talk about a topic? Like music, for example. I, for one, like Nine Inch Nails.
turn off the screen retard
Wow thats incredible. I didnt know Dylan was an ass rapist.
i am going to play some tf2 now
i will try to use some vc since i have not vced in a very long time
what server
originally
valve matchmaking server virginia
i doubt i will play much tf2 today but i dunno
probably wont go up another global rank today
oops i almost forgot about the monster i left in the freezer thank goodness i remembered
here my current status
so cool
i very much want to be top 100 of the world
errrrrrmmmmm maybe don't take imageboards seriously or interact with others outside of it?
i am so very sad, pure, innocent, an angel
and yes i am a girl not a boy
7.jpg
you such a pathetic person holy shit. You must sit in your room all day terminally online on lexapro, listening to breakcore and wasting your all day until you get kicked out of the house. Time doesn't go backwards, every second you spend you cannot get back. I hope you realize this someday.
this game makes me laugh every time i play it
sit in your room all day terminally online on lexapro, listening to breakcore and wasting your all day until you get kicked out of the house.
It fills me with joy knowing this is the ultimate fate of every BPDemon on this board. These subhumans have caused so much destruction to everyone around them, it's going to be a shame I will not get to watch his final moments as he dies of accidental drug OD, because lets face it they're too retarded and weak to kill themselves properly.
i hope to some day find my own true love so i can finally escape my manipulative abusers and be at peace
everyone im makin a hot pocket an still playin tf2
just finished a long match of 2fort an won a duel
true love
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
1. love is conditional so you won't ever find it, just some nigga trying to get free sex from you. 
2. You are probably worthless and don't bring anything to a relationship of worth of value if you spend all your time in a room.
3. Love literally won't change the fact you failed at life. If you really are a woman, that is disappointing since society is on it's knees worshiping you 24/7 just look at vtubers.
The only situation in which you should act like this is if you are physically disabled or are literally retarded and can't get a job.
lots of nice people in tf2 today
also that was a nice monster and nice hot pocket i think ill have another monster in an hour or so
im 7 wins away from going up a spot thats nice
hm maybe i will do it tonight after all
I'd trade avogadoposter or madokaposter for this bpd fig any day of the week
i would love to play vrchat maybe i can get a vr headset for christmas
Please come back to s4s this board doesn't deserve you
I'll ask Santa on your behalf.
a bbc hypno thread died for this shit
If you'd accepted my offer to become my gf 4 years ago none of this would have ever happened. You had a chance and your squandered it. You deserve everything you got. We could have been cute and happy together.
ya dating a bitter abuser sounds like a good idea
NOT
i already did that with dylan / julia an it was horrible
ugh i wish valve wasnt so lazy an evil normalfags
vac is so outdated an awful so many cheaters in tf2 an csgo
I just got a different gf whom I love and cherish and provide for (have never abused). It could have been you if you hadn't rejected me.
go talk to ur gf then instead of acting weird
the abusers are super weird
also so many hackers ruining my game ugh 
being too good an too pure for this world sure is hard work
oki time for my second monster of teh day
looooool this guy i just beat in a duel is so triggered
share discord robbie
You can play vrchat without a vr headset. Sometimes there are threads on r9k for people to play vrchat together, you should try playing with them sometime
Which monster you drinking?
My favorite is the white one
i dont want to play it without vr though
it is called zero ultra is really good but i been trying new flavors recently
i might try out the r9k vrchat threads, tho i rarely check the catalog, if i ever have vr an if i ever see that thread ill try it since r9k is a lot less abusive than s4s so far
I think that's the one I'm referring to
I probably tasted all monster flavors in the world by now
What music do you listen to OP?
I listen to tekno and black metal mostly
i like a lot idk what to say
my favorite album rn is the queen is dead by the smiths
my favorite music changes every few weeks / month
I want a VR headset too. God I'm missing out on so mamy VR cuddles and headpats.
me too wtf
I want to cave your skull in with a sledgehammer
Thanks for listening
just ranked up (like a boss)
also just shot up estrogen
3000 wins is the entry for the top 100 so im quite a ways off
I bought a second hand original vive kit for around $250. It opened the flood gates to my new found love of VR. Also ended up getting a vive pro for around $200 shortly after.
bleh i wanna play touhou
this is my last match of 2fort for tonight then i think i will play some touhou
lole i finished that match but... im kina inthe mood for tf2 still
all servers are filled with bots rn...
play something else
ok im done with tf2 for tonight, im too tired to play touhou at the moment so im gonna watch some youtube an probably sleep in a few hours
ohhh i wish i had some vodka or dxm or heroin
stop doing drugs. they're bad for you.
also i need to order some groceries because im almost out of food ill probly do it tomorrow if my mom can pick them up for me an when i see her ill ask her if she can sell my silver for me then i can buy drugs with that to feel happy again finally
drugs are my only friends, only people who do not betray me, besides my doggy buffy, drugs make me so happy
Secondhand? Where did you buy it from?
my head hurts
also next time i play tf2 im going to try out hybrid knight
i only played demoman an demoknight an now i think i might like hybrid knight the most but idk
i need to find a way to get my family to give me my shotgun back but idk how
i hope tf2 and l4d2 also get source 2 like csgo
i wish i had someone who loved me 
i wish i had someone to teach me how to play 2d traditional fighting games very well
you are lying please stay away from me
Sorry Schitzo-kun, you're too dumb and mentally challenged to git gud at (Or even play) any 2d fighting games
I played TF2. there is only one server where people still play Surf.
i surf alone in counter strike source
I don't like surfing alone
It's about surfing and fighting. Standing on the edge of two surf Ramps and sniping the other team as they leave spawn
try guilty gear strive its pretty lenient for newcomers and its very fun. also has nice art stlye and its 2d
im sorry i even posted in your shit tier pathetic attentionwhoring thread
ill leave now, i dont like being in the presence of pretentious egotistical drug addicted namefags
perhaps if it were to go 50% off an if i could find 20 dollars i could afford it
i got mine for eneba for way cheaper than steam when it came out. i think half price u can maybe find it even cheaper now idk
eventually i will find my true love, even if i have to kill myself to reset this lifetime once again
i have 17 cents and on this website it is 30+ dollars
well if u ever get the money i think its worth the investment, u might like Ramlethal
i am tired altho i can tell i wouldnt be able to sleep probably because of the energy drinks however its ok because i dont really want to sleep either
You're stronger than every person I know to not have killed yourself after that. I hope you find what you're looking for
i am going to get in bed now and i will blog more tomorrow on r9k since this board is a lot nicer than it used to be and has a lot less abusers than s4s
thanks i try really hard to not be suicidal and to give human beings the benefit of the doubt even after what they have done to me
Welcome back schizo-chan, i was missing your daily screaming into the void about dylan/julia threads
Have a good night OP! And remember to stay safe... Please
I'd say meds but i'm not even sure if you're sane enough to know what those are
