i miss life before zoomers so much
i am so glad they will be suffering forever. fuck all zoomers.
it is sort of true, like memes just died in like...2018 or something
i get older
there is an old joke from the 13 colonies of America. 
i look at younger people and are angry
there is an old joke from the 13 colonies of America. 
they get older
there is an old joke from the 13 colonies of America. 
they look at younger people and are angry
there is an old joke from the 13 colonies of America. 
Stop caring about things that dont matter like demotivational posters from 2005 that werent even funny at the time and actually participate in your own life.
oh man those were the days *siiiiiiiiiiip*
thats just what happens when the general internet becomes too accessible. time 2 move to tor sites or sum shit
kill yourself zoomer. i mean it.
everything started targeting zoomers than. truly the retard generation void of all soul and intelligence.
Okay come on, you're allowed to be nostalgic all you want but let's not try to pretend that internet memes weren't facebook boomer tier back then.
I sort of wonder, it seems like zero zoomers have a sense of humor plus this very strange desire to be super cool to randos on the internet they'll literally never meet.
it's very strange, living life with a stick up your ass all the time
i miss how millennials weren't afraid to post their feet
Agreed OP. I wish every zoomer died
You are retarded, you're just becoming a part of a literal NPC cycle that's been happening since we've had written accounts of life lmao. Do you not see that?
Theres no escape from the sigma bateman memes zoomers love so much.
Just goes to show how unjaded and positive everyone was. Now memes need to be on at least three levels of irony and ideally shit on some political group you hate because you can only enjoy other people's misery at this point.
congrats on getting old
you arent special retard
literally every generation says the exact same thing when they turn into out of touch old people
I hate to stick up for zoomers, but it's not 100% them. The internet is plagued with people that don't know how to use it. 60+ dullards, third-worlders, bots, bored housewives, and they outnumber former internet users 10 to 1.
There's funny and creative stuff online but it's drowning under a sea of normalscum bores and low-attention span outrage-tainment. Now that cable TV is dying, the media companies are trying to bring that type of pablum to the internet and sadly it's working.
The average extrovert normie doesn't have a very good sense of humor. What they know how to do is join a group and then shit on anyone not in that group so they can feel special. That's why things are mutating into the "humor" we have now. It's 90%: "look at this ugly wojak, he's ugly like you are, I don't like you." unfunny, witless, childish in-group behavior.
