Shes right, why cant society just be honest to incels?
I regularly advise you retards to stay away from women
You have to realize 99% of these posts are made by men, usually incel themselves, who hate themselves and want to keep believing in their fantasy that it's over
this is the hard truth. it's a thousand times easier to tell yourselves 'it's over' than to try.
Try what though? Not everyone wants to get into whatever normalfags are into or act like how normalfags do, nor are they necessarily capable of doing it even if they want to. Looks usually aren't what's holding those people back.
80% being social, making friends, going to places and exposing yourself to new people
the rest is improving your looks, personality, wealth
I'm not even an incel but I feel you'll never understand what they go through because you're normal.
The problem with that theory is that most people are only social until the find a mate and then move to a cheaper more insular life concentrating on work and offspring.
No one wants to be social, they want to get laid, be entertained, and make the money necessary to do that. 
If your best isn't good enough you might as well save your money.
I checked the account and this I'm having a hard time telling whether they're authentic. A lot of the posts and comments are pretty comically mean or evil, but there are a lot more normal ones mixed in. If it is a larp, they're extremely dedicated. I'm guessing this post was deleted because I couldn't find it anywhere.
Because that would involve admitting that feminism is now obsolete, even according to its own terms.
i want to be social
best times of my life have been at weddings/sprawling family gatherings where little kids are running around everywhere playing and having fun and there's a whole bunch of people you've never met before mingling with people you feel comfortable with and close to and there's no social pressure to be cool and people are well disposed to you even if you're badly dressed and autistic and no one rejects you merely for being uncool and boring and unattractive. maybe this disqualifies me from the sperg brigade
Do you have any idea how happy I'd be if I knew for certain it wasn't over?
Well for one thing society has a vested interest in not having men feel hopeless because hopeless men tend to commit terrorist acts and shit like that. You know, the old African proverb, "a youth that isn't embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth."
Second, marriage and other such institutions are crumbling due to the lack of relationship formation and it's comforting to people to blame this on men. Feminism has made criticizing women pretty dangerous and if you start saying things like "women need to start accepting men's offers" then you risk getting cancelled, but if you instead blame it on men, pretending that they have the ability to get married but are just choosing not to, then you can go ahead and talk about the marriage crisis as if it weren't largely a crisis of women refusing marriage or even dates (which it is).
It's not their fault. Bluepilled means actual npc behaviour. They geniuely think if you take 2 showers a day you will get a girlfriend, they are unaware of your small chin and ugly face and autistic demeanour. Justleave normies alone
Perhaps you have wandered onto the wrong field, normalfag.
