How you feel about never having a Prime Teen Pussy Girlfriend
You are a porn addicted retard. Date people your own age
not a pedo so pretty good, actually
Meat is meat. Go to the butchers and fuck that.
No one ever said anything about dating you entitled about, you aren't worth that. It's about fucking.
Cope mald dilate seethe touch grass
I had one in high school, she was a tiny Korean girl with nice ass and tits. We smoked weed together and fucked like rabbits. She literally got an IUD for the express purpose of me being able to cum inside of her.
No one ever said anything about dating you entitled about, you aren't worth that
Prime Teen Pussy Girlfriend
Girlfriend
Kill yourself dumbass
Why are you here Normie Faggot? 
Are you from R9KGay?
I haven't had sex in more than half a decade, I have no friends, I'm a mid 20s NEET and have never had a job, my parents wish I was never born, etc. etc.
Suck my Big Black Cock then Faggot tell your Friends from R9KGay that they can all Suck my Big Black Cock
whatever you say homie
I haven't had sex in more than half a decade
WHAT?! NO WAY! That's so hard dude!
I never claimed it was hard, or that I suffer. Although I could easily have sex if I wanted to, I'm tall and good looking and have been hit on plenty of times my entire life. I honestly have no interest in an animated sex doll.
I did have a Prime Teen Pussy girlfriend. I took her virginity, gave her her first orgasm, and taught her all about sex and BDSM. We've been happily married for more than ten years now. I can't wait until the incel population around here drops enough that "abject loser" is not the assumed state of all posters.
every single day i want to die
i think the teenage love pill is one of the most brutal
those are the times when you are at your peak in terms of being able to feel love and experience life
the fact that, at best, ill get chad's disposed cumrag, when she's old and ugly, is so painfully depressing to me
i have reasons to continue living, but missing out on naive teenage love is SO brutal
I hope not
go back to inceltears reddit normalfag
go back to inceltears reddit normalfag
You know incels came from reddit right? Or are you literally too new to know about /r/braincels? I've been on /r9k/ since the board was created, it's you guys who are the unwanted intruders.
I did have one though, and now i'm mentally ruined and the bar for future girls is astronomically high
literally nothing that i find anymore can compete with what I had
Prime Teen Pussy Girlfriend
What if she was below-average looks-wise? Looks like you only want a teen stacy, you have higher standards than most women.
It literally doesn't matter, I have never had a crush on a stacy. Plus, now that I am older youth in itself is even more compelling.
Wanting a young woman means you've got extremely high standards, because every wan of every age wants them.
man*
woops
fake normies like you are often times caught saying this, but r9k was from its inception a place for tfwnogf, and moot didnt like it, and killed it, but brought it back as a containment board
you are not part of r9k
Not the guy you are replying to, but honestly, shut the fuck up talking about this board as if its some mecca for people who are intellectually superior but sexually challenged.
r9k was from its inception a place for tfwnogf
Why would you put an original content filtering system on a board meant for tfwnogf? No, retard this was created as an original content board and tfwnogf fucking ruined it. You sad fags drove away literally every fun poster on the board, you filled totally irrelevant threads with woman-hater seethe, and you were openly hostile to anyone who still had any joy left in him. You people choose to make the board the shit it is today and all you had to prevent was keep the sad frogs to one general thread like most people are capable of fucking doing.
My gf is 20 and was a virgin before me. I am 26. so I dont know that feel. But I am glad she is smart for her age, the average 20 yo woman is completely uninteresting
My gf is 20 and was a virgin before me
so what's wrong with her? Where is she from.
some teen pussy sucks and is loose despite being awkward like you can imagine 
even the hottest black bitch who snuck out and I fucked as an adult got boring after 2 sex sessions and she was a near virgin 
she got loose, I could tell that quick
I noticed her tits were a little droopy
that was it, I had no more interest 
it was fun watching her fat ass squat over me on a school playground at night but... nothing to simp over so luckily she was a nympho and openly dtf instead of giving me some dumbass prude runaround
the first fuck, yeah her pussy engulfed me and she made anime gurgle sounds as she hastily hopped on it in my truck and we ran around the neighborhood school
it was pretty good ya know but then the second time I was just like wow this is getting too loose hahahahahaha
She did have mental issues that made her not care about dating. She is from Slavlands
She did have mental issues that made her not care about dating.
so what changed? when is she gonna decide she doesn't care about you either
Clinical depression, which is over (or being kept in check) now
I will never commit to a woman in my life
Why would you put an original content filtering system on a board meant for tfwnogf? No, retard this was created as an original content board and tfwnogf fucking ruined it.
you know, in 2012 there used to be comics like pic related that even memed about retards like you. anyone caught saying incels ruined this board is a normie, on the basis that this board was brought back for incels as a containment board. and even in 2008 it was about tfwnogf, i was there when it came out
oh, and only the autists and the sloths are robots. everyone else is a normie
you know, in 2012 there used to be comics like pic related that even memed about retards like you. anyone caught saying incels ruined this board is a normie, on the basis that this board was brought back for incels as a containment board. and even in 2008 it was about tfwnogf, i was there when it came out
The tfwnofg was a cancer that started in one thread and then rapidly multiplied to every other thread as the first wave on incels realized that e-whining was the only way they could attention.
oh, and only the autists and the sloths are robots. everyone else is a normie
I proudly admit to being a normie and one of the original gentleman of /r9k/. I was here before the sad frogs and I will be here after them.
Somewhat sad. Though the bigger problem is not having any non-escort pussy period.
Also teens are very fertile and I don't want accidents. I am so fucked up that I just want lots of bareback sex and creampies with an infertile woman.
does she shave? how tight is her pussy? does she swallow cum and piss?
post some of her nudes
It's simpler now.
Date people your own age
Why when 18-22 y/o women are willing to date me at 30+?
I had one. She was a virgin too before we got together. Our first time wasn't planned very well so I came in her completely unprotected but we got lucky.
I've got dates with teens before, and I'm 24.
The tfwnofg was a cancer that started in one thread and then rapidly multiplied to every other thread as the first wave on incels realized that e-whining was the only way they could attention.
bro i was posting tfwnogf type threads on /b/ in 2005 and 2006 and 2007, before r9k came out. the second it came out, it had a different vibe than /b/, and instantly there was people there who mentioned not having gf's and the pain they felt around it
moots original intention for the board is irrelevant, because he deleted it. and later brought it back as a containment board
I proudly admit to being a normie and one of the original gentleman of /r9k/. I was here before the sad frogs and I will be here after them.
stfu, you arent a robot. if you want to browse here, then sure, but you are and never were and never will be a robot, and will never be accepted as one
why don't you have one anymore
how many times did you fuck? was she kinky
She grew up. We are still together to this day, we're married 5 years now.
how many times did you fuck?
Literally impossible to know. If I had to use math to guess I'd say an average of six times a week for eight years, so about 2,500 by now
bro i was posting tfwnogf type threads on /b/ in 2005 and 2006 and 2007, before r9k came out. the second it came out, it had a different vibe than /b/, and instantly there was people there who mentioned not having gf's and the pain they felt around it
Yeah, there were also people making hilarious posts in grandiloquent language, funny greentext stories, and actual original content. Then you showed up and it became a wasteland of sadfrogs .
stfu, you arent a robot. if you want to browse here, then sure, but you are and never were and never will be a robot, and will never be accepted as one
Why would I want people like you to accept or approve of me?
where is she from? how did you meet her?
why are you here if you're a normie?
Im not a normie, I am just a cringe sperg who happened to have a femsperg in the same math class in High School. I'm basically just an incel who won the lottery.
you american normies need to get out
youll never know the pain of being in normieville in europe
Why would I want people like you to accept or approve of me?
thats literally your entire personality on r9k; telling people that r9k is for normies and that robots dont belong there
endlessly hypocritical and incapable of doing anything besides gaslighting. this board was brought back as a incel containment board
thats literally your entire personality on r9k; telling people that r9k is for normies and that robots dont belong there
I don't see how robots approving of me is required for this.
endlessly hypocritical and incapable of doing anything besides gaslighting. this board was brought back as a incel containment board
Moot never said the word incel. You just heard "fun hangout" and mentally added "only for people like me."
