Ugly women have it far worse than ugly men, because women will always, all their life, be judged for beauty and beauty only. A woman can even become president, like Merkel, she still will not be valued for her achievements and bashed for her looks.
women cant be ugly because you have makeup. checkmate dumb cunt
shitty b8 thread no cares you'll never be woman kys 4% dilate cope etc etc
In contrast, the current president of Germany, Scholz, isnt particularly a looker either. But no one cares, because he is a man and only women have to look pretty always and all of the time or they are worthless.
she still will not be valued for her achievements
This is completely false.
She will be valued for her achievements, using the methods of reward and recognition appropriate to her field. Guys just won't want to FUCK her for those achievements.
Merkel has been rewarded with position and prestige her whole life. She has received much greater rewards than any man here. So you can't claim she isn't "valued".
But since guys don't want to FUCK her, you think that cancels everything else out. Because YOU are the one who doesn't care about anything but sex. 
To you, if I pay thousands of dollars to a female doctor or lawyer for their services, that doesn't constitute "valuing" them. Because unless I also want to FUCK them, that doesn't count. When you say "society doesn't value ugly women" what you actually mean is "men don't want to fuck me" because that's the only kind of value that matters to you.
men will line up out the door to date you and court you and fuck you
all kinds of men
shitty bait
BOOM. OP BTFO.
Charlie Kirk spacing kek.
It is essential to acknowledge that both men and women can experience social pressure and stigma regarding their physical appearance. While it is true that beauty standards and societal expectations can be particularly harsh on women, it is not appropriate to make sweeping generalizations that overlook the experiences of men who may also face challenges related to their looks.
Furthermore, it is crucial to recognize that beauty standards are subjective and can vary across cultures and communities. Reducing someone's worth to their physical appearance is unfair and undermines their inherent value as a human being. Rather than focusing on external factors such as looks, we should celebrate and appreciate people for their unique qualities, talents, and personalities.
This is feminist bullshit, the ugly woman will still be desired more than an ugly man. She gets approached more, receives more attention. Literally all she has to do is not be morbidly obese and she will get a suit of suitors at moments notice.
The problem is that you're not a woman.
i haven't even used gpt, yet i can instantly recognize when something's written by it
What is 4%? I haven't heard this lingo before and googling isn't helping
This is a really underrated part of being male desu. Sure women have a way higher floor on how bad their life can get than men. However, if you're an ugly woman, the ceiling on your life is so low compared to a guy. How many ugly guys have smoking hot wives because they are rich and/or successful, or even are just charismatic? You can't really say the same for women. 
So much of how a woman's life goes is determined by how good looking she is. Even if she becomes professionally successful, she struggles to get a good bf because men don't give a fuck about the status or income of their partner when compared to women. Worse, the woman unintentionally limits her potential partners because women hate when their partner makes less money than them. It's not a coincidence that many women who are professionally successful and average looking or below are also miserable.
Merkel was bashed for being a traitor bitch who sold out her people and unleashed hordes of immigrants into her country, making fun of how her looks was just icing on the cake.
lol i meant 41% but i typed it too fast
You can't really say the same for women
Plenty of ugly women can get men that are better looking
Even if she becomes professionally successful, she struggles to get a good bf because men don't give a fuck about the status or income of their partner when compared to women
Some people do, some people don't.
Worse, the woman unintentionally limits her potential partners because women hate when their partner makes less money than them.
That's their problem. No one forced them to do that.
christ, haven't seen OP get so thoroughly btfo like this for a long time
You didn't meaningfully counter anything I said. Besides, saying 'it's their choice' is stupid. Attraction isn't a choice the vast majority of the time. Does a guy 'choose' to like big tits, no, it just is.
Does a guy 'choose' to like big tits, no, it just is.
Not him. You're retarded, and anything meaningful would go over your head anyways
I'm sure this was a very insightful post, but it must have gone over my head.
No I was calling you a retard. Hope this clears things up
ironically, ugly girls hate ugly boys 
it seems to have a mechanism similar to that of black people discriminating against other brown people such as indians and mexicans
However, if you're an ugly woman, the ceiling on your life is so low compared to a guy. How many ugly guys have smoking hot wives because they are rich and/or successful, or even are just charismatic? You can't really say the same for women.
So much of how a woman's life goes is determined by how good looking she is. Even if she becomes professionally successful, she struggles to get a good bf because men don't give a fuck about the status or income of their partner when compared to women. Worse, the woman unintentionally limits her potential partners because women hate when their partner makes less money than them. It's not a coincidence that many women who are professionally successful and average looking or below are also miserable.
This post is basically just a confession that in this post >>73063651 I am 100% right.
You say "so much of how a woman's life goes is determined by how good looking she is" but all you've really got to talk about is how good looking her bf is.
That means that OP is simply lying when they write that women aren't "valued for her achievements". That makes it sound like a general thing covering all areas of life. When what they mean, and what you admit, is that you're talking about a SINGLE area of life: who wants to fuck you.
It's actually not true. When I think about it, really it's just that women are not interesting at all. That's why they are judged only for their looks. When I think of funny women, I like them. When I think of noble and fair women, I like them. When I think of any sort of woman with a positive attribute other than looks, I like them. It's just women almost never have anything to like about them so people just judge them on the most basic, superficial things. Because women are empty superficial creatures and that is all there is to them
They say men are more visual, but that's actually not true at all. It's just women are so fucking shit that men's standards are rock bottom
Also she's on her second marriage.
We have all seen piggy woman get thousands of matches. Even literal men just putting on a wig and parade as a woman gets swamped in matches.
Any woman (even ugly and abomination women) can get:
Sex with Tinder Chad
Sex with Bar Chad 
Sex with Club Chad
Relationship with an average man
Unlimited access to diversity jobs 
Never to experience loneliness
Everything handed to them
Loved by all
What ugly and abomination women can get:
Sex with billionaire Chad 
Chad to commit
Thats it - the only downside ugly and abomination females experience.
Ironic 
Not really, you're projecting what men want onto women. Men and women value different things in their partner. Both care about personality, but men care about looks more than women. Women care a lot about status/money, and men hardly care about that at all. 
I'd say men care about 50% looks and 50% personality. Women care about 40% looks, 30% personality, and 30% status/money. Basically, if both a man and woman take on a lot of opportunity cost to have a successful career, the man will be way better off for it romantically.
You didn't meaningfully counter anything I said.
As the other anon said, you're just retarded. I basically called you out on your bullshit for making false statements.
Besides, saying 'it's their choice' is stupid. Attraction isn't a choice the vast majority of the time. Does a guy 'choose' to like big tits, no, it just is.
A relationship is more than just physical attraction. I love big tits too but I don't care much about it because there are way more important things in a relationship than a pair of tits. I'll concede that most people are too monkeybrained to do this, but again, no one is forcing them to not look beyond appearances.
president (not really)
like Merkel
she still will not be valued for her achievements
Claim to be conservative.
Turning germany into socialism.
Name a US president since television was invented that wasn't conventionally attractive.
A relationship is more than just physical attraction. I love big tits too but I don't care much about it because there are way more important things in a relationship than a pair of tits. I'll concede that most people are too monkeybrained to do this, but again, no one is forcing them to not look beyond appearances.
Again, you're projecting male desires on women. I'm not making a judgment of right or wrong, just what is. Even with all the feminist drivel going around, the vast majority of women still want to be with a man who makes more money than them so they don't feel the responsibility of being in charge. Most women want to feel like they're with a guy who is in control, and an income gap ruins that fantasy. You can sperg out and call me a retard all you want, but I'm just saying how women feel/what they want, not saying it's right or wrong. You may as well sperg out about women wanting to be with guys who are taller than them.
Again, you're projecting male desires on women.
I'm not projecting anything, I'm talking about how there are women who are capable of thinking like that. But sure, keep saying I'm just sperging out and keep spreading lies, that will make you look good.
I've said both men and women care about personality. My whole point is that women care about status/money in their partner in a way that men simply don't.
Not really
To reiterate: you wrote:
So much of how a woman's life goes is determined by how good looking she is.
And then you gave one single example: how good looking her boyfriend is.
And then in THIS post, once again the only example you have is:
Basically, if both a man and woman take on a lot of opportunity cost to have a successful career, the man will be way better off for it romantically.
Do you have another area of life where ugly women "aren't valued", or are you just going to keep repeating the same one over and over?
Because the topic of the thread as set by OP is "does society value ugly women".
I've said both men and women care about personality.
You're very dishonest
If you didn't cherrypick you would've also picked up on me saying something to the effect that 'they, especially average/ugly women, unintentionally limit their dating options by being professionally successful'. 
Read >>73063877
Yes, women are judged for their looks, but men are way more forgiving about looks than women. That's why it will always be worse for men, because men are judged more harshly in everything. If you aren't top 20% in everything, women want you dead. Literally.
Men be like
 muh why are women valuing bad men by giving them sex
 women argue that it doesnt mean anything, but the moids say that sex is the only reward that matters
 then proceed to write shit like this 
Stupids moids, make up your apeminds. 
The complaint about merkels look is not about sex, it is about the fact that despite her achievements she is seen as a joke and not respected because she isnt pretty enough for that. Of she was hot, on her level of status, she would be seen by everybody as literal goddess who can do no wrong.
Nice meme. Germany has a wealth inequality more akin to Mexico or India than Scandinavia
merkel is seen as a joke because she is one of the crown figures in flooding europe with shitskins and licks america's boots.
you're wrong about the "goddess" thing, simply look at finlands or new zealands PMs who have received tons of flak despite being relatively attractive. you're just dumb and butthurt and probably poorly educated on geopolitical issues because women don't care about anything but sex and status.
