Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Something smells fishyyyy
Something smells fishyyyy
https://voca.ro/1aF7iCIOryW0
It's pixel and her odoring VAAAAAYYYYJJJJJJJJJ~
You got no damn business putting out quality like this. I demand a cover of one of Jason Molina's songs, now.
Vai are you guys mean to her? Because she never let you hit or..?
This song was platinum from the very start
I'd like to know what's the deal with all of this is too. I just figured it was from an ex.
HOLY FUCKING KEKWW
Shit this is GOOD!
It has absolutely nothing to do with an ex..what are you talking about? Are you making shit up???
Never said it did, I said that was my guess. If you know what it's about then enlighten me.
Uh oh, stinky haha
Stinkyyyyy
Might be a bizarre schizo, but this is the level to which all schizos should aspire, at least it's somewhat original.
Pixel is a selfish attention whore who acts super nice in order to have attention from desperate anons. She's taking advantage by exploiting what they're vulnerable in.
She is a fucking constant tripfag for god's sake dude..
She's not about interacting with the robots UNLESS we know it's her SPECIFICALLY and EXACTLY.
She's preying upon the people of this place because she's a woman. Women are addicted to attention.
She should just make a discord account and join some random server where all guys simp all over her in DMs and especially voice chat.
Also she made an email and posted it here so simps can write her.
Don't get me wrong, I don't disagree with anything you've said. I just didn't expect that to be the sole reason. I guess she's one of the few tripfag girls who still posts recently. I just figured the whole "pixel smells" thing had something deeper to it than pissing off a tripfag.
To be fair her act is annoying in general since she's being predatory. Considering the states of the robots, it's sadistic and selfish.
Yeah, that's something that's always going to come to any place that's full of people talking about how they're in pain. Predators in the wild are well-known to go to the sounds of animals crying in pain, it's only fitting that it's the same for social predators.
Females who come here are sadistic in nature. They're dangling a carrot in front of starving children just to have their attention.
This is gold wtf
I can't believe you just how high quality that song is over something so innocuous. This is awesome
She is a fucking constant tripfag for god's sake dude..
How would even be aware of her existence as a specific person if she didn't trip? That's like getting mad at a YouTuber for making YouTube videos or a streamer for streaming. They may rub you the wrong way but unless people do these things you'd have no bitches to seethe about and be forced to finally date noose-chan.
Well to be fair she is getting attention now, so mission accomplished??
Dude this is an anonymous message board. Tripfag is attention whoring.
Why does she need to be recognized/provided specific attention when this is not the purpose of chan websites?
Dude this is an anonymous message board. Tripfag is attention whoring.
And you must really like it because you're all sitting around in this thread giving her attention.
Why does she need to be recognized/provided specific attention when this is not the purpose of chan websites?
Why not? It's not hurting anyone. You sad fucks are the ones who choose to give these girls time, attention, and money. Like posting seethe threads about them, for example. Just get an extension that removes the name field if you don't like it.
Or she can simply stop tripfagging and attention whoring?
I support this
Originated
Or she can simply stop tripfagging and attention whoring?
Nah. Wanting attention is part of human nature. The only difference between evil feeeemoids and seething incels is that girls actually have a reason for people to want to pay attention them, and incels simply can't forgive that as long as they're still wallowing in misery. If suddenly tomorrow white college manlets with tiny dicks and huge chips on their shoulder suddenly became as hot as cute girls are now, I suspect incels would attention whore on a level girls can't imagine.
You're a simp enabler.
Unfortunately she came back. She seemed to have disappeared a while ago.
If other people want to simp it's no problem of mine. Do you go around slapping the forks out of fat people's hands in public?
no problem of mine
It's everyone else's
That lack of logic convinced me you're a woman yourself..
99% of threads are trannies/racebait
akshually the biggest problem is a tripfag
k
everyone in this thread is equally retarded and wrong, including myself
/thread
this is an anonymous message board
OK
See >>73066405. Also, kill yourself.
