Would you settle for an ugly gf if she was loyal and didn't mind dating a 25+ year old neet who lives with mom and dad? Or are you seriously still expecting an attractive virgin girl who is obsessed with you like in your animes to drop into your lap? Time is running out, anon. The lack of sex with someone who cares about you is going to change the chemistry of your brain permanently in a bad way.
depends on her interests and personality
I would call her a fat cow and poke her with a stick.
would you date an ugly girl if she was loyal
Yes. If she can love me, chances are I could love her.
Then again, I have no experience with that sorta thing, so how could I be sure? For all I know, I'm the single most shallow thing alive.
I'm not attracted to the creature in op image but I don't have crazy standards fr. I'm kind of a cute lil nigga in an ugly way and that's basically what I'm looking for in a woman, just a cute low tier becky. I'm not even attracted to stacies jFl. I don't care about virginity, just don't be a gigaslut, and I'm not fat or attracted to fatties, so I think no bbws is a reasonable standard for me to have. A lil chub is nice though
In my experience, I don't care.if they're hot or ugly, I'm most concerned about if they're psycho bitches who boss me around, or if they're going to treat me like an equal partner.
Ugly yes, fat no.
I dont mind a butterface, I very much mind fatrolls
FPBP. Companionship without a connection is hollow.
I would never date someone I wasn't attracted to, simple as. I also understand that in my current state it's unlikely I'd be able to get a gf I'm attracted to. I've actually come a long way in self improoving in the last few years. Now all that's left to do is do the more conspicuous stuff like get a job, move out, get a car, upgrade wardrobe etc. I feel like those steps are a lot easier to do than the massive amount of mental work I've done in the last few years. I'm 25 now and when I was 20 I couldn't even talk to my immediate female family members in a normal conversation, now I can talk to a pretty girl who is a stranger and be pretty smooth. I'm unironically excited for the future for the first time in a very, very long time.
Same, fat is a sign of poor choices/impulse control or "feeling over reason" which is shit I don't want to deal with. Not that skinny people never have ye se problems tho
Depends on her bodycount
That is more reasonable and fair than me.
I simply dont want a boner killer in my bed, and any girl going beyond very slight chub is a turn off.
Of course. But ugly women do not want ugly men.
as long as she wasn't a total slut in her past I don't care what she looks like. I'm bald and ugly myself.
I'm a mid-thirties average height engineer and own a house but I'd still be cool with an ugly non-virgin gf. I'm more into girls with problems if anything because they make me feel less bad about my own defects. My problems are weird and pretty severe.
i also think theres a difference between a fat and ugly girl and a fat and ugly girl who's been ran through and has tattoos
and to answer your question, i honestly dont know. ill probably just end up dying alone, honestly
question is, would she want to date you? you'd be retarded if you think the girl in OP isn't chad or chad-lite only. i guarantee you if you made a fake tinder with her pic it be flooded with 8+ males.
Ugly girls don't want me. They can still get Chad
no relationship is successful if the two people aren't genuinely attracted to each other
Truth is that even the ugly fat girl still wants 10/10 chad with two or more doctorates and appropriate paycheck, as bare minimum. 
What genetic dead end like me wants matters a little.
And I would get wet instantly. Satan-sama knows whats up
Who is this beautiful creature? Got any more pics?
Yes. But I don't find the girl on that pic ugly, just average. Which is okay.
A girl like that already liked me and I didn't feel like settling. I want to be with someone that actually makes me feel happy, not someone I have to think of as a meatbag I can fuck so I can put up with them.
How ugly are we talking about?
Also, fat or not?
And most importantly, how many guys has she sucked and fucked?
Well, no, actually the most important part is that women, no matter if pretty, average or ugly, don't want anything to do with any guy below 7/10. I'm not 7/10, I'm automatically disqualified from the race.
P.S.: why did you post a troon?
You gotta be extra deluded and brainwashed by porn to actually think this is a troon.
It isn't? Sure as fuck fooled me and since I couldn't find anything by reverse image search I decided it was the most likely option.
Well, huh...knowing it's a real woman, huh, she looks pretty. 
Pretty fat, of course.
Has pretty eyes, though.
I tried that. The problem is that you can never be sure that they'll be loyal. All my girlfriends cheated on me even tough they were ugly. That's why I gave up.
Do NOT try to UglyMaxx at the end of the day they're still women and will monkey branch your ass the second brad gets his 2nd divorce and wants a slam piece.
Your pic isn't ugly
Would you settle for an ugly gf if she was loyal
Yes. Especially if you consider the girl in your pic to be ugly.
I gave up on that when I was 23 and somehow still thought I was kinda normy.
