Can you enjoy seeing beautiful things in life, for the experience of being their mere presence, or even just a video or a photograph? 
This is an important disposition to mater, because a lot of you guys are always living in your head, and you end up seething when you encounter beauty and opulence, because you feel you will never have certain things. I notice this in particular with women, but also things like luxurious houses and cars. The difference a happy person makes is that he can appreciate something as an observer, and find the act of simply perceiving something visually pleasant to be satisfying. Unhappy people always project some kind of fantasy and self-referential story onto whatever it is they're seeing, which often leaves them with depressing thoughts like "I'll never get to fuck a woman like her, or live in a house like that." I hope you can understand what I'm trying to convey here but try my best at selecting the words for....
I can't enjoy your pic because that bitch has a fucking roast beef vagina
no. it isn't. seeing a cake does not bring about the same pleasure as eating a cake. i dont understand how anyone can think that simply mentally perceiving something is enough to living a fulfilling life
I get what you're saying about nature and things that are beautiful yet also not one of the human made atrocities that is destroying nature
Yeah dude if I look at someone's sport car it's the same as owning that sport car. 
When I am starving I just watch other people eat food. Anyway what a nasty beef vagina.
n you enjoy seeing beautiful things in life, for the experience of being their mere presence, or even just a video or a photograph?
no you cant. fuck you, you gaslighting normie
you cant be happy if you watch everyone eat food but are starving yourself. i did 36 days of water fasting. i know how much i thought of food, the entire time
fuck you, you gaslighting faggot. happy people get their needs met. their love and intimacy needs met. thats why they're happy
yeah ill just observe everyone else fucking while i earn $40k a year and die alone and ill be happy too hahahaha
happy people arent poor. simple as.
People who are happy had always eaten from the fucking cake at least once for fuck sake.
Their happiness is from relating to what the fuck they're seeing and nothing more.
I drive, so when I see a good car, I get happy for I can imagine myself riding it and all the fun I would get.
I see a happy couple and my brain cannot fabricate a single thought, I cannot even understand what I'm seeing.
Correct.
I forgot.
You misunderstand: Do you seethe because you can't have the cake?
But why does seeing nice things always remind you of your own suffering?
Wrong. I never lived in a house, but I can enjoy admiring the aesthetics of houses, without feeling bad about myself.
i'm not even talking about literally eating the goddamn cake as a whole, yeah, i mentioned it. but regardless - there has to be some sort of physical reality associated with mental perception. there are other aspects to a physical object which can be conveyed to either support or negate an idea. otherwise it's just in your head. ideas are meaningless if they have no physical reality. the worst thing you can push to incels or people with intimacy issues is the separation between the body and the mind. there just has to be something physical or real time for most people to feel fulfilled by an experience
again, other aspects. it's not just about one particular physical experience
Look at how cute her face is compared to that nasty vagina. Ruins her completely.
Yeah tell that to a born homeless fucker.
You're enjoying the aesthetics of houses without feeling bad about yourself because you've lived in an appartement building instead and so can build a mental image upon that of how living in a house would be like.
hey man don't talk about the chinese like that, they're supposedly human too
Homeless people can still enjoy looking at beautiful architecture and landscaping, just admiring without even thinking of themselves and their suffering.
you dont need to live in a house
you need to have stable shelter, aka a home
if you slept on the streets your entire life and never had a home, you would be real bitter towards people who have had a home
you disingenuous fucking moron. those are shit comparisons, because people's needs arent a house, its stable shelter
you dont need to live in a house
You don't need sex either
you need to have stable shelter, aka a home
You don't need sex either
if you slept on the streets your entire life and never had a home, you would be real bitter towards people who have had a home
I wouldn't speculate, but what I can say unequivocally is I can enjoy seeing beautiful things without feeling bad about myself, or bitter.
You're missing the forest for the trees, so to speak.
who let this man cook
you are on to nothing!
starving
"hey c-can i have some food please"
"why cant you just appreciate being in the presence of beauty?"
I imagine a 400lb black woman saying that
because a lot of you guys are always living in your head
On the contrary, I'm acutely aware of my situation and standing, this is why I'm here after all.
but also things like luxurious houses and cars
The cope of living an ascetic life and having a more bohemian world view is just that, a cope. You can just shit on people that reject the hand they were dealt, much less imply that they should just accept it.
However I do agree that this perspective can work.
"I'll never get to fuck a woman like her, or live in a house like that."
The cope of living an ascetic life and having a more bohemian world view is just that, a cope. You can just shit on people that reject the hand they were dealt, much less imply that they should just accept it.
However I do agree that this perspective can work.
I am not envious of material trivialities. I for one, hate money. I also don't get into a seething rage when I see a couple in public. I may be sad that I'll never get to experience such feelings, but ultimately I'm a little happier that someone is not as miserable as me.
Totes, dude
