AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Sadly, it seems people online these days only want to treat one another as disposal entertainment, although it's not like I fare any better irl.
Had something like that happen to me too. Talked about how I hated how when I added people from here they just end up ghosting me after a day. They said they hated that too, we had some interests in common too so I added them. Ghosted the next day. This place is just full of bad actors, just assume any girl from here is a horrible person and go in with no expectations other than a worst case scenario.
Hahahaha that is pretty funny though. I wonder what is wrong with you. Thanks for sharing.
Is there some kind of community out there somewhere where women are specifically telling each other to add men on social media and then ignore them? The behavior is so common and so incompatible with general social norms that I almost feel this it be being pushed by some sort of influential group.
No, that's just zoomer shit these days.
no its not a psyop, foids really are just that shallow
update: she blocked me
if u want to add her then go ahead heres her tag
Typ R-510#7108
shes 24 from germany 5'3 and 103 pounds
Was there any reason you can think of that she'd do this other than just because it'd be an easy way to fuck with a guy?
Nice, I'll just block her so that I don't encounter her. Thanks OP.
Wow, you're a huge fag. You'd lose your shit if she doxxed on some forum asking her simps to take cracks at you. The whole board would be up an outrage about how evil women were for doing things like this. And yet, here you are doing it, and everyone seems okay.
hi im femanon and ill talk to you but it depends on how old you are and where you live
Since no one has replied, I'm 24 and I live in the UK.
Let the cycle continue lol
actually, this sounds like a nice idea
why don't you guys just post the tags of the femanons that ghost you for no reason? or rather, the friend collectors as a whole (there are robots doing this, too, it's not exclusive to femanons)
Bros I just want a super fat fembot gf
Why is that so much to ask
shit sorry im american and live in the east coast
that explains it.
German and dutch girls are trash tier dogshit no matter if they're from IRL, reddit, r9k, games, discord wherever. 
Something about this area of europe just makes women fucking GARBAGE
Oh well, thanks for the offer though.
She would have ghosted you anyway anon, its ok.
i never ghost unless they are a complete asshole or too degenerate
What is too degenerate for you? Are you saying a person can talk to you and still be a bit degenerate?
in my experience, femanons message regularly for a day or two then it becomes a (one message every two weeks) thing, if so.
at this point i wonder if i really am that boring or what
Most females say that then ghost completely normal guys for no discernible reason.
sending me porn or trying to e-sex or something like that, but i don't care if they mention sexual references or like horny weeb stuff
What's horny weeb stuff? I'm actually a bit surprised you say that because I thought most people here want the degenerate stuff while I'm the opposite.
can you add me i got ghosted recently too
gnomes#5277
am from the US
So did she add you?
Silly anon, don't be ridiculous, you're just one of at least 20.
