Hi, my name is Jared. I am anti Semitic and I like cats. Are you anti Semitic? Do you like cats? Tell your story below.
Racism is actually retarded
Define racism.
Go read a dictionary, Socrates
Hi Jared I like cats a lot but I'm not anti semitic 
Do you have a cat?
That sounds boring
I do have a cat. She is very cute. I wont post a picture of her for privacy reasons, but she is a good cat.
that's okay, give her a good headpat from me 
I don't have a cat but maybe one day I'll get one, I grew up around cats so I like them a lot
Hi Jared I am also anti semitic and like cats
That is an excellent cat picture you have there 
Great to meet you
always liked cats.
used to like jews because family was very good goyim. i dont believe there is a grand jew conspiracy they're all in on but for some fucking reason they always find themselves at the head of anti racist organizations, making porn, running TV, running music and doing weird shit despite being non practicing. 
Charlie Sheen went on drug fueled rants but the thing that got him blacklisted was making remarks about jews. american indians never get traction in pleading their cause because they often compare the treatment they got from the americans between the indian wars and WW1 with the persecution of jews in nazi Germany, and jews cannot handle that despite Hitler literally using the treatment of indigenous people, blacks, ukrainians and armenians as sort of a justification, that everyone else was already doing shit like that and nobody would care about the jews.
glow harder origami
I'm not anti semitic but I do like cats. Why are you anti semitic? I would vastly prefer to hang around Jews as compared to most. At least they have valuable info and original ideas.
There is no grand conspiracy. The Jews of the modern age are simply the children of Satan, and they act accordingly. This is why they deny the idea of a coherent Jewish elite. They dont see themselves as acting together. Of course, they do act together in a way. They are children of Satan and do his bidding.
Jared from subway, if I went into detail about all the groups of people I hated or considered subhuman, either the failed normalniggers here will jump at me like the niggers they are, or the normalnigger jannies will ban me. I do appreciate cats though and I encourage you to post more.
