why are there so many boomers that dont know the difference between owning and renting a home? Im serious. Ive met like 6 of them, at least, we'll be talking about their home or something and theyre like
oh dude getting this house was easy!
renting? pfft no
bro i just made a down-payment of like 800 dollars and my house payment is 800 a month. Its so cheap and easy to buy a house!
i cant help but feel sorry for them so much that I cant break the truth to them like
anon... youre renting... i dont know how to tell you but thats not a "deed" its a "lease"
I raped Sascha Baron Cohen
Is this bait or are you completely retarded? They're not renting the house, they're renting the capital that they're using the buy the house. The difference is that they will eventually own the house, as well as that they have legal and fiscal liability over the capital. For all intents and purposes they own the house, it's just that they are in debt for a portion of the capital. In most cases if you don't plan to move for a period of time it is indeed more fiscally responsible to buy a house. Mortgage rates are heavily subsidized and rents aren't (unless you're low income).
this is the biggest cope ive seen all year. Renting isnt owning. Get ahold of yourself youre being delusional.
If you want to make fun of somebody make fun of me who owns a share in a townhouse cooperative. That means I still have to pay rent despite "owning", but I don't have to pay water or maintenance. But when I sell the place I will get a chunk of the cash. But they take a cut. I'm in a fucked in between between apartment living and home ownership. I feel cucked every day of my life
owns a share
a share
Anon...
Using a mortgage to buy a house is owning the house from a legal and fiscal perspective. It's not really an opinion or a matter of a debate it's just definitional.
Yeah and they call the rent carrying charges... 
The only plus side is that the value of this place as gone up so I will leave with some money in my pocket right.. right..
If you say so.
can you read your own posts or are you a bot or something
Reread the OP anon. Im fully aware of the differences between renting and owning. Paying mortgage isnt renting. YOU are the only person here saying that. Retard.
