Do you have agoraphobia? How do you cope?
Do you have agoraphobia?
I do.
How do you cope?
I don't.
i do and i've made progress but it's still hard.
i live in the middle of a big city and every time i go outside something bad happens.
So you just stay inside?
How did you make progress?
No. I work Monday to Friday, 9-5. I go out every day, even on weekends. And every day is hell because of my agoraphobia. Every day is like a battle. Don't get me wrong, I cope better some days than others somehow, but it's never a 'good' day.
I usually get anxious if I'm entering a large supermarket or a mall. Not sure if that's agoraphobia.
Well, if you go out willingly on weekends and manage to socialize you are doing alright.
Yeah. Literally lost my entire youth aged 17-29 because of it. Dont do what I did bros.
No I just work. I have no irl friends and only go 'out' as in walking around my town and shopping. I have crippling agoraphobia and feel attacked by basically everyone I see and feel them staring constantly. I hate being alive most of the time.
Do you have agoraphobia?
yeah
How do you cope?
I constantly listen to music and try not to look at people. the annoying thing is that when I stop looking at people it feels like they're staring at me so I look at people, but then they look back, so it's a never ending cycle of paranoia
I've always struggled with it, but things got way harder after school. No more forced schedule hurt like hell, and after a while I started getting horrible symptoms from going outside. I don't even know if it's a panic attack, it's more like a stroke where I can't talk, my muscles tense and my blood pressure drops very low.
I'm not coping well at all.
I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm fine going to work but I never do anything outside of work, just come home and sleep or lay in bed. I want to do things and I took up hiking/camping a little but stopped going out.
How did you recover?
Fuck..
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Halp
Pretty much the same. It's unbelievable how it happens and I feel the need to walk faster. 
Interesting, I'm not sure what causes it in my case and if the underlying cause is social anxiety.
Oh I guess I undersold the symptoms. I can't talk at all, as in I slur my words when they come out, so much so that I cannot be understood at all, and my muscles tense so much that I'm physically unable to move and will fall over. Only reason I know about the blood pressure is because I was taken away in an ambulance. It's fucking ridiculous.
How did you make progress?
saw a therapist until covid hit and we had to stop meeting.
i'm able to go out once in a blue moon without breaking down.
usually shopping, but i come back home and have to recharge for a long time. literally can't do anything but lay in bed afterwards for days.
My biggest fear is that I'll need an ambulance sometime lol. I blacked out for a moment years ago after an extensive panic episode.
