Why dont you date a fellow autist? My girlfriend is a math enthusiast, she likes to play Bloodborne and Hotline Miami with me and has a very indoors lifestyle that matches mine. I have the feeling most robots lust over normie Stacies and egirls (eg, online Stacies).
kys nigger and never come back
Now why would I kys right when I found the perfect girlfriend for me.
Why don't you date X
They don't want to date me because I'm only 174.
You took a photo of your girlfriend to brag about it, don't pretend you have some positive ulterior motive.
where did you find herr
likes to play
on the first level of bloodborne
you paid a whore to humblebrag on r9k.
yngmi
Where can I even meet autistic women, as an adult NEET?
I do, partially, because this board insists that girls like her dont exist and women are all turbonormies. Which isnt true. There is a lower percentage of non neurotypical women than men, but they exist. 
And, no, they dont get attention by Chad, he is busy fucking normie Stacies.
Face is everything, height doesnt matter outside of online dating with strict filters. Also wear boots with 2 inch heels and LARP as 6 foot.
She found me, but it was out of platonic interest due to common interests initially.
I'm only interested in Japanese girls, and I'd probably have an easier time finding the cure to all cancers than a Japanese robot gf.
me too but with korean girls
lol
its either spend my time energetically bettering myself for ANY korean girl, despite age or looks or weight, or wallow in depression and suicidal thoughts all day
hahahahaha
fell for Kpop sloots
Its over for you. The Korean girls that look like that (eg plastic) only date the absolute cream of the crop of Asian and White men, no one else
they're boring wieners who eat only beige and be fat/bald/ugly/feeble
Yeah sure an introvert autist who has her shit together
fell for Kpop sloots
i mean, you want to talk about sloots?
do you know how common it is for japanese women to do porn, or make money from prostitution?
and ill take an ugly korean girl, or an old one, or a fat one. ideally she is autistic, that would make life a million times easier
im just posting the best ones because they really are jsut so stunning, but any korean girl would make me happy, i dont care
It's incredibly difficult to hold meaningful conversations with them.
Sorry, but I prefer girls who are blatantly feminine.
She was fairly troubled mentally, but stable now and her academic performance is great,
You dont post fat ugly autistic Korean girls, you post the female equivalent of Gigachad. Korean women dont have much to offer other than looks, theyre the most soulless lookist cold society in the world
okay, then ill start posting uglier korean girls, then
but to be fair, thats kind of rare in korea. everyone there is so beautiful
i wish a hell exists for people like you. you dont belong on r9k
i seriously mean that
Why do you keep spamming these threads? I would if I could...
Why tho anon originally
Autistic people can be kind of antisocial, which makes it almost impossible for another antisocial autistic person to develop a relationship with them, or to even get into contact in the first place. 
Also I suck at social stuff and can only hold relationships if I pretend to be a normie, and while it can work with other normies, it doesn't work as well with autistic people cause they can kind of see through it.
she likes to play Bloodborne
soulsborne is super entry level, but i still guarantee you that you're the one that illuminated them on the games. 
I have the feeling most robots lust over normie Stacies and egirls
i have 0 standards
No, she was super into Bloodborne lore before meeting me, as she loves the aesthetic
Sure, let me just walk into autistic gf shop and leave with one.
I have the feeling most robots lust over normie Stacies and egirls
I don't lust over anyone.
Implying that autistic women want anything to do with autistic men
Stfu gook vermin
i can't believe someone would just go on the internet and lie
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72960115/#72960115
When girls really like you, they adopt your interests.
you're a normalfag that likes chainsaw man, and your gf's an even bigger normalfag for not knowing about chainsaw man or bloodborne before meeting you
Because I want to date someone with a real vagina and womb, not someone who turned their dick inside out.
Actual autistic women are fine, however.
Why don't I just win the lottery instead if I just have to luck out?
Bloodborne was a mutual interest. I prefer mainline souls games and suggested to play them, we settled on Bloodborne
Why dont you date a fellow autist?
I'd love to, if I knew WHERE THE FUCK THE INTROVERTED NERDY GIRLS OF THE WORLD ARE HIDING.
le trans maymay 
She has a nice innie vag and is smaller than the smallest adult males
Chads harem parties obviously
i don't care about your vapid gf. >>>/adv/ is more your speed, cuckold. stop bragging here, you gay normalfag sex haver.
how old are you, adult neet?
Continue immediately replying to my post to show your indifference. And she was into Bloodborne before she met me
indifference
i'm not indifferent, i want you to kill you. please go back.
And she was into Bloodborne before she met me
not a big deal if true, but i still don't believe you
You said you dont care, but you do. 
Not all women are boring normies. She has many unusual interests and a great taste in video games
i haven't talked to another human being in six months, literally haven't uttered a single word
Not all women are boring normies
Only 95% and the rest is impossible to meet anyway.
i said i don't care about your vapid gf. i do care about you posting here. 
Not all women are boring normies
they are all boring normalfags, and anyway, how would you be the judge of that? like 95% of men are interesting and you're in the other 5%. 
She has many unusual interests and a great taste in video games
still not true.
Cause I have no idea where to meet them, online or irl. I like shy/antisocial girls cause I'm like that myself, but the issue is that, well, they're antisocial, which makes it almost impossible for us to meet. 
The only place I can think of is to meet here on 4chan, but people here tend to be a bit dicey so it doesn't seem like the greatest idea.
The only place I can think of is to meet here on 4chan
i can't stress this enough, bro. the women on here are absolutely evil. you may think you've found an exception, but what kind of woman do you think browses this site? it's cluttered with black penises, all sorts of political psyops, etc. i've met like 2 (supposed) virgins off this site and they were both just bpdemons. nicest and most interesting girl i met was french and super boring still. never attempt to meet women off of here. you're better off finding one on grindr
Its over for us bro Im so sorry if you havent realized
Show me another girl who was into Bloodborne and hotline Miami
Because autistic girls want Chad, too. Chad looks at the very least.
Eh, I feel like there are many decent girls here, it's just that they don't talk to anyone cause most guys here are just as bad as the women you described.
im white you fucking retard
tf?
Hey man, it's over only when you give up. Weirder things have happened than people like us finding love.
i've met like 10 girls from here and exchanged steam accounts. every single one had hotline miami. as for bloodborne, it's like the most popular console exclusive. 
i've spoken to loads. there ARE nice virgin aspie girls on the internet (very few and they have high standards for looks), but they congregate on r/leagueoflegends (if that's a subreddit) and associated discords, NOT on 4chan, and ESPECIALLY NOT on /r9k/.
Let's see your tranny's man face.
i've spoken to loads. there ARE nice virgin aspie girls on the internet (very few and they have high standards for looks), but they congregate on r/leagueoflegends (if that's a subreddit) and associated discords, NOT on 4chan, and ESPECIALLY NOT on /r9k/.
You might be onto something, the one autistic girl from here I've talked to was heavily into lol. It's a cancerous game though
OP has failed to mention that he is probably tall and good looking
 the one autistic girl from here I've talked to was heavily into lol
autistic men only play dota, so it's impossible for us to meet autistic women. NT LoL players always get the girl
Whos that on your pic? His hair looks similar with rances
height doesn't matter bro
but you should still put on platform shoes and pretend to be 6'
I've seen more than enough "non-neurotypical" women who have somehow had several sexual partners before they're even 18 to know you're not correct. They get attention from Chad because Chad will take practically any sex he can get.
Knew a guy who was a stereotypical Chad, had several FWBs and constantly hooked up with women on Tinder. He said he'd deliberately fuck women he found "disgusting" because they were "easy".
kumagawa from medaka box. feller's an incel that loses all the time. manga sucks until like chapter 55 where he then carries the whole thing
how many girls are autistic? how many girls are math enthusiasts?
Ok thanks not orginalo
because you some here to smugly gloat about your life
i know it means nothing to you, but on your death bed you will cling to religious thoughts, and i want you to know if there is any kind of afterlife, you deserve to have your front teeth broken with a plyer, just to remove the smug look on your face
Because im short and thinning while you're tall and attractive.
height doesnt matter
so wear these boots that make you taller!!
Honestly do you normies even fucking have brains? can you think?
Why dont you date a fellow autist?
where motherfucker WHERE
Chads pool parties
How is that possible?
How do you get money?
Do you not go grocery shopping?
Because I'm not a normalfag like you. I'm unattractive.
and has a very indoors lifestyle that matches mine
Even finding only that in a XX woman would feel like a lottery win
wish i had ur problems, im 167
Cause I'm also autistic, and autistic girls don't like autistic guys.
I have the feeling most robots lust over normie Stacies and egirls (eg, online Stacies).
Kinda agreed. It seems like most robots (and similar men) are terminally online, and constantly look at pictures of insta women, either on 4chan or social media.
Im also 167 thats cute we could date
I am fairly autistic as well, we jokingly call each other 
my schizoid
im a league autist kick.com/leafy
