Just a reminder that this website isn't actually anonymous since it blocks VPNs, and that you really do get put on watchlists for using it. The FBI is a criminal organization, you don't want to get their attention on you.
Oh no not people watching me
oh no the FBI will know I hate nogs and fap to trannies my life is over.
I hope they enjoy watching a man lose his will to live as his favorite places to hang out and have fun are taken over by the next generation that he cant relate with at all.
why should I care? I just chill here
Yeah but I just chill here and rant about women. I don't post CP or make terror threats like the other retards here.
This board is fucking crawling with feds, the best thing is to bait post them back
 Picrel
They actually have no idea how to deal with us, they can only stop us from making a real life demonstartion
They work by association, it doesn't matter what you personally say. It's basically guilty until proven innocent around here. I'd also bet the FBI operates like the police sometimes in that they are expected to have better results, so they'll do what they have to do to push their numbers up.
Welp. Love you guys.
I've used to be a janitor from 2006-2015 and had direct contact with the higher ups. AMA
 They work by association
Very true, watchlists work this way. You have a radical friend who owns guns on his own plot of land? They associate everyone he is existing within the same bubble with. Its mostly by proxy.
I don't do anything wrong and I don't try to fly so I don't care the fbi can lick my hairy vagina
If the FBI wanted this website gone they would've done it a long time ago, like they did with 8_chan. They love having the access here to what they see as easy targets for sex crimes, so they'd have no reason to want to slow things down like you said. They don't care about memes.
That's a ridiculous comparison because the people he lives by don't have a choice in distancing themselves from him unless they go through all the trouble of moving where they live. Here, you all willingly and continually post or lurk on a website you can easily click off from in seconds. It's not at all the same sorry.
But Im not planning on doing anything illegal or planning to harm myself or others so it doesnt really matter
Its mostly by proxy.
Good luck, I'm behind seven of them.
muh watchlists
don't live anywhere near the 1st world so idc about this shit lmfao
how much information do you guys collect on specific users, and when do you send it to the feds?
I'm well aware. 
Feds, could you stop planning false flags for a moment and just toss me in jail for a while? 
It's getting boring out here.
I really would like to know if glowies actual monitor me and have any jurisdiction as I'm not in any of the westcuck nations they have their clutches at, not saying that I would post anything illegal, just some stuff I think about 
Everyone already knows it lmao
basically everythign
modrators have access to your ban history and ip but that's it
Only gookmoot has dirt on you since he can see pretty much everything you've posted here with timestamps in plain text. since he can't do anything with this info, years ago moot made an agreement to have an NSA backdoor to this site where they would do the work. apparently you can apply for every board except 5 and those are confirmed to be exclusively moderated by the feds. 
also there's a keyword relay system every police station has set up and bots that sends back replies. if they see you as a threat they'll ask admin for you post history and they'll give it to them. we will cooperate with law enforcement if demanded. basically I quit my janitor role descent being friends with the mods because of this, it defeats whole purpose of anonymity and I even had a falling out with moot. don't want to reveal too much details about myself but ya
also we have an bot id'ing system so the federal agencies don't need to do captchas of anything. we allowed them to post here
also it's not just fbi that's monitor this site basically every agencies in the Anglo countries and western Europe take part
i dont know but im pretty sure i assisted the indonesian feds in arresting monkey animal abusers on /gif/
what're you gonna do, rip out my fingernails?
so if i say certain words, it'll just send bots to dissuade you?
also what are the 5 fed boards? I'm guessing /pol/ and /r9k/ are on that list, probably /b/ as well.
They primarily use bots for data mining threads but sometimes they'll do it outside of that. also it'll send them (replies, posts) back to the police's computers so they can take review the post themselves and make sure it's not a false positive. this is how they caught Richard golden and got a subpoena from 4chan
what are the five fed boards
/b/, /pol/, /r9k/, /k/, /tv/
why is /tv/ a fed board...
sometimes i read things like this and im like oh gosh i should stop fedposting
and then i remember i dont say anything on 4chan that i wouldnt say to a cop irl anyway
if the feds or local cops want to know my politics: i think this country needs another reovlution and anyone that participated in the covid insanity or the rigging of the election should be hung as a traitor
