Life can be wonderful if want it to be. Appreciating something like the good weather or God's love is a permanent blackpill cure. There's always hope and you can always be better.
i walked both my dogs today twice. i guess that's an achievement
It's cold, rainy, and doesn't exist.
I unironically wish christcucks experienced the persecution you retards delude yourselves into thinking you do
Answer me this, anon. When's the last time you were hugged by someone that cares about you?
I'm sad because I can't afford canned sardines in olive oil
Based truth-speaker. Some people here are truly trapped in terrible situations (extreme poverty, born ugly as sin, etc.), but they're a minority. It's mostly a bunch of 18-30 year old mentalcels. A lot of the suffering espoused here is self-imposed. If you actively try to better your life then it often will improve. Stay scheming and stay believing.
I'm not depressed or a gaymosexual. I'm just socially misanthropic and here because /b/ turned into coomer central and /pol/ turned into a schizophrenic wasteland of poor moderation and spammers.
Why are you so positive?
I started consistently going to church and taking my faith more seriously, running and working out more, going to more social events on campus, got a job, hanging out with friends more, stopped reading depressing edgy shit.
Magnum PI was a great show. I wish I could live inside it.
I understand it's just about survival basically then even the survival is a controlled thing eventually. We were all in a dystopian way murdered by normalfags
If you bettered yourself that's great. Good for you, I'm not going to knock that.
But for the love of God, don't come here of all places on that self righteous preachy shit. We don't care, and you're just doing this as an ego boost even if you have the capacity to do the mental gymnastics to convince yourself this is some kind of loving act.
Let the fags be depressed and let the edgy retards be edgy retards, a lot of us are more content in our misery/destruction than you could realize.
I was going to ask if you wanted to read my novela titled "Hitler rapes a disabled MLP oc fancharacter well Himmler watches from the corner." But you don't read depressing edgy shit so your loss.
please dont summon the barney fag.
Based. Your dogs love you more than you realize. Give them treats and pet them a lot.
Because at the end of the day, those things don't matter. Ask that matters is doing what makes you happy and trying your best to be there for the people you care about. No matter how bad I feel some days I remember I'm a hero to my grandma by just going to the store for her or helping her move something in the house.
It all changes on Tuesday.
