What are you goals for the rest of this year?
Continue saving up so I can afford a masters degree and continue getting my dick sucked by my fwb.
Do my CEUs for my licensure, hit SHD level 1000 in Division 2, and max out all the classes in Darktide. That's about it.
i'm going to actually try to get my life in order and stop letting people hold me back.
and i AM going to find a qt to date.
Win a tournament in my favorite video game that I suck at, get a dominant gf, move out of my parents' place
Going downtown tomorrow morning and retaining a lawyer
OP here.
Mine are:
You don't get government help with your masters degree at all?
U sound like a npc. 
Npc 
Fag
Real
Ooo for what anon?
Best of luck anon. You got this.
don't be a negative faggot
do another 40 day fast
learn korean
looksmax with skincare stuff, maybe agoyo sal surgery
thats about it
im dying alone btw
submit an entry to a writing contest. the deadlines in june and i've made 0 progress. i can't think of any workable ideas, i haven't even sat down and started, this is as far as i've got and it's shit
This is America. I might be able to get some federal aid (unlikely) and might get a few scholarships. Besides that, I'm paying out of pocket. Don't really care. I make good money.
... you already did one? Just water? Tell me more anon, please.
I pretty much am. Internet addiction has made it so I don't value real world experiences anymore and I can't pair bond with women, it's just endless apathy.
checked
He's just being a prick to drag others to his level of misery
Ah, right, shit. Best of luck.
You can probably pair bond with women.
Watch more anime, read more manga, lift more weight
You got a wikihow link on that boss? Struggled through three episodes of dating different chicks (mix of friends of friends and online) over the past and fucking them is great but I couldn't care about them.
That's common in males, unfortunately. Lol. 
Many men just end up settling because they choose the woman who is around when they are "ready to settle". 
Women who end up giving up their body probably make your subconscious realize "she's not the one" because a smart woman wouldn't fuck a man until he is legally bound to her in some sense. pa2xdy
Well, marry her first anon. Too many broke families around. 
And if your future children have a problem with focusing, don't just waddle.
Please, always set a parent-child "bonding-hour" where you study or get homework done, after school or something. There is no reason your kid has to fail in school. 
Don't make it miserable, either.
Don't spoil your kids too much.
Sorry I'm projecting because my parents fucked me up.
:( lose 50lbs
Have sex with a new guy every Sunday for the entire year
Sorry to hear that bro. Memeing aside I actually do want to marry someone, have kids, and to raise them right. I am 27 so hopefully I have more sense than someone having kids at 20 and can do it better
Acquire more Neco Arc images
God bless Necoarc
Perhaps OP is Islamic? Ramadan just ended I think
Good luck with that anon. Unless you live in a ridiculously gay area that ain't happening
Wtf is this creature and should I trust it?
I want to finish writing my book. It's extremely likely that nobody will ever read it, but I've enjoyed doing it and hey, as a hikkineet what else is there to do or look forward to?
go full sigma male mode and try to grind 12 hours a day to cope with not being a cute girl
not going well since i struggle to set goals and achieve them
