is war insane or just normal?
I don't think all kinds of war can be categorized as the same. Different societies engage in conflict for different reasons
Violence is just our natural tendency as animals. The problem lies in how intelligent, self aware beings can communicate and organize violence. A few wild dogs fighting does harm but does not destroy their society. An angry man with the ability to stir millions can topple nations.
I forget if you can spoiler on arcanine because I have an opinion on this but I really just want to say war never changes
Ah there we go apparently that works
war is insanely stupid and i wish i was never borned
Humanity is a single, self-destructive organism.
War isn't normal or natural it is unique to humans and a twisted abomination of our own creation, it's also pointless for the average person since it just gives more power to the powerful and does nothing for the everyday man. It's based in nationalism and which is cringe as well.
Military uniforms though, they're pretty hot
Why dont you lie down for a while? It wouldnt do you any harm
quite insane. greedy higher ups willing to cause mass misery and piss away lives just for what, more money and power? i feel bad for everyone tricked into the iraq/ vietnam/ afghanistan war. theres very little difference between a ukrainian and a russian, do you think if they werent being forced to kill each other by higher ups theyrd be a war? human lives are being ended for economical gain which is pretty crazy
humanity is just schizo on this issue I think
its insane.
i have read some about war, since turning 18 i got a particular interest in how soldiers actually had it during wars. nearly every war was a bunch of young hungry boys being pressured or outright forced into marching straight into gunfire or in the past arrows and spears, cavalry attacks tearing through the formations. medical care was practically non existent until recently.
some sides are more justified than others. for instance one small nation being attacked by a bigger empire seeking to subjugate or enslave them are more justified in fighting than the empire attacking for example but the fact that it comes to that is sickening.
and the worst part is that during war the real animals blossom. they dont just cope with war they thrive. like the dirlewanger brigade who just hung around in occupied territory raping, plundering and killing the locals.
Unfortunately war seems to be the natural state of humanity.
The US has been at war for its whole existence.
the US is a young country but I kind of realized again that world is not far from us but like once something is bad it's like really bad, that's why I use insane it's the intelligence basically acting against itself, but people do this as humans in business and all kinds of things, once the darkside gets in then you understand, war being bad is good to it since that's the whole point but then it's the game changing.
It all has to be schizo, but we're not soldiers we're just a different creature, so I don't really get it, it's like star wars it's all kind of predetermined, but then that's just the psychological environment for the war if you're really into it and power even, in people is a deep dark side.
