i sperged out and sent her this. i'm planning on claiming i have tourette's or something
I hope this is bait and you're not actually this retarded
DUDE
She'll forgive you if she's worthwhile. I've said far worse to girls and have been forgiven. You'd be surprised what kind of shit you can get away with if she's interested.
no that's fine and normal to say, she's the one who's weird
this literally cant be real, i cant believe this anon what the actual fuck is wrong with you
lmao.i usually defend honesty to the death, but you should've known admitting that you wanted to rape her would ruin your chances. still pretty based.
Holy fucking shit, anon... I feel like I just watched a passenger train derail right in front of me.
I'm going to try saying this next time I go on a date and feel nothing for a girl... I think it would be better at getting them to fuck off rather than saying "you're ugly and I don't want to fuck you".
damn hard read anon if you watch kick.com/leafy you wouldnt do something so cringey
the fact that she replied with "oh" means you stumbled on a fucking miracle
any response other than complete ghosting or "what the actual fuck" means she genuinely still thinks this can work out
fuck man, you have a lot of work ahead if you want to make up for telling someone you were planning on raping them.
Congrats on not being single for 24 hours. Hope you make it longer next time (if there is a next time).
Poor girl
It's okay, anon. Maybe she's into it? Honestly, sometimes I really do feel bad for women lol
Why are you spamming your stream so hard? You have two viewers
OP how the fuck do you 'sperg' that??? Aspergers doesn't make you consider raping people you retard
autistic people don't have any empathy and a lot of them got brainwashed by internet memes to think that women enjoy rape or that raping someone is sexual.
That's a hard NEXT
jesus christ dude
did zoomers miss the memo on 'hide your power level' or something? why do you guys think this is ok, even for a second? did you think *at all* before you pressed send on that? what was going through your head while you typed it?
I hope I never let my intrusive thoughts spill out like this, holy fucking shit. Are you self-sabotaging on purpose?
he didn't even do it, he only thought it. stop being a moralfaggot and remember where you are.
definitely said the quiet part out loud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k73o6fYj8w [Embed]
fym autistic people have empathy don't excuse that shit
OP's approach to women is just questionable at the very least; you see people complain about not getting any on here and i can guarantee that 90% of the time it's thanks to excusing this kind of shit with autism
Nigger we all think about it, but it's another thing to straight up tell her about those thoughts like that
What a fucking retard holy shit.
Did she reply back?
the ONLY way you can salvage this is by playing it off as a joke - not saying directly it was a joke but by being sarcastic or similar
Who the fuck is we?
it's not considering that's retarded it's telling her about it that's retarded but tbf i should've specified i meant that
Fucking kek, I really hope this is real, I'm pissing myself from laughter
we really don't
update, i tried to explain but she responded with this
if you've never thought about rape, then you shouldn't have an opinion about it
nah, i'm not with you on this one, buddy. sorry
yeah, you better hope she doesn't report you or you're getting expelled and worse.
100% deserved btw, why would you even attempt to salvage that...
so fucking retarded.
Good larp anon but I refuse to believe my fellow man could actually be this retarded.
avoid her
strangely enough, you not trying to explain yourself to her might actually get her to confront you in due time
i don't think there even was any chance to explain to begin with OP you just gotta reflect on being a retard and live with it
you are such a stupid fuck it's unreal
It's over, anon. You're gonna have to leave the state
I'm definitely having an opinion about it and you can get fucked, nigger
op is a teenage high-school faggot who needs to be banned
Please be larp please be larp please be larp NO ONE can be this retarded. This is like CWC levels of social incompetency.
This is a LARP
How do you people not know that there are things you can use online to simulate a text conversation?
You know how I know it's a LARP OP?
She was interested in hanging out and expressed it to you. Women don't do that. Ever. The most a woman will ever do is disinterestedly agree to hang out or say that she's too busy.
You're a liar and this never happened.
Clown world
it's a psyop anon glowing cia cunts want you to suffer
Life ruin speedrun any % world record
Avoid her like the plague, and she may just come out of the woodwork in due time with something as batshit as "i considered raping you" on her mind for the next while
The "oh" lmaooo
anyway enjoy the restraining order OP
suck my taint
if you know what rape is, then you've thought about it
just like other things you've thought about that you'd never do
i personally have never thought about raping anyone
i'm sweating because i don't want her to report me. i'd rather never talk to her again then get expelled
i didnt want her to call the police on me
listen man
Lol what a fag
blox
who hurt you looool women do actually express interest in men, they just only do it to attractive ones, and i guess lucky retards like OP. cope harder incel
Fucking retard, if you can leave the school do it.
I thought about it once but only because the girl was a real bitch
She's 100% going to report you. I hope for your sake you're an underage b&amp; and not a collegefag or it's seriously fucking over, colleges will ream your asshole for shit like this.
gg no re bozo
Kek
/r9k/ incels in one screenshot
I bet she's sending that screenshot of your text to everyone she knows right now, women LIVE for drama like this
These sperge text threads are gold holy shit.
AHAHAHAHAHA THIS NIGGA SO RETARDED
king shit
this is why i still come here
what the fuck is wrong with you, you retard lmfaooo
Best thread I've seen on this shithole in a while, I hope to God that this is real.
ahhahaha retard
Lmao this has to be fake
You can still smooth things over, lol, this is a shit test.
Everybody knows now you dumb mother fucker. She screen capped that so quick and texted it to all her friends and her mom and her aunt. And you're gonna get expelled or fired wherever you are. 
Now you know I guess
Don't let the conversation end here or she'll actually start telling people you're a rapist. Explain yourself, against her wishes. She hasn't blocked you. It's a shit test.
What, pray tell, is the best way for OP to overcome this "shit" test she's giving him?
You guys both use all lowercase and neither of you use periods, also both lack commas in certain spots. Shit tier LARP but /r9k/ retards will believe anything. Next time change up your texting style, faggot.
/r9k/ are gullible retards who have never actually interacted with other people. Anybody can see that OP and the "girl" have the exact same texting style.
That's just how iPhone users text.
I'm a little fag so all my sexual fantasies involving real women are consensual
lmaoooo i spit my water reading this
you're like the dude at the magic show who tells everyone the tricks are fake. nobody cares, it's funny
Yeah, but the resident knuckledraggers sure seem to like it. I bet they've posted it all over /r/greentext by now. Say hi to reddit!
Emily, Judith, Dina, Michelle, Meghan, And Olivia
