Why aren't most you retards having kids? Time is passing by and the birthdate is beginning to decline in western countries. Have kids, it will literally give meaning in your life and to stop being a depressed neet fag.
They don't look elite to me
Because I'm an antinatalist
Why retard? Having kids is your meaning to life. You don't want to be all alone in your late 30 and 40s dying alone with no wife or kids don't you? What the fuck is wrong with you faggots?
three problems with your stupid plan.
1. having kids require the ability to have a GF unless i sneak around with a fucking turkey baster to inseminate women while they sleep.
2. even if i had that i certainly wouldn't want to have a bunch of likely autistic retards screeching around.
3. declining birthrate isn't my problem. in fact its not a problem at all, they've been talking about the elder wave since the 80s. its just an excuse to import shitskins and enforce police state when they bring crime and misery with them.
So you rather not spread your bloodline and gene retard? The world will move on without on you, why would you want that? You could actually obtain happiness if you stop being a faggot manchild and do your duty as a man to take care and raise kids.
Having a kid that requires constant attention for two decades sounds like literal hell on Earth.
I realized I don't like most people and any decent women wouldn't have kids with me. I'm depressed as heck and disliked most of my life. There would be a good chance any offspring you bring will have a shit life given the state of our society.
It's what I want the most but getting a gf is super hard. Also, it looks like it will require a lot of time and be super expensive to have a kid (private school, piano/chess classes, sports, health care, fun weekends (cinema, aquarium, hikes,...), nice vacations, good toys, their own bedroom, nice clothes,...), it would be a dream to have 4 or 5 kids but even if I do well in life I will be able to afford 1 or 2 max.
why did boomers sob about how hard raising kids is? I take care of my sister's daughter all the time
i swear my parents gen had down syndrome, fucking easy job
because i want to clone myself, no perfections on embryo selection, nothing like that just a 1:1 copy of myself, maybe many clones in case some of them go wrong
People aren't having kids because they can't afford it.
Then they should stop being poor then, look at Elon, he made it big by hard work and has ton of kids. He is even concerned that the birth rate is low and it's mostly your faggot fault for being poor and lazy. Learn a trade or find a good career, stop being such a worthless generation.
Elon hasn't worked hard a day in his life, his dad owned an African emerald mine. Elon's oldest son is a troon who hates him, and he has no involvement in the lives of his other kids.
People 50 years ago could afford an education, house and family with nothing but a minimum wage job.
Having kids would remove the option to just quit my job and live as a neet if things get too bad.
Elon always work dude, he doesn't sit on his ass all day in twitter, he actually does some stuff, and his faggot son doesn't matter he has too many kids to replace that troon.\
Excuses, adults aren't supposed to have min wage jobs, they're mostly for teens and kids, only a loser works a min wage job as an adult. Learn a fucking trade, go to college or code you lazy retard, it isn't hard unless you're low IQ lol.
i pity men with children
i pity the children who are forced into existenec
i pity the masses of virginal loser men who get no pussy
i pity the animals who were forced into existence by humans, to be killed, for human's pleasure
life on this planet is a mistake, and god is cruel and evil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXG48Wd8dS8 [Embed]
There's too many people on Earth, we won't have enough to feed everyone.
This is a lie. If that were true, places that pay minimum wage wouldn't be open during school hours.
The reality is that the minimum wage was created a livable wage. If it doesn't pay enough to afford a decent living, it has no right to exist in this country.
Even if you have a degree you'll get rejected due to no experience, it's a really big problem here in Canada. They only want to hire boomers.
Damn this shit is just one big ponzi scheme
People on here can't even get a girlfriend, much less have children.
How will this affect me when I'm dead? Why should I even care?
Well adults on min wage still manage to take care of their kids so why not you anyways? Cmon guys things are gonna get bad and the population will be low once the boomer dies off. Zoomers and Millennials needs to start having kids or humanity will die off.
You know that picture is a joke, right??
I do not have the money to give my kids the same kind of upbringing and living conditions I had. The economy just is not in good enough condition to be having kids.
Because I don't like kids and I don't want to make more autists for selfish reasons. 
everyone dies alone. Nobody requires a wife and kids to live. The Wright brothers didn't get married or have kids and they are remembered far more than you will be
You do, actually. Sex (not with a hooker but with someone you actually have a bond with) is one of the requirements for the body to function optimally.
No you don't need that. Monks live their whole live s without ever seeing a woman. People have issues because they make themselves depressed and wallow in their misery which is bad for you.
The highest birth rate countries are poor as shit. If nogs eating sticks in Africa can pop out 20 babies, faggots in America sipping their avocado toasts and ordering uber dash every other day can afford it.
Humans are not biologically programmed to live without sex. It is a requirement for optimal health.
There's a difference between being able to pop out kids and being able to afford to give them a decent life. The majority of those kids in Africa will die before ever reaching adulthood, so Africans have to have a lot to ensure that at least a few will survive.
In America, you're pretty much guaranteed to reach adulthood, but that doesn't mean your life won't be miserable. The cost of living (and raising kids) is much greater in the US than it is in Africa.
You are not necessarily a slave to biology. You have consciousness the override animalistic desires. Same reason why you aren't constantly binging on food. 
Either way I will not have children. That's such a funny thing. The government would pay you millions if yelling at people got them to reproduce
All living beings are slaves to their biology. Humans are no exception.
If you don't have sex, then your health will less than perfect, thus you cannot live.
Speak for yourself. I'm doing better than I ever have. And again monks like til like 90 with no women so you're simply wrong.
unironically hotter later
I wish Bonnie wright with her slagcore aesthetic of being ravaged by smoking and maccieD diets was my wife.
Why aren't most you retards having kids?
Its fucking hard, expensive, thankless, and generally not worth it unless you have resources to burn. I can't even afford a house, let alone a kid. 
I don't want to bring a child a into poverty.
OK, see what happens when you die alone in a nursing home, and the world continues on like you never existed.
it does this anyway. Kids as a legacy is a massive cope for people that can't deal with the fact that they will not have a real impact on the world.
i can barely afford to provide for myself and im not willing to work 60+ hour weeks for the rest of my miserable life while the state raises my kids to be freaks while I am away from home
Your kids are your impact on the world. Your descendants don't even have to know your name to carry on your legacy, they do that just by sharing DNA with you.
I'm not really that concerned with what happens after I die.
What is the point of trying to get people that don't like kids to have kids? They're just going to abuse them and neglect them because they don't want to put up with it. If you want more kids to exist the have 20 of them. You're not lazy are you?
They have to be rich. Normal people don't do this kind of shit. This is stuff that you shouldn't even worry about.
You need to be able to get a gf to get kids
Wrong. You can rape a female.
Keep coping, everyone is 60% genetically related to a banana
I'm a 28 year old woman and my bf is 32. For me I simply don't feel like it. I live the same life I did at 19 pretty much. I just want to goof around and have fun on my terms. Garden, cook, sports, camp, beach, just fun. I have 0 maternal instincts I ovulate sand
I've got bad genes, it's best I keep them to myself and do the species a favor.
My impact on the world is my impact on the world. If anything the absence of kids is a net good, I'm doing the world a favor.
This is retarded. No humanity won't die off from that. It might from many other things though.
Sup faggots my name is John and I outbreed everyone of you.
Sex in the basic needs category is covered by masturbation, retard.
It's not the preferrable solution, but you're a liar if you claim otherwise. Actual sexual intercourse with another person isn't a required need until tier 2-3.
why would i want a kid?
kek
I would be a neglectful and abusive parent owing to my complete lack of empathy and selfishness
heard about these clowns on Chapo lmao
accelerating the downfall of the White race.
Absolutely based anons in here without them even realizing it.
All those kids are so damn ugly, rip
I promise to have lots of kids once I find an untouched woman dw bro
cmon now
Its the philosophy for 13 year olds who think they are mature
I'm not spreading my low IQ, high sex drive neanderthal genes anon
its not like i aint tryin.
tuen around and bend over.
Am not going to pretend am noble like anti natilist fags but here are my three reasons
The earth will be made uninhabitable in a billion years by the heat of the sun.
Im too weak for that
birth rates collapsed decades ago
Lol, they must think the thickness of the rims on their glasses contribute to intelligence.
amusing, I'd much prefer pussy
That picture is so fucking brutal I always laugh when I see it
It'll happen to you too!
I take care of my sister's daughter all the time
So, what I'm hearing is I help raise a kid part time during the most likely easiest time of the day.
Get back to me when it's your kid. You might gain some autonomy, or you time, when they get 8 or 9, but before that fucking forget it. The first 3 to 6 months is a haze. Sleep is 90 mins to 2 hour blocks, hopefully you can trade some shifts with your spouse to get at least 1 decent nights sleep a week. 
I enjoy the quiet of solitude.
https://voca.ro/1l5vG0WJQ9MD
because my fellow bandmate was probably my future husband/fling and then he was murdered. 
so i'm only interested in two guys now and one of them is sort of my oneitus ex but i am scared of getting an ugly body after pregnancy and the babies dying and him leaving/cheating etc. 
when i get reincarnated i will like to see him again.
&lt;/3
That's easy as fuck, lmao at you making it sound like military service
none of the autistic retards who uses this board should ever be allowed to reproduce.
Life is really unpleasant right now.
I couldnt do that to another person and have a clear conscience.
If millenials and zoomers aren't having kids, then who will?
Your NPC dialogue tree needs some work
"Maintain humanity under 500 million."
The global elite wants to cull over 90% of earths population. Forget having children in the coming future.
Why would they want that? Less people = less workers = less consumers = less money for them.
You first OP, why aren't you having kids?
Birthrates aren't important anymore.
For the time you have a baby you can import 10 migrants that will do the job.
You can't out breed the rest of the world.
Fuck off CK.
I want tons of kids but I can't find a racist rw egirl who would want to be with a ugly fat bastard like me.
that's a two player game and i don't have the resources to do it anyway faggot
Embryo selection
What does this mean?
I'm 27, I didn't had a job for 4 years and only worked 3 in my life, I'm still at my parents house, and have 400 euros on my bank account. A child surely is what I need to get out of this.
Is that really your best shot? Yes preschool insults are going to change my entire world view
I don't know. It's crazy. But the people from the globalist club, like Bill Gates and Klaus Schwab, and this Club of Rome scientists aren't getting tired to talk about dangerous overpopulation and humans as "a cancer on earth". Maybe they are actual satanists and want to destroy the world.
it never began for me
its tragic for normies to lose their looks because they cant fall in love with eachother's beauty anymore
but for me it never began, so in a sense ive lost nothing
And both of them are ugly as fuck, what did they expect ?
WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO FIND A WOMAN TO HAVE KIDS WITH YOU STUPID RETARDED GASLIGHTING FUCKING FAGGOT!
No, it's not retard. Stop spreading this goy bullshit on my thread. Fuck off.
Because I don't have a pot to piss in, or a window to throw it out of (nor will I ever, in this scam globalist slave economy).
Oh, and because I am incel as fuck. I love my would-be children too much to bring them into this living hell of existence.
I just don't want them. I'm 29 and I live my life almost entirely the same way I did at 20 except now I make really good money as a dev. I literally just don't feel like it and don't really think I will ever feel like it. 
Birth rates mean nothing to me. Humanity after I die means absolutely nothing to me. My country is being flooded with third world immigration.. like I do not want my progeny to grow up around a 99% pajeet + nigger + chink population in some techno dystopia. I want to roam solo around the world, raking in the big bucks, running my business, keeping myself fit, healthy and attractive and just enjoying life in that way. If it means something to me in the future, I'll just pay a giga-Stacy a sizeable amount for some co-parenting arrangement where we breed some top tier kids. Maybe in my 50s or some shit.
Based af. I'm the same way
Nogs in Africa are NOT raising their 20 children and this is why their continent is plagued by war and widespread retardation
Nah, too expensive. I'm good. Maybe I'll have them if I can make a living wage working a normal 40 hour per week job. Otherwise this world can get fucked.
