To all the Tate haters,
When we say "What color is your Bugatti" we're not literally asking about the color of your Bugatti. What we're saying is "What do you have to offer us that Tate doesn't offer"
I want women, Tate has hundreds of women.
I want money, Tate has more cash than I could ever spend in a lifetime.
I want a nice house, Tate owns property in the most beautiful places in the world.
I want nice cars, Tate has 33 luxury vehicles.
Tate has everything I could ever want, and he started Hustlers University to help people like me get these things.
He could have just sat back, enjoyed his millions, and done whatever he wanted to benefit himself.
But instead, he chose to help people like me, and in doing so became one of the most hated men in the world.
Most people would have given up and quit due to the harassment, but he continues to fight for the guys like me.
So I'll ask one more time, what color is your Bugatti?
just because your cult leader lets you suck his 9-incher doesn't mean you're suddenly going to escape micropeendom
tate cant make money legitimately. he had to sell drugs and human traffic to become rich. why are you taking money making advice from someone that made his money illegally
He didn't "human traffic" those weren't the charges he was facing. They were claiming that he coerced them with promise of a a further relationship when in reality he was just using them for cam business. That's what his opponents have stated. It's a form of sex trafficking that is still alleged and being tried in court. Whether or not he sold drugs, I don't know, but I doubt it made up his entire net worth. I thought 4chan nerds would love Andrew Tate because he'd offer you little degens a way out of this sad existence on this site. I now realize most of you are so reliant on the system that you'd fight to defend it. All of you over here screaming about the jews but the second you can take some self-accountability and put yourself in a position where jews can't fuck you over you wanna sit there and bring up information from jew news sources.
Actually it's just to scam money out of gullible men like you. 
Tate was born in wealth. It's not something you can become. You have to be born in this category or you're out
Wrong, and even if he did, he doesnt have 1 high quality woman despite acting like he knows how to get them. If it was so simple and he had the answers, he have them.
andrew tate said he sold drugs. just look up andrew tate drug dealer . he talks about it
and andrew tate IS getting fucked with he was in jail for months and is under house arrest now.
his stupid courses dont offer any information you cant get online for free.
do you have any proof he was born into wealth
Nice copy pasta. Anyway I'll ask you again 
What color is your skin, nigger?
i wouldnt believe tate sex trafficked if he didnt admit to it on video
What colour is your dad?
