be me
micro dick
tits
find out have hormone condition
can never have sex with a woman
can never have children
become fag instead
getting railed is actually pretty good
no regrets
you should maybe take exogenous estrogen to lean into it
Been thinking about it. Already have a somewhat feminine body already with no way to fix it so might as well.
Yeah, you would be an apex hottie tgirl and could probably pull guys or girls alike depending on what you feel like fucking on a given day.
Standard issue trannies hate intersex trannies for mogging them so hard.
Ohhh yeah i already know that. My sister is friends with a lot of alphebet people and trannies. The trannies fucking hate me for it or either fawn over "how easy" i got it.
How attractive r u on 1-10 scale
You should wear heels and slutpost here anon >.&lt;
I would say a solid 6. If i actually worked out and used make up like women i think i could get to a solid 8 or 9. Been told by a few gay men im a 9 tho so maybe im harsh on myself.
Maybe. Got to learn to walk in those fuckers tho, they are harder to walk in than they look.
I'm sure you'll look very cute and hot in them anon :>
I think i do, especially with my legs shaved and some stockings. From the couple times ive tried them.
You should post pics~
Dont have pics of me in heels but do have one of me in what i think is a cute but slutty outfit. Excuse the weight i was on meds at the time and since coming off them have lost most of it.
Cute and slutty indeed~
Holy shit you have massive tits
Did you think you were straight before submitting to cock? Thats so hot
Thanks, i try :3
I'm not convinced that's a micro-dick. Looks more like a dick on a morbidly obese person. Post another photo of it hard and convince me I'm wrong
Thanks haha, been growing since i was 12. Without shitposting, i defenitly had an inkling but was in deniel till i was about 16. At 16 i finally started coming around to the idea that i might not be straight.
That is hard buddy
No it isn't. Don't try and insult my intelligence either, I am a cock obsessed turbo faggot, cock is literally all I care about and I know them very well. That isn't a fully soft dick, but it sure as shit isn't fully hard either. All SPH faggots are the same, they take photos of their """""hard"""" small dicks because they get off on people calling them small.
It's certainly small, but a genuine microdick and not just a semi-hard dick on a morbidly obese person? I'm not convinced it's micro, real microdicks are insanely rare.
Idk what to tell ya buddy. It hasnt grown since i was born and bearly gets hard. This is what i would call hard. I cant really get harder than that. If ya got a problem with the diagnosis take it up with my endochnoligist
post another photo of it looking convincingly hard then. I'll gladly stand corrected, I like small dicks and yours is cute but a real micro dick? how about you convince me
I'm not convinced that's a micro-dick
OP is literally smol-er than some cis women like webm related.
Heres soft for comparison
Is that really a woman? How? Thats like 2x the size of mine
and now hard, get it actually hard for me
The first one was as hard as i can actually get. I dont think you know how hormones work
Um yeah I'm gonna need a video of you cumming hands free for verification
really a woman
Yes
how
She used testosterone gel applied to her clit for fetish purposes to enlarge it.
Damn, still impressive. Didnt know women clits can get that big, even bigger than me.
So you're just not gonna post another one?
Idk what you want from me. You already dont belive that its hard, i cant get any harder to show you.
Just say you want vids because you think it's hot
Yeah, you could get a large clit hyena moder gf to sexually bully your microdick.
It really seems like it doesnt it. If he just wants more pics or vids to beat his meat to he should just ask straight foward.
Welllll shiiet
I mean sure I already said I find it cute, I like small dicks. I just wanted a convincing photo if it being hard because I didn't trust the first pic to be fully hard like you claim it is. 
I certainly would like more photos for the simple reason that it's hot too but also because I'd like to see it genuinely fully hard
Idk how you want me to get it harder than that. You are asking for the impossible dude.
Well provide one more photo if it hard then?
don't hyena clits have a habit of rupturing during childbirth?
This looks almost like a vagina to me, wha is going on in between the "two lips"? 
Do you release anything when you cum?
Just wanted to say you're very cute anon, we need more posters like you
Heres Hard
And Heres soft
Thank you, appreciate it &lt;3
Thats just my sack. When i cum its just a clear liqued
what do you weigh? 0001
wow never tought i would feel this good bout my dick size thx OP
86kg. Big for how tall i am but have been rapidly losing the weight since coming of some meds that made me gain it in the first place.
Your welcome, enjoy yoir big dick
I would have guessed bigger because of the way your dick just goes into your body, maybe you're super short? 
Either way your dick certainly is small. I'm still kind of annoyed you can't take like a good photograph of it hard, even if you ignore my previous comments about believing whether it is hard or not, can't you take like a proper shot of it where you try and give it a good angle
reason is two fold, I like small dicks so it'd be hot, also the curiosity of seeing how small it is
Nta but if you keep up with that anons will think you're being antagonistic and not want to send cute pics
Im 5'8 so not super short. I just suck at taking pics sorry and rn it would be hard for me to get hard. Its really difficult to maintain it then have to use my shitty camera. Been thinking of just taking photography classes to take better nude.
Can't I be both? I mean SPH stuff is full of this shit and if you genuinely do have a small dick, why not take half decent shots of it? 
c'mon, you've seen photos of dicks before you can do better than >>73064930
Good luck photography seems fun and would 100% accentuate whatever cute dresses and heels you wear
Oh yeah, i admit that one was an absolute shit picture. Not in the best position to take pics rn tho with other people in the house.
Oh absolutly. I tried taking a class when i was in high school unfortunatly the school cut the class. Def need to find a class now, i always wish my pictures were just more professional and more flattering.
Can we expect some better photos today? To reiterate I do like your dick, not so much the bad photos
Probably not, got my sister and her bf at my place currently. Taking that really shitty picture was already risky. Might make a new thread when i can though. Try and take some better pics between then when i get the chance.
What bra size do you wear? Post tits pls
I'll be on the lookout for you anon :3
Not sure my size, the only bra ive ever had was one my sister got but was to big for her so gave it to me. Not sure what size that one was either. I do plan to figure it out though since my back is getting really bad.
You're bigger than your sister? Congrats. Bras are important, make sure you get fitted properly.
Yeah, i got our mums tits and she got our dads haha. Even then i think mine are a bit bigger than my mums.
You're not turned on by the prospect of jerking yourself off in the toilet while they're there and taking some photos for us when you do it? Are you even a sub slut?
Post ass next
Originallierino
Haha yeah it would be a turn on but for me its just hard to maintain and keep erections. I have to have something in mt ass to even cum anyway. I cant just masturbate and cum.
Wow those sluts are huge for a man wtf. I don't normally support trannies but I think you should troon out
The balls look like a labia.
Yes, because the baby is born through the clit.
Yeah, im really curious how they will turn out if i did actually go on female hormones instead of just my natural ones.
Heres one of the few i have. Its really hard to get a good ass pic without a typod or something
And heres the second part of it
*tripod
so you've actually gotten fucked? Can you describe the events that lead to you getting fucked the first time and what you thought about it? 
How many times total have you done it?
The events leading up to my first time were a bit weird. Friend came out as bi and eventually confessed to having a crush on me. That cause me to think about my own sexuality and i realised it made me excited when thinking about my friend like that. From there it was just akward teen flirting till he nervously asked me to blow him. I did then from there we organised a night where i would clean up and he would fuck me. I really enjoyed it even if it was akward as fuck for a little bit. After that most men ive been with have been from grindr and gay clubs/bars. I think ive gone through about 50 men as an estimate. Men are really into the tits and the small penis.
your balls look like a pussy, also has any girl ever laughed at your small little tiny dick?
Suprisingly not, every girl who has seen it has called it cute but i think that has more to do with them seeing me as one of the girls instead of seeing me as a man.
do they still blow it and fuck you? or do they just jerk you off with their fingers..
Also, were you ever jealous of men with larger dicks? when did that happen, if so...
And when did you first learn that your dick was tiny? What feelings did you have at that time?
Sorry if I'm asking a lot of questions, I've always had a really large dick, but sometimes I fap to SPH shit...
damn you're a huge slut aren't you
do you jerk off and cum while the men fuck you or are you satisfied just being fucked?
No these women were never going to blow me. Ive never been with a woman at all. I was jelous as a teen but after 16 i just accepted it, it was a lot easier to accept once i realised i was gay. Ive always known it was tiny.
I can be satisfied and cum just being fucked but if its not enough to get me over the edge i dont masturbate i kind of just rub it if you know what i mean.
that's LITERALLY a clitoris from one of those "big clit" subreddits
it cant be a penis
Idk what to say bud. Unfortunatly that is in fact my penis.
Ive never been with a woman at all.
god that's so hot, so you just kind of had to accept that you were a failed male, and girls thought your tiny dick was cute and harmless.
you must have low test and underdeveloped muscles as well?
My dick is larger completely flaccid.
Yeah because of my hormone condition i had less than 1 ng/dL when the normal amount for a man is 200-1000 ng/dL. Because of that my mucles and bones basiclly developed like a girls. Also started growing breasts at 12.
Your parents never even let you get on testosterone or anything because of this? what the fuck was wrong with them...
I feel like everything you've typed in this thread could literally be explained by you having no test..
I really don't think you're gay either, I'm convinced you're just taking whatever sexual contact you can get at this point.
You really mean to say that the female form does nothing for you?
No it wasnt my parents. I got checked at the doctors when i was younger but they didnt do shit. And said it was nothing to worry about. As i got older none of it fixed its self like they said it would and by then i was to embaressed to tell my parents and get it checked again. Didnt get a proper diagnosis till 19. Im definetly gay, without shit posting it was pretty obvious i was in denile about it. Women dont do anything for me. I chalk it down to me growing up hormonally a girl basiclly so i guess thats why im gay if i had to guess?
you're the designer of your own misery.
You should find out where your old doctor is, and tell them that their original prognosis to do fucking nothing was retarded, and that you ended up with a non-functional set of genitals because of it.
Maybe you can save the next person from getting fucked over as hard as you.
Im not misrable at all and actually happy with the outcome. I enjoy looking fem and attracting men. And i wouldnt say i have non functioning genitals just not how they would traditionally function for a man. I still have a fullfiling and great sex life.
yeah, while you're in your 20s.
then ur going to be a hairy old man who nobody wants to fuck.
but it'll be worse, because you'll have no dick, and no sex drive.
Dont have much hair except on my head so doubt ill be hairy. That shit happens to old people anyway, nothing new. Even dispite that, old people fuck. Thats why nursing homes have so many stds.
sounds like you really did a lot of research into it..
live your life however man, I'm glad you have a small dick and are happy with it.
Thanks man, if it was going to happen to anyone glad it was me and not someone else. Im content and happy the way i am and have a fullfilling sex and love life. I dont think it would be the same for most people tho.
still more foreskin then most americans
Where do you americans keep your coins if not for your foreskin?
