Kill parasites. Behead parasites. Roundhouse kick parasites into the dirt. Set parasites on fire. Launch parasites into space with no protection. Throw parasites into a volcano. Blend parasites on puree. Smash parasites with a hammer. Throw parasites into a vat of acid. Expose parasites to Delta P. Freeze parasites and smash them to bits. Electrocute parasites until they're ash. Smash parasites until they're paste. Run over parasites with a dump truck. Cut parasites into tiny pieces with a knife. Bury parasites with rocks. Put parasites into a wood chipper. Leave parasites out in the hot sun wrapped in tinfoil. 
I fucking hate parasite so much 
Leucochloridium makes me fucking sick. 
I have respect for almost all creatures that are alive and I really try to avoid killing even bugs
But parasites should be burned from the earth
I think you should have compassion for all life actually
But Sacculina, Dendrogaster and parasitic snails are pretty cool )^:...
What are your thoughts on symbiotes?
No
No fuck that
If somethings want to prey on something or out compete it or even eat it alive then that sucks but what are you going to do 
But to fucking live in another things body when you don't belong there is absolutely disgusting and it makes me seethe
NO
NO FUCK PARASITES
I mean >>73060752 makes a good point, plenty of symbiotes become parasites or were parasites before evolving to become symbiotes. Parasites under the right conditions can actually improve upon the host organism. Examples include gut fauna, mitochondria, chloroplasts(so plants, algae, etc. that isn't cyanobacteria) and many deep sea animals.
me im what you could call a *social* parasite (i do not work for a living and i never will)
I mean symbiosis is fine
Symbiosis as I understand is most commonly one species cleaning another species off. Like how birds or shrimp will clean the inside of certain animals mouths and they'll let them do it
If you're talking about mutual parasitism, then I guess it depends.
I mean if we're talking about shit like Spiderman's Black Suit (the symbiote he discovers during the secret wars) or the Aburame clan from Naruto I guess I'm all for it. 
I just don't like the idea of somethign being inside of another fucking living thing and fucking shit up
Have you SEEN what the fucking things in the OP will actually do to the worm? They go right up into the fucking eyestalk
It's horrible
Yeah but that's mutual parasitism so it's different
I'm talking shit like fucking tapeworms and scabies and shit like that
I wouldn't count those things are parasites because they actively work to improve the hosts health and will provide that function without causing pain or displacing the host from it's ecological niche to the hosts detrimetn
Yeah but that's mutual parasitism so it's different
Not quite, it almost certainly didn't start out mutually. Mitochondria for example have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphaproteobacteria as their closest living relatives(that we know of). They have an affinity for being endoparasites, which makes sense for the evolution of the mitochondria. Likewise, chloroplasts likely were being predated upon and exploited to produce extra food before being consumed until natural selection continued pulling at that thread to just have the cyanobacteria live within the cell without its consumption.
Parasitic relationships can develop into symbiotic ones if the conditions select for it and even in humans there are parasites that are seemingly closer to being symbiotic(something related to types of algae no less) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toxoplasma_gondii toxo for example has been found to generally increase the attractiveness of those it infects. We know it does this for rats and there's some reason to believe it does the same for humans https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3206931/
Aw sweet is this like the crab thread last night
The point is that those things don't tremendously displace the host or disturb it's capacity to function within a niche
Don't fucking to into things eyes and fuck them up 
Don't fucking rip off something's tongue so you can get some blood
Don't fucking burrow into something's skin and cause massive rashes
That's really all I'm saying
I am familiar with the concept that unicellular life only became multicellular once larger organisms started housing smaller organisms as organelles, but I think that's kind of classically romantic
it's a harsh world out there, but if we make a go of it together we can potentially stave off some of these conditions that might unmake us
I know that I'm oversimplifying it but that's not too far off from what happened concpetually
I think I get what you mean, just basically anything that can't quite contribute to its host because of how it affects them. I'd put forward though that these kinds of parasites, which are harmful to the host in such a way, redistribute bio-energetic resources that the host is pretty prone to monopolizing. For the snails, as an example, they have few natural predators and proliferate -- they also just regenerate their eyes and recover anyhow. These parasites act more like feedback mechanisms to control populations, just as a natural circumstance of these animals/resources being large niches available to them. In cases where these niches don't exist to a large enough extent, horrid parasites like this don't really evolve or if they existed in the niche then they trend towards extinction due to the difficulties in spreading. That latter circumstance is almost certainly why you see animals in the deep sea whose relatives are often parasitic to a certain host organism have instead evolved to be symbiotic with them. Like shrimps and the venus basket glass sponges. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venus%27_flower_basket#Mutualistic_relationship
so this is just total nigger death but slightly disguised?
Wow that's cool. I had no idea that the bird simply rips off the eye-stalk but it makes sense if the birds don't naturally eat the snail that they would just eat the eye
That's immensely cool
Thanks for elucidating this anon. 
You are right in the way that you're framing it with the redistribution of natural energy.
That dovetails with a similar idea that I have about how human beings are essentially bogarding a tremendous amount of natural energy by breaking the environmental pressures that exist for us naturally and keeping for more human beings alive than nature intended at any given time.
I don't hate niggers anymore than I hate ofays or jews
I just really really like the kill/behead/roundhouse meme format a lot and I've seen it used a few times now for different subjects
At this point it's just a copypasta...
What the fuck did you just fucking say to me you little bitch? I'll have you know I have over 300 confirmed kills...
Happy to talk about it and clear things up and honestly with humans we should have way more parasites to worry about but we've been so good at killing them off. It's not perfect though, like the kinds of mosquitos that target humans have been getting more resistant to our insecticides and although we've pretty much eradicated a major parasite that afflicted humans in the form of schistosomiasis( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schistosomiasis ) , which was a serious and deadly disease, we still have it around in some parts of the world.
I think we'll eradicate a lot of our parasites in the future and remove the worry about parasites as we colonize space and utilize those resources. After all, there's not much that can evolve in your space station to infect you and what does start to become a problem can be removed quickly.
this but with landlords (the parasites of real estate)
no ik but i was calling niggers parasites, twas a joke my good sir
You're what I could call based
Eh
I really don't think the space revolution will go in the way that a lot of people feel that it will go. I really think it will be far more similar to what is happening on earth already
The richest people will gate-keep it with a ruthless efficiency and only the people with lots of money will truly benefit from space. The kind of people who can fund space travel will be the kind of people who like making money and who like business.
That said, it's probably an economic sink to try terraforming a planet
I have the theory that conceptually it will only ever be like the movie Elysium. 
The elites will have their own orbital platforms (similarly to the gated communities that exist here on earth), and all other classes will continue to work to support them
If the people who are funding space exploration really wanted to, they could do a lot to help fix the planet both socially for humans and environmentally for the actual planet itself. 
At this point space travel is just a hubris thing, in my opinion.
Not that anybody asked
I can see the rationale there
Quite frankly with what happened in Chicago I won't be surprised if more racists were created
But the fact of the matter is that niggers exist in all races. 
There are always going to be spics, kikes, ofays, chinks, sand-niggers, and every other racial pejorative that exists because it isn't about race
It's about the fact that some people are just low-brain dominant
Well, I haven't seen Elysium but I will say that terraforming would definitely be the more expensive thing to do. Space stations just in something like a dyson swarm is something I don't think could be gatekept because the main issue with space stations/travel/mining today is the lack of orbital infrastructure. Once that hurdle is overcome, even if it's expensive(which it can only be so expensive because the rich want to use it too and the rich people who own it still want money) then people can pool their resources, make businesses that compete well enough and so on. So long as governing bodies don't actively enforce monopolistic practices to exist then it should be quite cheap as the asteroid belt, the moon and the other moons of the solar system all have immensely vast resources and energy utilization is immensely efficient in space as compared to Earth.
To better explain that, heat engines are an example. A perfect heat engine is as efficient as the Carnot Efficiency would be and the most efficient heat engines we have on Earth today are about 64%~ efficient(64% of the energy released in the system is converted to work or electricity). https://www.omnicalculator.com/physics/carnot-efficiency
Our most efficient heat engines run at like 1500-1600c, but the cold end of the engine matters too. The ambient temperature of space varies based on where you are(as you expose yourself to thermal radiation, like the Earth of the sun), but the baseline for the universe is around 3 kelvin. That gives a Carnot Efficiency(with 1600c for the hot side) of about 99.84%, which is the best possible scenario that's physically possible in space.
this made me think about leafcutter ants. they're known for hauling plant matter such as leaves back to their anthill but they dont eat the leaves, instead chewing it up and letting fungus grow.
interestingly enough, those specific fungi do not grow on their own and need ants to live. and the ants cannot live without the fungi, its the only thing they eat
I have a video you may like, anon. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XuPtW8lBCM [Embed]
t. /an/on
i hate all kinds of parasites. 
alien was directly inspired by the worms that grow in ants and burst out of the thorax killing their host. prometheus was kinda shit but it built on the other kinds of parasites such as mind controlling spores. 
its so fucking gross.
greenland sharks are often blind because parasitic worms eat their eyes.
yeah i think thats the video i have it from.
ants are interesting.
Yup, termites have domesticated fungi before too, iirc. It seems to be something that trends towards happening. The fungi naturally are better digesters of woody/plant material and the ants/termites make excellent conditions for some fungi. Normally this is bad for the hosts(ants/termites) but both need these conditions and thus are naturally selected towards working together. A thing that tends to happen with symbionts, parasitic origin or otherwise, is that after a long enough time in very stable environments they become wholly dependent on each other. Mitochondria and chloroplasts can no longer live independent of their hosts and from what I understand with chloroplasts they have actually lost genes necessary for photosynthesis and laterally had them end up in their hosts(plants). This makes sense as it hinders any potential mutations that could turn the endosymbiont into a parasite.
Why though? Almost all species are parasites to some extent. All predators survive by killing other animals, for example. Even plants kill other plants constantly in competition for sunlight and nutrients. Humans most of all, we have caused tremendous amounts of death and suffering in order to benefit ourselves.
Actual parasites are no worse, they are just a little bit more direct about it.
