It is literally written *IN THE BIBLE* that a man has a DUTY to please his wife sexually.
In this modern era, in which moids are increasingly refusing to marry, this means that they have a duty to please any woman who demands pleasure.
In other words:
NO sex refusals
NO complaining when I grab your butt in public even if you're a complete stranger
NO going on the internet creating false propaganda that men can somehow be "raped."
As a man, you must view your body not as an extension of your own soul, but rather as a hunk of muscle and penis that exists to please women. As such, you must be ready to submit to ANY woman's sexual demands at ANY time. Anything less is INSUBORDINATION!
Its also written in the Bible that the woman submits to the man.
But that's inconvenient to you so you'll ignore that.
But you're also a man larping so.
Okay, fine. This will not change anything in my life anyway. Can you leave now?
Fuck you hypothetical cuntoid my dick is for me and me alone.
i wish women were like this
where is my sexually selfish gf who i have to pleasure every morning?
men aren't getting married
that means that they're married to all women at the same time
women moment
No, YOU need to SUBMIT ;)
You need to SUBMIT ;)
You need to SUBMIT ;)
FINALLY A REAL MAN
You need to SUBMIT ;)
You need to SUBMIT ;)
Sure, but like I said this won't change anything.
There are boys out here getting their asses groped by girls, made to feel like their rightful property. Fuck this life man
Reminder that op is a male coomer
I submitted my post, that's all you get brainlet
Real talk, hole. How many guys would you actually rape or sexually assault in a day if guys were unable to resist your advances.
NO sex refusals
NO complaining when I grab your butt in public even if you're a complete stranger
NO going on the internet creating false propaganda that men can somehow be "raped."
None of these apply to me because i'm not Chad, therefore meaning no woman will ever do any of these things to me.
also you're a tranny lol
There are boys out here getting their asses groped by girls, made to feel like their rightful property. Fuck this life man
Meanwhile the reverse lands the male a rape charge.
Foid/tranny bait thread
0/10 in terms of bait
