Would you be friends with someone who has no friends?
as long as we had similar interests or they were willing to share theirs.
sure thing, they have to start somewhere, don't they?
No. There is always a reason for them not to have friends. Ive got baited too many times
already am, its pretty fun but some times i feel bad for her because i fell like shed be happier if she had a few more
Would you be friends with someone who has no friends?
I would.
I would, because I am friendless myself, but on the condition that both of us have to make new friends, together if possible. Exclusivity sounds kinda creepy, and a recipe for mental illness and/or homosexual behaviour.
I moved countries. Is that a good enough excuse?
You just end up ruining everything. You lose them. Back to being alone
Depends on when you moved them.
3 months ago orig
shed be happier if she had a few more
Exclusivity sounds kinda creepy, and a recipe for mental illness and/or homosexual behaviour.
kys normalfags
You just end up ruining everything.
By getting more friends? The alternative is codependency, which will be a torture on its own, and by the time one of you cant stand it anymore and walk away the damage will be done. You have to realize something like that would require enormous commitment, and poor commitment is what made most of us land on this board. If you both try to make new friends, you grow from there, but also start from equal conditions.
i have no friends
are you sure you don't? most people i have added from r9k that say this do infact have friends
normalfags
You wish, unlike most here I've been friendless by choice until mid 20s. Then changed my mind but it was too late. Bet you're one of those 18yos that think their life is ruined because... you're not Chad. One of those "friendless" guys with online friends for 10 years, but you don't count them because you want to fit in so badly. KYS hypocrite
The alternative is codependency, which will be a torture on its own,
Normalfag with fried dopamine receptors detected
kys asap
I've been friendless by choice
by choice
So a normalfag then. You are not a real robot unless you are involuntarily friendless. Most men above the age of 30 are "friendless by choice". Doesn't mean they aren't normalfags.
No. Normalfags have a consolidated friend circle by then. 
Most men above the age of 30 are "friendless by choice".
They say that because they're not looking for new ones, autistic retard. Because they already have and keep their old hs and college friends.
Doesn't mean they aren't normalfags.
They are, but lets say they're not. What difference does it make?
niggers are really arguing about the parameters of being a normalfag in this thread kek get a load of this
If you do not relate to these social struggles please venture to another board. Thanks.
Oh hey, you're back. Everyone, OP used to post these threads every day as a troll and would rebuff everyone who tried to be their friend. Keep this in mind.
See this is the exact same normie bullshit I am talking about. Reputation bullshit is everything to you stupid fucks. All these sort of posts come right after the amerifats get off work.
Fuck normalfags. The only good normalfag is one with a bullet in their fucking head who is dead and buried six feet under. Death is the only remedy for their condition.
Of course, the smaller the friend group the higher the intelligence usually
Of course, the smaller the friend group the higher the intelligence usually
Finally someone said it. Unfortunately that also means the harder it is to break into. Usually these friend groups are arranged by (asian) parents in elementary school sadly.
