https://vimeo.com/260391237
Scene from this movie
Post the audio version you fag
28
lmao, that eunuch looks 50
Nah. Looks like a chad to me. 5'8 but still. Prolly got lots of pussy in his life
Here
https://youtu.be/9zYL-XylC74 [Embed]
I meant I need the webm with the audio version, FRIEND
Welcome, newfriend. Glad to have you
What are you talking about? The YouTube link is the scene with audio
I'm used to being single, that's nothing compared to the feeling of not being to find films on this level
I dont like the ending from the movie.
This time the book is vastly superior in that matter.
Good thread, hope r9k isn't filled with retards and could contribute something to this.
We should talk about Houellebecq someday
is this a movie of the Houellebecq novel? oh sweet you robots should read some houellebecq
He's an actor. I'm the real thing. I look like Baki, but nothing is enough if you're socially awkward/too blackpilled which kills libido
Thanks for the link, friendo. I've been really feeling like shit today, so rewatching this movie will really hit the spot.
I dont like the ending from the movie.
This time the book is vastly superior in that matter.
Haven't read the book, what do they do different in it?
Whatever, in the showers at the gym I realized I had a really small dick. I measured it when I got home it was twelve centimeters, maybe thirteen or fourteen if you measured right to the base. I'd found something new to worry about, something I couldn't do anything about; it was a basic and permanent handicap. It was around then that I started hating blacks. There weren't many of them in the school most of them went to the technical high school, Lycee Pierre-de-Coubertin, where the eminent Defrance did his philosophical striptease and propounded his pro-youth ass-kissing. I only had one, in my premiere A class, a big, stocky guy who called himself Ben. He always wore a baseball cap and Nikes; I was convinced he had a huge dick. All the girls threw themselves at this big baboon and here I was trying to teach them about Mallarme what the fuck was the point? This is the way Western civilization would end, I thought bitterly, people worshiping in front of big dicks, like hamadryas baboons. I got into the habit of coming to class without any underwear on. This black guy was going out with exactly the girl I would have chosen myself: blonde, very pretty, with a childlike face and small firm tits. They would come to class holding hands. I always kept the windows closed while they were working; the girls would get hot and take off their sweaters, their T-shirts sticking to their breasts. Hidden behind my desk, I'd jerk off.
/r9k/s favorite author
the book is quite a lot better. it was pretty funny when he tried to fuck the psychologist.
iirc in the movie he picks up the dance lessons and supposedly meets a woman that likes him, while in the book he just bikes in the Alps and isolates himself from society, right?
Movie ending kinda clashes with the whole movie, it sends the message that if you keep trying and get out there you'll eventually find someone, when we see that it isn't clearly the case with the friend that despite always trying his best and actually being brave enough to go and talk to women, could never score
I'm not going to watch a degenerate french film even if it's blackpilling
This
Blackpilled
asian wifu irl
Made a porn where he fucks college arthoes
Yes
we were supposed to see him get laid almost 2 months ago now. They're in trial for wether Kirac(some obscure art faggots) are allowed to show his dick on screen or not. Man if they win the trial it's gonna be fucking awesome
He doesn't look that bad 
Also , fuck the French
Nigga was early 30s, could hardly have been more age correct to the character.
The anon wants us to spoonfeed him with the video converted to webm.
oh sweet you robots should read some houellebecq
I did. and I agree with you I like his shit.
I also watched both this film and the german film adaptation of Atomised (Elementarteilchen)
Good robot shit.
So is everything if you haven't noticed...
Thank you, can you please upload more incelcore movies?
watching this has made me want to rope even more
asian wifu irl
I wonder if the stuff in Serotonin has any parallel to reality...
Well, I'm sure the plight of farmers is real, if slightly exagerated, but I mean the whole asian gf and how much the protagonist hated her. (and of course, the gangbangs and dog fucking)
Kinda obvious. With that baby face, is hard to some woman wants him, he could get laid if he puts a beard though
