<comment>
It's so fucking over bros.
In my late teens and early 20s, I got girls no problem. granted, solid 5's, but still got laid. I was socialmaxxed and gymcelled to an extent.
I ghosted all my normalfag highschool and college friends and went full neet, debtmaxxing and making a living day trading.
fast forward 7 years, I'm 30.
still trying to /makeit/ big, but still working on making it daytrading. have okay income, 4k a month, leanmaxxed, 5'10 chadlight, but havent felt the touch of a woman in FUCKING YEARS.
It feels horrible going to escorts, but that is the only way im not killing myself.
no friends, have to fake happiness in front of parents, isolated staring at a screen 12 hours a day, havent had sex that i didnt pay for since I was 24 (30 now).
Walking down the street in a major east coast american city, girls dont even know i exist. im just invisible. Im sure this is happening to millions of guys across the world.
the isolation is killing me. Cant make friends with normalfags, cant get a match with somone who isnt a landwhale or tranny on dating apps, it's so fucking over.
my only choice is to have steady six figures and SEAmaxx or colombiamaxx to find a loving rural girl and start a family. 
I kow it's nearing the end for me, I either make it or it's over... literally ill be homeless spending all my capital daytrading as ive been looking at the charts for SIX FUCKING YEARS 12 HOURS A DAY and still havent made it. 
i just need the loving embrace of a woman.. that i dont pa for. it's crippling. it's hell on earth. thanks for reaidng my blog faggots!
<comment>
shut up you neurotypical normie faggot
you cant and never will be able to relate to robots
go to reddit
<comment>
yea typical response I expected.
thanks for reading my blog anyways!
<comment>
you're not a robot. leave. refer to >>73065929
<comment>
Day trading is gambling
Gambling requires a bunch of cash and a full understanding of the game.
You have neither.
Why are you surprised anon? 
You're probably still normie and young enough to get a real job and some postwall chubster who wants a wedding and doesn't care how she gets it.
If it helps, you were never gonna get Stacy anyway.
