I should have known. He was short, kinda pudgy, nerdy, and very nervous. Total turnoff. Eww. Only good thing was that he laid for dinner. I ended up ghosting the incel. 
Men like that shouldn't be allowed to live. Men still being virgins shows they aren't even adults, let alone humans. Pathetic.
i know these scenarios are based in reality but i don't understand why men demoralize other men like this.
im a girl you retard. kys disgusting incel before you shoot up some place
women like this exist and are common
women often time get off on rejecting losers in the most brutal and humiliating way, and posting it on social media for her and her friends to laugh at
this is normal in our society
you are coping. huffing on copium like some heroin addict in the streets of Philadelphia. because you cant cope with the truth. and the truth is; this is common and normal
me im saving my semen for someone special (the girl reading this)
i know, i understand it's based on truth but it still makes me sad to see people larp like this.
we should all cheer each other on.
kys fat fucking nigger
yeah, sure, totally bro. Gotta save face when you get called out so that your bait thread still gets hundreds of replies from the exact same thirsty "incels" you're making fun of.
You will never feel the love of a woman. Kill yourself, disgusting racist incel moid.
Quick question for any actual women. What's the deal with not asking for head after work? It's like you know my favorite thing is cunnulingus and it's like no I'm not gonna even bring it up. I made it a point that it's cool if you think you stink a bit and you or I could use a wet wipe first or even shower but nothing. So some women. It's it's just too gross?
There was a study that showed that women who get rejected by an attractive man are actually more likely to raise their standards further and reject average and unattractive men in more brutal and humiliating ways than they would have otherwise. Given the rate at which women get pumped and dumped by Chad these days, normal men basically just exist to pay taxes and get shit on constantly by women.
I never get rejected by attractive men, and they actually treat me nicer than ugly motherfuckers like you. Ugly men are truly garbage.
Nice, so he's not a virgin anymore.
I meant he paid for dinner. Retard. Not my fault this shithole lacks an edit feature.
Your fault for not proofreading, dumbass.
This is bait and it's poor bait at that
Anybody seriously responding to this thread and doing so without realizing they've been tricked should take a long hard look at their life and how they process what they're experiencing
She took me home as a virgin months ago and now I choke her and pull her hair while she moans to fuck her like a little slut. Only bad thing is she's p selfish in bed.
Sure, right until they block you and don't return the calls.
Then you realize he was using you as a disposable onahole.
But oh no, "ugly motherfuckers" like me are big bad meanies for pointing out obvious things to you.
And then eventually we need to be happy with left overs you offer?
Yeah, no.
Fuck off.
Exactly. All the evidence you need to prove that incels would treat women badly given a chance is watch how they treat each other.
I tried dating an ugly guy once thinking he would treat me well. He did nothing but emotionally abuse me and even cheated on me. Meanwhile my tall, muscular, handsome boyfriend treats me like a queen. Kill yourself, virgin.
you are an unloveable trash human
only simp cuckolds would be attracted to you, and absolutely zero women genuinely find such men attractive
you are not worth hitting, not worth choking, you are not worth loving on
at best you will be someone's disposable cumdumpster, and discarded, like the worthless trash that you are
If im so unlovable, why am I engaged to a high value man?
lol. you're posting here for hours at 4am
just lol. truly, you life a happy life to post here for so long at this time
its 5 pm where I am and I am currently stuck sick in bed and also bored
i don't think that's entirely true either.
there's a lot of people here who are either just shitposting or are bitter because they haven't received the kindness/respect they deserve. i'm sure a majority are much more pleasant offline or in one on one conversation.
I don't want to date other men.
Why would I treat them like a woman?
Or did you somehow managed to miss that whole "dimorphic species" part of humanity?
women who experience love and hapiness with someone they are in love with dont spend time shitting on losers on 4chan
they are actually very nice, and kind, and lovely, and pleasant to everyone
its rotten ran through whores like you who dont experience love from men they love that feel the need to shit on everyone. your thinly veiled larp is pathetic, almost as much as your pathetic excuse of a human being
are you in japan or korea?
Seoul. Also my fiance is still at work. I am in a group chat with friends tho
Ugly mysognist incel here, what is your thought on the 1993 SciFi horror film Lawnmower Man? I think it says a lot about the struggles that men and women face when it comes to balancing their personal goals and their relationships, as well as how unfortunate men like Jobe are often taken advantage of and abused by society.
Ah, I see.
And that's why post your crap on r9k- because you're oh so happy with your life.
Suuuuuure.
Next time when writing high fantasy novel, add dragons or vampires- those are popular.
Believe whatever you want. I am living an amazing life with friends who like me and a man who loves me while you sit here touching your disgusting, tiny penis every night. The fact that you can go this long without ever even kissing a woman is a massive blight on you. Please consider suicide before you kill innocent women.
Happy and fulfilled person in action, lol.
You forgot to mention how sane, kind and humble you are.
Does your boyfriend have a BBC?
Anon, you really believe there is a "boyfriend"?
Moid tears are delicious 
My BF is white but he is quite big.
Well sure, she said as much. I just want to know if hes got a bbc so I can goon to the thought later
Incels do not deserve my kindness. They want women like me dead. Or enslaved. Why the fuck should I be nice to them?
oof, a korean girl. you know, i personally fetishize korean girls. i post a lot about them. they're so beautiful it hurts
if korean women are anything like you i think i really should kill myself, because if my ultimate dream girl has your personality, then i dont want to live
imagine having life so easy, and yet still being such a wretched cunt to shit on people worse off than you. the sheer amount of shamelessness and hypocrisy
talking to you is so depressing. what a rotten person, really
wah wah wah, either become a person worth loving or STFU
Moid tears
I laughed so hard reading your posts a small tear indeed formed in one of my eyes. Does it count?
Everyone deserves kindness or indifference (depending on your personality) until proven otherwise.
But sadism against people you don't know anything about, shows what kind of person you trully are. And you can pretend only for so long until that real you starts hurting people close to you.
You people want me dead or want me to be your rape slave because I wont give you access to my pussy. Your people have literally committed murder over this. You deserve nothing but the worst.
What you are doing is called strawmanning, you absolute mouthbreathing retard. Holy shit, you are dirt stupid hahaha. Go read a book or something.
Do you apply this to every group of people (be it sex, race, religion, sexuality, etc.) or only on those that is socially acceptable to shit on?
Men that are virgins are great because you can train them from the ground up to be what you want. Plus they imprint on you if they aren't mentally broken from years of virginity. Sometimes virgins are ungrateful they lose their virginity and immediately are thinking "hmm is she really the best I can get", men like this are failed chads.
Incels as a whole are misogynists that want me dead for not fucking them.
You tell him sister! Honestly, I think these so called "men" (read: worthless incels) should be kept in chastity cages and all times and be made to dress like the little boysissies they are while they get dicked down by the SUPERIOR BWC.
god decides who is that. god gives those he loves everything in life, and he gives robots nothing. truly a merciful god
you dont know what pain and suffering is like. you dont know what it means to be on the verge of life and death
can i stalk you?
can you give me your discord so i can stalk you?
can you add my discord so i can appreciate being around a korean girl with autism?
mageplayer#6015
i idealized korean girls too much in my mind that i turn to a shameless simp around them
Bait, because you would have never dated someone like that in the first place.
Fuck off. I have zero interest in talking to you, moid.
He never mentioned his height in his Tinder profile and his pics didnt show how fat he was.
It's only half their fault.
The other half is that retarded notion among women that man in relationship is more desirable than single man (regardless of what else is going on in their lives).
So when you go out with him, he suddenly starts receiving attention and outright offers.
Something that NEVER happened to him before.
There is only so much temptation that guys whose only experience is one woman can resist until he gives in.
Self control and awareness is important in these cases.
Sadly many men lack it.
Usually bluepilled men aren't aware of this idiotic quirk women have and think they out of nowhere became babe magnets.
Unironically parts of redpill are important for men to know to have stable relationships.
You didn't answer my question.
Now try again.
Do you apply this to every group of people (be it sex, race, religion, sexuality, etc.) or only on those that is socially acceptable to shit on?
No, because unlike incels, most other groups as a whole do not hate women and want me dead or want to rape me.
its just to share my thoughts and feelings. i feel your hatred of incels is entirely unjustified
no need to hate on me, im just a lonely person who is in pain. im not the one making threads making fun of suicidal people
must be nice living life on easy mode
So you talked to him, liked his personality and then once seeing how he looks like irl you dumped him.
Now you're making up excuses why it wasn't his looks that drove you away.
Because we all know it's the men who are the shallow ones, eh?
Also what your "tall handsome and muscular Chad boyfriend" thinks about you going out on a date?
Or is he as made up as your excuses?
I am a nonvirgin, but have a body count of only 1 with a longterm girlfriend 
Is that still a turnoff? Do men NEED to sleep around to be attractive to foids?
Nearly every religion treats women as lesser beings.
Most ideologies often have considerations about exploiting women for sex and procreation.
Most outsider groups either don't care about you or outright hate you and your group.
Now try again.
And THINK before responding this time.
Do you apply this to every group of people (be it sex, race, religion, sexuality, etc.) or only on those that is socially acceptable to shit on?
This was before I met by current BF, dumbass. Also I was bored and decided to go on the date with him. Turned out he was a loser. Oh, well.
Everyone with a brain should collectively shit on incels.
Who gives a fuck
Just live your life and try to make the most of it. Fuck what anyone thinks.
Yeah sure.
You're definitely deep and non-judgmental person.
Totally unlike that strawman of incels and virgin moids you made up.
KEK
Lmao, that's so retarded only a real woman would write this.
Listen, I'm going to keep asking you the same question until you answer it directly and honestly.
Do you apply this to every group of people (be it sex, race, religion, sexuality, etc.) or only on those that is socially acceptable to shit on?
can i have your discord so you can friendzone me and i have a korean girl to talk to?
what series of words do i need to say to get your contacts
christ
I also apply it to extremist Muslims and people who are anti-woman in general.
No. Go away, you little twerp.
Excuse me m'lady, do you happen to have an instagram that I can follow to see cute pictures of you and your bf eating fried dog or whatever?
What if ideology can prove that it's attitude towards women is justified? What if not doing so will lead to worse outcome to society, civilization and species as a whole?
Will you then concede that it's not just "hate", but necessary evil?
Guys tomorrow is kill a woman day. Don't forget to kill a woman tomorrow.
Sarcasm unnecessary.
According to OP every day is "kill a woman" day for virgins.
Because you people are like a freak show. I cannot look away.
Have you considered that like raging racists, you secretly crave that BIC (no not the lighter)?
You know that if you ask nicely that can be arranged, right?
Incels are ugly as fuck. And short. They make my pussy dry.
incels, as the name implies, are involuntarily celibate. what they want is sex, intimacy, and love. they dont get that, and so they start to develop a hated of the outside world, and of people
you would too, if you didnt live life on easymode. life without love is so bleak and dreadful, and you kicking people who are statistically going to commit suicide shows how little shame you have
Has the guy shilling korean men finally panned out into more believable larping? Is that what this is now? 
My in larp response:
What makes your bf a 'high value man' other than that you consider him that?
t.masturbates to "ugly bastard" tag daily
He finally admitted BWC supremacy and trooned out.
Thus this thread, lol
there is no justice in this world. i hate god
i tried learning korean a while ago, but i gave up. i might start at it again
i wish korean women arent as vile as you are
A korean chick with white boyfriend. What's the next destination of her sex tourist companion? And more importantly when is it, cause she ain't coming. 
Also korean women are notoriously obnoxious because their men are all weak as fuck. That's why their birth rate is the lowest in the world. Korean men can't take lead for the life of them. All the women are left on perma self-destruct mode and want to drag everyone down. So my advice to you if you want a korean girlfriend is: be extra strict and abrasive with them.
Anyone here like to have sex with birds
You delusional retards, this was obviously a troll the whole time. The "white boyfriend with a BWC" should've been a dead giveaway, since all white "men" and their TWPs are hand built and crafted by God almighty for that BBC
Yeah, sure, whatever, fuck off!
All women are the same, my friend.
Just stop. These excuses are pathetic. You've been caught, save the effort for the next bait thread where you don't fuck up, this is embarrassing.
You are a retard I wish I could hit you over the head with a coconut in real life for that retarded shit you typed and ended up having me read. 
Women deal with unwanted attention our whole fucking lives starting from when we are 8 years old but men freak tf out and can't handle it and are such sluts
I once had a dream where I received a blowjob from a duck if that counts
Would you date someone like that if he supported you financially? And don't men like that still deserve to have someone?
Same energy.
Stop putting claimed men over single men and start paying attention to good men earlier.
Take responsibility over your retardation and do something about it, instead of blaming men for EVERYTHING.
Women are half of the problem.
It's about time they take their part in the solution.
why are women such cuckqueens? they want some other chick's gross wet hole wrapped around your husband's and the father to your children's phallus? even women that value loyalty, chastity, etc crave their man to at least have prior been disloyal. makes no sense to me desu wa
Maybe you should try to be more attractive. Men are not entitled to sex.
Because a guy who gets bitches is living proof he is not a loser and women like what other women not. It is basic pre-selection and social proof.
yeah, but that's insanely vapid. i'd rather date a chick that was bullied and has nerdy hobbies than some ran through semon demon. maybe society would give me the slightest bit of ridicule, but it'd be worth it for a genuine romance. women only care about how their peers/society at large sees them? probably. quite sad desu. makes sense that all romance that isn't just 
is written/made by men
Maybe you should try to be more nice. Women are not entitled to attention.
That girl is getting a train ran on by frat boy Chads. She despises her equal UNLESS he has Chad-tier looks.
weakest bait in living memory, even the bbc schizos and the trannies are better than you at this
implying most women dont think like the OP
What a loser LOL! Should have avoided the short MANLET! At least he paid my car payments for a year LOL!
Anyway I GHOSTED him, men like that should KILL themselves. VIRGINS aren't human. WORTHLESS!
So I went on a date with a guy who's a VIRGIN!!!!!!!!!!!
What a loser LOL! Should have avoided the short MANLET! At least he paid my car payments for a year LOL!
Anyway I GHOSTED him, men like that should KILL themselves. VIRGINS aren't human. WORTHLESS!
When are we going to realise this shit is effortless bait. You come on here, onto a board known for having the 'unfortunate' on it, and post about some bullshit. Oh me a girl boss dunked on a LOSER INCEL. It's all so obvious. A prerequisite for being normal is not even knowing the existence of r9k, if you come here and actively post, you're not normal. It's that simple. At worst greasy man hands typed this, at best shaved ham beast hands typed this. Oh yeah last week I went on a date with a fat girl, I ghosted her. She should kill herself lmao. Now I'm going to make 500 threads about it and maybe some BBC, JBK, JBW, JBI shit too.
they do but this is obvious bait only a retard would believe this is an actual woman
What pleasure do you get out of this?
yeah, yeah, i know. i meant the romanticising of women in anime/romantic fiction in general. like the manga silent voice; the deaf girl, in real life would have a bodycount of 666+, but it'd be heaven to date the manga version of them despite their flaws. also, just to clarify, there are no girls with nerdy hobbies, just women with surface level knowledge of stuff like warhammer, which is just another way to seduce the attractive men in an untapped sexual market. seriously, find me one woman's MAL account with over 100 days of anime seen, you can't (if you can, you definitely won't find one with over 200 days).
You mean the movie where the deaf girl falls in love with her bully? lmao
yeah, the dude has the choice between the disabled girl and some smoking hot bimbo. while the dude himself is attractive, the point is to say that he picked the girl because of nothing but personality. if a foid wrote the story, it'd be about a girl that bullies an incel alongside chad and then later on gets with chad and continues to bully the incel, the end.
i want to sexually frustrate you to no ends
i will be thinking about work related issues for several hours after work. i only start feeling relaxed after a few hours have passed, ive eaten, showered, enjoyed some free time ... maybe have a glass of wine, had some fun with bf and then when it starts getting dark out i'd love for him to eat me out, fuck and go to sleep
I think involuntary male virgins past the age of 25 should be put in extermination camps
Women are not entitled to protection
im not trying to get eaten out by them
Ugly male virgin incels deserve death.
i have this idea where she just throws her things down and shes like sprawled on the couch with her work shirt still on i just go to town but its like a nighttime only thing. sounds like the same thing for you... a right before bed thing but id like it more
It's good ol' trolling with a dash of crab mentality and general bitterness
It is actually how women think
horrible, spiteful, crooked individual
there is literally no reason to be this ghoulish. i hope negative karma drags you to the pits of despair.
Seethe harder, ugly moid. You will never touch a woman.
I'm not denying that but bringing that shit here is blatant trolling
I don't think so, it's just an honest fembot who doesn't have a real bf giving us her honest opinion tbqhwy
They should offer us assisted suicide. There isnt any hope, just endless suffering.
Then give us assisted suicide options. Literally we just want to he able to exist as normal human beings but you assholes have made this earth hell for us. If you hate us that much for factors we cant even control, fine. At least give us a painless way out.
Literally just throw yourself off of a high rise or something. I am not wasting my tax dollars on you ending your pathetic lives because you refuse to do something about it.
I respect your opinion, but I have to disagree senpai
It just sounds too much like something I'd write while drunk out of my ass and hunting for (You)s
Well its going to use up tax dollars because EMS will have to respond to that. We cant do anything about, we are short and ugly and cant fix those things. Give us a way out, please for the live of christ.
when your firstborn dies horrible know that you deserve it
be careful there, korean femanon. korean girls have some of the highest suicide rates of all females in the world
you shouldnt even be here, this place is for people who have no hope in life
No. Either improve yourself or STFU. There are plenty of free ways to kill yourself. The only people who should entitled to euthanasia are the terminally ill. Not male virgin losers like yourself.
You have no idea how much pain we have to endure. It prevents us from getting our basic needs met. If you had any capacity to feel empathy for others you would let us die peacefully. You hate us and we want to die so its literally a win-win. Imagine a world without us in it. A world with only chads. You dont want that?
alright hole what's your suggestion now?
I mean seriously though I dont think this hole realizes that many of us actually want to die. She has no idea how much we are suffering
my only possible way out of this god forsaken hell is if specifically some bitchy korean girl electrocuted me to death by touching my tiny micropenis with a cattle prod, which would obviously never happen...unless?
