is neetbux even a valid option anymore. 
how long until they start cutting off food, healthcare, neetbux, etc
It will all be about social credit score in future. They will give you the minimum to survive, but with a bad score you will not be able to buy things, have a bank accout, go online, buy train or flight tickets, have a car ... life on bad score will be like prison, you have a bed and food and that's it.
r u talking about the US? I'm euro so idk
that's been a concern of mine
they increased my rent recently but my neetbux don't go up to compensate.
they even took away some of my food money.
so government good boy points. tendies included?
Good.
luckily my area has apartments capped at 30% of income
In some countries, it never was. Here neetbux is like 300eur per month, which is not even enough for the bills and electricity. Just enjoy what you can get
yeah, i managed to get into a housing program but even i'm not safe.
i want to find a fellow hikineet to live with and split costs
Even in my part of Europe, there is a low-level war against NEETs, with increased persecution. Now 'bux-ers are not given the dignity of choice and are being railroaded into interviews and jobs they are not suited to. Wagies are taught to hate and resent us, though many are jealous as fuck.
That said, I do have a lot of hope for UBI happening here someday. Turned out that the greedy profiteering elites broke capitalism for good by outsourcing everything of value to Red Chinese slaves, so no-one else can compete with them and also make money. Given the sheer amount of jobs and industries lost to Red China and automation, unemployment will get worse and they will be forced to give everyone money, or have mass-riots/homelessless/starvation. Good. They will reap what they sow. Turned out that a lot of people are autists who cannot work these leftover service jobs. They should have listened to Keynes and cut back the work week to 15 hours, as it should have happened with the dawn of computers. It's either UBI and a short work week, or we all turn into jumpsuited slaves (for Amazon/CCP), as in Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Yes, and for every booster you get bonus points.
ubi aint what you think
UBI will be the last nail in the coffin of freedom. When the people are fully dependent on state money, they will all be obedient in fear of the state. Imagine a world where your money get reduced to 50% for 3 months because you posted "hate spech" on the internet.
ai will make you a useless leech as well, you fucking moron. ai will make all humans neet\
all of us will be humbled by super intelligent ai
lol sure. I'll always have a job bud.
The government locked everyone indoors for months and nobody did shit. If freedom ever existed, it's long dead. The only rights you have are the ones the oligarchs are letting you have for now.
AI can already diagnose illnesses more accurately than human doctors. All we need is an advancement in robotics, and medical jobs are fucked.
dude, ai is going to take over ALL jobs. literally everything
EVERYONE is going to be a unemployable neet
you know those normies who brag about making a lot of money and living the good life?
soon they will be no better off financially than a 40 year old lifelong hikikomori neet autist loser
the great reset is a lesson in humility, for everyone. im sure i will be made homeless because of it
Everyone should just commit suicide at the same time
The ideal solution but normalfaggots would never
how the FUCK do i fucking get neetbux
All you lazy NEETs messed around and continue to mess around, so you got yourself into this situation. You have no one to blame but yourselves. You should be homeless. You reap what you sew. You chose this and you need to be taught a lesson. I'm going to do everything in my power to withhold NEETbux from you and get you all registered on a list with the same level of shame as the sex offender registry. I want people to actively harass and disrespect you.
