why do zoomers all seem so retarded? 
i mean literally. they can barely talk and slur their words, they all act exactly the same, they all have retarded dead looks in their eye. 
they are not human
Social isolation. Their parents were too overworked to raise them.
Yeah.
TV and (later) internet raised them.
Thus the results.
They all live in their heads 
Zoomers are the embodiment of "that came out better in my head" 
also
reddit spacing 
you don't get to judge them, nigger
Zoomer reporting in, socially retarded because of exactly this. Was always told I had infinite potential and to just be nice to everyone and that everything would fall into place
they all have retarded dead looks in their eye
Imagine being 11 years old watching your favorite cartoon character on TV and going down a rabbit hole on the internet five minutes latter seeing them getting bukakked by a bunch of BBCs, wouldn't you be dead in the eyes too? Imagine being a little zoomie watching gay Spongebob and Patrick scat porn, wouldn't that weigh on your conscience? I mean give us a break, will ya? We have been exposed to some weird shit and haven't had a healthy amount of human interaction in our formulative years to balance it all out.
t. zoomer
most of us got sent to daycare when we were little since our moms were heckin liberated and got jobs. an entire generation has had black women screaming at them since they were toddlers, it should be no surprise they have mental issues even if they had technology restrictions
no there is something deeply genetically wrong with them
Yup. Barely have any memories of any sort of maternal care whatsoever because of dead mom and liberated feminist grandmother and beta house husband grandfather. Raised by the computer and spent all my time alone in my room growing up. Guess the office job was more important right? That empowerment right? 
And then they ask you why you know nothing and can't do anything by yourself. Like you're supposed to learn all of it alone
nah you guys are just whine asses we all had problems
Were you also on a headmeds or were you one of the lucky ones that avoided it?
Luckily my boomer grandparents hated any sort of drugs or alcohol so no, never. Was just hypnotized by the TV and internet and my library of books
an entire generation has had black women screaming at them since they were toddlers
Does it made you less or more racist?
I know I probably would start hating nigs with a fire of a thousand suns if that was my first interaction with them.
Raised online 
Instagram etc and your online success was important even in school 
Always easy to cheat tests or homework
Distractions all over the damn place 
Doomed from the start, I feel sorry for most of them. I was born 92, and we didnt have phones until I was like 14 and even then it was just shitty texting on flip ones. 
I cant imagine having teenage life with fucking follower counts and online cliques being part of it all.
Oh also we got fucked by gen X people thinking that we just needed university and then we would have good careers and lives, zoomers have that too but worse I think.
give me free guns or you're a commie
Ha that's literally me at work, i'm 19 and i'm as Autistic as it comes
This
It's the chemicals in all the food and the water and all that shit
People who weren't exposed to it in their formative and developmental years might have some resistance but these fucks have basically been poisoned by it since they were in the womb
if I am working with someone that I know is gonna work on their birthday , I will go out of my way to bring them a cake into work and a present , working your birthday sucks.
library of books
You shall kill yourself with death
You guys say that zoomers are retarded, yet your explanations for why so expose us to The truth: most humans are retarded. Some just some with confidence included.
why do zoomers all seem so retarded?
My parents weren't home from 7 am to 10 pm and I had a computer in my room since my first year on this earth.
this
plus alot of us cook our brains on drugs
im hopelessly addicted to weed and i can feel it destroying my brain but i just dont care anymore
probably going to die soon either from suicide or my failing health
im ugly too so its not like i ever had a chance anyway
Why? Being educated without normalfags is wrong? You're a bitter fucking faggot
