27 years old
heres where it gets mean,
got out of the army last year
heres where it gets mean,
do nothing but lift and read Dostoyevsky, in pretty good shape, have pretty much given up on women cuz IM socially shy...just wanna go monk mode
heres where it gets mean,
not an incel about it, literally just dont even think about sex much since dating a girl who wanted to fuck like 3x a day, and tie her up and do sick shit to her(That I straight up didnt enjoy, I literally just wanted to watch Chobits and hold hands), and was just too much for me made the idea of sex make me wanna puke desu
heres where it gets mean,
get a job as a phlebotomist at a local hospital , like it a lot feels good to be helping people(the only other jobs ive had are construction and the military)
heres where it gets mean,
all the qt nurses tell me how sweet I am, I make a very big effort not to hit on them or stare at them or anything
heres where it gets mean,
What the FUCK is this shit?
I feel like they are literally trying to bait me into befriending them so they can bully me and make fun of me more.
Im almost 30, ex-infantry, pretty fucking shredded(no homo), and thought I had outgrown by beta upbringing but turns out im still just a bitch getting bullied by a fucking 5 foot tall teenager just like in high school
oh and some other chick keeps giving me her bannans to peel for her idk if shes making fun of me or just autistic and weak
Theres no way i just read this .
Just befriend one and marry her idk.
Sounds like reality imitates fiction desu
Honestly army didn't teach me shit but get angry easily. It didn't make me tough
stopped reading right there
pseudointellectual midwit.
have the same problem at work, its once they realize you want to be left alone they home in on you like sharks. Same happened to me, though i can imagine they genuinely like you more though cause youre cute and in good shape. Me? i pushed one out of the way when she tried to get in my way. everyone freaked out abit but didnt get a follow up luckily. also i changed shifts so i dont see those people anymore thank god
seem like a nice guy though, i think you could get a girl if you went for it
They're just having fun since they realize they have power over you even though you're a big guy, I don't mean 'power' in a malicious way though. The girl giving you her bananas probably like you btw. Also not every girl is a sex fiend like the 3x girl you mentioned, many want to hold hands and shit. Lastly, nurses are notorious for being hoes, so tread carefully, though I'm sure there are a few gems. 
Honestly anon, it seems like you're in a great position to get tons of pussy. You said it yourself, you have all the ingredients except for social skills. Time to start grinding those skills out before it's too late and you regret wasting 27-34 not having romances while you were surrounded by women in their prime flirting with you.
phoneposter
How can a man face literal death and still be afraid of women? Also I've seen this posted here before.
