Kidology sisters.... :(
i hate that annoying little shit and her pseudo intellectual videos
Yeah I think everyone is alone now, world is pretty destroyed
only men can be lonely
paparazzi snaps pic of celebrity chad taking phone call with messy hair
Wow... who knew they were just like robots?!?!
Daily reminder that Kidology is literal GODDESS
you will never serve Goddess Kidology
she will never mock your inceldom while she's out on her weekly dates
she will never force you to clean her up after a long fuck session with her BVLLs
this is what happens when you allow your society to be run by people who can only 'subvert' what's around them and are incapable of creating anything
I think black women should date asian men. They look really cute together.
And a lot of black women are secretly thirsty for Asian men. But they never approach Asian guys because they think all Asian men are racist, which isnt actually true. Some of the happiest couples I have seen are AMBF couples.
Both Asian men and black women are underappreciated.
I'm white but I NEED a tomboy latina gf
i love see her perform mental gymnastics so she's considered an incel. she even told a story where a guy came onto her and she demonised him and men in general for only caring about sex.
she's not even an ugly foid, she seemingly has no confidence issues talking to others on camera, she's such a poser lmao.
tfw black/lightskin bitches are never a thing in cuck idealogy
MORE REPRESENTATION NOW!!!
Everyone deserves love, regardless of race. 
Asian robots should just get a sweet black gf who cooks them Chinese soul food.
this stupid whore is STILL b8ing this femcel shit? God I hate women so fucking much. I can't believe she has an audience that genuinely enjoys listening to literal nonsense for 20+ mins straight.
i would 100% date a black girl as i find them very cute and attractive facially. i am also an ass man. unfortunately most of the black women in my area are overweight. but i would date a healthy bmi black girl in a heartbeat.
t. chinese robot
Why do black women infiltrate incel spaces so often? The moderator of r/braincels was also an obese black chick.
Built for Korean cock, black women worship the Korean bull. They take all the best black women
There are lots of slim nerdy black girls with a deep interest in Asian culture waiting to be asked out. Dont give up. A lot of black women dream of having blasian babies too, since Blasians are considered highly attractive in the black community.
a weeb black girl liked me in high school. she was cute, gothy and wore fishnets, listened to visual kei, would always try to sit next to me and offer to share her ear buds with me so we could listen to music together in class. would catch her staring at me intently. i fucked up cuz i was too autistic to realize she liked me -_-
Because only black girls can be robots.
I don't care about black women because of their loudness and their wildness before I talk about their looks.
I believe she would have liked to have a more Korean or Japanese person than you. Most of the black women I know who prefer Asian men were nerds who were attracted to South Korea and Japan and their things.
NTA but. Black women dont care what nationality you are as long as you are attractive. They dont obsess over dumb shit like that.
They didn't even have Chinese and Southeast Asian food because they thought it was dirty. They only bought imported sweets from South Korea and Japan. Nerds do nerd things.
boardgaming wasn't black
no they do
they live in an American bubble and think everyone is an ultranormie who loves rap and typical American culture that is full of black celebrities and if you are unaware of or disinterested in it they think "you a lame ass nerd".
unless you are a normie at the every least you have no chance with black girls.
i don't hate black people 
i love black music and african american humor 
i respect some black athletes
but as a south korean boy, i don't think black girls have any attraction as female
just in my head, a black girl is always shouting about the four letter word and getting angry and fighting with someone
i'm scared of black girls
Why are you scared of black girls?
i have never seen a calm, quiet, feminine black girl in real life
one of my middle school native english teachers was a black woman from chicago who was the loudest female i knew and always joked too much
and.. she was pretty huge (obese)
You are not Korean.
i am
i live in seoul 
there are many black international students from america and canada because there are many colleges near my neighborhood
i'm 178cm, 63kg slender, so i've often seen black girls who seemed like they weighed more than me
Prove you are Korean then.
i want to write hangul but i cant 
because hangul is not ascii
Post a timestamp then next to hand and something which proves you are in Korea
What a fucking bore
