I've never been this lonely
I'm reaching new grounds of hopelessness
You should go on tinder, there are lots of good looking women on there!
it's going to be okay fren.
one day we'll make it
hold on
i thought i had finally found someone who really made me feel like i had a place i could belong and be at ease but i fucked it up because i'm a coomer retard and now he wont even talk to me
it's all my fault i completely deserve it whenever we would talk it would edge towards horny
he was and is on my mind all the time but never just because of horny i genuinely loved everything about him
but he must have thought i just wanted in his pants
i only wanted that because i don't know what else i even offered him and wanted to at least try and make him feel as good as he made me feel
now i'm left with just the memories and pictures while i try and resist stalking his social media
I've been feeling lonely a lot too, maybe not the the lonest I've ever, felt but lonelier than I have felt in a very long time. Sometimes it hits bad but most of the time I'm okay with it, I got no one but it's always been like that.
It do be like that. I tried to get to know someone who shared my kind of niche interest. They ended up ghosting me. First time I ever got to meet someone like that and try to get to know them better. The only other person I was really talking to is seemingly ghosting me right now(but I suspect he's just not doing so well and doesn't want to socialize). Things suck.
I feel you
I just want somebody who matters
I just wanna matter to somebody.
And have somebody to be physically affectionate with.
physical affection is a trap. don't fall for it.
I been live for 119 hours over at kick.com/leafy. you can join the stream if you're feeling lonely
How? I don't see anything wrong with it.
imagine if someone only ever wanted to hug you. worse : only ever wanted to fantasize about cuddling you, without ever actually talking to you.
I'm not saying I don't want other things, I'm saying I just want physical affection too.
I don't really care much about sex.
 only ever wanted to fantasize about cuddling you, without ever actually talking to you.
So a stalker?
I've come to a point where i have a mental breakdown every weekend. In the last year i got a good job, joined gym, lost 20 pounds, finished degree and still i can't find anyone, it feels so hopeless
I've been lonely this whole year but recently the sadness has turned into a strange type of motivation and now I wake up early every morning getting jacked and reading greek philosophy
