Working at an amazon delivery station is making me suicidal. I think about killing myself and general voilent homicidal thoughts every shift and yesterday when I got home I got my shotgun out to kill myself. The only thing that stopped me from loading it was I got a notification on my phone that I could take today off. 
It's nightmare torture hell but I'm taking advantage of their free college so if I quit I give that up. It doesn't help that the rest of my life is hell too (gf-less friend-less incel)
I am utterly trapped with no way out and it's fucking OVER
Don't kill yourself, I'm expecting an important package on Monday
Sounds about right.
you shouldn't have been racist
that notification was too perfectly timed 
hold out for a few more months. I think you are about to get your glownigger GF
Can you explain the logic of posting this whiny shit instead of just finishing what you started?
Sometimes depressed people just need someone to tell them their daily routine, it's enough for someone to at least listen or get a single reply to make them (us) feel better.
But that's not something you could relate to you normie scum, just leave this board
it's still shocking to me how the most "prosperous" country in the world makes education such a pain for it's citizens that they are going as far as selling their soul to the corporations for it
don't give up yet, and remember that you are not alone in this nightmare
Sometimes depressed people just need someone to tell them their daily routine,
No they don't, they're weak and they want to whine. If you need emotional support, get it from people in real life. If you have no people in real life, shoot yourself.
it's enough for someone to at least listen or get a single reply to make them (us) feel better.
No, it shits up the board and actual scientific research shows a that whining, venting, and wallowing in depression only makes you feel worse.
Go back to /r/braincels. Or if you want to really feel better, load that gun and finish the job.
If you need emotional support, get it from people in real life
i see you don't know what depression
"yeah bro just get some help even if you cant talk or look someone in the eye bro its that easy just call the number bro make an appointment brah"
No, it shits up the board and actual scientific research shows a that whining, venting, and wallowing in depression only makes you feel worse.
you do realize you're on r9k, right? a board filled with depressed incels, right? shouldn't you be at /fit/ or some shit?
ok forget /fit/ you're clearly underage so you idk what you're doing here, go watch twitch, xqc will probably boot up his stream soon so you can spam his subbed emotes
How much longer is college? Isn't that light at the end of the tunnel?
i see you don't know what depression
I'm bipolar, I know what it's like to be depressed.
"yeah bro just get some help even if you cant talk or look someone in the eye bro its that easy just call the number bro make an appointment brah"
I gave you another option, to shoot yourself Instead you continue to whine.
you do realize you're on r9k, right? a board filled with depressed incels, right? shouldn't you be at /fit/ or some shit?
I'm here to help incels beat both the rat race and the dating market with self-inflicted gunshots to the head. I'll move on to /fit/cels when this board is showing improvement.
You're the one dependent on imageboard for emotional support. Maybe you should touch grass? That or just shoot yourself. Better just shoot yourself to be safe.
i'm not even OP dude, you're telling a random guy you never met irl to pull the trigger.
i agree some people don't deserve to live, the world would be a better place without them.
but in this case, it's not OP, it's you.
and since you're bipolar and probably support #woke and #lgbt bullshit, i really hope you will pull the trigger at some point.
OP if you're still here, i don't care how cringe this may sound, call your parents and tell them you love them.
i'm done here
So why use /r9k/ as your personal hugbox? Just like the other Anon, all you're gonna get are others rooting you on to go through with it, but you're gonna whine, attention whore and chicken out anyway
i agree some people don't deserve to live, the world would be a better place without them.
Yeah, incels.
but in this case, it's not OP, it's you.
I'm happy to die as soon as this board is cleaned of incels - I mean as soon as all of my incel friends are safe and happy in the afterlife.
and since you're bipolar and probably support #woke and #lgbt bullshit, i really hope you will pull the trigger at some point.
So much for you having the moral high ground. Do you enjoy making people suffer because of stuff they can't control? Me too, I just happen to hate incels the way you hate faggots.
OP if you're still here, i don't care how cringe this may sound, call your parents and tell them you love them.
He should also tell him goodbye and then pull the trigger, too.
Make sure to shoot yourself, too, on the way out.
Because some people have no one else
OP here I haven't even started it. You have to work at amazon for 6 months basically to even be eligable to start so I can only start May 1st
that said I have some previous college so with what I can transfer I am 35% done with my degree.
Still though that is years of work stuck in my shithole hometown doing online college working a nightmare job totally alone. All for a future where I am still going to be lonely and miserable even if I get a better job thourgh this. I have no hope for the future and I doubt I'll even be able to finish this. The only escape form 80 years of torture and pain is suicide
You sound like a massive faggot. Originally
I have to fap literally anytime I scroll past this pic
You are bipolar my guy, your brain cannot even consistently bind serotonin during dopaminurgic functions.
You dont have a personality because of it, you are fkn fleeting, and you go and tell a stranger you have never seen or talked to irl to kill themselves?
Like actually grow the fuck up
You are bipolar my guy, your brain cannot even consistently bind serotonin during dopaminurgic functions.
Yep.
You dont have a personality because of it, you are fkn fleeting, and you go and tell a stranger you have never seen or talked to irl to kill themselves?
Telling people to kill themselves may be hostile but's undeniably a personality. Do you have bipolar confused for something bland?
I'll grow up just as soon as incels demonstrate they can. Until then, it's suicide all day every day until you are gone.
I think the whole point of posting what OP did is to get a comment like yours. 
So that he can see how low he is getting and that he should stop being a bitch, finish college and just go on with a happy life.
Comments like yours are what make or break people.
I hope for OP that he will get his degree, find a good, high income job and enjoy the result of his hard work, cuz peace has always as much value as the struggle you put up to achieve it
Nah alright, imma just decide you are baiting/trolling in your free time since you replied that fast.
Have a good one lol
Nah alright, imma just decide you are baiting/trolling in your free time since you replied that fast.
I'm obviously trolling. What kind of monster would go around and tell people to kill themselves without a layer of irony for protection?
You too.
Just try to endure it since you're using them for college or try to get a trade job.
Women really do "love" a man in uniform. Use them the same way they use you.
