Let's say you have a gf. She walks in with her friend dressed like this and tells you they're about to go to the club. What do you do?
Break up with her for trying to go out and fuck orcas
Bring them over for a talk and explain to them that I have a white cuck black bull fetish so they can be more open about it with me and promise to send videos of them getting fucked by black guys with degrading texts
I'm on day 4 of nofap. this image is the devil seducing me. fapping is ruining my life. I will not seccumb to this. I will not seccumb to you. thread hidden. 
but just in case i unhide it later, post more
You already know who she belongs to. You already know who she is "only" for. Come on. Break it.
Damn, Racial breeding fetish might just be the only fetish that's main problem is that it's boring 
what the fuck do you even get out of it?
nofap is retarded
break it
they get to feel like they're opposing racism or some bullshit
you're retarded
tells you they're about to go to the club
First of all "telling" instead of "asking" is the problem number one.
Number two is "club" part
Number three is her friend having no taste
Last (but not the least) is her friend being proud race traitor. And I know damn well she will not rest till she can spread her retardation to someone else (like vegans or ecocultists do). Despite my warning she is still friends with that cunt. And now they all of a sudden are going partying regardless without asking me do go together? Yeah, I know how much is 2 plus 2.
So what do?
The moment they leave, I pack my shit, call friend to get a place to crash for a couple weeks (till I can find new place) and leave keys in a mailbox.
Block her from everything.
She didn't listen when I talked.
Now I won't listen.
Fuck them into submission.
I would never date someone that has or currently goes to a club 
Straight up cheating on you
While drunk and dressed like a slut.
Hmmmmmmm...
just sexy meat for bbc
they get to feel like they're opposing racism or some bullshit
Is this true?
Yes. So retarded that I loop back around to being smart
Do you like the sexy bbc's in picrel?
it would mean she doesnt care for me and doesnt love me
basically the relationship is over, and were just pretending
thats fine, but its over. worthless roastie
I have so many questions to ask her, I wouldn't even know where to begin.
same, Anon.
you said everything that's needed to be done in this situation.
Ask her to film her encounters during the night for god-tier fap material.
mock her relentlessly, what even the fuck is that outfit. Like I know I don't get fashion, but holy shit that is the dumbest looking thing I have seen in a while
