Moving should be considered a form of child abuse. Even if it was in a justified circumstance why did you have a kid when you know you didn't have the funds to raise them in a comfortable environment?
Moving should be considered a form of child abuse. Even if it was in a justified circumstance why did you have a kid when you know you didn't have the funds to raise them in a comfortable environment?
By that logic having children is a form of child abuse because you can't garuntee that aliens won't invade tomorrow and blow them up. Children have put up with more shit than your fragile ass can imagine and have come out fine.
Yeah, moving in 7th grade ruined my life. I try not to act like it, but the second move my parents made after I graduated and moved out lead to their divorce
moving is just hard on a group. it should be for individuals only.
I blame moving as the first steppingstone from normie but still a bit shy to full on neet robot.
Yeah I guess it is kinda an anti-natalist argument. I don't really care because I hate my life but I wouldn't mind if I was never born.
Yeah I guess it is kinda an anti-natalist argument. I don't really care because I hate my life but I wouldn't mind if I was never born.
I don't mean this as some kind of attack, but if your life is miserable why would you choose to whine on 4chan, which will only make you feel worse, instead of just hanging yourself and never feeling any pain ever again? It must be some part of human nature I don't understand, but it seems like when people having nothing left to live for, instead of doing the sensible thing they seemed determined to bother random internet strangers with their highly specific traumas.
Very cute ball python. That's not an albino, is it?
Yes yes, it's cute. It's albino?
having children is a form of child abuse
Yes. Precisely.
Life just feels stagnant for me. Not good enough for me to say I'm proud but also not shit enough for me to kill myself. Also I do have family and some friends on discord who would be sad. Also complaining is fun lol
Idk I found it on the internet.
Idk I found it on the internet.
Ah well, The other kind of pigment issue would be axanthic but usually those ones look more like pic related.
Do you know a lot about snakes? What's your favorite morphs?
Yes. Precisely.
In most cases I agree with you. I just don't have a way to stop it.
Life just feels stagnant for me. Not good enough for me to say I'm proud but also not shit enough for me to kill myself. Also I do have family and some friends on discord who would be sad. Also complaining is fun lol
Complaining has completely ruined the internet. Let me be the one to give you the encouragement you need to finally rope. Your life, this board, the whole world will be better off without one more miserable loser shitting up discussion spaces.
I tend to know a lot about biology and stuff, but not really much about morphs. Honestly the kinds of herp pets that I'd want would be salamanders. I have a big folder of various species... Pic related is a southern dwarf siren. They're full aquatic and only have their front two arms. Do you like snakes though, OP? Do you have a favorite morph?
Do you like snakes though, OP?
Yes of course.
Do you have a favorite morph?
No I don't think I know enough about morphs to say I have a favorite.
Oh god, that snake seems so familiar -- I even remember that it has keeled scales.
No I don't think I know enough about morphs to say I have a favorite.
I see, do you have a favorite snake species? Do you know a lot of snake species?
Ah! I remembered, it's a pit viper, right?
Vipers seem cool. And hooded cobras are cool. But again don't know too much to have a fave.
Ah, you might like this video at least of a snake near where I live. Huge, seemingly quite nice and amazing predators. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDzC3PkY_qU [Embed]
Ah ok I'll be sure to watch it anon!
Hope you enjoy it, rubber boas are super cool too. Cute and harmless and they feel like their name suggests.
