Tired of seeing constant posts about 'how do I meet femcels?' etc so I'm making this post.
I've been dating a qt 3.14 femcel from Belarus for the past 2 years, and have lots of them as friends for more than 4 years ago, I will share what I learnt on my journey.
It really isn't that hard if you try.
First off let's set hard limits:
virginity
Now this is going to filter out most of the 'femcels' you see online. So you have to be lax.
Most femcels were abused/coerced into having sex, so they aren't absolute virgins.
But, I usually don't filter those out, because it's just rape. just watch out for women who *did* have consensual sex before, as they're just lonely attention whores.
physique
This depends on how good you look yourself, your type of build and also what type of female you're lurking for. Take advantage of the fact that you're not face to face to hide your bad parts.
Ex: Have a bad jawline? Just send pics/vids in angles where you can't tell.
Have greasy hair? Use a hat.
Are a manlet/short-skinny build? Look for a woman who lurks shota sites.
Etc. Etc.
Try to train/build muscle too, women usually like that, unless ur a manlet, then just go full shota physique (skinny, no facial hair, good skincare, et cetera)
Above all, let her personality become the hardest of filters.
Personally, I like introverted girls who are into corny visual novels like danganronpa or otome games.
And, NEVER approach a femcel who is too mentally ill (depression anxiety and autism are common and ok, but if she has BPD or ASPD just RUN; you can never trust a bipolar or a sociopath.)
cont.
Now onto the actual finding:
4chan
This is an ez place to find it, just go on /b/ or random interest threads like /vg/ or /x/ you might come across them.
Be CAREFUL with catfishes, ALWAYS ask for pic w/timestamp after you get her socials
discord
Lotsa femcels and femlosers here. But be warned, femcels here are NOT used to 4chan culture, and are probably more so woke and the like. There's also lots of underage people here, BE VERY CAREFUL as you don't want to catch an FBI nigger on your door.
Just lurk through discord servers. Femcels are usually attention whores but they don't actually post that much. They usually have edgy profiles with weird font names and anime profile pictures. Catfishes less common but still keep caution. Discord people are usually less comfortable with sharing pics.
reddit
This is the most tedious one. You literally have to click on every low-karma account you come across (minus the ones that explicitly say they're female, as they are probably not) and determine by yourself if they're female or not. If anything, do NOT ask em directly if they're female, socialize a bit, become their friends, let their gender come across sporadically. Careful with trannies though, but those should be easy to tell apart.
cont.
Okay, now you've set your own standards and know how to find them, good luck. Here are a few more tips:
don't be too idealistic
Most femcels are from the South U.S, West Asia, Eastern Europe, or Latin America. No you will not find a pure aryan princess here, at least not in a long time. In 4+ years of femcel hunting I've only found 2 west europeans and 1 east asian (korean to be precise.) Almost all femcels are also below average in looks.
don't be too creepy
Femcels can be creepy, only be creepy yourself if they are first. Don't bring your fetishes early on unless you've met them through a fetish place OR they've done it.
be charismatic
Be charismatic, act like Chad, have confidence even if you actually hate yourself. Femcels wet themselves before the image of a charismatic incel. Unless said femcel has a mommy fetish or some shit. Your call at the end of the day, but 'tis a general rule.
be careful
Catfishes and glowies are everywhere. DON'T overshare, especially identifying info, and DON'T send any compromising things until you confirm that the femcel is, indeed, a femcel.
be loving
The most important rule of all. Actually love your pet femcel. If you don't like her, let her know, and let her go. If you like her, take care of her, never cheat on her (even online counts) and never lie to her. If she gets too possessive/yanderish for your liking, get OUT. but if you're into that never fight her back and let her see everything.
That's all from me. Have any questions? Just ask away, I'll be here for a bit lol. We'll all make it robots.
BPD
bipolar
Stopped reading.
 Be charismatic
Gg here, tho im confident, i cant bother being nice and normal with a femcel (or anyone else for that matter) online. Just too annoying and exhaustive.
Tho im fine being an incel
Getting riches is way more important than chasing bitches.
Only bitches that are worth are ones that I could slave around and have mostly a onesided relationship
Im here as a failed normie because I have nobody in real life. Talking to femcels would just make me sad
Sorry, I know nobody asked
I am retarded, but you should never trust neither a bipolar or a BPD person lmao
that's ok anon, lots of the tips here work for picking up normie lonely/misfit girls as well (just ignore the "filter out non-virgins" part)
good mindset about chasing riches and not bitches, But I make this list of tips for people who are obsessed with getting laid, like I was at once.
Understandable, it is a really good group of tips anon, but I doubt it would help many incels here cause they are incels exactly because they are too creepy, insecure and/or idealistic
Nevertheless I applaud you for the quality and effort of this post!
fair enough, thank you for the support, but I do hope it helps at least one incel here get a gf some day
bump fur visi
Thanks anon. 
Your post is not posted on vein.
/x/
Have you actually managed to get something done there?
yeah, met a couple fems there, they're really hard to find in comparison to /b/ for example, but they're there.
hope the post helps you anon, best of luck&amp;virtue
why would you want to meet a femcel incels are the most annoying people on earth do you think giving them a pussy makes them more tolerable no if that were the case trannies would be cool
basically this entire guide is about being tolerable. and it's made for incels not you so fuck off.
Also if you think that trannies count as pussy you should off yourself
is it worth playing danganronpa just because Junko's design is extremally appealing to me? I love girls who look sweet and seductive yet scary and evil.
i've been doing inceldom far longer than you young man
None of those girls, including any gf you've ever had, are femcels, they're just attention whoring normalfags.
What kind of threads are you looking for on /b/?
I am often on /a/, /x/ and here. Have not been on /b/ or /pol/ in a long time.
It seemed to me /pol/ is just a cesspool of garbage span, and /b/ always seemed like it is even worse. But maybe times have changed and now /b/ is actually good? I will go there and see
the t50 trannynigger is seething that it will never be a real woman
