Does anyone else feel like they don't fall in neither the normalfag or nerd category? Like you kinda smudged in-between and can't relate to neither side? Normalfags treat me like a nerd meanwhile nerds treat me as if I'm a normalfag.
nerd
What the fuck is this, 1990? That could be either normalfag or incel. It's not a socially relevant term anymore, you fucking retarded nigger.
Oh shut up you fucking retard millennial. You know what I mean. Nerds, weebs, ect.
You stupid faggot. The opposite of "normalfag" was never "incel" until you retards arrived. A decade ago you didn't even exist. Kill yourself
THIS!!!! So much this. Thank you.
Your ring finger is longer than your index finger
They're normalfags then. They're ugly as piss but they're very extraverted and if they're lucky they can get laid with disgusting smelling cosplay girls at gay reddit conventions.
They're normalfags then.
Whatever man, I'm talking about nerds who are into video games, comic books, japanese anime and shit like that I'm generalizing here but you know what I mean holy fuck man. Can I get back on topic if anyone else feels the same??? You fucking autistic bitch.
I'm talking about nerds who are into video games, comic books, japanese anime and shit like that
I know. Those are called reddit normalfags, which are lower than instagoy normalfags in terms of looks. Still insufferable to be around though. Anyone who consumes (((Japanese))) media fell for the jewish psy-op anyways
Anyone who consumes (((Japanese))) media fell for the jewish psy-op anyways
I know. Those are called reddit normalfags
You call them that though. And only you. So what you're saying is false.
That's literally what they are. Anime discussion is irrelevant on 4chan now when compared with politics. And the weeb subculture has been hijacked by liberal wokeness and women respecting faggots from reddit.
yeah it really sucks
in my entire life ive never found a place where i felt like i belong
not here or anywhere
i am alone on this barren earth
You're absolutely delusional. There's still plenty of piece of shit losers like you who have no lives and still love nerdy shit like video games and anime. There's tons of people like you out there. Just at the top of the Canyon it looks like it's mainstream because of all the good looking OnlyFans girls who also like anime as well and all the big tiddied cosplay girls.
Whatever. I'm bored of this argument and don't feel like responding. So I'm just going to summarize my opinion in one word:
Nigger
That's called a 'cyborg', in old /r9k/ terms. Assuming by nerd you mean robot.
Fascinating. I've been browsing for a long time on and off for years maybe I didn't browse enough /r9k/
yeah it's called being a robot ya idiot what did you think we were all doing here?
congrats, you're autistic like everyone else here.
you dont fit in anywhere and you have no social group. everyone keep you at an arms length. intimacy and emotional connection are foreign concepts you long for. 
Robot.
