Do guys seriously do all this shit just to attract women? How can you maintain any authenticity in your life if you have to change literally everything about yourself to attract a mate?
care to give an example? im interested what you mean. also how old are you?
They are normalfags
OP needs to understand they don't have hobbies that aren't dictated by their social circle.
If they can't gain social status by doing it, why would they bother? Their existence revolves pleasing others to be accepted. Changing their life to fit in is as normal as brushing their teeth, they don't even hesitate.
Do guys seriously do all this shit just to attract women?
Yes
They're NPCs and lack that level of self-reflection, as long as they're well-received by society everything is fine
People stop caring about "maintaining authenticity" when doing so results in them being a KHHV virgin. Your only choices are attempt to try and become Chad, or rot as an incel.
just get a haircut bro
borderline irrelevant for women, but still, is having ugly greasy hair such a big part of your identity?
just stop wearing glasses bro
yeah, thats retarded advice, never heard it tho
just get plastic surgery bro
never heard it from normies, faggots here are another story
just get rich bro
again, not from normies, but from pua redpill retardd
just get leg lengthening surgery bro
same as above
just go to the gym three times a week bro
great advice, physical activity is very important, also would you want a fat ugly girl?
just give up your "uncool" hobbies bro
never heard it, but i can give you that depending on a hobby normies can think that
just maintain a wide social circle bro
good advice, social circle is important
just move to the big city bro
good advice, its much harder if you live in a shithole also why wouldnt you wanna move?
mens fashion i extremaly easy, you can wear decently looking clothes that are very comfortable and not very expensive, why are you so adamant on being a marvel tee wearing faggot?
overall its either decent advice or youre making shit up. you dont have to change your personality, just adjust it a little. also your mini rant wasnt about effectivness of said advice (which is largely dependant on looks), so im not gonna go there.
Inb4 >reddit spacing
suck my dick, thats normal regular spacing to separate my thoughts
That's a lie. If you're an introverted male who wants to date women you have to forcibly change your personality (unless you're rich or extremely good looking).
you have to understand that neurotypicals never had any of that to begin with, and do these things automatically
Literally: REAL.
Marry a woman that actually likes you for YOU, so that you can actually live a life together
and to add to this: if you don't do all these things automatically neurotypicals will assume you're a disgusting freak who deserves to die alone like >>73062991 this poster implies
Not self improving and beeing urself aren't the same thing. If you tie your sense of identity to being a degenerate, then you already lost unless you're good looking, in which case you don't need to self improve to get a gf.
What if you never find somebody who likes you? Even worse, what if you find somebody who likes you but you don't like them?
Not OP, but since around 2005 "fashion" in the US at all times has meant "whatever niggers like".
I don't like what niggers like.
Not OP, but I wear dress slacks and a button-down shirt (or a suit) to work every day, and on the weekend the most common thing for me to wear is jeans and a polo shirt. I have never worn a Marvel tee shirt in my life.
I am routinely told that my clothes are a problem because I don't dress like a wigger.
