why do moids not put effort in conversing? Im so bored being the only one trying to carry the conversation.
it's not that fucking easy asshole.
This has to be bait. Every girl I've talked to in the last couple of years puts no fucking effort into talking.
I have carried the conversation on every single date I've been on. For a sex that's famous for running their mouths, bitches sure do often have nothing interesting to say face to face.
fuck you try harder 
Yeah, its been the complete opposite to me. all moids are boring and dont even try to converse with me outside of mudane
same to you, sentient cock and balls
God I wish I could meet girls that're like what you're implying to be. Anytime I try to talk to a girl who says she has an interest in common, even if I didn't know they were a girl before adding them, it's just like talking to a brick wall. It's fucking awful.
I'm sorry I used to be pretty chatty when I was young but every year I feel a piece of my social brain dying
Agree, I totally understand if they dont have common interest in what I try to throw around but when literally no interest is being shown I just dont know what to do anymore. Then when they add me back after being removed just to do it again is even more perplexing.
why do moids not put effort in conversing? Im so bored being the only one trying to carry the conversation.
What are your interests? I'm the opposite of that. I can even show you proof, although I don't think you're really talking about effort, more like you're not being entertained.
Foid's idea of carying the conversation:
"Yeah"
"No"
"Idk" 
"Ok"
"Haha"
why do moids not put effort in conversing? Im so bored being the only one trying to carry the conversation.
Well the answer is they aren't interested in you. And their behavior in putting in no effort but at least courteous is better than what women do in the same situation, which is to simply not respond at all.
same to you, sentient cock and balls
Fuck you. I'll reach through the fiber optic cables and strangle you.
Then when they add me back after being removed just to do it again is even more perplexing.
Holy shit I've never once had any of those people add me back. I guess it doesn't suck as much now that it seems like they'd just do the exact same shit anyhow. I figure a lot of this is just people not really being into the interests they say they are or maybe, at least in my case, I'm just too much of a sperg and put people off.
Then why add me back after I take the hint???
Nice try kid, not me. Go shove a pen through your cock hole and fuck off. 
Nice, ill tear off your face while you do.
I hope so, its very disheartening to keep going after so many failed attempts to reach out and make friends. I rather just be alone and talk to myself.
I rather just be alone and talk to myself.
Then do that
is there a specific guy you wish would talk more, or is this just projecting?
I know the feeling, but when I stay alone for too long I just get too hopeful that it'll be different the next time. Ah well, at least I can enjoy talking about shit on the board and it'll be too brief for me to get attached. Still waiting for someone to email me too, but I'm gonna guess that email is never coming.
Then why add me back after I take the hint???
Well, they shouldn't do that of course, but that wasn't in your original post so I had no way of knowing it was going on.
I dont talk to women, too eepy sleepy desu
if you want i can talk to you OP
i'm talkative
That's cuz you only talk with Chads who are juggling 10 women at a time.
Why does /r9k even allows women to post here again? Can't the mods just get rid of the roasties? I miss the old board.
that's funny because over the years contactfagging and adding many many femanons, women are 99% garbage at conversing.
Most of the time I know within 4-5 messages if talking to them is gonna be awful, or if it's worth staying
The most common reasons are either not asking questions back, just answering them shortly, and texting being so fucking dry it makes me wanna tear my eyes out
I feel like I'm talking AT someone, instead of WITH someone. My god.
is this what an abundance of male attention and being able to pick Chads at will does to a person?
what a collapse of a gender
Shit bait. Most women expect men to do everything, including conversations, so especially among moids it's ingrained that they need to try excessively hard to conversate. Wouldn't surprise me if you're the one who's been attempting to talk shit about "moids" here recently cause no one else uses that word commonly.
Most of the time I know within 4-5 messages if talking to them is gonna be awful, or if it's worth staying
Yeah if it's one word answers to begin with it'll be one word answers forever
I had an actual girlfriend who have me one word answers LOL
OP already showing us the amount of effort they put into conversations
Because now im old and too busy to be perma online neet
have any of you ever even experienced a female-led conversation? Can you post evidence? I'll sooner believe in aliens. But maybe if you're the rare breed of a shy chad and she's puppy-eyed for you?
after chatting with a lot of femanons on here, i only experienced it once, but we drifted apart because she had undiagnosed mental problems and would randomly berate me
she was really nice and well versed in a lot of topics too
They added you, you opened your stupid mouth, and they left. Are you fucking retarded and can't get social clues? I too hate to speak with stupid cunts and leave them with the impression that I'm boring so they can leave me the fuck alone lelelelelelelelel, that does not mean I don't have shit to say
