i know a lot of people probably hate tattoos here
thats fine.
i happen to love them
i got my spirited away tattoo as a symbol of my childhood
my mom showed me this movie when i was really young
on the right left i have the word Doom
for the game 
but also for a discord fren whose stories greatly impacted me for life (:
please post ur tattoos and the stories behind them
i love art
(feel free to join also below)
vuzDTUgCsU
sometimes we stream movies and games etc
just a cool lil chan community without minors and pedophiles and barely any wooman
imagine being the sorry cuck who has to pretend to like your stupid ugly tattoos and listen to your stories of getting railed by other men because he's so desperate for pussy
christ almighty, what a shitty world we live in
im not in any relationships on or off the internet. i think i should focus on taking care of myself before i can on the emotions, responsibilities and hardships of another person
i never had much of an interest in relationships anyways
Just got a boner from femboy legs dude
jokes on you i am not a femboy.
Lies, women dont larp on 4chan
vuzDTUgCsU
join mi comminity of societal outcasts and be a loser in an accepting family of losers
https://voca.ro/183NGlSXWzXy
sorry if i sound horribly sick i have pnemonia
That's a femboy's voice if I've ever heard one. I bet they have a hard time just avoiding uttering "uwu" every sentence.
https://voca.ro/1d4TxhzwRbF0
How many times have you said you would leave this place so far?
Pretty sure that's vore.
There are, currently, 2 threads up with the same invite.
Retards spamming their cringe discord servers should be banned.
I FUCKING KNEW IT! YOU CAN'T FOOL MY SCHIZOPHRENIC ASS!
Awful tattoo, even as far as tattoos go.
Really nice voice though.
i like to advertise here mostly because i like the community more than any other places ive been in
peoples character here is way more honest and true to themselves and i find that honorable
i like people from here better because i relate to their sadness in some ways
and i created this server as a place everyone can be accepted from all walks of life (besides trannies)
i wish not to be recognized for who i posted as a year ago
Why not trannies?
im sorry for shitting up the board anon
i just want actual likeable people to join 
thats the only reason i come here anymore
i dont like people often
but i find the people here are way more honest with themselves and others 
in otherwords i like realism
not many people are real anymore
trannies ruin society 
but they also ruin discord servers
i made my server because the communities i used to be in have been tainted by trannies in power who ruin free speech because their feelings get hurt and pedophiles who flood their servers with underage sluts and young boys
this is my new home 
and i intend to protect it at all costs
as well as everyone in it
welp
thats okay lol i like them
anyways thanks for the compliment anon
TgQEYhhC4e
Chanlets is a place of societal outcasts with little to no direction in life
we are a somewhat raunchy yet simultaneously wholesome community that in a way has grown to be a family to one another
weirdos are my favorite people
and if you are weird
please join me a fellow weirdo
in being weird in my weird server for weirdos
(no trannies 
very few women
active vcs
free speech)
discord
TgQEYhhC4e
TgQEYhhC4e
TgQEYhhC4e
HOPING TO GET OUR VANITY BACK SOON
Do tomboys take it in the ass?
i have no sexual interest
and although i have had sex in the past
no i have never done anal
i think that would be devastating to the rectal cavity
as well as the mind
honestly i prefer lifting up old stones and finding worms centipedes and rollie polliesss
Oh that's sad. I would've been gentle and loving :(
Actually kinda cool
BENGBxEJ
new link
i dont think sodomy is either gentle nor loving
neither is sex really
people have confused sex with love in todays society
and now people just casual fuck like rabbits
it disgusts me
i like wholesome things
this is a tranny pedophile freaks server
my server is much better much more active
your server has underage girls and pedophiles who lust over them
my server watches the office in vc and streams their buttholes or cry while drunk on camera
troll post no pedos or underage allowed will be banned
dsc
vuzDTUgCsU
FEMALE OWNED SERVER
NO PEDOPHILES
NO TRANNIES
RARE NIGGER SIGHTINGS
FURRIES
DIAPERFAGS
PONYFAGS
INCELS
VOLCELS
JEWS
GOYIMS AND MORE!
BENGBxEJ
new link no underage only rule
there is legitimately 2 16 year old boys in your server right now
roflcopter
and hackman
you think i dont know people
i know everyone silly Friday
silly silly.
your server is filled with degenerate underage sluts and little boys
disgusting
just kicked them they are gone anyone else
I love when girls hit those final consonants strongly and deliberately. Such a sweet girlish affectation anon. Lovely sweet voice.
https://voca.ro/1gymVYN8u0rt
well idk you banned me
fucking idiot
You could post shit like that on your old profile and a bf by the end of the day. Why do cute girls come to this ocean of shit and piss when they could bask in the sunny warmth of normal spaces
what old profile?
i dont really want a boyfriend honestly
ive been in love once before already
and i think thats something you only find once in life
but thats over
anyways a boyfriend wouldnt be good for them nor myself
im not exactly an easy person to deal with
also im not cute. id be willing to show you if you wanted to message me or something
im a 4 at best without makeup
its actually quite tragic
you aren't desu
but neither am I and you put up with me anyway
it's quite a nice server I'm glad I joined
literally begging to join my server in her own thread
LMAO GET OFF MY DICK HONEY
no i said u banned me
i dont want part in your faggy server of cunny posters and morons
ur all sex fiending retards
i advertised because hopefully people who arent like you join.
Would you mind if I fap to this?
talk about something cool, like hamsters
that really isnt my choice now is it sillygoose
i bet u replay my asmr throatfuck vocaroo every night
fennec.. pipi.. is that you
i dont even know what that means you sick fuck
seek help.
I won't do it if you say you'd be uncomfortable with it.
OP has an ex husband and a kid despite claiming to be asexual. Avoid.
dis bitch think im daddy
i dont really care honestly 
its your personal choice
i understand the coomer mindset >.>
u shouldnt be a coomer though anon
it wont do you any good in the longrun
hi pipi
fact check
dis poster got impregnated by a coomer
https://voca.ro/1dzMaNifi8R4
I wasn't going to fap to it anyway, I just wanted to see your response after your comment about sex fiending retards.
very unfortunate..
very.
it ok daddy loves u
i just think intimacy has been ruined by this society
and i have no interest in that
if that makes sense
Shut the fuck up you jewish bald whore nobody gives a shit
ble ble ble ble ble bloo bloo bloo bloo
.gg/vuzDTUgCsU
dont tell nobody
Lmao, definitely a slut
probably have bpd too, I'd bet you've been facefucked
