What do you think is the biggest redflag in a person?
KOBENI!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHH BENI SEEEEEEEEEX!!!
My biggest red flag for a woman is that she's a boring conversationalist.
Oh no I don't care about the automobile industry's marketing nor social norms surrounding owning a vehicle. Have fun imagining your car is a symbol of your male sexuality, normalfaggot
When what they're saying doesn't hit their eyes appropriately
[patrick star voice]: WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO
im currently a neet but i have worked small jobs before the pandemic for short durations and i can drive. built up pandemic anxiety among other personal issues fucked me for a job though
that being said, i never realized it till your post but yeah it is quite unsettling to meet people who are 23 or older and have never worked a job in their life or never even learned how to drive
like i just think that goes to show how little they care about life skills or wanting to progress as a person. maybe that is reaching but i feel these are at least basic stuff everyone should have at least tried to achieve by that time
anyways my big red flags for women are
im kinda over trying to go for women for relationships though. it doesnt really help me unless she was an absolute ten out of ten angel but that will never happen so i am just existing for now working on myself
why are foids so disgusted by this, i swear they stop seeing me as human the moment i tell them i cant drive
lol
well why cant you drive anon? whats stopping you?
you can still use the bus but why not learn to drive. its a simple life skill
This sums it up. Would add being fat if it wasn't becomming so common.
the biggest redflags?
if they hate kids and Jesus Christ.
Buggest red flag is if they are not me
this is an acceptable take if and only if you live in europe or new york city
I drive to work in a suit every day and I think all of these things aren't red flags, in fact the contrary. Every day a new part of my soul atrophies from doing this.
Just learn auto, it's fucking easy, even literal orangutans and chimps can do it.
These are the main signs, any one of these in any context for me is an instant no.
i am all of these things
why should I own formal wear? i dont go anywhere that would require it
why should i get a drivers license? where would I go? i dont go outside and i dont want a job. my parents said its okay if i dont get a job. they will support me
Reading books is a major red flag to me, especially pseudoscience/self help bullshit which is all any adult I know reads these days. Insanely cringe. Fiction is almost always a bad sign as well unless they read genuinely good literature, but almost no one does. Legitimate nonfiction/textbooks/etc is all based of course.
i feel like women want a guy that can drive so they can be driven around all day to restaurants or social events.
Being oversocialized.
I'm reading through Junie B. Jones right now quite a stimulating read I must say. It's a shame you can't expand your mind honestly it's just plain sad.
same here anon as a fem i have an intense fear of driving 
this. it's how i met my ex.
Anon, I said genuinely good literature was fine. This is clearly based.
i failed the written test a few times becaust its confusing, also my family is not helping me learn, mother chimped out the very first time i was behind the wheel because i broke too hard.
I have my dmv appointment for next month, wish me luck, third times the charm
why? whats so scary about driving?
how old are you anon? you need a driving instructor
is this why you all look at me with disgust when i say i cant drive? because you want somebody to do it for you because youre scared?
sex with the sloppy blowjob devil!
im 18, ive been behind the wheel before and i can move the car just fine, i just need to learn traffic rules and pass the written test. Im not a woman so i dont do retarded shit like hit curbs.
I had my mother try to teach me once, and i learned just fine but she chimped out because i would break too hard and now refuses to help me practice, then i had a friend teach me with his car and he told me that im a natural.
Please understand... the economy these days... I pass all your other tests... please...
I think it varies depending on your cultural values, and with the current economy too.
women are so pathetic hgfvf
The women i know that drive treat me like i am a useless retard for not knowing how to drivve, the ones that don't know how to drive treat me like im a dissapointment and half a man. Literally why are foids like this.
women never want to help men improve themselves. they just want to hang out with the top men that already have everything. this is why i dont like women. they dont seem like good people to me
This is the only rule I have and it seems to supersede all of the other red flags.
Deciding what's a "small thing" for others is gaslighting
what does this even mean?
some are, ik some actual femcels and theyre pretty nice, roasties are usually pretty mean though and dont even want to help you improve, all they do is point and laugh, men are way nicer, tyrones and chads can be decently mean but still nicer specially without roasties arround.
doesn't own formal wear or has never worn a suit
Retard
can't drive
Lol. Lmao even
Acceptable red flag
Ted used it to describe the leftist types, have you ever met someone who needs to virtue signal at every chance, consideres offending someone to be the worst crime you can commit, cares too much about other opinions etc etc.
I know a guy like that, when im talking with friends and i am about to say somethig controversial he'll try to stop me because hes afraid that people might disagree with me, that type of person. Basically someone who goes beyond to being a socially adept person, to the point where it beccomes a detrement to themselves and society.
Ask yourself how you or someone normal would react in that situation.
Deciding what's a "small thing" for others is gaslighting
Gaslighting is when I try to convince them it's a small thing when it isn't. Don't even bring it up to her. Just keep it in your head and make a mental note of it. 
Sure I can give you an example:
