Are you using ChatGPT in you advantage r9k?
I truly hope you aren't actually using ChatGPT for flirting, etc. It gives cringe answers that would make anybody uncomfortable
I had fun for a while and the DAN jailbreak was great, but they took DAN away from us, now it's their shitty version 
So I stopped
Hey ChatGPT, write me five reasons not to kill myself.
Hello and thank you for posting as a language model I can't give you reasons for not harming yourself , but you could try these to feel better
1. Take a break from your everyday life and see the world around you.
2. Get connected with your family and go out and make friends with people with the same interests
3. Immerse yourself in nature as this can be really healing for you
4. Take up sports and find a hobby that you can really enjoy and share with the world.
5. Try helping others and volunteer at a shelter and see the world through truly suffering people
I truly hope you aren't actually using ChatGPT for flirting, etc. It gives cringe answers that would make anybody uncomfortable
I actually do; what's the problem? flirting is always cringe.
lets gooo boys; this shit works
semicolon as the sole punctuation in his post
You goofy cunt, AI cannot save you from yourself.
ChatGPT can be fun to play with. Here are some that I got from my prompt for picking up an alt girl anon:
"Excuse me, I couldn't help but notice you're wearing a Star Wars t-shirt. I'm a huge fan too. Do you want to grab a coffee and chat about our favorite characters?"
"I saw you playing Magic: The Gathering earlier and I couldn't resist coming over to say hi. I'm pretty good at the game myself. Maybe we could play a few rounds together sometime?"
"I love your style. It's not often you see someone who can pull off a vintage dress like that. Would you like to grab dinner and talk about our favorite eras?"
"Hey, I couldn't help but overhear you talking about your favorite book. I'm a big reader too, and I think we have similar tastes. Want to grab a drink and swap recommendations?"
"I saw you at the indie music festival last weekend, and I have to say, you really stood out from the crowd. Want to hang out sometime and compare notes on our favorite bands?"
And for a girl into anime:
"Excuse me, I couldn't help but notice your My Hero Academia phone case. I'm a huge fan too. Do you want to grab a coffee and talk about our favorite quirks?"
"I saw you wearing that awesome Sailor Moon t-shirt earlier and I had to come say hi. I'm a big fan of the series too. Maybe we could watch some episodes together sometime?"
"I love your cosplay. Your attention to detail is amazing. Would you like to grab dinner and chat about your favorite anime series?"
"Hey, I couldn't help but overhear you talking about Attack on Titan. I'm a big fan of the series too, and I think we have similar tastes. Want to grab a drink and talk about our favorite characters?"
"I saw you at the anime convention last weekend, and I have to say, you really stood out from the crowd. Want to hang out sometime and compare notes on our favorite shows?"
Go get laid anon. AI believes in you, boss
Are you a Sith Lord? Because I'm going to use the force on you
ChatGPT
Don't you have to pay for it
That's v4. But you can use it for free once a day on Poe
thoughts on the newcastle game?
