You will never experience life as a BBC
Imagine the power you would have over women
many 4channers will just say it's a myth, that's their cope so whatever
I dont like black men im more of a AAC (average Asian cock) kind of girl
BBC is not a myth its reality
You mean you're a man
Stats don't lie
Show me actual statistics that show that African American men born in America have more than a one inch difference in penis size from white or Hispanic men.
You don't need a full extra inch to make a difference and white girls know that. They'll happily take whatever margin is there on average dick size and rationally opt for the black man
lmao so you just concede that you cant find anything about it. So the average difference doesnt even have to be a full inch? In that case it would be better to just find someone of any race with a big dick.
I am black and have rather long cock but it doesn't make any difference
My white cock is pretty big (8x6) and I've had plenty of power over women. Are you aware that cuck porn is not real life?
mayobros its over
How doesn't it make a difference when white girls will want to fuck you by default just because of your cock? You live life in tutorial mode
Have it ever crossed your mind that you and people like you are just pornbrained niggerphiles?
That's ok, I don't like the media anyway.
yes i genuinely wish I was a nigger.
girls would all want me for my massive dick, I would have no retard illnesses like autism, wouldn't think twice about expressing myself in any way I felt like at any time and would have natural sense of rhythm and dance.
my life would have been so much better.
You can still participate in all this by becoming a cuck
You're delusional. The size of your cock is literally the least important out of the whole group of traits. Height, looks, race, status, income, "personality" (lol), dick size. Out of all of these the size of your wiener is by far least impactful. By the time anyone sees it they've already decided to have sex anyways. It literally only makes a difference at the extreme end of the spectrum. If you have a really small one then yeah that will probably screw you over, and having a huge one might make a girl more likely to come back for more. But that implies you make it that far in the first place, which isnt happening for me to begin with. Also it's not massive or anything, just a slight edge above average. 
Also the whole white girls obsessed with black guys thing is only true to a limited extent. Those girls do exist but they are only into a very particular group. Either thugged out or hyper athletic black dudes or entertainers. I'm not a rapper, an NFL player, or a drug dealer so in all circumstances being black causes me to get 0 girls. I've met the white equivalent of myself and they always have ethnic or asian girlfriends.
i have a bbc but i'm gay
You do realize that women can just check the color of your skin and immediately jump to conclusions
That's how I conceptualize black dudes mostly
