What's the most degenerate thing you've done?
Probably jacking off with 2 other friends in elemantary school at the bathroom. we were caught and it was a catholic school haha. thinking back it wasn't really degenerate, children to these stuff all the time
stealing my cousins panties and sniffing them while masturbating. that or wearing my moms clothes
Yeah but have you turned out gay because of this? I need to know, for my research.
No i'm ok
fapped in my sisters schoolgirl uniform
even fetched tights shoes and a party wig
Sounds about right, Mr. Satan.
hahahah i was 11~ though not that bad, she was older then me
Jerked off in the women's swim team locker room when I was 14
Jerked off to a lot of women taking dog knots
Put a rock through a church's glass door
Smelling my stepsister's panties while helping her move
Done almost every drug in the book
Have had sex with women, men, FtM, and MtF
Jerking off to the picture of an egg
shit on cam and ate it while an online dominatrix egged me on
relapsed on ket
Fell in love with a man who just used me as a rebound then got with the woman he actually wanted
either send my internet ex's lewds to somebody else in a discord server or when i was so horny before class that i saved a ziploc bag and gloves and masturbated in the parking into the baggy and wore the gloves on the ride home to not get my steering wheel dirty
way worse stuff that any of you guys are typing, and no im not saying what
gtfo and kys pedo
When a hot chick went into my home, she left her food unintended while using the restroom. I masterbated and put a bit of my cumshot on it and watched her eat it. To this day I regret not putting the entire load.
lol thats the worst you can think of? Nooo worse than that.
Whacked off in the back of my moms minivan while she was driving me when I was like 15. Aint get caught though.
1. Ate out a prostitute
2. Had sex with a prostitute who was on her period and got her blood on my skin
pegged a black dude who was an ex marine
Got fucked by a guy while on chastity and ended up peeing myself in his bed while he was hammering my insides, i also came twice
sent videos of me pooping to a girl that was into that
jerked off in a friends bed during a sleepover
accidentally drank my own piss
shat into a cardboard box and forgot about it for a few days
am i a degenerate
I thought I was bad bruh you got AIDS haha
jerked off to a childrens cartoon
she definitely caught you in the mirror and didnt say anything thats bullshit
sniffed a toilet sear right after a girl used it (smelled like girl ass)
Trying to put a finger in my anus or attempting so suck my own penis or jerking off to pictures of my cousin.
You can probably guess what
something pedoey or incesty?
Huh. First option
u norty boi
mutual masturbation with my sister
Is that where you jerk/finger eachother or just masturbate infront of eachother?
Me and my little sisters rooms were right next to each other and the walls were paper thin so you could hear everything in the other room.
We always beat off together before bed. She'd grunt when I grunted and we always came around the same time.
We never really talked about and it never escalated into LARP territory. It was just a weird mildly degenerate pseudo-incestual thing that happened for a few years.
Me and her are still somewhat close and the closest thing to acknowledging what happened either of us got is her admitting she missed having me around at night because I made her feel safe and comfortable.
Peed in my pad while watching a movie cause I didnt wanna get up.
My cousin once came over for a sleepover, she came into my room in the middle of the night when I was jacking it in the sheets. She said my bed was more comfy because it was a purple mattress. She decides to sleep on my queen sized bed by the edge away from me. When I knew she was dead asleep, I cupped a feel or two. Not proud but horny teens will be horny teens.
Those wouldn't hold an entire piss you stinky fembit
oh hey i did that too can we be buddies
I didnt go the whole pee just a half pee to empty my bladder. was scared it would be the whole pee and would get cuaght pissing myself tho lmao
Ah fuck mate, where do I begin
Having a threesome between a furry porn artist and an 18-almost-19 year old plus-sized femboy type
Getting spitroasted by a 30-something year old fursuiter and a 50-year old dude with a mushroom chode on a sex swing at a BDSM orgy
Attending the aforementioned BDSM orgy
Eating the unwashed asshole of the 40 year old overweight and hairy gentleman that hosts the aforementioned BDSM orgies
Jacked off over a corpse.
hedonismaxxing
I wish I could be more like you 
Without the eating unwashed asshole part
Dunno. Drank a girls piss? Made her puke and then fucked her? Got a hand job while said girl told me how hot it would have been to rape her as a 12 year old?
Cooked for someone and came in their food.
Same here. Maybe more girls are into this than you would assume.
Honestly it's hard to pick. In order to conceal the tism I used to get incredibly drunk whenever I was invited to social gatherings so I'd usually end up being the wannabe Steve-O. I used to be an opportunistic panty thief when I was a horny young gentlebot. Sometimes I'd just whack off in other people's houses and then put the underwears back. If you were a girl, or indeed the mothers of my friends in some cases, and knew me between the ages of 14-18 and I came to your house, I probably coomed in your panties or at least sniffed a pair. Also I just remembered having a wank in Bangkok airport on a layover while it reeked of shit in the busy toilets. That was another low.
let me think about it real quick.. in no particular order
have sex in public
have drunken sex and on drugs 
eat out a girl on her period 
have sex with two girls in 24hrs
almost cheat on a gf (but didnt)
have sex with a married woman 
cum in an older milf
watch a girl pee on hotel floor
finger girl peeing
finger out a nugget maybe
I dont know I am sure there is more but that is most of it
maybe it's all the same girl (is it Brooke from Port Credit Ontario?)
The key is to being an attractive 18 year old twink. Pic attached is *definitely not* me. Anyways, it's a very empty life, and I'm pretty ready to either kill myself or do something stupid, in minecraft.
Got my dick sucked by a twink while we were both on meth
Posted pictures of my (clean and freshly shaved) asshole on /soc/ just because I was bored and semi-drunk
A fair bit of crossdressing in private settings, once I had a friend's gf tell me to try on her lingerie and it covered almost nothing and she laughed at me for getting a boner which only made me more horny 
Binge drinking, kratom addiction, luckily I never got into any hard opis
Currently sitting on a hoard of 3k+ HD images and gifs from e621 and /trash/
Also I've shoplifted a ton of shit from grocery stores
I sucked a lot of dick in vrchat and did a wide variety of rp from vore and beastiality/pokephilia to loli rape and parasite impregnation.
that all sounds fun but i bet the post nut clarity would probably make me kill msyelf
Nope, not even the same continent.
Mine is sadly not sexual
When I was around 11 I put my 2 parrots in a sock, then started banging it on the walls and furniture after watching similar scene in a movie
How do you not want to kill yourself over the guilt of this?
I decided that since no one ever found out, it didnt happen
Got a dog to lick mayonnaise off my dick. Didn't even really satisfy me. I could tell the dog even wasn't into it.
Surprised you haven't offed yourself yet. Who molested you?
Ahahahahaha I bet you vomited
Being a fag a few times, since the woman were undatable monsters. Having any love at all was nice.
be teenager in high school
enjoy consuming meth
spending the night at girlfriends house
she has younger sisters a few years younger than her and equally attractive
her sister and sisters friend get drunk one night and run into the house giggling with just t-shirts and underwear on
they start wrestling in the living room in front of me while i'm watching tv
dick gets hard as diamonds
girlfriend is upstairs brushing teeth and getting ready for bed while her sister n friend put on a show
they end up passing out in the living room
after girlfriend falls asleep go downstiars
smoke some meth
get horny af again
fap to those asses as they sleep while high on meth watching porn on my laptop, dick out, no fucks given
shit was SO cash
