Has been in multiple relationships
Has sex
How does he do it?
Can you dumb fuckwits stop posting screenshots of things without actually linking to them? Just select the URL in the address bar (the thing you type the website into) copy it, and paste into the post body (you know, the thing you shit into to make threads.)
He's got that BHC (big hapa cock)
cheating
reminds me of my ex
why are they so weak
Because he's trying and he never gave up and he put in the work. That's the only difference between you and him. That's the only difference between being sex deprived or being a sex god. We're living in the age of SEX it has never been easier to acquire. If you can't have sex in the AGE OF SEX, then you're an evolutionary dead end. Start accepting and stop whining, or start grinding. The choice is yours.
White men literally don't understand this, they just can't cope. The world has moved on from them. The current male attractiveness hierarchy is as stands: Koreans [power gap] > Hapas > Blacks > Japaneses/Chinese [power gap] > Whites. Women are fed up with white men.
hapa running on white blood clout amongst the nips 
Looks ok and is not short 
Geee I wonder
Cope. He doesnt look remotely white.
he's a neurotypical. he's not autistic, he's some kind of narcissist or sociopath
autism is a death sentence
i hate god
Some anon tried to say Whites are the doing the best in dating in the other thread and showed the race data set of combining all age demographics.
But when u break it down to 20-29 age demographics... Whites are like one of the least preferred groups LMAO.
Black line is 6'2 and up in the age 20-24 demographic
How the fuck do you even read that graph lmao
Looks whiter than most nips and he could just gain clout by calling himself half white. Like how bitches fall for shit like accent and stuff.
He's definitely narcissistic or potentially a sociopath. I noticed he doesn't care about hurting anyone and only cares about himself. 
I also don't think he's living much of a life either. He said he gets like $1200 a month from YouTube because his views fell off hard. Look at the rooms he's renting in Japan. Tiny microrooms with nothing in them except a bed lol. 
I just came back from Japan and I lived like a king there because I make $3500/month working.
His life looks kinda shitty but I watch him anyway. At least he escaped the matrix of wageslaving
Being white doesn't do shit in Japan atm. Japanese girls aren't interested in a whitey if they can't speak decent Japanese
$3500 a month
lives like a king
one of the most expensive countries in the world
nice larp nigger
I don't know about living costs in Japan, but even good corporate jobs pay little compared to the US and even Europe. I made more straight out of uni than a long time salaryman at a big corporation in Japan.
one of the most expensive countries in the world
Lolwut. Japan was cheap asf. I took $2500 with me for 2 weeks as spends and I've got $1100 left still in Yen. I bought loads of sovenirs and food
dark triad guy goes through gfs like they're nothing 
This shouldn't surprise anyone at this point. Actions speak louder than words and the average woman gets pussy tingles from dark triad behavior, even if they say they want a gentle guy. Sure being kind and gentle can keep a girl around and make the relationship good, but at the foundational level, every relationship is built on sexual attraction, straight up.
Looks up Japan expat price guides
Most sites say $1750-2500 for a month for expats living on a budget
Claims he stayed 2 weeks
Meaning he lived in a hotel
Median hotel cost is $50
50 x 14 = $750
So again how are you living like a 'King'?
More like you lived like a peasant cock gobbler.
https://tankenjapan.com/japans-daily-cost-of-living-for-students-and-expats/
The flight was $1500 for a return. The hotel was $1500 for 12 days. I took $2500 spending cash for whatever. I'm just telling you what I did you autist
