27 KHHV
ugly 
short
no friends 
never had gf
so depressed I have lost all interests, including vidya, and only really sit in bed most of the day on my phone 
never even been on a date 
struggle with weight because Im a lazy piece of shit and a picky eater unlike most people 
short 
lonely af
no job for five years
only job was a grocery store job I got fired for
no degree
NEET
still live with parents 
parents are only people who love me, miracle I do not have parents who hate me for being a total loser though they probably also enable me too much 
missed out on every formative experience imaginable 
peers are all getting married, having kids, own nice cars, make over six figures, travel outside the country constantly 
overall a lonely, pathetic loser who will never be happy, never be loved, never will have a family, never will be successful, never will be proud of anything
normies, women and Chads think this is hilarious and want me dead 
Tell me why I should not just buy a gun with my disability money and just off myself.
everything led up to you sucking and isnt that beautiful
I don't think you should kill yourself actually
Tell me why I should not just buy a gun with my disability money and just off myself
so you can off other people then yourself
parents are only people who love me
normscum off my board
try fucking an escort who does GFE instead of a vtuber doing GFE. See if that jolts your brain enough
You sound like a loser. Fix your mindset
Tell me why I should not just buy a gun with my disability money and just off myself.
you should.
if I was American and had access to a gun I would have been gone a long time ago.
I cannot afford escorts and the idea of paying someone who finds me repulsive to lose my virginity to hurts my self esteem
Thanks for noting the obvious, normie
Thank you Peter, you're our greatest ally.
the singularity. its my only reason for living
everyday i dream for death
everyday i envy the dead
everyday i dead with suffering so deep and painful, i cant bear it
everyday i curse god out 
everyday i lose hope for anything worth living
the only hope i have for the future is the singularity. super-intelligence and the singularity. ai surpassing human level intelligence, and making human like robots that you can make your girlfriend
or ai bringing about the apocalypse. it will be either a utopia or a distopia, both of which i think are wothy of fantasizing over
thats it. if it wasnt for ai i would of jumped off this tall bridge i walk over regularly, its like 10 or 11 stories, with concrete as the landing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCzBQmXXdlk [Embed]
the singularity and AI shit is a meme that won't come around in our lifetimes.
don't fall for the AI hype, it's impressive, but nowhere close to transforming society in any way. it's just artificial hype for more VC money like self-driving cars, Blockchain, VR, etc. before it.
I likely will once my parents die
Eww. Do your parents, women, and society a failure and kill yourself.
the singularity and AI shit is a meme that won't come around in our lifetimes.
COPE
in the last 13 years, ai has taking massive, massive leaps 
in 2010, it could do fucking NOTHING
now it can drive cars better than humans
it can listen to your voice and put it into text, perfectly
it can identify things in pictures
it can writes poems about anything in the style of shakepear, in gpt-4
literally ai is doing most of english assignements for english students
soon it will be smarter than humans
you are fucking COPING, you technologically illiterate retard. huffing coping so much you are OD'ing and its causing you to be delusional
 but nowhere close to transforming society in any way
excuse me?
its taking away programming jobs. literally we are losing jobs in computer programming because of it
soon, all trucking jobs will be automated
and eventually, all jobs in society. as ai will be smarter than humans
fucking moron
your brain on elon cucsk
if you need a fren to talk to anon, I'm willing to talk. do you just browse 4chan all day? if so, get the fuck off of here, we're all sad sacks of shit and nobody here will help you get anywhere in life.
not an argument you brainlet retard
if you want to have coherent arguement against me, then you should use GPT-4 and copy and paste my posts so you can give off the illusion you have something functioning behind your eyes, you crosseyed paint huffing retard
literally use ai to defend the position of ai not being a big deal
Try hitting the gym
this too, go jim
You can still find a gf. Happened to me when I was a khhv at 26.
Just gotta wait for the right person.
Even when I slimmed down I got nowhere; then I relapsed and got even fatter than before
also very important, don't base your value as a person in whether you've had a lady touch your weewee or kiss you or that shit, that's a really good way to fuck yourself up and badly fuck up your self esteem. there's nothing wrong with being a virgin and the idea that losing your virginity to a whore makes it all better that some retards have on here is absurd. also TND
you are a loser anon. you are a phonefag neet, you spend all day on phone. i spend all day on pc, we are simply not the same.
pace yourself and don't go on strict diets. I've lost weight without completely cutting garbage out, i'll just have much smaller amounts of garbage and be happy with it. for example, I used to be able to eat like a dozen oreos in a single sitting and now I'm happy after 2 and that lasts me a couple days. start eating more lean meats (poultry, fish, etc) and count calories to get towards your macronutrient goals. also signing onto a gym membership and finding a person to be your gym buddy is really useful, as it only takes 3 weeks to a month of repetition of a behavior for it to become habit. WAGMI bro
I cannot afford a pc
there's nothing wrong with being a virgin
t. male only opinion
simply stop caring
stop caring
others stop caring about you in general
is this the way?
go gym, be that lifting heavy stuff at a commercial fitness gym or a legit fight gym where you learn how to fight. or do calisthenics and force the habit w/ all your might until you start enjoying it and it becomes a (near) daily routine. enjoy the /out/doors. get a hobby that you have to leave the house for. offer to walk a neighbor's dog every now and then. volunteer at a thrift shop, animal shelter, food bank, homeless shelter, etc. try out a team sport. invite your old man to throw the ole pigskin w/ you. go on walks w/ your parents.
clean your room. re-evaluate your wardrobe and throw out the clothes you're tired of wearing or that have become too dirty/worn out. throw out old shit you never use that you have lying around in your room. as soon as you wake up, drink a tall glass of water, brush your teeth, rinse your face (and problem areas like armpits if need be), do some light exercise like a nice leisurely walk in the morning, or do jumping jacks til you're out of breath. maybe do a short set of push-ups til you start feeling it in the targeted muscle groups. do a plank til your core gets a little sore. do some squats. static stretches are also great.
fuck it, do some cartwheels for the lulz. hang from the nearest monkey/pull-up bar outside by your hands, til your hands get sore. do some light reading - it can be as simple as a page or two in a magazine or a shopping guide, just to form the habit of letting your eyes "scroll" over walls of text printed on a physical copy, ie ink on an actual bundle of paper. or perhaps an old children's book you have lying around, out of boredom.
try to jerk off less, see if you have more energy and life in you as a result. offer to help your mother make dinner - i bet she'd even appreciate you setting the table, 'cause that's big. offer to take out the trash. every parent appreciates their kid doing at least one chore around the house.
little things like those give our lives meaning and joy. start living anon
based, you are an awesome person anon
no just stop caring that you're a virgin. just stop thinking about sex. there's more to life, and even more to relationships than just sex. I've been with my gf 3 years and the most we've ever done is cuddle. Emotional and spiritual bonding is much more important than sex, and it isn't worth fucking up a potential marriage for 3 to 7 minutes of enjoyment every now and then.
my gf of 3 years
You truly do not know what its like to be lonely and utterly undesirable. Not only to women, but even other men in a platonic way.
no just stop caring that you're a virgin
It isn't about the sex. If you are a virgin into adulthood you haven't had any relationship experience which is completely damning
Why would any woman waste her time with a man with no relationship experience? It would be like dating a 12 year old boy
I've been with my gf 3 years and the most we've ever done is cuddle.
ahahahahhaahahah
His GF is getting PIPED rn
you're a failure, defective, genetic dead end. you're like a bird who failed to find a mate and build a nest. KILL YOU"RE SELF.
I plan on doing so once my parents die.
YOU WON"T DO SHIT.
THat's because you have a sliver of remaining, making you think that one day you will have a GF.
It's actually crazy that men are allowed to mentally rot and no one would care unless they write incel fanfics because safety of women is le literally the most important thing ever amirite.
*of hope
I honestly have zero belief that I will ever have a girlfriend. I just think it would be very selfish to end my life while my parents are alive.
that's because you white men allowed your women to boss and rule over you. you should have put them in chains like you did with negro slaves.
Men's fate is to suffer. I've spent countless night crying myself to sleep because I was a khhv, fat, ugly, short and had no friends and almost no family.
I got married and had kids eventually and I never mentioned my past to my family because I'm a fucking man and it's my destiny to suffer in silence.
Man the fuck up, bitch.
i hope you do keep quiet about you being a loser kek >>73057068 
FemaleDatingStrategy
and female desperate enough to read that shit is not worth my or any man's time
Sorry, but most women are like those in FDS
tfw lost virginity at 13, have never struggled with woman, have never been rejected by attractive women
Hahahaha kys
you have no way of knowing that. drench the cum from your brain and touch grass.
His girlfriend wont even cuddle with him. She is definitely cheating.
because I'm a fucking man and it's my destiny to suffer in silence.
This is partially why the male suicide rate is so high
complete speculation
stop assooming things about others when you know next to nothing about them or their lives.
Nah do it now. Your parents do not deserve to have a loser leech of a son.
JUST FUCKING KILL YOURSELF YOU WORTHLESS POS
Bumping to let you know ur a worthless loser
another day, another nerd whining about his situation on 4chan with a bunch of terms someone in the 20th century wouldn't understand
This guy should kill himself before he shoots up a school.
Another example thread why robots deserve their fate. Not talking about OP btw.
If you're thinking of killing yourself why not do something crazy first that you wouldn't normally do like try to hitchhike across your country or take a flight to another country with just a tent and a skeeping bag. Even join Isis or some shit Idk go on some kind of adventure. Either you'll have a cool experience or you'll die like you wanted to anyway plus you'll die in a somewhat meaningful way, actually trying something daring. You probably won't because you're a lazy ass and shooting yourself is easier but maybe just try to push yourself do at least one interesting thing before you go
if going to the gym is hard you can start by getting walks outside, looking at nature, then after getting comfortable start running then eventually the gym. Walking outside during the day will give you the vitamin D you're lacking. Start eating healthy, or at least cut the shit food you're consuming like sodas or fast food. Sugar drinks are literal cancer. A lot of un-healthy food can fuck up your body and make you lazy. Sleep well and go to sleep at the same time everyday. All that will fix your body's energy levels. Next to fix your social life and money problems you can find a job in sales. They'll employ you without qualification and unironically force you to socialize with others and bring you out of your shell. The best way to change how you are now is through force and that would be perfect for you. Good sales people will get bonuses and money. If you manage to get friends on the job you can start hanging out with them. Friends of friends may then introduce you to female friends and you could get a gf, thats how people usually get a gf, getting them through Dating Apps is stupid and almost never works. After that you can start thinking about getting a degree since you're still pretty young. I wish you the best of luck!
they probably also enable me too much 
This and your depression are your main two issues that can reasonably be fixed. Your parents sound nice, but they only enable you as you say. Only you're going to be able to get yourself out of this rut.
After that you can start thinking about getting a degree since you're still pretty young
I'm 22 and just started a degree. Makes me feel more secure that I'm still young.
go on date
try to make out during movie
she rejects it because she wants to watch dumb goyslop movie I could barely pay attention to
sitting in car in front of her house
she clearly wants me to make a move
feels awkward and forced now, do nothing
Fuck off normie scum
Originally
You fuck off I've been here longer than you tyke
