I am an ugly spic who ascended without money, status, social group or friends. Whats your excuse?
prove it retard. full 4k video of you having fag sex or its fake
Background
23yo spic
have no hobbies besides guns and vidya
socially awkward with mental issues
was expelled from school
avg face rating has been a 5 and thats with virtue signal
injected test, then tren
made a dating profile
started hitting up n flirting with girls (you didnt need to match to dm)
surprisingly got alot of responses
many agreed to fuck (all were sketched out by my bedroom)
eventually got confidence n started feeling like i was the shit
talked to girls irl and started getting iois after flirting
on n off relationships till i met my gf who i am now marrying
autism
must be nice to have god love you. must be nice to smugly boast about it here in a board full of suicidal losers
truly, we have a loving and merciful god, when he rewards people like you with everything in life
i wonder what it would be like waking up next to a woman with a body like that
must be pretty weird
Brute mass even as a manlet gathers you some masochistic, ready to be slapped whores
You grow used to it and just play for her tits non sexually for shits n giggles. The sight of titties will eventually not turn you on anymore, people who slay are ass men for a reason son
injected test, then tren
Doses? And they changed your face right?
500mgs test e E3D with 12.5mg asin, 700mgs tren ace ED. Capped out my delts big time, dried up my skin which along with the heavy androgens masc'd out my face a bit, far from attractive facially. People who deny the halo that being jacked gets you, having superhuman test levels, are delusional.
Idk or I would fix it retard.
wait so these doses are in total right? Or you're dosing those amounts for every said days cause that will be alot. Mirin tho, your jaw looks pretty sharp
Yes total, becareful with tren though you will lose your sanity at higher doses or end up raping (unless you know how to work your tongue and dick then the bitch will cave in). Also going to note I was on 25mgs mk677 for a couple years ontop of the androgens.
I've done several cycles of test, deca, etc. 
Didn't manage to lose my virginity during any of it
Maybe I should have just sucked it up and pinned tren, I was just terrified of losing my hair
Ok, but how big is your dick?
Originally
claims to be spic, is clearly white-looking >>73060985
claims bad face, clearly has well defined jawline and chin, good lips (no homo)
no noticeable acne at least on the part of the face that is visible
also has broad shoulders not from test, just blessed with good bones
big wrists as well
Basically, OP is above average looking castizo, then got jacked on top of that and is now larping as a brown 2/10 who hit the gym. I assume he is trying to do something nice and lift peoples spirits here. Too bad people try his advice and it doesn't work >>73061130
