i think its weird that everyone doesnt carry a weapon on them. 
99% of the time you dont need it but it could be something as simple as being attacked by a pack of dogs and it could save your life. i feel like it should be just a normal part of life to have a gun or sword on you. 
i want to carry around stuff but i feel like im going to be the odd retard with a weapon in public and get harassed for it. why is it wrong to be able to defend yourself. 
what if you get attacked by some drunk schizo late at night? just hope he lets you call the cops and sits around 20 minutes for them to show up?
I'm Canadian, so I think the law actually says I have to suck their cock while I wait for the police to arrive
Beat the fuck out of them like a man. Using a gun is too easy
I'm an American and I think it's a bit cringe to carry a gun around but I agree OP I would carry a hatchet or a machete or a sword or something around for personal defense if I could. Just because of what you're talking about, humans need a weapon to not be pussy tier easy targets and we have understood this for tens of thousands of years. Though, that being said, there's really nothing and nobody that is going to stop you from walking around with a decent little knife in 95% of places. 
No, I'm not saying I'd ever use such an item in a gunfight. Irl if anyone ever pulls a gun on me I'm going to try to immediately run away.
i forgot everyone here is a retarded zoomer now
"No one needs a multi tool(like folding pliers)on them at all times" you are wierd. 
Literally happened to me last night:
Weapons are TOOLS and some time is not you who needs help, is your fellow man
That's not how it works; this isn't like charging a trench in WW1
You can always out play someone else in a street fight if you're smarter than them
Katanas are a really shit weapon lol. Silly white manchild.
Parang gang .
A dog comes close to you?
Cut their head off with a 2lbs blade
As a woman in a big city, I always carry a survival knife, karambit or switchblade. Ppl thinks im unhinged or scary but I'm just protecting myself in case?
Why are 4chan losers so afraid of dogs? Literally just don't be a creep and they like you.
Trying to use a sword indoors is a bit fucked, you just end up hitting the walls and roof. Need a little sword or knife for that. Guns are great but they frighten people because they can't run away, so it's probably best for society if everyone isn't scared all the time
Kek i defended myself once and almost went prison
