ugly = bad
attractive = good
simple as
makes you uglier for the lulz
Lol yep, have you ever seen a hero in a holywood film who didn't have a strong side profile? Can't say I have
It's why once realizing your are truly ugly and finally accepting it is so utterly soul crushing and kills all enthusiasm for life you once had because nothing you do will ever matter to anyone else.
villain who turns good is attractive
villain who you're supposed to partially sympathise with is attractive
hero who is supposed to turn evil or backstab the protagonists is ugly
Checks out.
people would be upset if they made the ugly guy the hero
look at modern woke media and the backlash they receive from event he ugliest chuds for making a black person a hero
even the uglies reinforce this truth themselves
hero who is supposed to turn evil or backstab the protagonists is ugly
Haven't you watched Frozen?
If you think about it, morals are nothing more than religiousized aesthetics.
ugly = good
attractive = bad
why does japan and south korea do this?
You mean "beautiful", not "attractive".
Otherwise you validate women's favoritism for evil and beta's enabling of libido exploiting whores.
morals are nothing more than religiousized aesthetics.
Kind of Schmittian take
The superhero genre and derived genres are generally flawed. Nevermind who they cast as all-encompassing good and all-encompassing evil.
Watch a monster movie next time and learn to see the beautify within.
Manichaeism in superhero genre makes sense, I believe.
Everyredditor blowjobs Marvel for having "fLawEd cHarAcTers", but to be superpowered and not degenerate into villainy is almost impossible as it is. One would need rock solid morals to not only avoid it but go the step beyond and selflessly serve people as a superhero. So said character flaws would doom these characters into villainy sooner or later.
Morals and aesthetics are the same thing, both are used to attract others but serve no real purpose
ugly = bad
attractive = good
simple as
Ironic because Tolkien himself said many times in the books that evil often took physically beautiful forms.
sauron was a beautiful man in the first age
I get what you're saying, that negative traits would stop a superhero from existing. But isn't that why we don't have superheroes irl? It doesn't justify the existence of the superhero it merely explains the concept.
So which of these is prettier?
no doubt the dwarf
It also makes for shitty normie mass media on the level of children's cartoons.
normie/children cartoons: black person of niggerness = hero, intrinsically good
Gimli, son of Gloin
Gimri Groin
