be male
no one cares about you, a few people pretend to
be female
no one cares about you, everyone pretends to
Everyone cares about women though
WAH WAH I'M A MOID EVERYTHING MUST BE ABOUT ME AT ALL TIMES!! IM SO OPPRESED.
Kill yourself.
This is why 25% of everyone under 25 is gay
You've whined about how oppressed you are for centuries. Now it's our turn. Just remember that, if you're a feminist, you asked for this
You've whined about how oppressed you are for centuries. Now it's our turn
This is so stupid I have to wonder if it's bait
he's literally right
Men are the oppressed minorities now
It's really not. If you don't think men experience oppression, or that they don't deserve to talk about it, then you're either delusional or not a feminist
they whine hardest on virginr9k com. if there was a chadlounge com you know the place with actual rapists they wouldn't bother commenting about women's experiences there
I more meant you stating it's your turn to whine. It's the most faggoted thing I've read in recent memory
oppressed
how? because you cant freely rape women and force us to marry you now? boohoo you cant get your dick wet so oppressed. Moids are retarded.
I know this is bait but I actually totally agree. Who cares about this? Does anyone really think we can subvert this societal expectation in our lifetime? We can't. The best thing you can do is just rise to the occasion. Complaining just makes you look like a faggot.
They don't, they just pretend so they can get hole access. All the favours and compliments are a pretense to try to make women think highly of them and hence choose them. If people actually cared about women they would be challenging them and encouraging them to improve themselves, not coddling them.
It's because it's easier for scrotes to make their own destiny, they can literally be anything while women have like 2 or 3 things they can become, our destiny was set for us. We have much less freedom. Scrotes have every privilege needed to get out of whatever bad situation they're complaining about
Does anyone really think we can subvert this societal expectation in our lifetime? We can't.
If no one tries, then nothing will happen. There are 3 options:
1. sit on your ass and complain (spineless fag behaviour)
2. sit on your ass and put on a front of stoicism (spineless fag behaviour)
3. actually fucking do something because it's better to try and fail (it will at least encourage people to succeed where you failed) than not try at all
our destiny was set for us
That's only true if you believe it. There were several women who managed to defy that 'destiny' even hundreds of years ago when it was vastly more difficult to do so. I think you're suffering from a lack of a clear life goal.
t. Super Rapist
they really don't, it's just flattery
men honestly have it better in the long run because people are more honest with them
they really don't, it's just flattery
the love men have for random is unconditional like a mother's love until you establish to them that they'll never be in a relationship with you and that they're nothing but subhuman in your eyes.
random women*
WAH WAH I'M A MOID... kill yourself
So you're in agreement with society's approach to men?
You forgot to mention that most men don't "fulfill their destiny" and that women are basically failure-proof because, with a lack of freedom, come a lot more safety nets. And all you have to do to "fulfill your destiny" is spread your legs for the right guy. You have it way the fuck easier
Because, among many other things, we have no intrinsic value and nobody gives a shit about us unless we provide value. We're inherently disposable and you objectify us WAY more than we could ever objectify you
be male
no one cares about you, a few people pretend to

be female
no one cares about you, everyone pretends to
thats not what that picture means
muh every problem can be solved with a hammer
too bad that the plank you are trying to hammer a nail into is overly thin, rotten, rickety, and all around very shitty. Also said plank isn't part of anything you are just hammering away to pass the time I guess. Maybe you get to eat the sawdust or some shit, you fucking faggot.
As matter of fact ,I'd much rather use said hammer on your skull than the shitty provided plank.
its a result of women spending so much time only giving sexual attention to the sexiest guys
simp men want to simp and they want to simp HARD
no one cares about you, everyone pretends to
You're right that people who say "women deserve the world" are faking it. However, some women do internalize the message. Look at all these memes where the woman says "THIS IS THE HEIGHT DIFFERENCE *I DESERVE*." Also, I know a woman who once got rejected by a guy for a one night stand and her attitude was like he was a disobedient employee who failed in his duties.
Women always try to make this distinction as if its meaningful. Even if the support is disingenuous, it is still functionally significant. Having a shoulder to cry on can do a lot to get through tough times.
some women do internalize the message
Because they're too ignorant to realise that the message is insincere.
