Hey fellow skinny guys, I used to be in the situation most of you are in and I want to give you a concrete plan, that is extremely simple, cheap and effective to better yourself and help you find a relationship or at the very least, lose your virginity. Following the steps I lay out for you, I was able to fuck over 50 women. If you don't have even a modicum of motivation stop reading here.
Start up costs: about 100 USD(creatine/protein/powder/gym)
Monthly cost: about 75 USD per week(shake ingredients)
First of all, get yourself some creatine. That shit is extremely cheap. Don't listen to retards online, do the loading phase. Take it 5 times a day for a week and then 1 time a day every day after that. This will, without a doubt, make you look bigger within a month, raise your testosterone and cognitive abilities.
Next, invest in some protein powder, cheap one. I consumed 4000 calories a day and it's MUCH easier than you think. Blend 5 tablespoons of olive oil, 2tbps of coconut oil, 1 cup of oats(powder your oats first), a banana, 2 cups of lactose free milk, and 3tbps of honey. Drink this twice a day on top of your normal diet (which should be some meat, veggies and a fruit. Take a multivitamin once daily.
Thirdly. SUNLIGHT. SUNLIGHT. SUNLIGHT. You absofuckinglutely need sunlight for at least an hour. It boosts your test and motivation IMMENSELY. Go do something outside, preferably shirtless for about an hour. Running works. If it's cold, you can use a tanning booth to simulate it. 
Fourth. Do the Starting Strength workout routine. It takes MAX 30 minutes at the gym. Even when I have to wait on machines in a packed gym I'm in and out in 30 minutes. I went from lifting the bar to about 200lbs in a matter of months. I guarantee, I was skinnier than you. If I can, you can.
cont >
i'd rather die a KHHV than step foot in one of those sweaty hellpits
Finally come the finishing touches. Once you see you've gained a few pounds you're going to start feeling real good, and you'll need to make your body reflect that. Ask your barber for a popular haircut that will make you look good, get some new shoes (you can never go wrong with nike/adida) and some straight legged pants. The rest is up to you. 
At this point you need some pictures of your new self. Preferably with friends (if no friends a family member works just as well). It was at this point for me that I started traveling and fucked a solid a 40 women from several countries (Canada, Japan, Argentina, etc). When you travel your confidence goes way up because you know that shit won't follow you home(unless you somehow fuck up so bad you get in the news). Also, girls love American guys, don't believe the naggers on Plebbit.
You could've just told me you're a zoomer and I would've understood you in less words.
I'm not meant to be strong because I have garbage muscle building genetics. I still lift weight at the gym but promising a result that might not be possible is like a future mental land mine you're planting.
But I want a gf who wants me for being short and skinny
working out destroys your body and shortens your lifespan, it's retarded
That's not how women work
you need to do some level of exercise for health
I guess my advice was misplaced. It seems the people on this board are content to live a miserable existence and complain online.
It ought to be
yeah I would love that too. Don't make yourself depressed over something that doesn't exist
The well is just poisoned anon. Too many retards have spouted if you JUST go to the gym then things will be way better. The truth is physical fitness is only one brick in the castle.
You cannot be attractive as man without going to the gym and getting a lean, fit, muscular (not too muscular tho) body.
is it wrong that i find this body type extremely attractive?
If you have good genes you benefit from working out. If you have good genes you can get a girlfriend regardless.
It depends. Are you a guy or a girl?
