Every day there is a baby boy being born and he will grow up to put his penis in pussy while I'll be a 70 year old grand wizard khhv.
Imagine that, getting mogged by the unborn.
i was 15 when this came out, some of the 18 year olds born the year this movie came out have already had more sex than i will ever experience
or give up your wizard life and BUY A WOMEN!!
only then will you finally see sex isn't all that
mogged by the unborn
hoooooly kek
Sex is mid, the nut hits the same as if you were jacking off anyway
nope only counts against wizardhood if its a casual hookup where she's into you for how you look/horny for you.
buying it is a fundamentally different psychological experience than when a woman lusts after you.
and having it when you're 18-25 with another 18-25 year old is a fundamentally different experience than having it when you're older
if sex wasn't all that, you will admit to being a virgin. if you are not a virgin, you have demonstrated by your actions (seeking out sex) that it is fundamental and important.
it is the most sought after thing in the world, people want it more than food and water and air. simple as.
yeah honestly virginity should only apply to women, the real thing can't be the same as a vibrator and nothing breaks open changing your anatomy as a man
You are clearly "choosing" your way of life, and overthinking everything, good luck with your choices
mogged by the unborn
lol, i'm 30 and there are people half my age already banging while I haven't even touched a woman in my life, it feels weird man
cope mald seethe dilate and touch grass. best of luck with your mald seething..
You conceded by not denying that you have ever had sex. Simple as. Discussion over. You were trampled.
mogged by the unborn
This will be the name of my metal band lmao
You are overthinking too much, get a hooker and see for yourself
Why are you scared to answer the question? What terrifies you so much? Don't be scared.
When I was young and immature and your age I thought like you too, but then I grew up and have a perspective that can only come from life experience. You'll get there one day.
I didn't read what you put, ,my screen is small
I understand. You are timid and want to save face.
I'm also looking for CIA diocumarnt "gateway process" and "project stargate"
ok one second I will go back and read your post, i'm thread jumping at the same time
I understand your fright.
have you read these documents?
Shutup retard turdwhore insect. Moron insect coward bitch fecal smear trash heap toilet water cockroach.
Its okay to be scared.
Me too. It really baffles me when I think that even 12 years olds have more sexual experience. Its like I've been aborted by society from ever developing into normal person.
I gave up trying to get pussy long ago. Women are lousy.
