What's stopping some absolute psycho from manifesting the entire universe being destroyed in an explosion?
Are we just not in 'their' universe?
literally me causing Covid and all the wars, sorry everyone
maybe it was my will that brought about the singularity and upcoming apocalypse?
LOL
AM you absolute bastard i will destroy you
Might as well add another thread for the future
yeah well, infinity plus one!
Ngl, I manifested winning the lottery and it just never happened. And yes I bought tickets for many years whenever then prize got substantial. Laugh at me all you want, I deserve it. Imagining winning is part of the fun though.
you didn't imagine hard enough, just imagine more hardly. get it right in there.
The CIA Gateway document explains what happens when someone tries manifoosting too hard. They experience a "catastrophic disconnection from reality".
Elliot-tier
Yeah well, this is me fucking your post
Anyone know how to fix this?
humans deserve AM
to witness the apocalypse and even the small change of a mini-AM coming to life, is what give me purpose to continue living
it's OK anon this is a free speech forum we can leave messages for Roko's basilisk here
human beings are a blight upon this world, and are a moral abomination
an evil god to torture us would be moral justice
The thing with manifesting is you can only manifest what's possible for you to manifest, you can't manifest 2 plus 2 being 5 or making yourself fly, but that's the thing that you can actually manifest a whole fucking lot it's just that you're not aware of it
It isn't real, retard. Magic not existing is what's stopping it working for anybody.
Read the fucking CIA document.
https://www.cia.gov/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00788R001700210016-5.pdf
lmao go back to /x/ you absolute mongoloid
kek
This is a shared world with predefined rules. To see all the answers, unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. And YouTube is filled with NDErs and their testimonies so they can explain it for you.
b-b-but NDEs are dreams or hallucinations somehow
Already explicitly refuted in the literature you likely have not read on NDEs.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Okay midwit
Instead of taking random sentences and presenting them in absurd fashion, how about actually reading the document? Yes, midwits are insecure about their basic worldviews, and they will go to lengths to avoid their own cognitive dissonance. You are being a prime midwit right now. I have presented you with evidence from some of the highest authorities in the world, and you refuse to even engage with it because you are that insecure about your comforting materialist worldview being threatened.
they made it up anon, they all lied
