i wonder why ugly men even bother to find girlfriends before improving their looks? if i was really ugly as a man, i would probably just focus on my hobbies
most men are average, it's your standards that are the problem
i hereby rescind your rights to post Zero Two
fatass nigga STFU.
I'm an ugly guy. I date because hot chicks love my personality and suck my cock.
these baits are so bad i dont even feel like rating them anymore
They achieve many replies every time, so still working
yeah tru I just stream over at kick.com/leafy
0/10 bad bait try again next time
I'm on /soc/ quite often and am ugly and fat so I don't get rated very high. But I still want to communicate with others and maybe try to at least make some friends, or even get a relationship. I have to try.
no you do not 
it's not bait, i'm just a curious girl but how come when a girl is honest with you guys, it's """"bait"""" and when a girl lies and tries to pander to ugly me, she's accused of being a devil?
probably lose weight? i have fat friends and even they don't date fat men
Yeah you may be right, I used dating apps but got rejected by even the big girls. I am ashamed but have to keep on eating because it's one of life's only joys for me. I just can never stop even if I try really hard.
Same reasons why fat girls try to find boyfriends
it your choice. lose weight or die alone
fat girls can easily find 100s of guys who would worship them
excuse me! Your zero two posting priveleges have been rescinded. Find a worse girl to sully. Zero Two is passionate, dominant, sweet yet scary. She takes the initiative and takes the man of her dreams whether or not others like it. Does that describe you? No.
Being ugly wasn't part of the plan. My desires, impulses, basic mode of thought would be the same had I been born with genes leading to different bone structure.
Thats just an indication of how pathetic simps are, and not that fat girls are high quality
I added a few guys from here on discord only one was actually really attractive and very charming, now I'm worried why he comes here I'm too shy to ask.
the attractive ones don't have to pretend to care about boring shit like hiking or philosophy every dweeb does now in an effort to seem interesting they just fuck whenever they feel like it and then go back to watching tiktok
i am like that with hot guys im into lol
you don't have to be a slave to your desires
but you compared people who have options (fat girls) to people who have no options (ugly men)
maybe he's trying to find a desperate girl but if he is one of those touch starved autistic yet handsome guys, he would make the best bf. trust me, i would know
You wouldn't have to add losers if you could get a hot guy. You sound more like Ichigo.
tranny-kun, this is your worst arc yet, it was nice how quiet you'd been for awhile
Im not discussing options vs. no options, Im discussing quality. Ugly guys are of objectively higher quality because at least they didnt choose to be ugly, while the fat girls go walking around carrying the weight of their poor life choices
I'd rather die alone than have to put up with vapid roasties such as yourself lol
Oh my god shut the FUCK up nobody cares
Why don't you post your own looks and picture before being an ultra judgemental bitch
You're probably just as ugly, not to mention fat and with a bunch of horrible personality traits, by virtue of being here. My suggestion to everyone here - male or female - is to lower your standards and be realistic. If you think you're getting some chiseled Chad as a mouthbreathing tubby yaoi fangirl with a smelly vagina, you're completely delusional. You'll either have some ugly pencil-necked incel or you'll be alone, so make the choice.
incels are fucking losers. they shouldn't pass their genes on then they complain about muh women all day
a hot loser is what im after
u sound very retarded
not like thats a choice hon
hm, i noticed this too. too many crappy lofi producers, internet philosophers and tradcels populate these places
i would rather continue hooking up with hot guys lol
real
Would you settle for a fat loser instead?
how am i supposed to know if i'm hot if i'm a loser? i don't interact with women since i'm a neet.
I'm not too sure if I'm ugly, what are the signs. Being a bit autistic makes it hard to determine.
But either way I don't bother trying to date, my speech goes to shit when talking with an attractive woman and it's just stress that I don't need. I also become volatile, jealous and obsessive but luckily I managed to not show the full extent of it in the past.
Would it be considered a good sign if a woman in work catered to my picky eating when making something for a company event? She was only a year older than me but has moved company by now.
look, I know you think you're hot shit because a bunch of virgin men say they want to fuck you.
But the reality is that you're not hot shit either, and you damn well know this or you'd be posting face photos on /soc/ and getting a BF easily.
know your fucking place rat.
now go and fucking block a few more ugly guys for your weekly ego boost, you empty fucking husk.
I've been cursed with the urge to find love. My hobbies just don't do it for me anymore.
If I got to choose that sorta thing, I'd leave your gender alone.
ew fucking no
strong jawline, white skin, blue eyes, full set of hair, cute smile
try tinder and you'll know?
okay but i can attract hot guys even if im fat and ugly myself
why not improve your looks?
people are capped by their genetics you dumbfuck
In that case, is my only option to just give up??
I guess it wouldn't hurt to try getting rid of my acne, and maybe there is something I can do about my teeth. Outside of that, though, I haven't a clue what I could do.
I cannot identify beauty whatsoever. I look in the mirror and see ugly, but I can't identify what's actually wrong with it.
get surgery or give up then. if woman are not attracted to you thats your only option, u are not entitled anything
if you cant improve your appearance you most likely are going to be alone forever. find some friends, a pet and some hobbies
Thanks for being real with me. And yes that is useful advice, I think it's for the best ultimately.
KEK. Impossible mode.
Why do non-virgin women think they are enitled to anything more then absolute bottom of the barrel men? I'm tall, good looking, well off and young. I have options. Why would I choose some uppity fat non-virgin slag?
try tinder and you'll know?
Only about 6 or 7 pictures of me are out there that feature my full face and I'm too autistic to take more.
Does pale as paper count, when I'm out in the sun I almost glow I'm that pale.
Yes, I do. I'm sorry that you suck (and not like my girlfriend)
I'm white, 27, and have a full head of hair...
i like a guy who makes an effort. gd luck
ure welcome
no its not
i don't need you
imaginary gf?
Why would anyone who was similiarly attractive or succesfull want you? The self admitted whore? Why would any man want your fat, disgusting, diseased body? Why would they want to tie their soul to your rotten and tattered pseudo-soul. You are not a person. You are just a cruel fascimilie of a woman, nothing more then a used sex doll driven by the unearned arrogance that you lord over the lowest of the low. Know your place mongrel creature.
idk why they want me but i have 300 messages on tinder from really attractive men
None of who will ever stick around after you have fulfilled your only use as a disposable sex toy. My advice to you, give up on ever having a relationship and just accept your place as a worthless disposable thing, because there is no going back, you will never be a person or worthy of any respect ever again.
By the way I hate fat people and snap filters so much. Like your one job as a woman is to just not balloon in to a farm animal and you can't do it. You can be more attractive than over 3/4 of women by just NOT doing something. But you can't even do that you worthless cow. No you don't have thyroid issues fuck you.
My obese friend put a picture of his hairy lard stomach as his picture on tinder then set his profile to female. He got more than 300 likes doing that so you must be ultra hideous.
