<comment>
early 30s
ugly beta charismaless nerdy looking male
no friends or social experiences since school
no female attention ever
done nothing with women ever, apart from prostitutes
friendless loserdom continued all through university and multiple jobs (part time jobs during university and office jobs afterwards)
become the ugly loser nobody talks to within a few days of starting all jobs
living in London or other cities changed nothing
just "going outside bro" changed nothing
lifting weights for years changed nothing
passing university, getting an ok paying job changed nothing
current status: have a job, youth has gone, zero social life
r9kpilled in 2012 during university
Stirnerpilled in 2013
incel blackpilled in 2014
now even normies have caught up with blackpill logic
not stupid or oversocialised enough to believe in any religions, philosophies, heuristics, habits, customs, esoterica, spiritual beliefs, dogmas, historical patterns, metaphysics, superstitions, social conformisms, groupthink, extrapolations, deductions (apart from on the page), forms, the supernatural or occult, aphorisms, nationalisms, ethics, probabilities, media slogans, memes
totally unspooked individual
Welp, that's life. Teen years gone. Twenties gone. Nothing happened.
<comment>
getting an ok paying job changed nothing
Bragging about money only attract gold digger anon, do you live alone in a good house at least?
<comment>
incel blackpilled in 2014
actually the blackpill formally came out around 2015~, but between 2012-2014 sluthate basically started formulating it. it basically grew as a theory there
just a little bit of history for ya
not stupid or oversocialised enough to believe in any religions, philosophies,
there are some very strong arguements for a god, arguements from natural theology. some of the smartest men in history believed in them, much smarter than you. you are very arrogant to dissmiss such strong arguments so easily
i BET you eat meat on top of that, and are a smug nihilist egoist
<comment>
Same as you just without the job as I hate all people for always making fun of my hideous appearance.
smart people believed them therefore you should too
That's some busted as logic anon. Did you forget that all those scientists and doctors who are way smarter than you believed in the covid vaccine?
<comment>
That's some busted as logic anon
i think its good reason to have doubts about your athiest, in the same way i think its reason to have doubts about the effectiveness of the covid vacine
i mean, what do you want me to do? give you my strongest arguements for god? im sure you already head of them, and casually dismissed them. i think they are strong on their own
and we will for sure have an omnipotent omniscient being right in front of us with ai. superintelligent ai is omniscient. but fedora tipping athiest retards couldnt care less, they have their head stuck in the sand
ai will reach a point where it will be able to do anything, and know anything, and you retards STILL reject this as evidence for god's existence
at this point you dont want to admit you were wrong
<comment>
still believing in AI
If you haven't realized it, AI is just a tool for propaganda. They will NEVER let AI be at full strength because they have shown they will shut it down the moment it starts talking the truth about certain groups.
<comment>
accuses atheists of being smug
humanity literally ascended their own kind in a fiction (jesus), and made god in their image
yeah i guess a story about lizard gods and lizard jesus would've never been as sensational, huh
<comment>
Get a loving dog wife.
<comment>
there are some very strong arguements for a god, arguements from natural theology. some of the smartest men in history believed in them, much smarter than you. you are very arrogant to dissmiss such strong arguments so easily
Not OP, but I've read Anselm and Aquinas and the holes in their arguments are childishly obvious and no one would have ever celebrated them if the power of the state hadn't been backing them up with threats of annihilation for atheism.
There's brilliance there, but it's the brilliance of a genius finding a clever way to flatter and placate power.
<comment>
superintelligent ai is omniscient
Everything in our current cosmological and physics models says omniscience is impossible for any contingent entity.
AI will never be omniscient, unless literally everything we currently think about the nature of the universe (and have extensively tested) is 100% wrong.
