I don't want to be racist, I hang out purely with libs and commies and the like, call out bigots in real life and such but deep down I just can't deny that I fucking hate blacks god damn, I hate the way they talk, their music, their culture, how the look just fucking everything anybody feel like this?
Don't worry, so do your lib and commie friends. It's all virtue signaling. If they didn't hate them then they wouldn't partake in white flight so much.
Is that a real thing in evolution of behavior? Like i could explain OP's case in leftism can't fix human insticts but wtf is virtue signaling, i never got it
Is that a real thing in evolution of behavior?
Abso-fucking-lutely.
Essentially virtue signaling works to help elevate one's status socially. You say you're in favor of things you're not really in favor of(usually because you're actually quite anti-social) but will make you look like a good person and in doing so you better maintain relationships and are more likely to get a position of power. Just think of all of the hypocritical politicians, business men, clergymen, etc..
hate black men, love black women
simple as
i think we shouold deport all black men and give every black woman a loving white husband
I hate both actually... the average black woman is hideous when compared to the average white, latin or asian woman
key word- average
also you shouldn't be so shallow, ugly people deserve love too
i hate black men because of their disorderliness and criminality, not because of aesthetics
Black women also commit crimes.
90% of violent crimes are commited by men. that makes white men more criminal than black women.
ofc all criminals should hang regardless of sex and gender
You don't hate blacks, you hate African Americans.
Honestly, yeah. I live in a diverse city in Europe and it's usually the whites getting into trouble. It's just American culture promoting violence and shitty behaviour so much, it makes sense that while they hate African Americans, the rest of the world just dislikes Americans.
