What makes someone content to live with as little effort as possible, even if it makes their own life shit in the long run? I ask this sincerely, are there any anons who have given up who can illuminate the thought process?
*YAAAAAAWN*
Ohhh wagieeeee. Enjoying your weekend? Another day and then you can go back on your "grindset", or whatever that makes you fucking cuck. Gotta make your ends meet, after all.
You have nothing to say that could impact anyones life in any meaningful way.
I just stretched really nicely. I'm really comfy rn
What makes someone content to live with as little effort as possible
content
you don't become content as much as tired. Resignation is not the same as tranquility, especially when it doesn't happen on your own terms. You will never be truly content with your circumstances.
This is where substance abuse comes in for many people I'd wager. Still didn't happen to me but then again I'm not as old as most.
I'm too vain to go full NEET, but it makes sense when you get down to it. Housing and food could be covered through either welfare or family, entertainment can be had practically for free thanks to the Internet, and everything else is more of a status symbol than actually being necessary or meaningful for your life. The only things you'd entirely miss out on are travelling (overrated imho) and starting a family of your own. If you can cope without those, there's no real reason why you should be working.
its fine to do that if you are happy and dont suffer
problem is, you suffer a lot. for some people the suffering is so unbearable and they cant do anything about it, so they off themselves
And what do you do if your family chooses to no longer support you, and you are forced to make your own way in the world? Welfare, or minimum wage, is not enough to survive, or live with the comforts that one prioritizes.
If you don't wanna work,
Then THAT becomes your job,
With lots of overtime, 
And not many days off!
The only thing in this world I actually want, I cannot have. There is no point putting any effort into this life. Just give me a warm, dry place to sleep and a laptop.
Welfare, or minimum wage, is not enough to survive, or live with the comforts that one prioritizes
it can be, depending on what country you're in.
Where I live, it is not enough, or just barely enough, for rent on a basic place. Never mind food and additional costs.
I have quite a few Hobbies which cost money, but aren't a status symbol. I probably wouldn't be content without at least one hobby.
Hobbies are healthy and a motivation to keep going in life.
My hobbies generally consist of making stuff. Ive build guitar like instruments, amplifiers, slingshots, crossbows, clothing, home improvement, paintings, wooden cutlery etc...
yes, and people can live in other places
this only depends on what your hobbies are. I play piano and read, but neither of those require a significant amount of money when I can just get sheet music or e-books online
Entirely missing the point. If you can not afford a basic life where you currently are, you cannot afford to just up and leave to a different country. I rarely call people retard here, but that was retarded.
why would I have to move to a different country when I already live in one where welfare would cover basic living?
I never claimed that everyone could live like the NEET life, only that it makes sense for some people.
What makes someone content to live with as little effort as possible, even if it makes their own life shit in the long run? I ask this sincerely, are there any anons who have given up who can illuminate the thought process?
You can only get burnt by bad luck so many times until you give up and/or suspect something else is up.
Trying sucks I have my bf I have my pets I genuinely don't care about the future. As long as we can be comfy I don't care. 
I attribute this to just getting shit on too much in life/career/just in general. A woman can only take so much crap until she goes hmm ok I will just do the bare minimum. What am I supposed to do keep killing myself and faking my personality to get a normalfag career that will make me want to rope daily just so I can make dorrah? No thanks I found it out. I solved life. Just do the least amount of work to get the max amount of fun. Fun is spending time with loved ones animals and nature. Work is gay. If you disagree you are gay. Eat my musty unshowered pussy
You brought up people being able to live in other places, when I mentioned someone here being unable to afford to live. You were wrong, dont try to move the goalpost.
This post basically sums up why women live on ezmode and why so few women self improve to a meaningful degree. They simply don't have to. I don't even mean this as an insult, but your male equivalent would be an incel, and yes I know you don't care about that.
Useful in something
*some big talkin asshole comes out of nowhere hearing about your skill(s)* "GREAT!!! I hear you can do x and y? Ill pay you good but we need you at the office all week! You are just that good! Awesome see you there!!!"
USELESS but you just doing what you want
"You are joke and waste of space. Have fun being a nobody for the rest of life"
Try learning something after realizing you are "useless"
"What are you doing? Work doing all the shit jobs. What? Education? That doesnt sound like you will be working any faster here so why bother? You should work harder before you can think of even doing that since you are useless after all."
You can never win.
okay, well that's not what I meant. when I said "live in" I meant it as people already living there, not moving to a new country. if I had meant moving to another place, I would have said "move to".
Fair, but also to be fair then, what you brought up was useless to the discussion. Still, my bad for misinterpreting.
This would be a more meaningful taunt if the overwhelming majority of you NEET scum weren't on this board whining about your terrible, terrible "pain" 24/7 since its inception.
There are miserable people in every demographic, but when I calculate the percentages in my head, I realize that 95% of NEETs (or maybe even more) drone on and on all day about their "suffering", and the percentage of wagies who do that is much, much lower.
How do you explain that?
What makes someone content to live with as little effort as possible
Depending on your life circumstances it doesn't matter how much effort you put in: your life won't improve much. In these cases it's best to not put in any effort at all to reduce stress, fatigue and wasted time.
One of two things, I think
The first is practicality. If you don't think you can get what you want, or if you're too risk averse and think the price of failure is too great, then you don't bother chasing it.
The second is maintenance. Once you get something you have to keep maintaining it. There's never anything in this world that's yours forever. Sisyphus and his rock.
What makes someone content to live with as little effort as possible, even if it makes their own life shit in the long run?
Are we supposed to skry the context needed to understand your retarded vaguepost from a crystal ball?
This. I had nothing to prove to him, but I am very well paid to work 3 days a week with minimal responsibility, and I do more of what I want in a week than work. 
I feel he is upset with his own failures and presenting his position as the superior one in an attempt to gain feelings of power which he lacks in his daily life. I do not care if someone chooses to not work, but I do care if they leech off of the people that care about them.
Neither do you, so why does it matter.
You have nothing of value to add to the conversation anyway.
make thread throwing shade at NEETs
NEETs make fun of wagies
wagies seethe
lol
but when I calculate the percentages in my head
I'm no match for an INTJ that can calculate things like that on the fly. That's crazy
I feel he is upset with his own failures
*YAAAAAAAAAAAAAWN*
Whatever you need to tell yourself. Hope you have an exciting week!
I will, maybe I'll spend your tax money on another hooker, lol
The thread didn't start as throwing shade. OP asked a legitimate question, which I rephrased. It basically boils down to:
Since almost all the NEETs here are completely miserable, why do you think that NEETing will make you happy? What's the goal or plan? Do you think it will eventually make you happy, and if so by what mechanism?
I'm no match for an INTJ that can calculate things like that on the fly.
It's not on the fly.
I know wagies in real life, which is not surprising considering the fact that I am one. And there are NEETs on this board. All I have to do is listen to them.
Now, a *sensible* counterargument would be to say that the people I know in real life are hiding their misery and being insincere, and that the happy NEETs are not on this board because this board is for miserable people.
I don't think that argument stands up, really, but it would at least be a THEORY.
I'm unfortunately not a diviner wizard either.
i think that reinforces the neet anon's point ironically enough. the main thing you like about your job enough to bring up is the lack of actually having to work
Since almost all the NEETs here are completely miserable, why do you think that NEETing will make you happy? What's the goal or plan? Do you think it will eventually make you happy, and if so by what mechanism?
i've been both a NEET and a wagie. i can't speak for others, but the difference for me is
NEET is more enjoyable in the short term, but the feeling that nothing will change and this cannot last and that you're trapped in your current situation got to me
wagie is much more miserable. i hate my job, there isn't a day i'm on the clock where i wouldn't rather be doing something else, being someone else. but i wageslave in hopes that i can stop fucking doing this, and be doing that something else i want to do instead
the difference to me is NEETing is unsustainable comfort while wageslaving is desparate suffering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqYjCXCqMbs [Embed]
ha ha ha
ha ha ha
im laughing at your face, at your life, like
ha ha ha
soon, anon. soon, we will have ai take over all jobs. soon, you too will be neet
in like 5 years, most computer programming jobs will be obsolete
in 5 years, there will be no trucking jobs
ai will take over more and more jobs
hahaHAHAHAHAHAH
you think you are superior to neets? you enjoy kicking the losers who have nothining in life?
soon, you too will be automated away, FORCED into neetdom. all the issues of being jobless, like higher suicide rates, non-existent dating options, no meaning in life, degenerating away
all those problems will be yours, in due time. ai is advancing so fucking fast, you cant apprecaite it.
thats why im alive! ai will end human dominated society
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVSpCezVglQ [Embed]
like another anon said in this thread its not about being content, its resignation. escapism to cope. 
at least some of us have tried hard to fit in. i have read books, read about psychology, philosophy, seen videos analyzing mannerisms and ways of talking, practiced in front of mirrors, worked out, bought clothes, dieted, cleaned daily, basically tried brute forcing myself into becoming something else. sooner or later i hit a wall and cant get up again, fall into total resignation, lie down and rot. i've tried getting back up again but i have never had anything near the motivation i had the first time around because it didn't work then.
now everything is just escapism. every now and then i get so immersed i feel disassociated and have get hit by a ton of bricks realizing how shit my life turned out. it never goes away. it gets worse and worse because each passing year the hope that things might turn out all right in the end becomes fainter.
i have never been anyones first choice except when relatives want to move something or need a ride to the airport but beyond that nothing. every time i have spoken to people i went to class with i reached out. times i got cordial with coworkers i did the work keeping conversations going, if i dont its dead silence for 8 hours. as if i dont notice this shit. and notice that other people can meet random strangers and just get equally engaged in talking.
this cannot last
it can if you get on welfare
 the main thing you like about your job enough to bring up is the lack of actually having to work
This is fair, but I never said that was what I mainly liked. I only brought that up as he was talking about how people have to work all week and live for the weekend, so his point was moot when people have careers with schedules like mine.
Why would you work if you come home to no-gf anyway?
Sorry I dont feel like slaving as officedrone just for having to dust off 3 additional nogames-consoles, an over-riced car and a new shiny phone every 6 months
women dont find me sexy enough yet
and having a job and money doesnt count
I genuinely dont even mind working for the weekend. Ive been NEET for 8 years and found that like this song lyric puts it
Not working and trying to entertain yourself / maintain a state of constant escapism is quite a full time job. There's no such thing as reward or free time or any Holliday if you're living the NEET life, as you're already in that state... 
Free time is the yellow highlighter from your middle school days. 
If you highlight only the most important stuff, its a really useful and good thing to have, 
But if everything is highlighted, nothing actually is standing out and you wasted yellow ink
yet
Hahahahahahahah
You really expect us to believe that you're doing self improvement? Your on r9k, this is where dreams die and resentment is born
