Wanna know something funny? My gf is an unironic nazi but I am 1/4 black. Lol.
females cant hold strong political opinions
Yeah I noticed this. But to be fair I dont think guys can either. Look at all the polfags who have a fetish for black and Asian women. Nazism seems like a cope. Sometimes she goes on rants but I just ignore her and pat her head when she is done lol.
Your gf is not a nazi.
She is. She votes for the only extreme right wing party in our country. She spends 3/4 of her income on collecting nazi memorabilia and clothing. She has around 5-6 vintage nazi soldiers hats, helmets and coats, two full SS uniforms (the first one was too large for her because it was a tall mans size, but she finally found one that was for a manlet and it fits her perfectly, she cried from happiness when she found it on a Nazi memorabilia website kek) She says racemixing is evil but says its okay with me because I am 75% white. Her goal is to find hitlers (real) hair and ask a lab to clone him from it one day. She doesnt believe that he was cremated but thinks he is buried somewhere in Austria or Germany. She said she wants to get married at the eagles nest.
I am 1/4 black.
does she know?
I have green eyes and curly brown hair. I think its pretty obvious I am part black, but she didnt suspect at first. After a while I told her and she said it was okay because I am mostly white and our kids will be 90% white.
True
lmaooooooooo the absolute state of white women. Even white supremacists can't resist BBC. She reminds me of the "people" here who thirst after Brittany Venti
I look kinda like a male Venti, but my skin is a bit darker and my eyes arent FAS tier like hers. My gf doesnt have a BBC fetish but luckily I am black from the waist down anyway kek.
Wasnt there another famous nazi girl who dresses in nazi uniforms but was dating a brown guy?
My gf doesnt have a BBC fetish
I am black from the waist down anyway
Slowly introduce raceplay to her. She wants it. Choke her while dicking her down and call her a white devil
White supremacists (male and female) were made for BBC
You mean Amanda Linz? Yeah but her bf just looks Italian or something to me.
She is not a nazi if she's dating someone who's 1/4 black.
Demonstrably false. Many Nazis married Jewish or partly Jewish women.
White supremacists (male and female) were made for BBC
Black female hands wrote your post.
Race mixing is basically the most degenerate thing known to nazis. They would consider her dating OP to be impure and basically a crime against humanity.
She is not a nazi sorry. She might like nazi memorabilia but her practices makes her not a nazi.
she is not a true nazi then kek what a fucking edgelord
i fear i am falling for b8
Lol based. I hope your kids don't look like weird freaks though
our country
and what country is that? if it's my country, I'm gonna fucking LAUGH
our kids will be 90% white.
what ever happened to oen drop?Nazis are a fucking joke kek
what does 1/4 even mean is one of your grandparents black?
are you retarded do you not know how fractions work
She's not a nazi, just an idiot lol!
Plenty of mixed race kids have light eyes and hair and plenty of fully white people have black hair and brown eyes. White as a concept is literally nonsense pseudoscience invented by American schizos in the 19th century.
i know, im more so laughing at the fact that the nazi is not adhering to her own autism, they truly cannot resist the BBC.
T.mulattoanon
i am retarded now could you pls explain
This is cope. Nazism is just a political ideology. Anyone can identify as a Nazi.
samefaggen
Ofc yes you dumbass
but wouldnt that make one of his parents very dark skinned too which would make this like a 30% or 35%
anon's grandmother is black, anon's grandfather is black, that makes anon's dad 50% black.
Anon's mom is white and Anon's dad is 50% black
anon is 25% black, 25% is the same as 1/4 black
if anon has a kid with nazi gf, anon's son will be 12.5% black, so anon's nazi gf rounded it to 10%black and 90%white
thnk you veryy much
anytime tardanon, youre very cute!
These larp threads are just becoming comical at this point, you don't have a girlfriend, let alone a "nazi" girlfriend.
