how do you win over a korean girls heart?
thats all i want in life
i just want one for me. ideally an autistic one
i dont want of any other race
in terms of weight, im water fasting to be skiny skiny like the koreans. i did 36 days earlier this year, and ill do another 40 days soon
i am in hell, and god smugly enjoys my suffering
Korean girls have 0 ass. How do you win a curvy girls heart?
Korean girls have 0 ass
yeah... but that doesnt matter too much for me. i just find them dreamy and they constitute all of my fantasies. i want to experience love with a korean girl, thats who i fantasize about. the way they speak, their cutthroat ass-backwards culture, their obsession with looks, having the highest beauty standard in the world, highest suicide rate in the world
i just find them the dreamiest
i have no idea
i think theres a lot of merit to thinking things through and planning. despite my meager existence, i have done some absolutely herculian tasks in the past. ones that i never even thought i was capable of, just with passion, deliberate planning, and constant effort
surely its possible for me to get a korean girl who fits well with me, if enough effort and careful planning is put into it. theres power in your will. if you think about it, everything you do stems from your will, and i will to put my hands on a korean girls neck
plus, these threads really put a hamper on my suicidal thoughts. its better than dreaming of junking off a tall bridge all day
Are you attractive?
Most likely not since you are here
Are you rich?
Being a english teacher in Korea wont impress anyone like in Thailand
This will give you one up compared to most
If you aren't Chad i wouldnt recommend Korea. You are going to get brutally mogged by everyone. The beauty standards are SKY high.
God I wish I had this. Meanwhile I'm just a cucked westoid who can't get bitches in this hellscape capitalist system
White guys are Pajeet tier in Korea.
Are you attractive?
i have the bone structure, but im fat right now, and i should get some facial surgeries and looksmax. to be honest, for years i kind of gave up, but i cant live my life without trying
when i was young i was good looking and had girls give me valentines cards every year and stuff, but i was autistic and shy, and i only fell in love with one girl and thats all i cared for
Are you rich?
nah im poor af
Can you speak the language?
i was just thinking of this! i think this is very doable for me. tired in the past to learn it, but i gave up. i can try again, this time with more passion. ive done harder things than learn a language
i know, but id rather get a old korean hag than just about any white girl. i have to follow what brings me joy
even if this is the case, i still want to try. i dont care if i get unwanted korean girls
im not chad, i just want to love on a girl
plus doing this is preferable to laying in bed with suicidal thoughts all day
Want this?
Nobody would believe me otherwise, so I attached a relevant screenshot. 
I met my Korean gf on Reddit, r4r to be exact. I put out a post including a picture of myself, saying that I am looking for a relationship. My gf happened to be one of the women who saw my post and reached out to me. We hit it off almost instantly, even though I know practically nothing about Korean culture.
I still cannot believe posting on Reddit actually worked for me. Reality is oftentimes stranger than fiction.
Korean girl from South Korea using reddit that u met somehow on r4r..
yea this is absolutely strange and not common, but good for you anon.
I want a church going ultraconservative korean gf
Fantasy is just a fantasy. When you get with a korean girl youll find out they are exactly the same as western women. They wont put up with your shit, they wont be into watching anime and doing cool k-drama related things you think they like, they wont be cute and overly coy. You probably like them more because they seem like a preferable version to western women but they are the same as women here just different appearance. Try to date someone close to you first.... stop trying to engage in escapism itll only make you worse..
Her bf in that webm mogs you facially. Plastic surgery-maxx to get your Korean gf anon. They're chadsexuals like the rest
ill keep things to myself
this thread is so painfully cringe
i was in pain and depressed when i made this thread
fuck you
who wouldnt
ur a normie. must be nice living on easy mode
Honestly, posting on r4r yielded far better results than I was expecting. I got around 40ish DMs from women all around the world. Of the women who included pics, most of them were actually quite attractive. I would say 80 percent were from Asia, mostly the Philippines, India, and Indonesia. I wasnt actively seeking out an Asian or Korean gf, but she happened to be the woman I clicked with the most by far.
I think the reason I got so many responses is because I included a silly picture of myself that was flattering, and I actually put effort into making my post sound interesting. Most of the guys who post on r4r dont include pictures and put in almost zero effort into their posts. We men dont get the luxury to be bland, boring, or unoriginal. Cest la vie.
Stormy doesn't deserve this beatdown...
