On his twitch stream, Hasan Piker-a very Handsome, 6'4 white Turk, said he had around 2000 lays. And that he had 200 5 years ago
Basically saying that in this tinder age where looks has become absolutely everything, he got 1800 in five years.
Now leaving room for him embellishing, let's just say it's 1500.
That's 300 fucking lays a year for 5 years.
This guy is only semi famous.
JFL. Female nature is just so fucking messed up and BRUTAL.
All the women are fucking 5% of guys while 95% rot . They are LAUGHING at us.
No matter WHAT YOU DO, "your" woman will cheat on you with Hasan Piker.
All your efforts are PURELY FOR YOU and your self esteem if you cannot get into that 5% bracket. Eventually it ain't really gonna matter with women. They all want Hasan and similar Gigagigagiga Chads.
He rounds up his height from 6'2 to 6'4, multiplies his bodycount with 10 and desperately pretends to be white despite being a turkroach. Despite all his money and looks, he's still an insecure coward and it's reflected in every fibre of his being. He's spiritually still that fat incel nerd he tried to looksmaxx away from.
cope the post the movie the game
yes but his surname is "piker"
Someone post the kick gif please it kills me
hasan is probably richer than sam
cope
stopped reading right there
Its a sad day when r9k gapes their asshole over some successful faggot influencer over Sam Hyde. Chasing that Vpussy by any means nessesary.
at least I'm not a sex addict hehe
sam hates you like all his other fans 
you are an albatross
he is a fishie
it's hilarious seeing him try to act as this super-tough dude, yet it's so clear that he's on roids. and he skips leg day too, he's got a big upper body then tiny spindly legs
and he slinks away from actually getting physical with anyone because he "doesn't want to give them publicity", despite him constantly giving publicity to similar figures constantly
at least he isn't an overweight pedophilic horsefucker like vaush, i'll give him that
wish i had it, that shit was fucking hilarious
Pick one
Hasan would execute you and your family for being white and confiscate your resources like commie he is
Here's him DEMOLISHING a medium bag. Steer clear, chuds
easily true
people have no clue
Fucking normalfag
hasan is a faggot who only got where he is because he has connections to the cuck over at the young turks. he lives in america and whines about how shit the west is even though the average turkish citizen would kill to be living his lifestyle.
You are a consumerist mindslave if you have some weird need for the people you admire to show you fake kindness I would hate Sam in real life guy is a retard asshole. I respect him more than the kike trying to climb the social media hierarchy by being the biggest man whore simp around.
who honestly gives a fuck what some douchebag does
and wow the level of cucking just from the universe is so deep just communists sweeping up souls
based. i hope all those lays were bareback.
Not saying it's impossible to have a lay with a different girl a day but it's a lot of time and effort.
How stupid are you OP? You actually believe someone from the Internet and think they tell the truth?
well guess what, HASAN; you'll never love my (not) Kacey gf as much as I do!
I kind of see it now, this is totally fucked up...the trump thing, the biden, socialism, all of it, the incels the cucking. I'm good bro...and hasan does just basically talk about whites being miserable but then the /pol/fags are just cucking it all with just them obsessed with inequality it's all rock and hard place you can't play it's game.
The guy doesn't have a job and doesn't do anything to contribute to society other than drugs and a shitty podcast.
Like most chads and alpha male primates in nature , all he does is lay around all day, eat and fuck the females while the beta bucks support society
idk but he has this onions aura around him
Doubt it and don't care even if it's true. He's probably riddled with STDs and has to scrape the red itchy barnacles off his cock and balls every morning.
and then with the shadow to attack it is to make it stronger, it's all retarded
Yes I'm the mindslave not you defending your Internet boyfriend
and he still wont fight sam hyde
There's no way his body count is any higher than 5-10
they like all just want to kill incels too it's totally insane
hasan wanna guest star in kick.com/leafy 's streams
and it's the simp thing it's just 100% power and with all these force multipliers it's just OP but you'll realize conservatives are pure evil in this as well but it's all just about telling you to kys and corrupting people satanically and that's about it, a giant clown world like spawned in a short time now there's just insane body count from normie and it's just so that conservatives can cuck themselves
this dude roids for THAT? LOL
Pick one you steppe chink loving nigger.
Life is a cruel joke
bro thats a 120lb bag - you couldnt even move it.
He isn't moving it either, the bag is touching the floor. Hasan won't even fight a punching bag if it's swinging back at his general direction
120lb ain't shit, you twink. Post arms. I want to see how skinny as shit you are
Also his build is shit considering he does roids
see and it's just hasan piker, cucking the fuck out of the western world, and it's only been in like the span of a war basically, and everyone was part of the energy that went into the cucking of themselves and others 
people watched their loved ones die of covid while hasan was cucking them
and sexually though many conservatives are not even communists
Does he do roids? He seems just to be privileged upperclassman who does nothing but eat in front of pc while collecting money from retarded leftists who think he will somehow save them from capitalism while he uses that money to live lavishly, stuff his face with food and drink some designer cough syrop looking beverages while he buys clothes, jewellery and pay for personal trainers.
Turkish people aren't this either. They're just mystery meat kebabs of different people in that geographic area.
Turkish people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWvma9aWGTY [Embed]
Steppe people
https://youtu.be/uLOywk3lfcI?t=12 [Embed]
Okay
Hasan is transracist. He shapeshifts between poc and white whenever it suits his "argument". He also sees himself as hard working "working class". He literally said "you think I didn't had to work hard? you think I was born 6'5? I had to work hard for everything". He's a fucking joke.
we'll never win, that's how it is
i memeber the armenian space war
I saw this fag on a train once, he looks like a woman from a distance
Even then he's too much of a bitch to go up against Sam Hyde, and gets real defensive when people bring it up instead of just saying he's not interested. The best part is that he's a supposed socialist. Clown world indeed.
what would be the gain? he gets knocked out, loses cred. he knocks out Sam.. wins cred.
Jstew>streaming faggots
I miss this jew like you wouldn't believe.
wow it must be true if the twitch dot tee vee communist said so. neither of those groups are known to lie for attention.
I don't respect women anymore...
not after this
