43 years old, a mother of 4, still having casual sex with strangers, sucking on camera and whoring herself out for reddit updoots (also lol at blurring her eyes as if it's gonna help) - fucking seriously? How can one be so proud of doing this especially at the age of 43? Why would they ever allow posting shit like this? 
And I thought that wisdom and maturity comes with age. Imagine being one of her children, what a fucking embarassment. Few things are more humiliating than knowing that your mother is a cheap whore sucking stranger's dicks and entertaining strangers on the internet.
why do you think adults suddenly stop having a sex drive? you're horny you're entire life.
Hypergamy never sleeps. Hypergamy cannot afford to wait wait. When a better option presents itself, women will take it
How can one be so proud of doing this especially at the age of 43?
lol if you think people regret their partying days.....
Incels are a hilarious mix of pearl clutching puritan and depraved porn addict.
it's not like 4chan is a paragon of virtue though
Most mothers do this, she's just honest about it
Degenerate its what's viewed as cool and appreciable by normalshits. The average person feels that pleasure is the most enjoyable thing they can get out of life. I'm guilty of it too in my own way but its by way of binge eating and spending retarded amounts of money on food unnecessarily
Your mistake is judging others for being degenerate.
Degenerate is a meaningless moralfag term. All it means is, your lifestyle offends me, which isnt an argument but an appeal to emotion. Sex is not a sin, its a normal natural healthy part of human life. Your warped Abrahamic view of sex is the real issue here, not other peoples lives.
it looks like she's having a time of her life, keep seething incel
women enacting pornography isn't sexually empowering or a normal expression of a sex drive. trying to please men or improve your sense of self by acting like a slut is something a woman her age should've grow out of. maturity does mean refraining posting pornography online embarrassing yourself and your children by going "teehee i'm such a milf!" 
if this is found by anyone she knows it's not just her who'll suffer but her children. and why, because she deserves to be horny at 40? really goes to show how foids have fallen, from seeing pornography for what it was to onlyfans and the delusion itt.
honesty = posting it online
most mothers do deepthroat training
No sex drive tends to decrease with age, especially after 40. Being a horny animal at this age is just embarassing. There's nothing more repulsive than old people trying to appear sexual
Imagine being one of her children
I would cum so hard.
Where is the hypergamy in this example, you retarded nigger? She is just a prostitute. Are Redditors billionaire Chads?
Cumskins everyone.
Are Redditors billionaire Chads?
Compared to 4chuds? Yes.
43 years old, a mother of 4, still having casual sex with strangers
Awesome
