She will break him. Women don't care if you are disabled or if you are at your lowest. Hypergamy. Never. Sleeps.
He will wake up with an empty bank account, a broken heart, and a subpoena to show up in court to give over MINIMUM half his property to her 
He will pay for forensic accounts to sweep every last one of his assets so they can forfeit HIS belongings to her as she FUCKS ANOTHER MAN in """his""" house
If a severely deformed cripple can get pussy what's your excuse?
If a garbage man won the lottery what's your excuse for not being rich?
He will be asset raped, humiliated, and discarded by her. Clock is ticking
She is literally fucking Crisp Rat while Ricky is forced to listen
And Ricky has to fund it all. Such is the fate of a sub-9 male
Not being retarded.
I did get pussy in the past and that very same bitch told me she would only pay half of the cost of a mortgage if the ENTIRE mortgage was under her name.
This is what they're like in this day and age
Actually they did a go fund me to get them to stay longer. Ricky's fans literally getting him cucked
Ricky's gonna learn the hard way that cuckin ain't easy
He's fucking famous? Retard.
It's funny because you can tell by every single picture she is cucking him and only wants money even in the cutesy videos you can see how fake she is. I hate this whore.
I was kind of wondering what your takes were. I don't keep up with Ricky but I saw this bitch a few days ago and I thought pretty much the same as all of you
If you check her instagram its mostly pics of herself doing e-girl shit like cutesy kawaii stuff but if you go to HIS instagram is mostly videos with her. The instagram is @sushimewew now compare it with ricky's instagram oh my god. What a fucking bitch I hope he realizes she is using him for clout...
Is this cripplechan guy hotwheels?
Agreed. Should have gotten a loving dog wife.
Im surprised so many low IQ anons with so much bravado has no idea why this is occuring.
Shes what we call a devotee type. Shes attracted to disabled people.
Thats how Wheelz or whatever his name the guy who founded 8 chan got a girlfriend.
