Trannies should just give it up. I don't wish you death just stop pretending to be something you will never be. as a woman it's simply a biological reality. You can't identify into it. Get over yourself. Egotistical fag. 
If I met you in real life I'd spit in your putrid face
And yet you will live the rest of your life dealing with more and more trannies, and being a chudcel is only going to get less and less socially acceptable. Soon you will go from being alone because you're hateful prick to being alone because the entire world has passed you by, and there will be nowhere left for you to seethe. Rent free.
You are free to try Anon, you'd get pepper spayed, and once you start wriggling on the ground like a worm I will force open your eyelids and further spray your eyes with it.
OP's picture
Me on the left
If you ever met me irl you wouldn't known I was trans, because I pass, cope and seethe.
Pass on to the next life.
Well they don't really control it do they
Even personality disorders don't have a cure so a cure for transpipo seems distant
pretty disingenuous image op
Just because that tranny's ugly and balding doesn't mean the rest of them are.
I think even most trannies would agree the one in your pic shouldn't have transitioned.
OPs "disingenuous image" is what yours will be in 10 years. its inevitable.
YWNBAW
Not now, not tomorrow and not ever.
because I pass
You are the coping one
Trans people age fine. The ones who are hideous were hideous before they started hrt.
with age theyll turn into old men and not old women
It makes me feel so good knowing I will never be homeless thanks to you guys.
ignorant retard detected
Just because that tranny's ugly and balding doesn't mean the rest of them are.
Hahaha even kim petri dish looks like shit
I like pics where the trannies sound upset because they are on the road to regret and not being freaks anymore hopefully
I hate trannies too but the honposting is really disingenuous. Why shouldn't a cute 18 year old fag take HRT and be a cute fucktoy? Because some old ugly boomer decided to come out as female at 60? Where's the logic kek?
Ah yes, hrt gives you boobs and makes you lactate, yet you will still age like a man.
Your iq is the current limbo world champion.
The twink can't escape twink death with estrogen he is better off getting fit and just aging gracefully
YWNBAW
Dilate and kill yourself; you will.
we all age therefore it's pointless to stave off aging and be cute, also I have authority over what you do with your body!!!!!
Seriously WHAT THE FUCK are you even saying? Tranny politics are cringe and annoying but anti-trannies are just as irrational.
yet you will still age like a man.
Yeah let's not enjoy anything because everything ages and deteriorates, boohooo
Post selfie, troon
Incels have higher suicide rates than trannies, stop coping.
I'm a man, baby.
guys most trannies look like this
I swear trust me look at these handpicked images I found online
both you and OP are retarded. irl trannies are nothing like either of those. they just look like mid 20s fat guys who couldn't get a girl and brainwashed themselves through masturbation and porn
42% and counting tranny faggot
YWNBAW
Me on the right
Post selfie and prove it then
YWNBAW
Yes, just like you will never be a man.
with age theyll turn into old men and not old women
Women masculinize with age because of menopause where their ovaries stop producing estradiol.
Trannies get the same levels of estradiol unless they decide to stop taking it.
Not a tranny myself but my boomer mom took tranny drugs when she hit menopause.
You can dilate but you cannot change chromosomes.
YWNBAW
Not him, but I was born with a peepee. I'm a man, chud
42%
I think the 41% meme was for attempts, not successes, and also includes from before they transitioned, meaning becoming trannies made their suicidal tendencies lessen.
Every tranny suicide makes Jesus smile.
Left is Right
So then if I make my profile pic the one on the right, that makes me the left?
W0NW0W
I don't need to change my chromosomes. I'm a biological man I love it. I even have a huge cock (8x6).
Not him, but I was born with a peepee. I'm a man, chud
A penis alone is not enough to make you a man, you need balls too, and I can tell you were born without those whatever gender you started with.
A penis alone is not enough to make you a man, you need balls too, and I can tell you were born without those whatever gender you started with.
I would show you, but you'd probably masterbate to it like the mentally ill degen that you are
t. tranny cope 
Only a dead tranny is a good tranny.
OK, you don't sound like you're arguing in good faith and seem to keep willfully ignoring facts so you can continue being angry at trannies.
Why do you even hate them knowing how you must know by now that everything you've used as a basis for this hate is actually bullshit? Most of them aren't like the stereotype image you have of them.
irrational
for saying a man is a man
Uhhh ooook
I would show you, but you'd probably masterbate to it like the mentally ill degen that you are
I don't care how much you zoom in, you're not going to magically create balls where there were none before. YWNBM.
See above.
You're not going to bait me to post my monster cock, troon
wall of cope
Not a woman, never will be. 
YWNBAW
No one cares about your tiny dick, the point is that you were born without balls.
YWNBAW
You said it yourself:
Not a woman, never will be.
you have no testicles.. because you just don't, okay??? 
How are you this stupid?
Cope troon faggot
i dont hate trannies, i just disagree with what they do to themselves. if you're an adult i dont give a fuck about what you do to yourself as long as i dont get roped into it.
How are you this stupid?
I doubt you have balls. If you want to change my mind, find a way to present evidence that dosen't involve pictures of yourself.
Seethe chud faggot.
I doubt you have balls. If you want to change my mind, find a way to present evidence that dosen't involve pictures of yourself.
This nigga wants to see my cumshot
I don't know what there is to disagree with in what trannies do with their bodies. They like having boobs and ass and nicer skin and hair and take female hormones to have that.
Even if they're called men they'd still want and would get those kinds of bodily attributes. Like in Thailand where they mostly don't consider themselves women there and identify as ladyboys instead.
This nigga wants to see my cumshot
There are ten trillion cum tributes out there and I'm sure you can photoshop a timestamp as well as any anon. You're going to have to convince me with words and actions.
Okay
bitch slap
Now shut the FUCK up. Men are talking. Go make me a sandwich.
stop being homophobic you chuddy troony
trannies are disgusting fr fr no cap
Dilate tranny faggot
YWNBAW
i dont bleed in pain with 10+ symptoms a week before it even starts to have some man tell me they feel like a woman
