<comment>
Women will tell you what kind of personality traits they like in a man, and maybe how much status/money he should have, but they will always break all of their rules for a physically attractive guy.
So what do these rules and standards really mean?
In my opinion, these rules are for guys they aren't really attracted to.
When they fail to obtain a boyfriend that they percieve to be a chad, they don't want to be alone so they will go for these "meh" men.
Now these normie men have to jump through hoops to get and keep this below average girl.
Both normies and redpillers will give you similar advice, really.
They tell you to improove, "be interesting", get hobbies, blah blah.
Redpill and bluepill are the exact same thing in every way that matters.
From my personal experience, the only way to have a girl be in love with you is to be a genetic upgrade for her kids (even if you won't have them).
You don't have to be chad, but you have to be chad compared to her.
This means big height difference, mogging her whole family in looks/intelligence, etc.
Even lower tier western girls have been through 300 chads/tyrones, so most of them are not viable.
But you can do geomaxxing.
What do you brochachos think?
<comment>
are looks everything
yes.
<comment>
Is Looks everything
If it was you would be in Japan instead of SEA.
geomaxx
Every notice they only recommend third world shitholes like East Europe, Latin America or Southeast Asia, but never the rich places?
<comment>
They are not everything, but the most important factor. Like 51 percent. 
It only gets better after 35 or so.
<comment>
---
S TIER
- nt
A TIER
- face
- height/frame
- skinny
- race
- nw0
- dickpill
B TIER
- turbo fame
- hygiene
C TIER
- money
- muscles
---
i think being a neurotypical normie is the most important thing, but everything has its part
its like a fighting game. if you are S tier in parrying, but have no footwork and no reactions, its over for you. but if you have good reactions but dont have good inputs, its over for you. some things are more important than others, but you need a lot to make it work
and NT, i think, is far and away the most important. mental health issues are a death sentence
<comment>
it doesn't matter after 35 retard. 18-25 is when the sex is with beautiful bubbly lively women. you also need to be 18-25 for it to have the full positive lifelong meanignful psychological effect on you.
looks are not 51%. by all avenues of evidence that exist they are 99%.
<comment>
Guys do go to Japan though.
It's just that the SEA monkeys are one of the most inferior ethnicities, so it's even easier there.
At least east asians are smart and have relatively fair skin.
SEA people are really low IQ and brown, which makes JBW for example even more powerful.
Also everything is cheaper in SEA, which helps your average incel stay there for a long time.
