Every time I see someone say "anime sucks compared to western media" I get upset 
It's always some fucking moron who watched like death note and never gave anime a chance.
 Anime sucks compared to western media
Kek.
It's just such a stupid fucking idea lol 
What are the BEST western shows? The sopranos? True detective s1? White lotus? 
This current season of anime is more interesting, cinematic, and beautiful than all of those combined
No impact anime actually sucks, I don't understand why anyone watches it its just so fucking weird to me
 Sorry you don't understand
Some anime is beautiful (Naoki Urasawa's Monster, Blue Gender, Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex, everything by Satoshi Kon, Legend of the Galactic Heroes, AKIRA). Then you have things like Lucky Star, The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, Azumanga Daioh, and K-ON, the successors of which continue to drag down anime as a medium.
Maybe I should give anime a shot one of these days.
Got any recommendations for a Peanuts fan?
Anime is alright if you are below 13. Then you grow out of it
Doraemon
What do you watch then tough guy?
https://ocw.mit.edu/
Alright so it's worthless to even engage with you if you think all media is immature
Got any recommendations for a Peanuts fan?
dont know too much about peanuts but maybe you'll like bocchi the rock
Then you have things like Lucky Star, The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, Azumanga Daioh, and K-ON, the successors of which continue to drag down anime as a medium.
I couldn't agree with you more. I tried watching CGDCT once - I thought if i just kept watching K-ON maybe it would get more interesting or something. it literally never does. its the most mind-numbing braindead content ever created
Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul.
You're kidding yourself if you watch anime for anything more than the animated Japanese children that make your dick twitch.
Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul
you are such a child 
moeshit is better than your favorite tv shows
It doesn't remind me of Peanuts I just like shilling it, Ping Pong the Animation.
To be honest I liked all those anime. I still think they are good.
But I can see now how it damaged the medium. Everything has to be "moe" now.
Nichijou
Slice of Life with a serene atmosphere.
This current season of anime is more interesting, cinematic, and beautiful than all of those combined
Get me hip to some good anime nigga. All I've really watched is jojo and baki because my friend showed them to me.
Baki is pretty funny with the fights that are 95% monologuing about techniques and 5% actual combat, combined with the grotesque faces, weird cameos, and all around absurdity. I fuck with it. Jojo is the same with the monologuing and explaining every little thing in excruciating amounts of detail but in that show it's just annoying
To both of you: 
This current season of anime is a heavy hitter 
Oshi no Ko opens with a full length movie that is more of a trip than Memento 
Heavenly Delusion has an incredibly interesting concept that LITERALLY no western show has ever come close to emulating, maybe Primer that's it 
Demon Slayer is a high stakes action packed show about niggas that fight with swords and magic, it's an amazing shonen
Avatar the last air bender is the best anime ever created and it's western media
