THIS THREAD IS FOR FEMANONS (XX) ONLY! MOIDS AND TROONS LEAVE!
Ok, now that their gone, am I the only one who free bleeds at the end of my period? If i'm going out ill wear a pad still but if im home I have a designated pairs of underwear that I don't mind getting blood on. Am I gross or does anyone else do this?
Can you post a pic of one of these pairs of underwear, fellow femanon?
Moids really have fetishes for periods? Your like animals lmao.
you're not alone, i do this when im home too because wearing a pad for like 8 days straight in my case gets uncomfy
Hey guys woman here am I the only one that stops wiping my butt when the toilet paper comes back clean haha I don't know if I'm just wacky and unique but it's just something I do sometimesges
Sorry for the typo my big boobies got in the way
Glad to know im not alone! its being umcomfy plus trying to save pads for next month when my flow really requires them.
Ur stupid
Fellow femanon here, I don't even use toilet paper. I just have my pet moid lick me clean.
No that seems gross to me, but I have never really tried free bleeding. Doesnt the blood just get sticky down there and feel uncomfortable? Usually i just wear a pad and tight leggings or bike shorts to try to keep it clean.
Another day of never having a male friend.
There should be gold star badge for women never wanting a male friend the minute we could learn to talk
Sticky? Not really, it kinda just feels like discharge. It's when my periods ending so my flow is very light and im not passing clots or anything still
I bet you shave your legs and wear makeup to be an ornamental sex object for random men though
men are only good for sex
yup exactly
You sound disgusting. god, women are vile
why did they lewd miku?!
Moids say this while many of them dont wipe their ass after taking a shit or wash their hands after taking a piss.
Definitely gross. That is how diseases spread.
Definitely gross. That is how diseases spread.
This is a patriarchal lie disparaging natural bodily functions. The history of "female hygiene products" is extremely dark, and it is actually things like tampons that hurt women and girls through toxic shock
What diseases are being spread by me getting period blood on my underwear? Smartest moid.
The way we give birth is also harmful to women and girls. King Louis XIV had a fetish for watching women give birth, so he would make them lie of their backs so he could watch. Moids fucking hate us and dont care about our health or wellbeing.
this feels so stupid to ask but do other femanons have a hard time making friends with other women?
i try so hard, engage in conversation about things they like but i always end up getting one word or short sentence replies.
it's hard because i really don't like talking with moids but also at this point i'm scared of other women hating me.
Me personally i've never had an issue but I can easily put on a normie facade. Where are you trying to make friends at?
i am diagnosed autistic, so maybe that's my problem.
i've tried at school, online, my apartment, it all falls flat. offline women are pretty polite but brief, online women are scary even in all girl groups.
I've had the opposite, i've had an easier time making friends with women online than in person. I will say I wouldnt recommend making friends off here a lot of girls are weirdly territorial. (not all of course i've met a few really sweet girls off here) if you have any creative interests that's always a good place to start! I have a few online and in person crafting circles that are all women that are great.
Yeah same.
I really hate moids but they are also the only people I can get to talk to me. At this point I gave up on writing anything on fenale boards because I know I wont get any answers.
Hahaha normalfags are so bad at giving advice I'm actually laughing in real life. You're never going to make friends as a woman just going into random hobby groups if you are skilled people will steal from you and backstab you the best you can hope for is shallow compliments while they have their inner circle and still ice you out
If you both would be ok with verifying your actually women I would be down to make a group chat!
Don't give a fuck. Bleeding on yourself is disgusting and no amount of what about men-ism is going to change the fact you're fucking gross.
Negative moid projecting. Please stop. That never happens.
That's a horrible idea, I wouldn't risk getting bloodstains on my underwear, clothes, sheets etc just use a tampon or those smaller pads
Bleeding on yourself is disgusting and no amount of what about men-ism is going to change the fact you're fucking gross.
Sour grapes no one will fuck you
You're the one posting like a moid calling me a man because you dislike what I'm saying.
Most blood transfered diseases die when they come in contact with oxygen so no.
You are obviously a man trying to act like you know how women are based on stereotypes you have of women being catty and hating each other. Please stop your not fooling anyone.
Its my lightest days so it never ends up getting on anything besides my underwear, I end up saving some money by just having a few pairs of cheap underwear set aside that im ok getting blood on!
Nope I am talking from my own experience but keep calling me a man like the men do on this board when a woman says something that goes against their narrative. You can larp that women as a whole are kumbaya and welcoming but you and I know that is false so why are you holding that as a fact 
Your advice is dogshit and so is your critical thinking. Go back to facebook
On the off chance you arent a moid or tranny, maybe its just cause youre rude? R9k girls can be super pick me and hostile towards other women and that seems like it could be the case here with you. I have rarely had issues like this with other women. Sounds like a you problem.
I do too, I hate wearing pads but tampons hurt too much. Have any of you tried those designated period underwear? How do they wash up?
Nope if you say you are female they are immediately shittesting you to see if you are a stacy type that will play their mind games or a submissive type that will kiss their asses and if you won't fall into their of those categories they will destroy you. You need to have a strong personality for hobby discords even shit like cross stitch can be vicious
Ive wanted to but ive heard they can cause cancer and effect fertility, I think a large manufacturer is in a lawsuit rn for that. Definitely scared me away
Ahem not a woman. if you are normal brained why are you here? i don't think your friends will be pleased you visit a misogyny hotspot
Stacey type
submissive type
Definitely a moid trying to derail a female thread, who views other women like this? This isnt mean girls, the Regina George Stacey boogeyman isnt out to harm anyone.
why do you care about the gender of your friends? I understand it can be important in some places (ppl might call a woman a whore for just looking at a man in some places) but those people that obsess over the gender of their friends for no reason creep me out (unless the rate of rape is high in your area)
Ah, here we have an example of a moid in their natural habitat, complaining with no proof nor research
damn, glad it's not just me who gets annoyed having to use pads when the blood is light, I don't want to waste a good pad
pick me
wait really? I always thought those women are men larping.
Fine replace stacy with dominant retard
God you are fucking annoying you remind me of people that are like "heehee my hs had no bullying everybody was just friends!" because they didn't personally experience it
You are a dumb fuck
I bleed on my designated period towel when I sleep because I never wear pants or underwear to bed
on a biological level, men cannot be "just friends" with a woman who isn't ugly. so either come to terms with your ugliness, or press your male friend for the truth.
I always sleep in my undies and an oversized tee, how comfy is going commando compared to that? I'm not against the idea just never tried it.
women can't even stand talking to women
Classic
I'm the same, I always feel weirdly exposed and uncomfortable unless I'm wearing at least undies
I love speaking to and being friends with other women, so many moids in this thread trying to psyop us into thinking we dont get along.
You might have an infection or something , idk. Anything more to it?
so many moids
It's one woman saying joining random hobby groups wont pan out too well lol
The same woman who is sperging about Stacey, dominant, and submissive women and calling everyone retards? Yea im sure the S(he) is definitely a girl.
Oh no the evil r word lol 
Are you for real right now
ignoring the moid obsession with dominance and submission and the unironic use of the term Stacey
Maybe your the retard all along.
You mean:
women can't stand talking to troons
If you think anyone in this thread is an actual biological woman, you're genuinely retarded. It's just trannies pretending to be women because doing so gives them "gender euphoria" or whatever.
If women really liked each other "I'm not like the other girls" wouldn't be a famous stereotype and women wouldn't constantly latch onto male spaces seeking male companionship.
Note that men only ever do the opposite for practical sex finding reasons and never because they want to hear what women have to say. There's a definite asymmetry in which gender is more sought after for who they are as people rather than what they are as sexual objects and that gender isn't female.
Can't even have one little thread about period blood without incels screeching all over it
You could make your own anime website instead of using ours.
I think that was the point of crystal cafe except that it was made by women so probably doesn't run too well.
Yeah i do that to try stop it as if its listening to me lol
Im on my period rn and feel like im going to faint
EW WTF! Im biologically female and i think that shit is gross. I change my pad everytime a pee or go to restroom cause it feels so fucking gross. Doesnt it stain your panties? wait a minute, youre male arent you? You know the period isnt just blood, right? It has uterus sheddings. Its blood and dead rotten flesh, you gross gross guy
Based foid. I didnt know women can be this gross. I change my pads almost 20 times a day on the 2nd day of my period
Nope just you faggot facebook stacy unironically triggered by buzzwords. Have some more npc peabrain fugly moron
As a guy women make terrible friends so idk why you're flexing
Hey, anons. Femanon here. Does anyone else here HATE babies? Like when you see a baby you just want to smash it's stupid little face in for denying me my rights?
Lol still doesn't change the fact that you are disgusting. Bitch about men all you like hahaha
Ignoring this troll post to blogpost about my own life I don't hate babies but I hate their parents. I hate when parents babystalk me and expect me to coo over their kid because I am a woman. Nope I just want to buy my groceries and go home. Your kid can fuck off. Maybe join a mommy and me class if you are so desperate for socialization that you are loudly cooing at your kid at walmart trying to rope the lady behind you in the checkout line into convo. Meanwhile I switch lines just to avoid you haha
women will never be accepted in /r9k/. by the essence of having a vagina and being able to provide straight men orgasms you will never be rejected by society and can never be social recluses or incels or robots or anything similar. go to crystalcafe or twitter or somewhere else idiota
I don't HATE babies, I just have a contrarian reaction to babies because everyone excepts me to like them JUST BECAUSE i'm a woman. They are just ASSUMING i'm not a psychopath/Schizoid (i'm not though). So now I don't like babies and avoid them. That's what they get!
Femanon here. I don't know if i'm the only one, but do you get an ego boost out of being a BAD BITCH? I mean like, manipulating, exploiting and backstabbing people (especially men)? It makes me feel like i'm a boss babe when I am being an insufferable, horrible cunt. When I pull something off and betray somebodies trust it makes me feel smart and DANGEROUS! It really compensates for my insecurities
It seems there is a non-zero chance that actual XX biological females might post here.
If you are one of those, please tell me your honest opinion about the big black cock (BBC). I need to know.
Not sure. Also might be bait, but I'll bite. It seems to me like men do genuinely love mean girls. When I act deliberately cold, men suddenly act like simps. Meanwhile if I'm my natural self (a shy and kind nice girl), men aren't interested.
Wherever male communities exist, women must always slither in and destroy them.
The Bible warned about this.
Am I the only scrote in love with and grateful for shy and kind girls???
Nope. I love them too. But I'm too shy myself so it is very inconvenient when it comes to dating them
I like shy and kind girls conceptually.
But in reality those sorts of girls are not going to be easy to talk to or date.
Mainly the shyness part implies they will not really be talking to you.
I think this is more where girls get the idea being mean works better.
If you're mean you're probably seeming like you want to actively interact with a guy.
I think how nice or mean you are is mostly irrelevant and it's more about how much you're making it easy for a guy to progress with you or not.
If I'm completely honest, the only character trait I've appreciated in girls has been the willingness for them to escalate with me and get physical and be my girlfriend. That's the only real common thread with all my past girlfriends. They don't look similar and their personalities weren't similar, but they each just let me be their bf.
