social media has made every girl think she is a god. even ugly fat girls think they are literal gods now.
Feeling like a goddess is a good thing for a woman, but that's something her partner should be making her feel, not every single random single man in the world.
Fat bitches need to just never speak.
I made a femanon feel like a princess and now she's my girlfriend.
no. whoring around on social media deserves jihad punishment.
Not only does she think it.
They are treated as such as well. 
Most women can become multi-millionaires just by having simps paying her for existing, an OF account showing her feet or get a highly paid diversity job.
Women are a luxury, which simps must pay to keep happy.
Probably cause no ones ever done that to her before LOL
You can be considered a god too if you pop an estrogen pill every morning and show off your bum on instagram, you know.
No, Anon. They just learned that they can get superficial attention from social low-level men. A girl who uses that as ego booster has probably no happy life.
I'm a fat ugly girl, and it's not very special. You would understand that if you would be in that position for a month or so. Having random guys asking for nudes is funny maybe for some days ... and then it feels just depressing. You really don't know how shallow and meaningless the "female privilege" is, when you're not an actual attractive chick who gets access to the higher social levels.
get a life you tranny obsessed faggot
Why do you not just eat normal and become Stacy?
I'm sick. Genetical problem. And I drink too much and can't reduce it. ... And I don't really care. I would never be one of the neurotypicals anyway.
Don't drink too much though anon. If will cause you a lot of pain and it won't be worth it later
Why do literally all fat and obese women have an "illness" or low metabolism which they blame for their situation.
I know, but I will probably not live more than 5 to 10 years from now. And this time I don't want to be depressed all the time. And only alcohol helps.
Well, I'm not a whale, but one of my X chromosomes is crap, and that causes many things to go wrong in the body. Benefit of it: no periods.
Only if they're intelligent 
Social media just like everything else love putting down unintelligent women 
And, I mean, being intelligent is pretty close to being a God so why wouldn't they?
come join the stream kick.com/leafy where it's okay to be ugly
Now get down on your knees, mancub.
You really wouldn't know how meaningless life is when you get absolutely zero attention and nobody ever cares about you or compliments you. It actually fucks with your head.
I can't remember the last time someone acknowledged my existence aside from what I provide for them, let alone complimented me.
I believe you that it's worse to be an unwanted man. I just wanted to say that it's really not a god-like existence to be a below average girl. It's true, as a female you don't reach bottom loneliness because you can cope with posting your tits and get compliments from the lonely fat guys ... but it's still depressing ...
tik tok has made landwhales with filters feel like the most beautiful women in the world, and genuine cute girls who don't have instagram-face or wear a lot of makeup feel ugly.
