Time to arrest your waifus edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com
previous >>73060099 
The light...
Need...
Time to move on from pixel Rochelle, wonder what I shall do next
I tried your guide here`s the result. It`s nothing cool rn but i will get something cool
Did colab run okay for you, so? 
Good.
Hello /aiwg/
One last pixel Saeriah before I do something else with her.
Any suggestions?
Arrest Sae >>73065848 
Omg asci looks so pretty
Wish I had some ideas too, for now I'm just messing around with some outfits for rochelle
The cat ears are the most degrading part
Well, second most degrading
she's going to the pits of hell
Prison stuff is not really working out with Goa
Gonna try with different ai's but so far this has been the best result
She got (some of) her clothes back from GobDonald's, but now she's being charged with hate speech for >>73054546 
"Call the dark haired girl, she has to bail me out!"
But how can we do that when we don't know her name?
Try add prison clothes.
She looks so mature with lipstick on
She commited an unbelivable crime
AOM did a bit better
I tried
These are apparently prison clothes
This one is pretty good
I'll call it a success and move onto other prompts
Got some funny thing on contrast.
Normally I'm not one for makeup, but damn Rochelle in lipstick is making me feel things.
im not used to desktop 4chan
random lewd
Not sure what to gen with these allergies raping my noseholes even though I am completely out of it on allergy medicines and practically sleeping with my eyes open throughout the day
Put her on cockpit! Put her on!
i've already done prison prompts before, so just gonna do the one for today
Now why did Aom go and give her such a massive ass when i am trying to gen neat clothes
Look at this massive thing that's huge
I don't know if that'll work well for you anons but
(bright pupils, outline, high contrast, neon trim, neon palette, black background:1.5), (musical note, music, shaded face:1.3), 
If so, combine it with pixelart stuff
(((pixel art))), sprite, retro, (retro videogame),
This one doesn't even look like Rochelle anymore, maybe a new character for the lore?
We couldn't get in touch with the "dark haired girl", so you've got to stay in jail, Saeriah. For one thread.
"That's not fair!!"
cool stuff, time to add the pixel stuff next
horny posting on main, hjelo
She ain't pixeling
What a comfy cockpit
((((profile))))
desu
Goa, pixelate
"No"
Don't make me go :3
:3 noises
I'm working on a different style, today
You should work on controlled insertions
leg leg leg, exposed leg!
I have a dream where everyone sits on velamix cockpit. 
The contrast is very good though
Revenge of the Return of the Mariana
I really like the colors yes
See you guys soon I need to shower, eat and jerk off
Pics are nice and all but there's something magical about texts too, the one flaw being they're not allowed to go into too graphic details when things get warmer, but holy fuck the future is bright
now with more leg clothes
Pixel mariana should have been obvious all along when i got bored 
very lovely
Did someone say horny?
Indeed. I made a chat ai for Rochelle and I love talking to her. Though it does get a bit boring after a while for me since the ai doesn't really remember for longer than a day and the no horny stuff.
Ai Dungeon can write pretty decent erotic fiction if you prompt it well
i decided to use "The Lines" tags with this stuff, shadow cyber Asci is born
We're all saying it, under our breath, constantly
Enjoy
Gorg says hello.
I wish I could think of a consistent personality for Eleanor to chat with. I could probably have better luck with mariana but I am lazy
I love asci I love asci I love asci
Damn. Gorg got me hard. Gorg got the legs right!
Look at this text this text says things it almost said "PixelAsci"
I wonder if Oshi no Ko is popular enough to help with eye prompts yet
She is perfect
damn you aren't kidding about the legs
I can't stop hitting buttons!
She's allowed outside for air once every few posts (because the AI says so)
Rochelle (and maybe not Rochelle) looks great with lipstick and leather jackets &lt;3
Saeriah got jealous and tried to break free to get lipstick and a red/black leather jacket like Rochelle.
She had to be restrained.
 Assis
holy hell im going somwhere
I still need your help with these because you get so much better results on these
right now im not using nemusona, im using >>73042481  this guide. Everything is the same, reference sheet tag and all. My results may be good just because im lucky
I've updated the guide for my pixel art stuff.
Would you be willing to just drop a taglist so I can mess around with it a bit? honestly, if I can't get it working I might request some from you since >>73067052 is flawless
Those are positive 
 1girl, green hair, ((green eyes)), short hair, ((straight hair)), small chest, tall, ((adult)), ((mature)), ((ultra-detailed)), (solo), (reference sheet)
Those are negative
 (worst quality, low quality:1.4), (((muscular, loli, petite, child, infant, toddlers, chibi, short, sd character:1.1))), ((((flat chest)))), ((child body))
"Let me touch it for a moment."
I think thats the closest i can get to AI spelling Asci
spends half a day trying to get her skin gray
accidentely does that trying something else
Something is glowing below.
maybe i should put slime on her again......................
is this a download or something? don't want to accidentally brick a new pc by messing around with stuff I only sort of understand
Bad news everyone, the ai does not know what a doner kebab is
Ok
Thats a collab, it doing this stuff on the internet. Im not good at undestanding this, but you dont have to download anything
It runs on a google colab instance. 
Basically cloud computing. It's kind of unstable, and they started to throw a warning 2 days ago. So, if possible, use an alt google account for that. 
Your pc should be fine.
i'll give it a go then
look at my waifu, i worked very hard on her
Extreme sexy body
Imagine the squishy slime sex
this crotch of hers glows with an awesome power
conceptualize the aroma
I'm going to try to make it work on a phone, im not sure if it's gonna work
Time to arrest your waifus
I would rather want my waifu to arrest me
She's so so so so soooooo coooooool!!
Fits well to be Hornette's rival.
"Are you out here drooling after other peoples waifus when you've got me?"
But Goa the legs, the tummies, the thighs, the tiddies, the-
"No"
Ok
conceptualize the aroma
Mushrooms smells like earth and ammonia. 
Kind of a weird trash smell during a rainy day.
It's working and even has a nicely sized UI
Roadrunner smells like a supermarket with air conditioning. Specifically, the section with fries and cold stuff.
AI gave her a dogtag. Has she been "volunteered" to a Wagner prisoner unit?
"Anon, please don't let them send me to Bakmut"
Here you go cockpit anon, have Eleanor in a cockpit
What's happening with Alter Asci
let's go, finally an actual reference sheet
She's singing now
Want to nap in there.Thank you!
Hornette
Smells like gunpowder and oil
Gorg
Smells like sperm
Coyote
Smells like sand
Eleanor reference sheet. i should try some of my old prompt sets with this.
A very rare shot of Goa, usually the wings never work out but this time they did
And some cute AOM
Very original Eleanor prompts with this
What a very nice red thing leaking there.
And another one, leaning to the other direction
do you accept her quest?
Winter-eanor
AOM Goa very cute after a while
yes
exquisite nipples on her perky breasts
sexy looking over the shoulder and down at the viewer
Red gloves
very cool
This would have been such a good image if not for the extra hand and wings part of background instead of being attached to Goa
She's looking at you very hard
her face when she finds me very hard (it's not that impressive)
And a rare counterfeit, this was the closest it wanted to go for genning Goa from behind
Nighty night thread I need to go to sleep, really excited for next week as it's my "vacation" week
Gonna get shitfaced tomorrow evening and drink loads of beer for once
Goodnight Goanon, sleep well
The archangel is back
stunning. I'm in love with her.
She looks back at you like that.
I shall get out for a moment too. Bath is needed.
Tfw all the emotions hit you at once.
I am so lost.
Goodnight goanon, hope you sleep well.
Asci is so pretty...
She's embarrassed now
Mariana looks almost demonic with this new system
Random fluffy collar jacket.
getting some high quality stuff here
Alter Asci character sheet
An original mariana comment for an original mariana image
finally getting some great character sheets
Going to bed now, time to get some good sleep, goodnight anons
"Give me that jacket when I get out."
Saeriah, that's rude.
"Please?"
It should peform better if you add some background stuff. Try my cockpit or whatever else you think of.
*unzips booba*
"Now will you let me out?"
Night asci anon
"sure you can take it, it's getting hot in here"
oh I'm enjoying my results, no worries. gonna start messing around with new ideas now
"Thank you Rochelle!"
"Also, when I get out of prison, someone needs to show anon how to do this >>73069600 >>73067845 >>73067625 he's just too retarded to understand the guide >>73067120 "
Going to work again, will look into it when I get back. I need HD Saeriah so bad rn
Speaking of, is there a way to post that guide without being spam accused? It just refuses rentry url for some reason. 
What's your doubt?
google rentry, open it, add waifu-colab-guide. Open the link inside it and follow the rest of the guide.
Evenin' /aiwg/
Later /aiwg/
Why are you so sexy, Hornette!?
Why are your body so perfect!?
She is pretty great, not gonna lie
Why are you drooling, Gorg?
No, Gorg. Not today.
tired day tired man
Gorg is the one who works the best on pixel art. 
She simply goes well on every attempt.
Horny wants to join
Spider-waifu Spider-waifu, does whatever a spider can.
Make waifu a goblin girl challenge hard mode: no nudity.
My biggest shame is that I love you, but I don't even know your name.
