tfw you played FPS games competitively for 12,277 hours
I have 3450 hours in DotA 2
Yeah but did you ever make money from competition?
Impressive. I started playing FPS with PUBG in 2017 when I was 26, which I had about 400 hours in. It's not a game good for building skill and I only have a handful of wins. Then I started playing Quake Champions in 2018, racking up 3000 hours to date. I feel stuck at my current level which can be disheartening but I guess I'm alright given my age and experience level. I have improved a lot, I would dumpster me from a couple years ago.
Quake champions is poopoo doodoo game
3300 hours in CSGO
1600 hours in CS 1.6 (probably twice that if you include non-steam)
3000 hours in The Division 2 (I hate myself, go ahead and laugh, I quit it years ago)
thousands of hours in other games, many of them grindy boring games like Runescape that I only played while listening to audiobooks and Youtube videos, podcasts and other bullshit
Thousands of hours, probably amounting to years without exaggeration (8760ish hours in a year) worth of Youtube videos and podcasts and audiobooks that I don't remember at all (books written by comedians usually, very rarely anything useful).
I've lived my entire life staring at a screen and have nothing to show for it.
Take it BACK, furthermore, you know you would be double digit elo
these kinds of posts always crack me the fuck up. I just wonder how many of us are living and have lived the same retarded empty void of a life
20k hours in wow
15k hours in dota
10k in others
i have no life
4,500 hours in Minecraft over the past six years
at least another couple thousand from the five years between then and buying the game in 2012
No regrets.
Oh man, MMOs are just slow release heroin. Glad I got them out of my system in my younger years.
You know it's really nothing special being pro because sure you might garner a small audience, hell small could be 25,000, but you're still just a speck on the globe with a meaningless skill that the rest of the people won't appreciate.
I grinded to around 2000+ rating in QC and from my experience no one really enjoyed it, it created a huge divide in afps and then on top of that so much talent was either just about too old and wanted out, or they flat out quit because they hated that game. I tried Sac, I tried TDM, I did a lot of duels, etc. QC is just Quake on life support.
Sal, NO!
Do not shame for me my lifestyle...
