Women are pretty much pure and unapologetic evil, they are responsible for almost everthing thats wrong with the modern world. We must do everything we can to make them suffer. 
But live in cuckold, matriarchal society so there is very elaborate power structure that protects them. 
Is there something that can be done to reliably hurt them without suffering consequences? Something like cat-fishing for example when you larp as a chad and once you get close to her you tell her shes disgusting and deserve nothing? I hate women so fucking much. I just want to make them pay for thier crimes. 
Do you have some ideas? 
I personally tried to bully rape victims on tumblr but it got increasingly harder over time.
Well one petty but effective thing you can do is not look at women at all, as this would feed into their ego and make them think you want to fuck her just because you took a few glances at her. Also:
I personally tried to bully rape victims on tumblr but it got increasingly harder over time.
Wtf? How did it get harder??
Vocaroo telling me to kill myself and that Im a pathetic waste of space. It would really hurt my feelings I promise
Tumblr has less users than it used to have and they got rid of most porn blogs which makes it hard to search for them
Are you cuntoid? I don't want you to die. I want you to suffer.
I've seen you (I think) post this a few times. Why do you want that?
Something like cat-fishing for example when you larp as a chad and once you get close to her you tell her shes disgusting and deserve nothing?
What's wrong with thus? Seems like you have a good idea here. Are you just too lazy to put it into practice?
Then wish me a very painful death and record your suggestions for the most risky gruesome suicide method to try &lt;3
No reason
Have you not met a single Polish guy yet? I find that hard to believe.
I won't do it if you don't tell me why.
Cat-fishing girls on tinder is already a good one, but if you're talking about girls on 4chan, well if a loser boy tried to bully me I would think he's cute. I don't think anything could phase me.
Literally just comment rude things on their pictures. Pretty much just destroys their already fragile self-esteem.
send masturbation video on b cunt
I am not a loser. I have degree, i speak 3 languages and i had court case for assault and bodily mutilation.
Drug women ,Rape them while filming it and then put it online
This
But do it IRL, just casual mention to the clerk lady that her lipstick is off, her skirt is ugly or something like that.
She will go home to cry and call mommy. If u are lucky she will eat a bucket of ice-cream and gain weight.
I still wouldn't care. In fact if you're actually a chad and not a loser I wouldn't find you cute but get violent to assert my dominance, which is not me suffering. But if you're not a chad I will definitely rape correct you.
I personnaly tried to bully
Why are men so evil?
What part of "without suffering consequences" you don't understand? I could rape and kill women all day long. I am not going to look past my shoulder for the rest of my life just to make femoids pay.
be nice to them, pretend to be way hotter, then ghost them when they say they like you.
there's no reason for you to be here
I will definitely rape correct you.
Are you fat?
Yeah, I dont like polish guys, never have. Im saving to go to Korea, so maybe I will try there. Til then Im gonna stay a degen coomer lol
:(
there's no reason for you to be here
how would that explain why men are evil?
I thought you didn't care who raped you or something, and if you're that picky, is it even still rape and abuse? Or are you another femanon? I think there were 2 femanons who avatarfag with Melody.
chadfish on bumble
be very sweet and polite with stacy
the minute she says something basic (i.e. i like coldplay; i love travelling, etc.)
be extremely cruel without sperging out. be very precise and hurtful making them feel shallow and unable to have a bright future. dont call them ugly or anything, that wouldnt hurt them. 
say something like sorry i couldnt date someone this basic and unmatch without letting them respond.
Good advice but could use more sauce
This. Its very nice high.
Set up an account with chad images, swipe on everyone, then set up dates and never show up.
Record is 9 before I got it deleted. Want to try again.
Where the fuck do I find any of these god damn Polish films with English subtitles? Also, again, kill yourself in Minecraft.
"thehe i only viciously tortured you your entire life, why are you so cruel, incel?"
Coldplay?
because genetics sorry if a man has hurt you before but coming here will do you no favours.
leave
women have been tortured and oppressed for a million lifetimes by men. they have no power over men at all, because men are actually evil.
favours
why do you spell it like that? what is wrong with you?
I think Im the same one youre talking about and yeah, I didnt care but I went back to my high school roots, started listening to kpop, watching anime/dramas and playing games again now that I have lots of time at work, got a really bad yellow fever again and its getting worse and worse everyday. Koreans are the most handsome and their country seem the most fun to live in or at least to visit for a little longer
I also love how misogynistic and abusive East Asians are
Some of them are probably on 35mm.online and they should have eng subs
You can try doing literally nothing and that hurts women more than anything t. abuser chad
Give up and accept defeat.
It's the only way.
You are a manlet, you dont have to ignore them if they cant even see you
I didnt care but I went back to my high school roots, started listening to kpop, watching anime/dramas and playing games again now that I have lots of time at work
It's nice you're doing more stuff I guess.
Yall know im 6ft2 outta here with your incel cope lol
Yall know im 6ft2
Get help, anon
Thank you!
I also got friends at work and relationship w my parents got better now that they see the progress in my life. I even started a healthy routine like getting up early, not skipping meals and even do some beauty/self care stuff. I also had my first consultation about my vaginismus!! Feels good. Korea feels like the next big step in maybe a year or so. 
I just still want to kill myself and schlick to the thought lmfao
The best and legal way is to try and build their trust first. Give them the regular chick crack. They will most likely have some kind of a fantasy world and a perfect husband in mind because they are braindead and bluepilled most of the time. So just lie to affirm that. Make them think you're their rock. Support them in whatever dumb ventures they do and give compliments about their looks and personality traits that they are insecure about which also reminds them of it. Eventually you will start to lose the will to keep up all the lies and tolerate their obnoxious behaviour. Remember: the longer you keep up this stage the greater effect. But at some point you turn to stage 2. This should happened in a relatively short span of time so as to really make them thing something is wrong. You start pulling the rug. Use all the info that she confined in you against her. Target her insecurities relentlessly and be specific to max. Make her think she's fat, ugly, boring, worthless, unlovable, useless (which she probably is that last one), whatever troubles her. Her job, her family issues, her social life, her dog, her dreams... At the same time gaslight as much as possible. Remember: she thinks you're her perfect husband. That's your greatest power. At some point she'll notice the cracks and that's why this phase should be quick. Your main goal in stage one is to see you as a be-all end-all and isolate her from other's opinions as much as possible. Stage 2 is to use that power. Now comes stage 3 which isn't that complex and is a natural continuation of stage 2. Cheat on her. In any way you can with anyone you can. Make it look like she was like a one night stand after a nights out and not your 2 year girlfriend or whatever. Make her see it all and act as casual as possible. Now comes stage 4 where you break it all cold turkey and fastly. If you lived seperated just say you two are through and ghost her. If you lived together it's a bit harder, but find a way (1/2)
That does sound like a lot of progress. Good job! How long are you planning on staying in Korea?
Idk desu. I didnt yet look at the info on the visa etc plus I guess I will find out once Im there if I like it enough to consider a longer stay. 
The thing Im the most excited about are pants that will finally fit me length wise and the night life aaa. Also getting harassed I guess :^)
Get into AI. Create thousands of bots in your area for tinder, badoo and other dating apps. Make AI +6 feet tall earning +$100k a year etc. Make AI flirt with women only to setup dates with them, stand them up, message them how they actually were there but they didn't like their appearance so they decided to leave without saying hi. Profit.
I also love how misogynistic and abusive East Asians are
I can understand liking that when it comes to sex, including foreplay, but outside of that do you really want to be treated like shit?
Basically make them associate tall, handsome, rich men with men completely out of their league, destroy their self-esteem, chances are they will become even more vapid and normalfag manwhore men who will end up trying to date them will have a harder time. Women will get their ego smashed even more and become even more vapid. You're basically fixing world. Make online dating unreliable because 99% will be filled with bots.
to make her leave. Don't make any contact. If she engages you insult her and tell her to leave. You should aim to do this to those blackpill femcel type of girls, as well as feminists or just depressed bitches in general. This will be harder since they know more tactics, but it also means in case of femcels (and by femcels i mean girls unable to obtain long term) it could give you a better angle of attack since they could give in easily if they see you as a good long term partner. If you can't with them then you can go with the common easily brainwashed sheep woman with her guard down and an open mind. Also helps if you're good looking and rich of course. It helps A LOT. So if you need a reason to improve there's one. You'll see the shallowness of females firsthand. Once you get tired of it start stage 2 that I described.
Other than that you can also do shorter plans. Think of it as casually and regularly keeping women down without getting on too much radars. Throw insults, sabotage whatever small or big things they're doing in any way you can muster, give them less than men (but important: you still give them to keep them hooked) be it money on a regular hangouts, drinks, time, whatever. This are small scale stuff with just a group of people. Emphasis all of their failures and link them to them being a woman (which is also true), play with their heads as much as possible. Try to find low guard ones who wouldn't suspect. This is getting into more on-the-radar territory so you wouldn't be able to keep it up with same women, that's why it's a small scale plan. At that point just push the envelope as much as you can. Be harsh with them, yell, scream, grab harshelly then change it back up to kind, nice, caring. Again you can't keep up this for long so be aware that they will be onto you at some point. 
In your professional life favor men over women, in your personal as well, in your political, in your recreational, in your for-fun life also. Important:(2/3)
Korean men wont harass you if you are ugly but ok. Maybe some half blind old grandpas, but thats it.
Yup and Ive always been very vocal about it lol
I think Im the same one youre talking about and yeah, I didnt care but I went back to my high school roots, started listening to kpop, watching anime/dramas and playing games again now that I have lots of time at work, got a really bad yellow fever again and its getting worse and worse everyday. Koreans are the most handsome and their country seem the most fun to live in or at least to visit for a little longer
I also love how misogynistic and abusive East Asians are
YWNBAW
You're Polish, so probably Catholic, right? Aren't you gonna breed like crazy? Doesn't it concern you that the man who would beat you would also beat your children?
Old grandpas are hot too ngl. For example in the movie Sadness (it was Taiwanese but still), the grandpa who wanted rape and kill the main character? I masturbated to him at least 3 times lol
Do I sound like a catholic to you? The country is Catholic, not me
Catholics can be degenerate coomers, too. Just look at the Catholic Church, tons of proof there.
bully them endlessly catfish them and get nudes etc
fuck off iris cunt
Then they are not actually real Catholics, just like the most of this corrupted poor idiotic country.
keep women around to see what they aren't getting. Like I mentioned before, you need to keep them hooked in some way. When they are with you show them how you treat men better than them, but also how you treat other women better than a specific selected woman. This will keep you under radar for longer since it will be just one girl affected.
The ultimate option is something I would never do, nor want anyone to do and is purely hypothetical. Mass shooting targeting women specifically. Make it known you are targeting women specifically for being women either in your journal, video recording, note... This will make them more fearful en masse and more prone to make mistakes in the future. (3/3) 
This went longer than expected. This are just some of the ways you can hurt women. A creative mind will discover an endless ocean of ways.
Something like cat-fishing for example when you larp as a chad and once you get close to her you tell her shes disgusting and deserve nothing?
sounds like a plan
I personally tried to bully rape victims on tumblr but it got increasingly harder over time.
tf you mean it's more difficult? There's always snowflakes to bully.
Is Poland really that bad?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
HOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO
lmaooooooo brilliant. Shit like this is the reason I still come on this retarded site. It's all fucking garbage, but once in a while you come across a golden post like this. This shit is so unbelievably based.
The best and legal way is to try and build their trust first. Give them the regular chick crack
other than chadfishing, how do you give them the regular chick crack? If you're not that attractive yourself, it's kinda hard to do.
Brootal but effective lol
Best part is you know that would actually hurt women. Like you could make AI to generate cheap pick up lines and then some Chadlike selfies and you know it would work. Then just stand them up, manipulate them, tell them how fat and ugly they look irl so you ditched them etc. And all you need is someone to make 1 bot like this and then make the project public and put it on some repo. Other anons clone it and we could have thousands of fake AI bots pickup up women destroying their egos. Surprised no one did it before.
Culture and slavic traditions are amazing. People are usually nice too and very extroverted. 
When it comes to politics Id rather die than stay. I hate how much church influences the country, I hate being considered apes by other EU countries because our politicians are embarrassing. I hate the corruption and I HATE how we waste money on meaningless bullshit instead of the actual issues. Imagine spending millions on a useless institution to propagate patriotic values instead of solving the issue of disabled people who have to live in extreme poverty because they cant work, get 700PLN checks and even if they wanted to die not to deal with this constant bullshit and neglect, we are nowhere near the level of Canada. 
Plus the pay as a wagie is unlivable, but they make it as hard as possible to create our own businesses. If you have no connections, you are not going far. 
Plus people working in offices are straight up still retarded, my friend couldnt even find an accountant who would know how art freelancers should be registered to pay taxes.
Propaganda in tv is through the roof on both sides, TVP is lying about how amazing it is here, TVN pretends to be sooo progressive and not just full of delusional shit
Plus, feel free to make a free doctor appointment. You will die by the time it will be your turn. If people here ACTUALLY want to get medical help, they pay for private practice and its very common not to even bother with free clinics because they are fully booked for the next 3 months and mostly ineffective because GOOD doctors always decide to go on their own. 
Tl;dr 
Its a country like every other one, with both very serious issues but also its charm.
Its a country like every other one, with both very serious issues but also its charm.
The grass is always greener on the other side. I, too, love much about my country but am appalled at the way many issues are being tackled, yet see no meaningful way to affect real change. It's really hard to not fall to apathy, but even with all that I'm not sure it's within me to leave.
I truly hope we can both find happiness in the countries we adore, but failing that, good luck finding it in Korea, or wherever you plan on going. Remember your roots, and make sure the abusive guy you fall for doesn't wring the Polish out of you.
That was very sweet, anon, thank you. I like how collected and reasonable you are even while facing something that bothers you. I wish you can see some improvement soon and enjoy staying where your heart belongs &lt;3
I will NEVER not be proud to be Polish, I can promise you that~ my future bf can crack my skull open and I will still manage to mumble out my last kurwa before I die kek
my future bf can crack my skull open and I will still manage to mumble out my last kurwa before I die kek
Err...let's hope it doesn't come to that? Though just in case, I had a Polish friend once, other than simply kurwa the only swearing I remember him doing was something like "Te stara kurwa". Yell that moments before you're bludgeoned, and think of me. Godspeed.
let's hope it doesn't come to that?
No no, lets hope it does
Kek ta stara kurwa literally means this old whore, I got you
Hopefully "this old whore" will reference you not him, so you don't have to die young and get to live a nice, long life of beatings and abuse. Hooray?
Meh I dont want to grow old. Even the idea of ever getting 30 makes me repulsed.
If my bf wont do it I will. But still, thanks lol goodnight &lt;3
source? I've got a boner
I mean just lie about things they like. Even if they don't see you as a romantic or sexual partner you can still be their trusted guy friend then revert.
my future bf can crack my skull open and I will still manage to mumble out my last kurwa before I die kek
Holy fucking based. I always say Polish girls are the best
I always say you should home invade eceleb attentionwhores
How do you expect anyone to rape you with vaginismus?
tfw you will never give the sanrio painpig the rape correction she needs to be a happier person
It's suffering.
Lol sorry about stacy rejecting you anon, but you unironically sound like a reverse man hating blue haired feminist.
is that picture the reality?
Reality of what? She clearly ksnt very attractive. Only her fat tits give her some value. Vur she is also fat soooooo
how all women feel and why they screech about cute girls, duh silly
she's like womanhood personified
