There are "STUPID NIGGERS" who live a more fulfilling life than you. How this make you feel?
https://youtu.be/y_SI2EDM6Lo [Embed]
niggers are based. The most pathetic losers on the planet are usually asian, latino, indian, etc. Or unattractive autistic whites
My life is pretty empty. Without the love of my life, hentai catgirls, video games, and anime, I'd have no reason to continue living beyond training my body to do crimes.
Niggers aren't stupid IQ statistics have been debunked since they change on how developed a nation is
I know your Twitter
lol i am a white dude. Niggas are usually Chad like. They are confident, strong, manly. While other races are usually the opposite except maybe for whites and some Middle Easterners. This is just facts, being born asian or latino (with a high amerindian component) is way worse than being a black male
that's very racist op
How do I filter this retarded thread without using the word nigger as a filtered word? I still want to get hate threads on niggers. Op kys I hope you get hanged, opened with a blunt knife and your carcass is used as a public toilet
You mean "White" American with 5% of African DNA? That's why you defend them.
why are you so scared of niggers
Because they commit 60% of violent crime.
Why are you Blacked posting if you hate them?
well then you should start committing more crime so their % is lower
I can't hate them for it, the strong overtakes the weak, this is how nature works. Whites are a weak and feminine race and so we are doomed to be replaced within the next century or so.
Disgusted I will never forgive some of these trashy self hating white women who degrade themselves by giving themselves to these primitive excuses for a segment of the human race. These women are filth, some white man, ANY WHITE MAN even an 80 year old white man would be a better match for her than any nigger.
That stupid nigger was acting zesty in an ad with elliott page last month. Maybe you cattle call that fulfilling, but anyone who has 2 braincells to rub together would call it embarassing.
you say that because nobody picks you
fashion killa something something. don't remember the rest of the lyrics. but asap is the goatest of goat time.
when I went to parties in highschool, everyone was blasting rap. do you know who the most popular rappers were in 2013? they were listening to juicy j religiously. do you know how many times I had to hear "Bounce It" full blast on repeat? with that annoying ass chorus with trey dongz, it made me want to rip my eyes out.
