I usually let my cat play out in the back of my house when nights are pretty hot so she gets some fresh air, but instead of just playing there, for some reason she decided to climb to the roof.
I went up to get her because last time she was on the roof years ago, he fell into the neighbors roses and got stuck, she was pretty stressed and allowed me to pick her up, but then she sperged out when trying to climb down the ladder, scratched me and jumped back up, now to some neighbors roof I can't reach, implying that won't make things worse.
What can I do to bring her back, after the ladder thing she doesn't trust me to approach her.
Should I just wait for her to get back inside?
She's not the brightest cat and I'm seriously worried she doesn't know how to climb back down, she never goes to the roof.
just grab a towel and cover her in it while wearing a sweater so she cant scratch your arms and carry her inside.
Yeah, I forgot to do that, haven't done this in months.
Still, she's in a place I can't reach rn, and it's pretty scared.
Why can't you reach it?
She's not there anymore, I can't find her.
I heard her calling out a couple of times but couldn't hear where from.
I lit my neighbors backyards but she didn't appear.
Now she isn't making any sound.
She will come back right?
She's been living with me for 10 years.
Put a can of tuna out and wait. Hope she wasnt eaten by a coyote or stolen by some lonely cat crazy neighbor. Next cat you get don't let them fucking outside this is basic shit.
I found her, she's in my neighbors backyard, but she's an old, grumpy lady and it's 2am here.
What can I do?
She can't climb back, the wall is too tall and entirely vertical from her side.
Just go get her she is old and probably on sleeping meds. Bring tuna and a towel still so she doesn't sperg out again.
Buy cat treats and shake the bag outside 
make a noise like meow meow and psppspspspspsp shale the bag , hear kitty kitty 
see if she comes for the treats
My parents, I'm 26, told me to just leave her there till morning, that either she will realize how to climb the totally vertical 6ft wall on herself or not.
In which case, I gotta hope that she isn't more pissed at me or the old lady will not scare her further away in the morning.
8ft tall wall*
