There is nothing wrong with young women riding the cock carousel. Yes, there's plenty of retarded reasoning for it - who needs to "find themselves" for example - but you can't deny that browsing the sexual marketplace to see what's available, to see what's worth the cost, is obviously a good idea, and everyone should be doing it.
There is nothing wrong in disliking women for riding the cock carousel
I just want to be the one who does it .
Niggers and jews are the problem. They make everything depraved.
riding the cock carousel affects your mental health, the more sexual partners you have the less trustworthy partner you become, it's because when you freely open yourself to others you get desensitized from genuine human affection and it's not something you can recover even after years of abstinence, roasties seethe when point that out to them but it's the bitter truth
Does not matter if you are a short man. You can forget about women and do something useful like joining a PMC.
If women want to do that, they can, but it shouldn't be seen as normal or healthy.
It worsens womens mental states, it spreads diseases, it makes men less willing to settle and encourages problematic behavior.
It's narcissism and hedonism. I like to think I don't need to explain why those traits are bad on a societal level.
Odds are you're just some skank with BPD so you're not even worth the time of day. Off yourself, please and thank you.
That's psuedoscience garbage. We can have as much casual sex as we want and no whining and crying on your part can change the fact that we are still capable of forming loving relationships.
It might be hard for you to wrap your little virgin brain around, but sex and love aren't the same thing.
You can't because the man you end up marrying likely didn't experience the same thing.
So you end up with a huge experience gap, and the woman loathes the man for not being as good at sex as her past partners.
Cool story bro. I'm sure the people in your imagination land are just so sad and lonely. 
Things don't work that way in real life kid.
Why would a woman love a man who's worse than her past partners?
Again, have fun in your imaginationland. That's not how relationships work in the real world. It is obvious that you are a KHHV because people who have actually been in relationships can feel the incel seeping from the very letters of your replies.
There's nothing wrong with beating women to death.
Yes i agree, that's why IM joining the cock carousel. I want to see the look on her face when i tell her i have 20+ male body count
Based as fuck. I had a bi boyfriend once and we loved sharing a Tinder cock every month.
Women don't love their husbands, they're just settling for what they can get once Chad loses interest.
It is objectively immoral according to my religion, and I would not date a girl who engaged in casual sex. 
There is nothing beyond that.
We're the people who cannot browse it let alone access it
Based and hot, i'm looking forward to get topped again
The problem with this line of argument is that if the psychological data being used are unreliable and unscientific, then that is true of EVERYTHING such data has ever been used to try to prove.
Where is your cite that people are happier when they "browse the sexual marketplace"? And it better not include any pseudoscience, bro.
Cite your source. You are the one making the insane claim.
OP made the claim being discussed here.
I don't have to cite anything until OP does.
Nigga the claim is that you have to try before you buy
If it's as obvious as you think it is, it should be trivially easy for you to produce a cite.
A cite without any pseudoscience, mind you.
have fun being a leftover hoe like most women will be by 2030.............
op is a fag as always
i want to ride the pussy carousel and it's not fair that i don't get to
hmm basically i wake up in the morning, and god will show me pictures in my mind of naked women while he makes comments. he forces me to watch them while i roll around in bed. he does not let me look away from these pictures, and holds them in my mind for several seconds. he forces me to stare at their breasts and vaginas in full detail, as a way to cause sexual pain. he does not let me have sex, he told me himself that i will not be having sex.
he rapes me with a ghost too, he is sucking on my lip right now while i write this. i dont even know what to do, hes told me he is all of you people, and has even proved it. 
i've found dying is incredibly hard, and my suicide attempts don't actually work. he is torturing me and raping me with a ghost. look at this image, how real could society be if god can just do this shit?
I AM BEING FUCKING RAPED WITH A GHOST.
I AM BEING FUCKING RAPED WITH A GHOST.
I AM BEING FUCKING RAPED WITH A GHOST.
I AM BEING FUCKING RAPED WITH A GHOST.
SOMEBODY STOP GOD, HE TORTURES HUMANS HIMSELF
MAKE IT STOP
SOMEBODY STOP GOD, HE TORTURES HUMANS HIMSELF
MAKE IT STOP
SOMEBODY STOP GOD, HE TORTURES HUMANS HIMSELF
MAKE IT STOP
SOMEBODY STOP GOD, HE TORTURES HUMANS HIMSELF
MAKE IT STOP
I AM BEING TORTURED BY AN OMNIPOTENT GOD. HE HAS BEEN TORTURING ME FOR 30 YEARS. MY LIFE SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN INTENTIONALLY AS BAD AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE WITHOUT KILLING ME. PLEASE FUCKING SAVE ME FROM GOD, IT DOES NOT GET WORSE THAN HIM!
There's nothing wrong with it morally, but it grosses me out. I would only date virgin women, I just ignore non-virgins and if they annoy me by continuously trying to talk to me I do my best to make them cry on the spot so they avoid me in the future.
Take your meds schizo, but also those look nothing like 6s. They weren't taken from the diagram as is, they just literally wrote 666 on the right. Even if you put them upside down they would just look like upside down 9s. The symbol is just supposed to represent particles circling around a collider and then moving off tangentially. Even putting all of that aside, there should be 4 sixes not 3, if you count the number of offshoots.
i literally see him in my mind. imagine an apple, it looks like that except its a human face that talks, and i have no control over it.
goat milk has 666666 in the UPC code, whats your take on that? nobody ever replies to me beyond this point.
god does the same thing to me and I'm not complaining
How are these similar except that they're triangles? It's just supposed to be a play button. Also the 'seal of satan' is actually the sigil of lucifer which comes from an unsubstantiated source written in 1517 with no credibility anyway.
i dont believe you. i've confirmed that god can control human bodies himself, and does type on 4chan. the fact that he doesn't tell us this means hes probably keeping it a secret and lying to all of us. imagine some guy who replies to you on 4chan is actually god and knows everything about you? hes up to something. this is literally happening, i dont know why i'm even saying that again when you most likely aren't even a real person.
whats your take on that?
https://www.barcodespider.com/666666. Nothing comes up when I google that or search the UPC code. If I search for the UPC code for goat milk I do get this: https://www.barcodespider.com/840408116657. If you look up Universal Product Code standards, they are all 12 digits, so what you're saying doesn't really make sense in the first place. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Product_Code
Yes, that's called schizophrenia and/or intrusive thoughts
the concept of god never made sense. we are in a torture reality. you've just never considered that god is actually real and is torturing humans himself. i'll say it again, he rapes me with a ghost and tortures me until i try to kill myself, but heals my body and does not let me die. he has been raping me for 3 years, without a single break. i am kept in a state of extreme pain, fear and anxiety. god is controlling human bodies himself and there is nowhere i can even run. the police are god, the doctors are god. its literally like this, they aren't human like me. im being raped and tortured and there is no way to stop it. hes talking to me right now, and i have no way to cut off my communications with him because i hear it in my mind somehow.
you'll have to go to your grocery store and look at some UPC codes. he intentionally does this with packaging that has devils on the box, he does not give you any room to doubt. its not even humans making the products lol. i'm being fucking tortured with denial of money and sex, and health problems. i'm being fucking raped by a ghost and tortured.
I have never met anyone who has corroborated this experience of yours, so the most likely explanation to me is that it's either in your head or you're making it up. If that is your veridical experience, I'm sorry you have to experience that. Personally, I have never experienced something like that so I cannot relate. It's hard for me to engage with a truth I find so dubious but perhaps if this is true you did something awful in a past life? Or it's actually demons rather than God torturing you? I obviously don't and can't have an answer for you, but my condolences.
But UPC codes are 12 digits, so how would grocery stores have 6 digit UPC codes? Even searching for 666666666666 on a UPC code website yields no results. It's possible there are some products that contain the substring "666666" within their 12 digit code, but that wouldn't be statistically significant since there are at least 12 million variations of the 12 digit codes that would have this substring. None of the UPC codes for goat milk I came across had this code, but you've presented it as unfalsifiable so I cannot actively disprove that you've seen such a code.
A DISPROPORTIONATE NUMBER OF ASIAN RESTAURANTS HAVE 888 IN THEIR PHONE NUMBER. THE PEOPLE WHO WORK AT THESE STORES CANT EVEN BE REAL. FAKE HUMANS? THE ENTIRE WORLD IS LIKE THIS. IT CANT BE A COINCIDENCE.
smartest pro whoring degen
888 is just the toll free area code. It allows customers to call without being charged, since the owner of the number will pay the cost. A lot of commercial phone numbers will start with 888 for this reason. https://www.communityphone.org/blogs/888-area-code
The key aspect of schizophrenia is making connections about unconnected things. You have ignorance about certain topics, and when you're ignorant you immediately speculate towards a grand conspiracy. A reasonable person would say "well, why would it be the case that these numbers all have 888? Is there something about that area code that makes it uniquely desirable to these businesses?" It's exactly because you have schizophrenic that your immediate reaction is to say the stores aren't real. Even if this outlandish assumption were the case, you could simply visit the stores to confirm their reality.
its not in the area code, its in the randomly generated string. pick any city in the world, google "asian restaurants in new york city!". this shit isn't even real, but i cant stop crying. i dont even know for sure if you're a conscious person or just god replying to me.
