St Geroge's Day edition
st who
second half is great
ALRI de lats
Rain? Bad weather? Nonsense 
Beach time lads
What time is the emergency alert?
Phwoar lunchington soon i fink
Pancakes and maple syrup for brekkie if that's alright with you de leeds
4 times tastier it a lush
Lovely
Happy English Day!
It a lush and I mean a lush so get 8n derre
fucking fat people
https://www.theguardian.com/business/2023/apr/23/larger-bodied-airline-passengers-forced-to-pay-for-two-seats-prompts-calls-for-clearer-anti-discrimination-laws
Anyone have the newsnight webm to hand? I can't seem to find mine
SSM was on a mad one yesterday eating cream cakes doughnuts pringles he didn't give a fuck
So much for his sweets lasting him six months. Fat cunt.
Motorbrumbike shoes laddy
Ruth's butthole
SSM's bloated belly
BASED!
day dreaming about trannies with loose sphincters
footlad
such a desperate loser i was after this guy
from first day of uni we just bonded outside while i was smoking
then everything
smoking weed with him and his cousin
sleeping with him in italy in the same bed but he said nothing sexual so i didnt, it was just me drunk scrolling through my creative zen v plus player for tracks with headphones while this guy i liked a lot was.. just there we made out at a party once
Groom a gooner.
Oh no the girls are fighting :(
lads are you taking your apus phones off them for the alert later? mine doesnt watch the news and im not sure he would understand the concept of a test of this nature. hes timid and would frighten him half to death if he sees the alert de lids, but how can he watch his sunday wikwoks if I take his phone away? poor lid would think hes done something wrong. in a bit of a pickle. he is a West Pennine Pondskipper if anyone is familiar with the breed.
*searches thru Indeed for 'reserved for a woman'*
we live in a meritocracy
who's ready for an emergency alert at 3pm. Wonder when people will start having end of the world parties. I'm already drinking vodka + beer but I'm almost out of vodka.
Gat dayum this qt sperg bitch i've matched with is mighty fine but it sez on her profile that she's a triple vaxxoid
Fockin boggles the mind jeez
my apu cant be trusted with a smart phone
all he is allowed is a pager
why doesnt sound noise german anon just get a free wordpress blog instead of 4chan?
I think his brain is a bit poorly.
cant wait for the summer my lads
why don't we all sign up for a FREE invisionboard at invision boards dot com?
get in deeere my laddingtonshire 
every day we above ground is a great day
we all nostrils in life x
you say livejournal, i say deadjournal
you say gaia, i say 4chan
you say justin bieber, i say 'who is even that?'
that's the difference between you and me (object of the sentence)
I'm being pestered for sex again
the only "nostrils" i wish i had were "nosTRILLions" of pounds!
then i'd snort cocaine up them (with my trillions of pounds)
maybe a nice phpbb forum
haha wahey!
eh up lad
currently gooning to this classic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IicmCu47pMo [Embed]
when the vBulletin forums admins from Something Awful were going through the source code, they found it contained secret racial slurs
that's the forums Something Awful there
He is like my apu when he has too much sugar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNrz7pDY628 [Embed]
'sugar does not cause hyperactivity' is when i stopped believing in science
pic related, the subject of the photograph should be the most difficult for your human eyes to see (probably invisible)
now brb, weed addiction
derek smart derek smart DEREK SMART
somethings awful then: fursecution
4chans then: chanology
the manchester guardian then: mobil phone leak scandal
what do we even have now? our memory's?
You okay there lad?
... And that's a wrap-up for the first run since the distance relationship took off in earnest. 
(All the w*stoid women on these apps are as trashy and degenerate as ever thoughbeit; This can't really be helped i guess but at least i now know which precise corner i should be focussing on and pivot towards if i want to run into breedable-enough specimen)
Not even bothering to check for her response until the deadline i've set to her is up either, based on her prior behaviour i know she's already monkeybranching too and won't be giving it a chance to bloom either way... Her choice to be a future eggcel then i guess.
If the woman had not been *THIS* incredibly fucking paranoid from the very outset then the whole thing might have had a chance to hold up in the long term. 
I put a shitton of effort into it, did it all by the freaking book and all i got was this half-assed, paranoid bullshit and destructive, non-constructive shitty behaviour from her in response. Another lesson about w*hminoids learned i guess lol, they're being destructive like this for the pure sake/thrill of it apparently
Again though; Least i got me BWC wet many times, for this had been *very* sorely needed after all this time. Visiting a prozzie is cheaper and easier overall i fink tbqfh
found the offical /britfeel/ jersey de lads
also fuck webp files, every fucking time i find a decent image its in this new bullshit format
Google how to convert them because i am a fucking spacker and even that doesn't work
living the dream. fine and sober.
i just love these threads and everyone in them, even the right miseryguts.
you ever just grab a notebook and start doodling/writing absolute shite? hi.
that poor girl has dodged a massive bullet with sound spcaker 
She must have been desperate for a ride tbqh
two flaws in your plan:
1. visiting a prozzie means you will get your needs satisfied but will NOT have children.
2. any children created by you will have YOUR genes.
Install a browser extension my lad
Another thing to add is that i'm matching with the kinds of stacy lites i didn't really used to match with a mere 2 or 3 years ago, we're talking real decent 8/10ish and up specimen - It's actually true what they say about male SMV steadily increasing with age. Liftmaxxing for a year or so would probably quite the prudent thing to do, after sorting the other stuff out too
am i literally converting a converted file at this point?
do i have to use wget on fucking Windows to get a .png?
*would probably be
Alright looks like i'll need a wovfefe-on-the-naze stat now lol
anyone else got those mad "hi i know it's been a while/we didn't really click, but..." texts during lockdown?
(2 here.)
bigpeeler should start posting on sa again, i enjoyed his zoo stories
list three types of content you would like to see.
i will provide one of them, unless you make an intentionally absurd list (e.g. "your bank details")
what would your ideal britfeel thread consist of?
my favourite was that bloke who built a house (he just built a house, lads)
and that lass who lived with a "the anime boys we fancy are real, in another dimension" girl
Lol'd @ this too
Universe trynna tell me somefink or sommet
*goes for the obvious Hot Fuzz reference*
*instead says:*
your bank details tbqhwy
It's quite easy.
i never read any of your posts
the law of attraction means you'll create us tulpas/thoughtforms whether you want to or not
neither of us are sexy succubi because of all that shagging you've been doing
Flid and HHL obituaries
HHL is on a mad one today
Fucking hell lad take a day off
We are all nostrils in this life lads. This life and the next.
What are you on about shit stirrer?
Think he's watching Sunderland be shite at football today. We'll get the inevitable drink-fueled meltdown when he gets in later I bet.
I don't have a problem with homosexuality but actual sodomy should be against the law. There's other things they can do.
Very dire fartinghams today i'll say
What did he mean by this?
He is trying to force his new nostrils gimmick. Just ignore him
As a homosexual but not a sodomite, I agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa5STn_9aWo [Embed]
It's the straights whose penises are terrorising women's anuses.
Trip on spam mong yeah?
I hope seasideMARK_beer_reviews is having a lovely Sunday
corrr spurs vs arsenal with a milkshake and a spliff
how sundays should be de lads
*Farts into the fred*
Uh oh...stinky!
Did this post make you feel better little man?
Yet youre still here posting dire drivel hmm
Being told that you're handsome + good at sex really is one of the most elevating things you can experience as a man almost
Nothing else quite compares in terms of having your own SMV confirmed
been told im handsome but never good at sex, to be fair ive not had sex for 12 years now though
imagine bringing your partner to climax but not attaining it yourself.
IMAGINE.
Anotha sloppy shittingtonshire from me arse
Is it gay to like trannies? I'd wager not if they're passing
Wewcastle scoring 3 goals in first 10 minutes against tottenham. Only 1 time in wyneside
4chan is free too
angry little fella
You're a spamming faggot, you contribute nothing. You were almost tolerable at the start, then 3 years of your faggot arse being here doing nothing but spam, proved what type of poster you are, it's not surprising nobody wants anything to do with you.
Mad to think you ha spent 3 years of you life reading all his spam and drivel. 
You will never get that time back.
You're a spamming faggot
Wrong poster again my leed if thats alright with you my leeeeed.
lost my virginity to a tranny the other day
now im chad
yous aren't going around not buying 4chan Gold Accounts, VIP Passes, and clicking on J-List ads, are yous? ARE YOUS???
Honestly lad, how the fuck do you make new friends as an adult in this country? I don't care about sports and I work 45 hours a week. My coworkers are all 50+ divorced boomers and I'm 28. Lonely asf lads tbfh. Not interested in joining sports groups off Meetup, they're gay
i am omnipotent.
Genuinely, join a course (vocational/technical college type stuff).
I'd say D&amp;D groups but no. Never join D&amp;D groups.
No I will spend all day here with my /britfeel/ friends 
Cheers x
Oh yeah this post was golden too
A nicely concise and hyper-logical breakdown of the relationshit breakdown (which was not caused by me, to wit)
She didn't get preggers immediately on first/second try due to her aging ovaries and that's basically the sole reason she proceeded to trash our whole thing, because her primitive femoid instincts were telling her to do so
An old chinese proverb says that
He who fards also shidds
I be doin alri there my leeeds if thats alright with you my leeds? so get in deere
get in derre spam mong
I'd argue that shagging trannies or men in general isn't really gay as long as you're not kissing them
Trying to convince yourself of something?
Excited to see whether miles is going to be executed on monday or not 
Would be intensely surreal if so, i enjoyed the guy's content tbqfh
when i havent had weed in like months
the brain produces the effects.. in dreams, slightly
i mean i fell in love with so many guys in my dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r77Fn5td-n0 [Embed] 
have nutella around my mouth
Not heard about the switching airplane mode on and off mate
And you call yourself a shitposter
Fucking hell
Stop posting this fucking webm you cunt
Spammong does not appear to mind being shat on tbqfh
Imagine being her haha
Corr me phone is making a weird bleeping noise
NUCLEAR STRIKE IMMINENT
I just got spooked
BEEEEEEEEEP BEEEEEEEEEP BEEEEEEEEEP BEEEEEEEEEP
this is the most terrifying thing ive ever experienced, YOU CANNOT DO THIS TO ME GUBBERMENT
only one beep? thats a bit shit isnt it?
Am so goddamn curious about assian pucci bros
Must be a lot thighter than whitoid pucci i reckon
And i get so many asian harlots salivating over me BWC too, one of these days i'll probably give in to the temptation
Assian lol
That's a nice freudian slip there i'm supposin
they're salivating over the chance of a visa
The government has decided that you will not survive
theres loads of chinese girls (never chinese boys) that visit my town for tourism
they look like literal children but im pretty sure they're mid 20s
i wanna smash that shit so hard but i have no idea how
Seethetroonspamspackermong fruitlessly trying to bait and begging for (You)s again lol
Civil servant boomeroid hooting inna phone or sommet
What sickening bullshit
he who sharts produces the stank
Phwoar fockin 'ell 
Garn head out in around 30-60 i reckon
Get some foodingtonshire in mah belly and all
No notification for me. They're on to you. Quick, put all yer porn in the oven before it's too late.
https://youtu.be/7vIjBtdEQRE [Embed]
I have the emergency alerts disabled
Fuck that
Forgot to say, you don't turn the oven on, no need as they never check the oven. That's how the nazis got away with it for so long, UN's weapons inspectors never checked saddams ovens, and that's where he kept his nukes. They were smuggled out to putin, whilst Jawad al-Maliki was having the kitchen renovated. He'd not seen them, as he lived exclusively on halal pot noodles until the kitchen was finished.
As if it cut off before the makeup shotgun. That was the best one.
what percentage of your phones received the alert lads?
40% here. two fifths of me would have been dead in a flood or nuclear strike.
You need to turn it back on now, so you know when the aliens land.
0% of my phone received the alert. How did your phone receive the 40%, was it most of the message, or part of the noise?
Also, sorry to do this, but, two fifths is 1 tenths.
t. mafs geenios
The bastards sent me this.
Can the aliens be sexed?
After the courtship dance, yes.
https://youtu.be/4vkR1G_DUVc [Embed]
Android yes, iOS no
guess iOS wants me dead
If you're gooning less than 12 hours per week then lower your tone when talking to me
The most bizarre thing that had ever happened to me just occurred. It was incredibly grim too, will greentext it this e evening
You a drug dealer, or just shitposter?
Need the new w40k vidya to drop already
That and Unrecord
Tell me it's not true.
My year 6 discos prepared me for this exact moment. I will claim my extraterrestrial snake tits gf and will stick it in her(?) cloaca
Anybody else getting the dosser handout within the next couple of weeks? Going to buy moar RAM.
footlad got banned?
he said something about posting tits in /brit/ so probably
Going to buy twitter blue. Not even bothered about the politics of it all I think its funny how everyones getting so mad over it. I read theres campaigns called 'block the blue' whereby people are trying to bankrupt twitter by brigading subscription havers.
I think ill jump into the fun. I think this is Elons strategy. He knows just how annoying the coddled low IQ echo chamber people are and he can use that against the normal population to make them hate them and maybe even give twitter a go. 
Twitter blue, here I come!
Got a KFC me de lids. Been on that Sunday club drink so I'm doing alright there me leeeeeeds x
Putting it towards a PS5. Get in.
Thank you wagies.
Yeah very high IQ move that lad, go for it!
My download button is broken.
My account isnt 30 days old yet. Elon has 10 pound with his name written on it in a months time, however.
You're living the best life lid. Fuck the miserable bitter wagies haha
Is it a one off payment of 10 bong?
better off saving that for some auditing equipment!
No. 10 pound every MONTH. or 100 a year. Everyone is chimping out but its because all the twitter degenerates have spent all their lives trying their hardest to do whatever it takes to get a fancy blue tick. Now that anyone can get one with a subscription theyre all freaking out. To the point where the weird people are blocking any tick on sight. Theyre seething. I want to sign up just for that. It'd be worth sending 100 to twitter.
Klaus Schwab's knob
We all walk over dead Helperrats in life
to be fair i'd probably walk around him if i saw him dead in a deitch. dunno what i'd be doing in a deitch in sunderland anyway
Fuck that. I'd rather give 10 quid a month to Goddess Glow or seasideMARK.
SEASIDE SUNDAY UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-y98FAqJUs [Embed]
not a lot of posts today, everybody busy i guess
He doesn't as animated as usual
reckon helen told him off for his alcoholism she wasn't drinking
sandra told sean off for drinking too much
Page seven on a Sunday, it's disgraceful. Is everyone watching the footy?
name ONE time in history when a boycott has worked
internet forums charging tenbux to post
huh, what an idea
everyone is busy gooning
Ruth's genitalia
I thought part of the thing with gooning was telling everyone about it though
Got more wooze at the shoppington me. Sunderland in the play-offs now. It's a wovely x
Aw, how exciting for you.
Six in a row. See you next season.
Nuff said x
gonna sound weird but need some advice on moving to england
built up good savings over the past few years from part time jobs and inheritances, will be guaranteed enough a month to pay for rent food and then 300 or so to go to fuckall i could want. gap year is up so im using uni as an excuse to leave the states, applying to a few on tuesday (know im late to it but worth a shot) able to claim dual nat off of my dad as well so none of that diplomatic shite has to be dealt with
staying away from larger cities like birmingham london manchester southampton, which areas should i look into? been eyeing the east and midlands since they seem similar to where i'm now, ideally want to stay away from areas with a lot of non-brits so i don't get lumped with all the other american weirdos, half-british and father made sure to ram my vocab with proper english from day one
will people care too much about my accent as it is rn? since i obv wont sound local apart fron word choice, do tend to take on the inflection of whoever im talking to so maybe ill develop an accent naturally idk
also are there any stupid bills/taxes i can try to avoid? budgeting so far says i'll be paying 1000 quid a month on rent groceries petrol, but i know im missing something from that, will also need student loans but those wont be as bad a burden as i first thought due to the inheritance
prolly sounds odd to see smth like this asked but dont have many british friends and me father is loonngg gone so i cant just ask him
keeps the riff raff out
no one will care about your accent
i dont think you pay student tax if you're a full time student
pretty much every where is becoming racially enriched, even my crappy old farming town where we used to have one token black couple is full of people of colour now
im assuming you're living by yourself if your bills are going to be a grand a month
Got some of them Madris me. Garn finish off me wokkles of VK then then get started on these Spanish weers. It welper's world x
Will you get a bag in, lid?
Looking forward to the inevitable tears and meltdown later you impotent cretin
Nah I'm staying on that woozegrind tonight.
Maybe.
Filthy mouth on this cop. No wonder they are hated. Busy...just sitting in his van doing fuck all. Sad fucking cunt.
https://youtu.be/4-IOC_lHEQ8 [Embed]
Do you genuinely forget the way that you feel and the way you behave every time you get pissed? Honest question, it doesn't seem fun for you or those around you.
Bit rich coming from you to be fair lad
Not him, but, for some of us, life isn't fun.
The pigs are part of the reason I am this way.
got it and yea will be living on my own, want some freedom for once instead of being bogged down my family
I've had a fucking long day. The last thing I need is you lads winding me up.
Why, what have you been up to mate?
My mum made me tidy my bedroom
Not much but it's one of those days where I'm stressed out. Got to change the bedsheets later.
This must be his wife.
Never lmao
Whose cock will you be sucking next then de lad?
based HHL, we all NEET pissheads until we die
Yours sexy boi &lt;3
That we are de lid. That we are.
in this essay i will be exploring how the PC brigade has become so PC they've had to become the woke brigade because PC is racist against Macs
Are you going to audit her knicker drawer?
i am SO MUCH of a gay homosexual that i feel attracted to the same sex (not the opposite sex)
no NEET union out on strike
we just have to wait and hope the stars align for another Universal Credit uplift
I SPOKE TO GOD TODAY AND SHE SAID THAT SHE'S ASHAMED
WHAT HAVE I BECOME?
WHAT HAVE I DONE?
I SPOKE TO THE DEVIL TODAY AND HE SWEARS HE'S NOT TO BLAME
AND I UNDERSTOOD 'CAUSE I FEEL THE SAME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ay1V9uXI7c [Embed]
me, at the cool drugs party:
yeah, that's me
shan't be drinking on a sunday
what time will he break down tonight
Nah no weltdowns tonight. Just chilling and killing off this wooze.
*melts down instead*
kewel dood
No not into milfs.
Let's just see what happens. Life is wemporary x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BH2_vmVfEE [Embed]
UKMTT cracks me up.
what are some good electronic/ambient/instrumental albums?
pure mad synth bloopy melodic music. from the 70s/80s. not so much Brian Eno shite.
i REFUSE to go to the dedicated Music subforum. i expect i will be met with hostility for such a basic question.
You sound like a facebook boomer with a speech impediment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ESU6CnKWfA&amp;pp=ygUXTWFuaXB1bGF0aW5nIFdvbWFuIGxhZHk%3D [Embed]
*untwists everyones knickers*
That should give us 48 min without arguing.
The normoid got all excited for this. Sad.
Dont try to fit in as a native. Wont work. It sounds weird when you try to use 'proper british' words like quid and other exclusively british words with an accent it sounds forced. Just talk normally. You will find people who find your accent a novelty and it will work in your favour. If you try to act british people will find you weird
Also, why do you want to move to the UK? Not blasting you for it. Just wondering. Are you skilled? I'm asking this because working for minimum wage in britain is really shit. You will end up scraping by every month in a job you are not appreciated for. If youre lucky itll be an environment that permits making friends but dont cant on it because most jobs are full of people who are also struggling who want to check in and check out so they can get on with what left they have of their time.
gingers should be executed
Agree
Footlad is a ginger
sean is a ginger
Sad fucking cunts all of a sudden think emergency alerts will actually save us when the nukes are dropped. I wonder how many whores got beaten for having a secret phone today.
Stupid normoids complaining they didn't get an alarm. Maybe upgrade your ancient potato Android phone?
Phwoar proper good lunchinghamshireton-on-the-naze this was
Fat Britain. Shameful. Women like that make me sick. She's probably only 25 too.
kek the uk is so far behind in technology
Fat people should be forced to go to therapy that includes weight management. Fat boasting should be banned. Fat acceptance should be a very hush hush thing with everyone accepting they must get healthier
Looks like footmong got banned again haha
Companies should be taxed very high amounts to produce slop products. To the extent where its so unprofitable most companies pivot away from it.
I didn't even get the emergency alert.
You must be on 3, the worst network.
Certain networks and even some areas glitched out and didn't get them. Like everything else, the government can't do anything right. At least the test showed them whatever much they paid for this shit, they got fleeced.
I am. Nobody on 3 got it lmao.
So I can't enjoy some slop every now and then because some fatso can't control their fucking eating habits?
You mean everyday
The most bizarre event in my life by far happened this afternoon, going to voluntarily put 50p in the LARP jar even though it's real because I wouldn't believe it unless it had actually happened to me.
FWB asked me earlier if I'd like to go to a national trust place with her and her son. I arrived and we started walking towards to house. The son was being reasonably well behaved but she was being quite loud and shouty in disciplining him which was cringe enough. At one point he was running along this path and almost bumped into a man, FWB asked him to 'move out of the way of that man', and when I looked over, it was Nick Griffin with what I believe was his sister.
I didn't want to pester him, so didn't say anything once I recognised him, but as we arrived at practically the same time, we were basically right next to him as we walked around for the entire afternoon. At one point the son asked the guide a question about this old grandfather clock, and the guide said "Can you read Roman numerals? This one was made is 1820, that's even older than mummy and daddy!" At this point the son pointed at me, and very loudly said to the guide "That man isn't my daddy! He's just mummy's friend" at which point several people stared and were clearly smirking. Nick Griffin was stood right next to me, doing a bradder's 'fanny schmeler' face trying not to burst out laughing in my face. This was already extremely embarrassing, with a very uncomfortable amount of attention, and right at that fucking moment a siren went off in my pocket. One of the grimmest moments ever.
nice
the only way this story gets any better is if your fwb is black
Nah, long term FWB is white, all the negresses have been quite short flings
Spam mong is back from /brit/
shows you how much the government cares about you
I bet she would make a good domme
It not right
I'm a celibate virgin and got an alert
scared the shit out of me because I didn't know it was coming
kek ktim
Do you live under a rock?
Its been in the news for weeks lad
who is spam mong?
One of the hardest men on 4chan
We all hard men in life x
Don't want to see that on my computer screen thanks
Yeah I genuinely had no clue, I've heard one or two anons mention something about it but I didn't know what they meant. I just work, eat, and sleep. I don't do much else or know about a lot else lol
WHy do you even bother with these larps. You sat at home all day avoiding your parents
Your mum's Nick Griffin
Spam mong just fishing for (You)'s innit
It's literally not a LARP, although I couldn't blame anyone for thinking so
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo-U5iOinM8 [Embed]
all of them are supposed to relax my pain
they dont
What meds are you on Mihai?
yeah and they dont
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/search/tnum/73062050/deleted/deleted/page/1/
Howling
Boggles the mind
SSM giving back the the community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnlNv8AmTM4 [Embed]
a newly refashioned symbiotic relationship was born
https://youtu.be/00TD4bXMoYw?t=66 [Embed]
mihai knew all the points in the brain
Got flids spunk stuck in your hair?
He done the same on TikTok lol
At least we get a break from fetish porn and women feet for 3 days
I thought one of the milfs in your work office would have mentioned it
which one is hhI?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk47qO8rW4Y&amp;t=113s [Embed]
its really gonna hurt
yeah.. i know
you've been stabbed by a morgul blade. in your left shoulder nonetheless
that wound will never fully heal, not until the end of your days
it will hurt in your foot which it does now
w/e, it will hurt
The guy in the glasses with the perfectly round head
Holy shit look at this bunch of mongs
Bottom left. He's a normal looking lad who just happens to be an absolute mong.
with a three inch cock
Let's see what you look like then mr chad?
