*CLANG* edition
*CLANG*
Fuck's sake a wis havin a sly nap did ye have to clang it
Hear ye 'o' hear ye
*CLANG*
Hence forth the thread will be about auditing, asmr, misery posting and riling up other posters.
Hear ye 'o' hear ye
*CLANG*
wonder what hhI is having for dinner today
Started following Frankie Bridge on instagram to look at her fat arse in her stupid outfit videos
Steak pie, chippy wippies and peas for din dins with some winger weer.
Why do l find this so hot?
your dinner is crying out for some gravy
*CLANG*
The beige and drab dinner has been posted
*CLANG*
I only come to /britfeel/ for Helper dinner updates
I have a feeling there are a good few auditors who simply don't have any positive attention in their lives. No one to love them. Auditing is cope.
Why don't zoomers like the monarchy?
read this as babecock at first lmao
The one thing I would never do is go live when depressed and on the booze. The pigs gather so much info from them doing live videos.
Because you like fatties because they're less undesirable than other normal therefore matching the fact you're also undesirable and that you could have a better chance. That's why you like fatties
The one thing I would never do is actually do anything I say I will when I can play make believe on 4chan
Maybe he just likes soft jiggly lasses or something. The belly wobbling is peculiar behaviour though.
whats the video lad
37 years old that AY lad. Stressed out he can't pull the birds anymore.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dmqCuSR3e8 [Embed]
Gonna get me auditing in someday
So you've been saying for 8 months now lad 
Saving up to buy a phone etc 
Don't claim bennies so its taking a while 
Will eventually have to claim bennies but that means leaving the house 
etc etc etc. 
We've heard is all before soft lad, you've repeated the drivel often enough.
He keeps chatting up young ladies and they clearly don't like it. He can't understand what's wrong. He got really annoyed when she said she must get back to her bf. The poor lad is going through a mid-life crisis. Went to a naughty school and can't see his kids anymore. No wonder he feels so down. Amazing how some people can't see their own flaws. I'm hopeful things will get better for the Yorkshire lad.
well when I'm ready, I'm ready. I need to do this. I'm never getting relationships. I may as well do my own thing.
Great sandwich for tea, sliced beef, double gloucester, mayonnaise, seabrook beefy crisps.
Really enjoyable/10.
All a bit thick up there aren't they?
It's so sad to see 30+ men feel so down and drowning their sorrows at the pub. The whole thing with men aging better is a joke. Nobody wants to know you past 30. Don't drink alcohol lads. It only makes everything worse in the long run - both physically and mentally. Girls don't like unstable men. It does help to be attractive in life and keep yourself healthy. That's no guarantee you'll find love though.
You're thinking of Lancashire.
Do you mean don't become an alcoholic? 99% of adults in this country drink, some more than others. Work friend of mine put it quite well, we were discussing dry January and he described it as watching a porn but finding out that it's all dicks. Everyone needs some cope, imagine just rawdogging reality without any chemical buffer.
You take that back you smug frog fuck!
I'm thinking of everyone above the Watford gap. Especially Birmingham, genuinely can't believe anyone from their is even slightly competent or intelligent. Would rather deal with the Irish.
Maybe but he seems like a bit of a player and is now paying the price. Messed around in his 20s, women got tired of his anger issues and I don't think he has a stable income/career. He's 37 now and can't understand why women don't want him. When I saw that woman walk away, he made a little derogatory comment about her just because she said her boyfriend is sitting over there. Lonely man but at least he isn't incel (he has past relationships and children).
My suggestion would be to shave that beard, dress a bit smarter (he's wearing trackies), get on some training for a new career and control his anger more. Watching AY's live is depressing.
Guarantee he will delete the live video like he did with the last one when he revealed the face of another auditor.
Fine, you're actually not that bad at all.
What video lid
We all like the young ladies but things are different now (younger people don't date older like they used to). AY will have to find someone his own age. I find he does chat up girls in their twenties and thinks he's 21 still.
Watching any YouTube personality or streamer is depressing. It's reality TV for nerds that get to feel superior by not watching love Island, but if you look at it objectively it's the same dumb shit with no artistic merit or real entertainment value
I reckon DJA is an incel
He's still going at it. Had a bit of a mental breakdown earlier saying he has no friends other than a few other audit lads.
https://www.youtube.com/live/THzklXccsIk
https://youtu.be/jgv2ElgeKPc [Embed]
Really like guitar lads rendition earlier
Just a grey screen?
oh fuck he's getting into an argument now. really unstable man.
Did the bar ever ask him to stop filming and he sperged? What caused the meltdown.
I don't watch these people, need some catch up.
Feel like i'm sliding into one of my occasional bad mental health spells
uwu
He found a police van and thought it was a good idea to open the door and act the big man on live stream. He doesn't like it now the police are asking him questions.
you can rewind, I think he's getting into a fight. he's had too many drinks.
the bar lady said something about it but he said he was only filming himself. he kept trying to buy her a drink but she wasn't having any of it. making excuses that she's boring to hopefully make him give up.
AY is kicking off big time
kek the cops have got him now live. maybe don't give away you were in Halifax as a wanted man. real low iq.
you can rewind
Yeah just did that. At least we still get audio
Auditing Yorkshire just arrested for vehicle interference. Kek. And this is why the ladies don't like you. You are an unstable, angry, middle aged man.
Tyrant ended the stream loool
corr gonna save me that video for sure now. piggies really got him now.
I could hear him booting the inside of the police wagon haha
These people sound like spackers, does anyone here actually support them or are we 'avin' a gawk at speds?
Fuck I thought it was just another boring "poor me why don't the ladies like me anymore" drunken stream again but now he's going to be staring at a ceiling all night.
think you're a big man don't you?
what are you, six foot?
The insecurity, man. It just bleeds out of them.
I applied for a grad job there a few months back. They rejected me.
most of them are trolls pretending to care about his rights. they love seeing them get locked up.
I was going to fire up youtube-dl but just noticed the video is over 2 hours long
No way, he was in Halifax. Kek.
He was begging people to come have a drink with him and no one came.
I swear I've seen the copper in another auditing video
I wouldn't have gone down, sod being filmed.
TYRANTS, LOT O' YEH'
Lmao classic ending that
Downloaded the video and going to send it to Halifax police, I'm sure they'll like the part where he was asking his supporters if he should nick the van.
based bootlicker
he was crying at the state of his life lmao
Holy shit I used to drink here. The security were nice. What utter cunts these people are. Took a fat L too.
forgot the link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMjzvsI8SHI [Embed]
Canterbury spoons audit.
https://www2.hm.com/en_gb/productpage.1126160003.html?utm_source=rakuten&amp;utm_medium=affiliate&amp;utm_campaign=2116208_Skimlinks.com_pi_GBA1907X301212&amp;utm_content=10&amp;utm_term=UK_Network&amp;ranMID=43250&amp;ranEAID=TnL5HPStwNw&amp;ranSiteID=TnL5HPStwNw-RF1GtqFLT8Ee7HqCkmbdgQhttps://www2.hm.com/en_gb/productpage.1126160003.html?utm_source=rakuten&amp;utm_medium=affiliate&amp;utm_campaign=2116208_Skimlinks.com_pi_GBA1907X301212&amp;utm_content=10&amp;utm_term=UK_Network&amp;ranMID=43250&amp;ranEAID=TnL5HPStwNw&amp;ranSiteID=TnL5HPStwNw-RF1GtqFLT8Ee7HqCkmbdgQ
Kino suit at h&amp;m
Every frauditor pretty much has mental health issues. Attachment, loneliness, depression, no job, issues with authority. It sad. It all comes spilling out when they get on the alcohol.
Smenk in the dark blue shirt to the right of the woman in a pink top at 1:05
Never knew an auditors life was so lonely
https://youtu.be/THzklXccsIk?t=3577 [Embed]
Holy shit learn to link properly you utter cretin.
Are you positive you don't know him lad? Halifax is a small place after all
The fuck is that link? You trying to give me a virus
Can't imagine how much of a miserable attention seeking worm you'd have to be to record people at the pub just to try and monetise their reactions.
damn poley is looksmaxxing
I don't know loads of people, and rarely venture out.
Real broken man that one. But don't worry he apparently he makes more money in one video than you do in a week sausage boy.
This old man auditor is sad af.
Here he is using "I'm an auditor" as a chat up line
https://youtu.be/THzklXccsIk?t=5131 [Embed]
Has a face only a mother could love. Right uggo.
Cock &amp; Bottle pub in Halifax looks grim. How can anyone enjoy drinking there?
Whu are British pubs so depressing in 2023? Playing 2000s songs in the background from his vid and full of old drunks.
You can hear how visibly old he is, doesn't seem like something someone with a loving family would do.
Pubs are a dying breed out of touch with the modern world.
I could tell that woman wanted to get away. Even SSM isn't this pathetic.
I don't want to end up like AY or koleeberks.
Join a members club, I may not give a shit about the politics but the FORMAT of conservative clubs is brilliant. I used to go to the Canterbury one a lot as a guest. Nice snooker tables.
You pay a yearly fee for membership. No dickhead randos or tourists and cheap drinks to make up for the price of entry.
Don't worry lad you'd need to leave the house so you're safe.
Don't film anything, and stop caring about what happens behind closed doors.
Me? treat my gf like shit but she's still devoutly loyal
Have you ever done that Broadbridge?
I certainly won't be messing around with the pigmobiles. I did think about touching them and saying this is paid by the taxpayer, so it's not your personal car.
Seething auditor didn't see that arrest coming.
https://vocaroo.com/1gRIzHHGBjgM
He doesn't feel alone reading the replies in his live chat.
They couldn't care less about him, he's just another lolcow LMFAO
You ever got bored of these fucking fantasy LARPs? Fucking hell.
don't make any threats Kevin
Kev fucked around and found out
Now that he is safely in custody, those public order charges he's wanted for elsewhere can also be processed. It's going to be a long night for him. He'll be boating about the thousand pounds payout in a few months.
The larps will be reality. I'm not put off and learning from their mistakes. If I'm getting arrested, it will be an unlawful one.
You're allowed to film in public. Anywhere really as long as it isn't voyeurism or within a restricted area (prison, military base). It's all fair game filming hot girls in bikinis this summer.
Shut the fuck up you boring cunt. You've been saying this for months now yet haven't left the house a single time.
Wonder what time the audit spam will switch to Ruth spam today. Or will it be tranny spam next? I always get the schedule mixed up.
Even in the van he said he was paid out 2k recently 
I just enjoyed watching AY's weltdown live
You're allowed to film in public.
I know. That anon said he didn't want to be like them, so I was saying don't do what they do.
He just likes to go on about what you're technically allowed to do, it fuels his fantasies. No real point trying to reason with the lad
You've been saying this for months now yet haven't left the house a single time.
He's a security guard working nights, lad.
I just keep getting that urge to. Feels like a good dopamine rush. You don't know what you're getting yourself into with some people.
ssm spammer missed his shift... he'll be kicked out of the discord
wooooow I just had some sticky toffee pudding with vanilla ice cream and it was lush woooow what an experience de lads woooow nice one bruce get in there lads
I don't have anyone by that name on my tyrant spreadsheet.
Had a wank today when I had the opportunity to have a shag. Need to punish myself for this, I'm too lazy
Last thing I'd want to be if I worked is a cop or security guard.
Corr she looks a bit like are Ruth
For every payout, there's ten more lawful arrests they've had.
You don't have a spreadsheet.
I'd put my truncheon in her truncheon holder, if you know what I mean.
Where have you gone Joe DiMaggio our nation turns its lonely eyes to you
are ruth would never do a low iq, no qualifications needed job like being a police constable. she'll be making the big bucks in a respected career after uni. I would put money on it.
I don't know man. Cute but could never trust being in a relationship with someone in the police. Let them date each other. Pigs are pigs at the end of the day. It attracts those with low iq. She must've been bullied at school that girl and now thinks being a police officer is going to make her feel all mighty. Sad!
Been fantasising about changeing my name and moving far away, i wont do it because i miss my mum but still worth thinking about
now thinks being a police officer is going to make her feel all mighty.
Or she might want to help people?
What is your IQ and what qualifications do you have, out of curiosity?
I do on me onedrive. Copspotting is fun. Sometimes you'll see the same ones in other videos.
He's a fully qualified night security guard. Even has his valid SIA licence
Doubt it. If she cared about people, she'd be a paramedic or nurse. Those require qualifications, though. The police are always hiring btw neets.
This said by the unwashed mong who sits at home crying of no gf all day.
I am not low IQ like them mong pigs. Thick as shit when I had to endure them on my nightwalks. They ruined my mental health so I've never been able to succeed in life. That's why I need to get in on the audit game.
You're so low IQ you can't get past a countersignature on a passport.
Why would you have to endure them? You just make shit up.
Need social connections. They made my social life worse.
They thought I was suspicious walking about at 1 am and not explaining my reasons. Cunts beat me up too and walked off.
Ruthmong's a nasty lad. Spends all day thinking nasty horrid thoughts and blaming others for it. Bitter little creature he is, hateful and mean, and spiteful to the point of inaction.
A nasty lad, that ruthmong.
I can film in public anytime. I can wash anytime. I can't just get a girlfriend anytime. It don't work like that sausagemeat.
I'd never murder a cyclist intentionally, but I fucking guarantee if I ever wasn't paying attention and knocked one off the road by accident, I'd get away with it due to divine intervention
Took me a good min of wondering wtf btw neets were.
None of us are psychic, we can't say what anothers motives are or are not.
Kev's probably booked in now and sitting in his grey custody issued joggers contemplating his decisions in life.
He is a spectacularly pathetic person even for here. How can he say its unfair he doesn't get love or sex? It's the most fair thing I've ever heard
What police shows have you been watching? If you're in the cells and need a change of clothes, they'll give you a paper boiler suit.
Corr what a lovely pristine pair of joggers. It's a joy to wear nice clean joggers so it is.
What police shows have you been watching?
He's been in police custody many times
another day of my life wasted having talked to no women
god I hate this
On the ceiling of the custody cell, they usually have a stencil thing that says you can sort your life out with the right help. I bet he's staring at that. Probably calmed down a bit now. You may take the piss but this is a troubled man who needs love and affection in his life.
He must be lonely as fuck sitting in a cell all by himself. No YouTube comments from complete randomers to read
Fuck off with your personofbanality shit. You obsess over posters here, and constantly shit stir for drama.
I know that feel lid
Cunts beat me up too and walked off.
This has to be one of your daftest LARPs ever.
I don't think that is Ruthmong. He wouldn't say something so retarded
They gave me grey joggers and jumper when I was there for the mental health detainment. Wouldn't let me wear anything with strings on. Some pervy cop had to sit outside the cell with the door open all the time so I can't even take a shit. Right fucking saddos.
Another big night of drama, lets pretend and speculation for the girls of /britfeel/
He wouldn't say something so retarded
His spends his whole day saying retarded shit.
That sucks. They'll be trawling through his phone too and violating his rights...especially if they need evidence to back up the tampering thing. If he refuses to disclose any credentials they can use a key disclosure law against him.
*blows you a cheeky little kiss*
When I got arrested they never gave me clothes, I just wore what I was wearing when taken in. I was out in about 8 hours but still. Just booked into the cell, then had my mugshot and fingerprints taken by some qt negress, back to the cell, interview and released without charge
Ruthmong plays you like a fucking fiddle you just can't help but take he bait every time. Well done helping him through his 12 hour night shift.
You're being worked if you think he has a job.
Never ever say you're feeling suicidal to a cop. They will find something to arrest you on like wasting their time. Pigs have no morals.
Most of his comments are about asmr girls and self pity.
I still don't buy the night shift thing but I agree that he thrives on attention and should be starved of it. Lad's just a miserable neet.
we don't need no stinking women
When i got arrested they took my shoes and my shorts (because they had a drawstring) and gave me a blue paper boilersuit to wear
Same process almost. They took the clothes as "evidence" for damaging something apparently. Told me to sign my fingerprints and detention...why the fuck would I do that? Seems pointless. So I refused. Could use your handwriting style against you in the future too.
I think he might be a baiting night shift worker but I quite like playing along anyway
Will be updating my spreadsheet more tonight.
When was this? Sounds like a long time ago.
I quite like playing along anyway
Is that because you have nowt else to do?
SAD!
When I got arrested they made me wear a Mr Blobby costume and hit me with cricket bats
Post 874 from Ruthmong about how he'll never work because he doesn't have a gf and it doesn't matter now because he can't go back and experience all the good times he missed out on 
MUST REPLY TO RUTHMONG MUST SWALLOW THE BAIT WHOLE.
i remember we had a night time cctv operator / security guard posting here years ago
You went to far Ruthmong. 50p in the jar
Well it true lad. If you don't keep up pace you're a write off to girls. Brutal pill.
When I got arrested I was issued with mechanics overalls. This was bizarre because the crime I was alleged to have committed was criminal damage at a garage. The duty sergeant said it was so I could empathise with what the terrified mechanic had to deal with as I was smashing up his snap-on toolbox. Not sure that was really appropriate because you're meant to be innocent until proven guilty, and by trying to pre-emptively punish me they were presuming guilt.
But it rendered me incapable of forming meaningful relationships, and as a result I must watch recordings of men nervously confronting shopping centre security guards
what ASMR channels does PTTP watch?
I'm doing exactly the same thing as you're doing lad.
Any SSM evening update de lids?
I remember that. I think around 2017ish? 
I remember watching storm Hunters. P comfy.
Lets be honest, this thread is your life isn't it? This isn't just some throwaway thread on 4chan that you'll have forgotten about by next week, it's the core of your life, around which everything else makes way for
Yeah but not this general. This edition in particular. I will be reading it for years and never forget it.
we all throwaways in life lad
Well make a more interesting post. This place is carried by ruthmong.
I'm not scared to say, I love /britfeel/.
When I got arrested it was on the morning of my 30th birthday. The lads who arrested me didn't say who they were but just being seen in that position messed up my job at the bank. I tried for ages to get in touch with the judge and officials for my case but they were all over the place, and people started spreading horrible rumours about me, and it took ages to find the right court room for my case. It ended up being in the attic, which was a bit weird. I tried to explain that I didn't know why I'd been arrested but that just seemed to rile them up more. My uncle tried to give me a hand but his lawyer wasn't very well, and said that I'd messed my case up. He was fucking useless to be fair. Anyway in the end they took me out to a quarry and stabbed me with a butcher's knife, like a dog.
If it wasn't for this thread I would go days without talking to someone. The most interaction I get is saying thank you to the person on the tills when I go shopping.
That sounds horrific, did you survive?
The only female I've spoke to is my mum. I don't think a girl has ever talked to me since school and that was easily over 15 years ago. I'm invisible to them.
2007 maybe? But in an original way
thank you to the person on the tills when I go shopping.
I always use self checkout so don't even do that anymore.
Will be changing the underwear soon. Starting to smell. Not sure how long I've had them on. Probably a week or two.
it definitely used to be, I used to be like this anon >>73080565 but my life has moved on now and I still come here for old times sake
I change me undies twice a week when I shower.
alri Josef
Hows Casnewydd these days, you still there?
I don't shower. I just put on clean clothes after a few days. I smell good still.
Girls don't want to associate with lads who have run ins with the law.
Any /brit/ anons know how Ebin's getting on these days?
I don't shower.
These are the types of lads you're arguing with.
I like to take my basket back to the thing after using the self checkout so they think I'm a nice lad. Sometimes they even say thank you and I say "no bother!"
There's no greater joy in my life than being a lovely lad whenever I can
eh they're still human at the end of the day
Didn't he say he was supposed to be starting his Open Uni course soon?
Sometimes at the self checkout I intentionally mess it up so the cute checkout lady leans over me and punches in the code to reset it. That's the only female attention I get.
I had a dream that I was playing at the world snooker championships, and I was on course to potentially get a 147. Just before potting the final red I heard footsteps racing and it was poleaboo, who jumped onto the table, sent a few of the balls flying and shaked powder all over the table. 
This was my only chance to ever get a 147 and poleaboo had ruined it, I was furious, so furious in fact that I went up to him (stood on the table facing away from me), and used my snooker cue to 'pot' his bollocks. To be precise I aimed for the left one, and he flinched and screamed in agony. To make matters worse, the ref called it a push and awarded my opponent 4 points.
There is such a nice feel when a girl's hair brushes against your skin for a brief moment. It makes me feel better. Smelling their perfume and hearing the bracelets dangle calms me down.
The one at mine is typically is this old greasy looking long haired fart. There was a cute young girl one time I went, she was wearing stupidly tight jeans to further remind guys like me I don't stand a chance.
One time I accidentally knocked a girl when I poked my head up from the fridge thing with the sandwiches. She didn't say anything even though I apologised. Because she ignored me I got real abusive and stormed out.
Most of the time it's old ladies and big men. All the qts do restaurant and coffee shop work. Can't go to those places as that's not my style.
Bet you're all slow and inefficient at the self checkout. Bet you're cackhanded and clumsy and fumble with your bags when there's a queue. Bet your card doesn't work properly the first time you try to use contactless so you have to put it in the machine instead, wasting valuable time. Bet you fuck up scanning an item and need to wait for a slow, listless man to come over and help you.
I know the feeling, girls are pretty awesome. I enjoy relaxing with some ASMR but nothing beats being with them in person. Just thinking of this makes me feel better.
There are men right now sitting in custody wanting to end it all. Grim to think about the mental health crisis.
Good point. I've never been to a restaurant before. Have no idea how to order at one. Been to coffee shops before but that was years ago and it was those chain stores that are quick get in get out thing.
Bet you're all slow and inefficient at the self checkout. Bet you're cackhanded and clumsy and fumble with your bags when there's a queue. Bet your card doesn't work properly the first time you try to use contactless so you have to put it in the machine instead, wasting valuable time. Bet you fuck up scanning an item and need to wait for a slow, listless man to come over and help you.
This point really really got to me
I don't really get these opportunities anymore especially after covid-19. People just don't like getting close anymore.
I pack my stuff in my career bag after paying because if I try to do it as I scan it always fucks up with the please remove item from bagging item shit.
only ever ordered coffee at mcdonalds. was alright.
he doesn't use up all his spare 2p and 1p coins and then selects the pay by card option to pay the difference at self-checkout
That's how I got rid of my pennies.
Under what circumstances would you refuse a shag?
I still have a few 1ps and 2ps left. Those never get accepted by the self-checkout. So I'm thinking of going to the Bank of England and exchanging them for new ones. Then I can spend the rest.
All the ones at my local are card only now. Piss take.
This was a while ago. Makes sense to speed things up now. Old people usually go to the checkouts anyway with cash.
Yeah that's certainly been a spanner in the works. But it's still possible. I'm lucky I work in tech support and there's only a small-ish pool of staff so I get to go and help people in person quite a bit, and we have a fair few qts working for us.
If it was an octopus or something like that
get promise to pay
conductor comes along
offer to pay cash
he doesn't have change
lets me travel for free
Yeah I just wish I got rid of my coins before. Won't happen now. It's not much though, I probably only have around 6-7 quid in coins anyway.
I'd fuck an anthropomorphic octopus girl desu
food prices gone up again
I'm really fucking sick of this shit. 
How hard is it to migrate to Thailand? My manager is living in the equivalent of a 5* hotel there for 15 quid a day and I want to do the same.
No octopus girl would ever love me, she'd just get a well paid Chad on Tinder
It's easy. You just need to leave the country every six months and come back in.
You can exchange money at any bank
Worst think is thoes geniuses at the bank of England will raise intrest because of that, because tomatoes being expensive can be solved by making your mortgage more expensive obviously, idiots
I "know" this girl who must live near me as I see her quite often coming from my neighbourhood who dresses in a big pastel pink felt coat, a pastel pink felt beret with pastel pink hair. 
She smells of strawberries and it makes me happy whenever I walk past her cause the smell is so good and the outfit very cute.
An octopus girl would love me
We have highest inflation of all western europe. Thank you tories.
big pastel pink felt coat, a pastel pink felt beret with pastel pink hair
smells of strawberries
Girls are just lovely sometimes
It must suck to be extroverted, 37 and not feeling wanted anymore by girls. Men need to change their attitudes and start being a bit more respectful. I can tell women avoid him because he comes across as confrontational, too direct and wears trackies. Simply dressing up a bit smarter, shaving, ditching the cap and having platonic relationships can help build your mental health up. You shouldn't go in talking to some girl expecting them to be interested in you. You have to accept that in life. Speak calmly and be respectful to others. It would also help to quit drinking and smoking heavily. He's a very impulsive man. Soon as some girl mentions her boyfriend, it triggers him.
He refuses to change and lashes out on authority. This can't be the way. A girl isn't going to want a troublemaker and someone that gets aggressive in tone. I hope he's seriously thinking about his choices now in custody and makes a change.
Take them to the bank lad. Don't use that coinstar crap. Paying money to get back less money.
I have the old style 1 pound coins. I don't think they do it.
To be fair keeping inflation low is the BoE job
Walking around with your auditing hoodie on is cringe. He needs to stop wearing that all the bloody time.
I have the old style 1 pound coins. I don't think they do it.
As long as ist newr than 1971
Happy Birthday Britnormie
https://youtu.be/aoGZl6ZBLHA [Embed]
All this poor AY lad wants is a normal family life deep down. He misses his kids. His ex dumped him for another man. At the end of the day he is a free man with too much time on his hands. I reckon he should get back into a security job or something that keeps him busy.
You must be an absolute Chad
christ, imagine having to deal with an autistic sprog
Thinking about the time nubs took her knickers off.
A whole 30 bong CEX voucher. What a lucky boy yep.
Got pay bumped to 45k (good shit for my location)
Get told i'm a "phenomenal" teammate, very smart and deserve more 
All i've done for the past 3 years is play videogames while keeping ontop of my workload and deliver any projects thrown at me (All easy shit)
I'm real glad I ditched the meme videogame dream job to just go work on databases. 
It has to be the easiest and comfiest job you could pick in the IT industry.
Fooooor he's a jolly good LARPer
for he's a jolly good LARPEr
for he's a jolly good LARPer
when he's happy he says och aye.
Was that when she was hanging around with Weatherfu?
You're laughing at him, but he probably has more of a life than some of you lads who post here
Reminds me of this guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TZdJWlmKKs [Embed]
Every time she gets changed?
Yep. He said it was extremely hot knowing she had no knickers on and was sat across the table from him.
Virgin media internet down for anyone else?
Funny how she did that and then made out he was a rapist when he tried it on with her. What's that all about? Denied she shagged ShoutAnon too.
She just didn't want other lads getting the idea that she was easy.
Ner
Virgin media internet down for anyone else?
Not at the moment.
Weatherfu shouldn't worry, no one would believe nubs
That's not nice insulting everyone, you could have just said him. I'm not laughing at him. Some may laugh, but at least he's happy.
Some 40 year old woman wants to shag me but I'm worried about having an autistic sprog
If he could have overpowered her I'm sure he would be a rapist by now.
Nubs is vile, honestly
If you can get her on record as agreeing that she won't get pregnant you can compel her to have an abortion through the courts.
Stick to octopuses lad, literally immune to autism
She's a lovely girl and I miss her companionship.
Alright james bond lad
How will he get a impregnated by an octopus? He could start early by gluing rice crispies to his dick, then she won't notice when he swaps it for a tentacle.
This is absolute bollocks btw
I raped nubs and she never ever said anything about it, in fact, she never even acknowledged in the thread that we had a meetup at all
making a habit out of it shut in
GET IN! Gwarn! Get stuck in! 
Worry about the demon baby later. Just start hoarding enough Sonic the Hedgehog games to last till he's 18 and you can kick him out.
You won't be the one getting pregnant. Just ghost her if she does lol
Shut in never raped anyone
doesn't remember the night drunk shut in was bragging about his belly overpowering some petite asian girl
Swanny is back from /brit/
wheres the soundspacker?
i just had some proper good sleepingtonshire and i need to tell him about it
I'd help nubs increase her captive breeding capability.
That isn't rape you fucking mong
Gwan Swanny lad
I'd rape a cute octopus to be desu
having sex with a girl by pinning her down when she's resisting isn't rape
I shagged a gypsy once
Is it true Shippy raped Nubs?
Shippy raped Poley
SIC raped Nubs
Shippy didn't rape Poley it was mutual and extremely sweaty and smelly
A lot of rapists in /britfeel/ heh
she's resisting
where are you getting this from?
newsnight webm in 3, 2, 1...
that's how it was described
if I could remember her type I'd be able to find the post in the archive
Shippy how many women have you raped?
First newsnight, then an auditor
https://youtu.be/wMjzvsI8SHI?t=250 [Embed]
4:10
personality hours in full swing
Christ she's such a typical English slag, phwoarr
Swanny saw the thread was comfy and decided to shit it up with personality spam
SAD
It even got posted in the German thread the other day
Real personality hours de lid!
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/67394770/#67402556
I know. I posted it
Someone made a /brit/ with it as the OP yesterday too
That one wasn't me kek. Probably BN
Bought some sosijes from Tesco earlier and fried them up with some bacon for sarnies, first time I've done that in about 3/4 years, now my ENTIRE FLAT smells like WET COOKED DOG HAIR because of thes TESCO SAUSAGES and they weren't even very fucking NICE!!!!
shoved her down until I finished
Sounds like dry humping to me, not penetration/rape.
I made that thread haha
HHL drinking VKs and having a meltdown AGAIN after falling out with his mate in that very same thread
Christ he really never changes does he
Me? On that wuppagrind tonight. Detoxing the mind and body. Watching 28 Weeks Later, it great.
Any discord lads give me a QRD on SICs sex life?
Fucking hell, HHL is a prophet, this was 11 days before
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/67394770/#67404255
28 Weeks Later
Good film that lid
Trip on you stubby fingered mong
He's a drama queen brainlet
she's unknown pleasures and i'm closer
Trip on you stubby fingered mong
who are you referring to?
shaved my legs, lads
I'm sure that's what happened lol
Might watch that too, never watched it before.
Hmm I would prefer it if that frog was longer. A 999x499 image perhaps.
Shut in CHAD, and don't you forget it
Corr checked 
Aye watch it lad and let me know what you think. It's probably my favourite film ever.
I'm just saying, if a cute octopus is smart enough to undo a jar then she could undo my belt
Make sure you watch 28 Days Later first.
Aye it womfy de lid.
Its CITY mate
Wouldn't mind shoving my erect cock up a German bloke's arsehole desu
Might this please the gentleman?
need some proof lid
a lot of LARPers around here
Bloated Banbury Belly
god, i wish i was that long
Short Sunderland Schlong
Gluttonous Glaswegian Gut
Succulent Shrewsbury Sausage
QRD on Dennis from /deutsch/
How the fuck should anyone here know?
QRD on Abood?
Plastic surgeon from Cambridge that occasionally comments on Ruth's YouTube videos, aerospace enthusiast
Abood? The ruth appreciator? The aeroplane enjoyer? The lovely lad?
When I take you to court for privacy then I know who you are
Baldy thug think he knows the law. This auditor got copsplained for recording a leisure centre swimming pool windows too. Tried to make him out to be a nonce.
QRD on Vinay Belur?
tfw you look up your town/city audit and nothing interesting comes up
Abood and VideoGameWarlord double penetrating Ruth
No they're not. They're arab incels who wish they could have a white girlfriend. They won't even take interest in their own race and think white girls are angels.
AY kicking his cell door in right about now demanding them to hurry up.
Abood enjoying an ASMR video then returning to his other hobbies and getting a full night's sleep, adding yet more comforts and experiences to his already rich life.
he's a loser just like most simps.
Get yer fucking phones out. Record this.
based northern audits going after the tyrants that arrested auditing yorkshire. wasn't expecting any major drama today.
Sad cunts the lot of you
One of the smarter lads who audits with him can't back him up.
reckon anyone here in this thread is mentally stable?
One of the smarter lads
He can barely form sentences. Hope all your prank video livestreamers rot in prison.
Not sad but some mess up badly under the influence of alcohol. It's gonna be hard to get out clean from this one. Plus he started kicking off during the arrest.
i think im fairly mentally stable just a bit sad
I now realise HHL mentioned the sequel but I had a bit planned so just imagine he was watching the original:
HHL says 28 days later is good. 
I've heard it is dozens of times.
Put it on.
6 minutes in and there's a knob on my screen.
fuck sake.
This is the Welsh lad, not that Rodney guy.
meant to give you the (you), love the soundtrack so far. 
SFSTT (we might abbriaviate it from now on).
Corr cant wait for him to drop that vid desu
I think the pig left his van unlocked deliberately to trap him into an arrest. Earlier he announced the pub and being in Halifax. They were conveniently parked up not far from the pub. It's obvious they knew he would do something stupid when drunk.
Don't want to see this on my computer screen please
Speak for yourself. The more big cocks on my computer screen, the better tbqh
I'm sorry mate, would you like me to delete it?
You could always put a post-it note over the willy if you need to.
Just think of auditors when you think you are mentally ill. You'll feel better knowing you aren't that pathetic.
Big cocks sure but that one he posted is tiny
probably just told him to clear off and go home. they sometimes make a big deal out of nothing.
AY in prison
koleeberks in prison
Random Outings retired
Soon we'll have no auditors left
Want Elon Musk's cock on my computer screen desu
He's just woke up from a coma, mate. Do you think you'd be in prime shape for a goon or bumbums if you woke up from a coma?
Verification not required.
Love to see it.
Or you could use the spoiler feature you utter mong
UKMTT reposting old covid-19 audits
yep the prime days are over unless we get some more edgy ones in.
Want a cute lad with a small cock to dress like a girl and sit on my lap desu
Sorry mate, I won't do it again.
He deleted it for some reason. Now he or someone reuploads the old ones but some things are edited. I don't know if he will do any new ones.
Seen him in the reflections. Does match his face and glasses.
17 year old "child" not afraid to get up in his face. Tough guy. How's he supposed to know his age? 16 is the legal age of consent anyway. Photography of children in public is not a crime unless voyeuristic.
Nearly poo'd meself.
Can we post our penis in this thread?
I've concluded I must be low IQ because I get so much enjoyment out of posting drivel in this thread
why did he delete the posts?
the mods are asleep mate. According to the rules, you can't post pictures of yourself but if you want to allege you've found a photo of a cebrity's knob that he published... don't see the 'arm.
Resisting the urge to post Offie's laughably small thumbs
Wish this was me. Imagine having a girlfriend care about you this much.
resisting the sudden urge for a Pepsi, lad.
Don't want to be seeing this on my computer screen thanks
I wonder how long their relationship will last. She'll want to marry a British lad to ensure she gets her citizenship.
Nasty lad. Mean and spiteful.
What's this screenie from?
I know her game plan all too well as an outsider.
>/int/180980001
put these on your wishlist, lad. I'll clear it for you. Then if you see a knob on the screen, you'll know what to do.
28 days later, lod.
Germany is sending massive amounts of weapons to Palestine, Lebanon, and Syria. They say the money they send for aid while knowingly funding the Palestinian military.
Israel has collapsed and is entirely funded (unwillingly) by the US tax payer.
Simultaneously Germany is at war against Russia again and is arming the Ukrainian Nazis.
Russia has asked for diplomacy countless times and evidently wants the war to end.
Every Palestinian bomb is funded entirely by Germany.
Fucking wirgin wedia internet has just dropped. Useless cunts
welp looks like she deleted this tiktok, must have not been comfortable with her body.
laurel dreams is beautiful...she knows it.
Doin' a lot of posting for someone with no internet.
SFSTT
I don't have to imagine because I'm not a tosser who wastes his life in his childhood bedroom
seasidemark is beautiful....he knows it.
I'm VM and saw no dropouts here. Got all my torrents ticking away nicely.
Abood and VideoGameWarlord aren't incels and only one of them is arab. They are both superior to you so have some respect
I swapped to mobile data and came to britfeel post haste, case SOLVED
All the so called immigrants Germany is taking in is vastly mostly girls from regions decimated by Israel. They are building an army.
I think the media is controlled by the Germans.
The complete lack of progress in the world yet simultaneously Russia and Israel are the only ones being bombed is something to think about. A lot.
not sure really what to make of it. definitely not a perfect innie.
I'm seriously playing with fire, but won't stop until I inevitably get burnt
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
Banana phone
Dododedodoop
They can be nice little simps all they like. They aren't getting any girls outside of virtual connections. It just makes them feel better.
Cost of Living Payment only just gone and dropped into my account hasn't it? Looks like the wizza and lagers are all on for free if that's alright with you de laaads?
Even if that was true, it would still make them superior to you. You can't even make a virtual connection because you are so ashamed of yourself
genuinely feel sorru for this dudr. he can do bettet than this little fop
seasidemark is smelly....he knows it.
Don't talk about Abood like that.
Mad how Ruthmong looks down on Abood, a plastic surgeon and aviation fan who is so nakedly superior to him in every respect
Just can't stand being part of the simps safe spaces having to worry about if I used the right pronouns.
Mine went out around 10 but only for about 5 minutes.
So you're a right wing chud too. Could you get any more repellent to women?
Mine is back on now but the damage is done, I screeched and wailed and gave my dad a chinese burn in a fluffy of violent anger
Abood has a career and varied hobbies. Miles better than ruthmong.
Maybe he can but right now they are in a happy relationship. Something you'll never experience.
Are you talking to yourself here dickhead?
He doesn't shower either kek
Ruthmong has less talent than a piece of shit on Abood's shoe
Spat my Vimto out at this
Lads, Churchill insurance want to come out and check my games room to see if I'm bullshitting about my collection. Will the dog sniff all my stuff and if so what if he needs a wee?
Abood's plastic surgery skills heals physical scars. Ruthmong's stalking causes psychological scars.
Virgin ruthmong, still in his chilhood bedroom, crying and moaning about no gf. 
Chad Abood, nice 3 bedroom house from his career as a plastic surgeon, laughing and smiling at Duxford Air Show.
Will the dog sniff all my stuff
Ooohhh yes
Abood racing his BMW 7 series down the M11 from his home in Cambridge towards Duxford
wish abood would post in this thread but hes too busy with his high flying career and sorting roasties out on the side
Me watching Abood's 7 series zoom past me at a legal but impressive speed, doffing my hat at him as he gives me a wry smile and a classy nod of the head, focusing on the road of course.
Abood racing his 7 series down the M11 from his home in Cambridge to his practice in Marylebone, feeling a bit parched, he gets off at junction 5 to grab a bottle of fruit juice from a convenience store.
Polite as ever to the staff, I bet.
Abood could tell you instantly which Middle Eastern airline has the most legroom in premium economy. He'd even buy you speedy boarding without a second thought due to his excellent income from making disfigured kids beautiful. 
Meanwhile, Ruthmong can't even get a passport because he has no power and agency in his life, trapped in a prison of his own making.
Are they saying abood or abourns?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMGK3-yR5Jw [Embed] 
once dated this guy
briefly
so shy we barely kissed on the third date or whatever
then i got drunk once and called him on a booty call and we had sloppy drunken sex
such a time, the university
When Abood applied for a passport, he had so many countersignatures he had to send his passport photo in A3 format
Oh, that's Abood. I doubt he'd embarrass you by correcting you in front of people though.
Welcome Abood Emirates flight EK 7 From Dubai International to London Heathrow
Shippy on a fucking mad one tonight
It's almost 1am and there are people in this thread concocting fictional stories about some arab surgeon they will never meet or interact with
It does have his forced feel to it doesn't it
Abood giving the pilot a quick in-flight nose job using only plastic airline cutlery while Ruth rims his arsehole
what if abood could give ruthmong plastic surgery to make him less repulsive to females?
Abood celebrates Eid with family and friends. He's the life of the family gatherings.
Ruthmong hides away on Christmas while his family celebrate without him.
I've mostly been in /deutsch/ tonight, but have spent far too much time on 4chan today. Will be resetting to 2 hours tomorrow
It's almost 1am 
Good point, he's probably all tucked up in bed having a healthy night's sleep
I might meet him. You never know.
He go to bed when I say he go to bed. That my Local News Man.
Does it bother you that you get blamed for random posts in /britfeel/ that people don't like?
hahaha abood hahaha sooo funni
He does it to MB (yet to see any proof he EVER posted here) enough so it would be funny if he did
Yes, I agree! Very funny.
The babby men have found a new avenue in which to play lets pretend.
I've seen loads of proof MB posts here. What about that probation document he posted addressed to a Mr. Broadbridge?
ruthmong and ruthmong supporters simply do not like to hear about are Abood
lets go back to reading how ruthmong gets no women ad nauseam
aboods barmy army
I don't have the energy to shower daily.
Not a stalker. Never will be.
Well....what the fuck else can I do? It's over and I can't turn back time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJ6H2XbXBME [Embed]
bf once had covid
spent 10 days isolated and wearing masks around each other and keeping our distance
it worked..
You'll never guess who has the energy to shower daily
her face when she gets full citizenship to live in england
It's good that BritNormie's career pays so well, because slow periods like late April are not a worry, and he can afford to spend 16 hours a day posting drivel without worrying about where the next contract is going to come from
Abood's shower can be controlled from his smartphone. He spared no expense on a premium shower. His daily grooming ritual is very important to him.
No, I see I keep getting accused of posting in /brit/ when I literally never do. Half of the alizee posts aren't even me these days either
I've been posting here for years and I have no idea who the fuck "BritNormie" is supposed to be. Same with ebin and lollers, it always just looks like wild accusations that I can't follow
I hope she had a good 23rd birthday.
You mean this one here?
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/70892821/#70892950
You haven't posted for about 20 minutes Were you doing the rounds at your nightshift security job there mate?
Abood showering and getting suited up for the Air Show. The kids love him there as he hands out Airplane figurines all for free. It's also a great place to mingle for new clients for his surgery, he's an astute career plastic surgeon.
I've seen no proof anyone called BritNormie has ever posted here.
I had to take a poop and it was a bad one.
Ah yeah often happens around 1am eh? Good that you're so regular *wink wink*
Ruthmong half way through his night shift as a security guard.
it was a bad one
Don't leave us hanging like that, spill the beans
https://desuarchive.org/_/search/boards/r9k.desu.meta/username/britnormie/
I actually feel really bad now for some reason. Got a headache and may have to go to bed.
I've struggled with pooing too. Don't hesitate to reach out to me if you ever need a friend. It's Shut in Chad BTW.
You feel bad because... YOU HAVE NO GF.
It was a biggie. All flushed away now for the sewer wagies to deal with.
subtle hint that job is going to be busy tonight and you can't post much. nice one.
Thanks Shut in Chad. Shut in Incel. Out.
That's the longterm kind of bad. A gf would make me a better lad.
Miiiiiiicrowave lasaaaagna
Rotaaaaaaating in the niiiight
Sooooooooon I will be wiiiiiith you
Uuuuuuunder candle liiiiiiiiiiight
I've struggled with ASMR girls finding out I am stalking them too. Don't hesitate to reach out to me if you ever need a friend. It's Shut in Chad BTW.
New thread when you're ready 'men'.
Not at all. I'm a longterm neet incel. It's hard to believe.
Garfield? Is that you
lads...I feel ill. If I had a gf right about now she'd be making me a hot water bottle and stroking my forehead.
ive had many relationships anon
Don't really like that new general. Bit weird that he has gifs of wee girls saved to be honest.
fuck me shes 23? she looks like 20 at most though more like 19. she is a very immature person
Yes she has only been 23 for a little while.
Mine hasn't gone in yet. Who do you bank with lid?
36 babby men have polished off a thread in 8 hours. Grim.
You're genuinely the saddest person here.
Wonder what Makaveli will spend his cost of living bennies on.
Spotted a babby man. Gwan champ.
I stand by what I said, you're honestly pathetic.
oh good the headache is easing off a bit now. shall be lying low.
