how do you stand up for yourself?
At some point the risk of getting BTFO when fighting back weighs less than having to continue to endure getting interpersonally cucked
I squeak.
It's barely effective, though.
the voice at the back of my head will be rougher on me if i dont do what im supposed to do
become jungle bells :DD
Fuck you and anything you say glownigger
It's only possible if you have a great amount of power. Standing up for yourself is the ability to say no basically. Not the best way to make friends but at least you'll have your pride. Not sure it's worth it, but my pride is such it was never an option to give up. I sometimes wish the world weren't so evil.
i have no beak and i must squeak
The voice in the back of my head provides safety what the fuck is up with yours? Some random called me a fat cunt and instead of going apeshit the voice said "ignore it"
it punishes me for everything i want to do and dont, for example: ignore that one friend of yours today, if i dont it wont let me sleep. kick that pigeon... it goes on
Ignoring it when they're faggots who aren't worth your time unironically takes more self-confidence than just going off any time someone challenges you. Don't bitch out but also don't bother with little fucking faggots trying to provoke you because they're fucking losers themselves
I don't
The insufferable weight of the world flattens me like a steamroller
But I am too squishy to be squashed completely
(This applies to 95% of the troll / bait posts on this website btw, if you saw the fat ugly faggot losers who post almost all of this shit you'd immediately laugh in their face)
Ignoring it= the annoying faggot builds your reputation for you and invites more fuckery.
can't break mud, boy
castrati mentality right here. people who dont act on their will are the biggest cucks ever
Depends, obviously (obviously the real answer is "have social skills and self-confidence" but that's a tall order for autisticretards.com). My point is that some people have very low objective value and will just try you because it's a victory for them to even get you to care. It makes them feel less like a loser to get someone higher value than them to take them seriously, if that makes sense
(Don't distort this into submissive cope that "t-they're not even worth my time!" though if a confrontation is actually necessary though THOUGH, just avoid the two dimensions of being a bitch where you're on the one hand afraid to stand up for yourself or on the other hand flipping out if picrel is like "fight me!!!" and you don't just laugh at him)
You're on 4chan posting this shit. Other people can hurt you with words so there's no need to even recognise you.
Good luck in this clown world retard pozzed society, someone Nuke us pls
best post ITT. thank you anon, saved.
I act autistic and dumb 24/7, outside of situations where this could impact my work.
This makes the aggressor feel guilty (so long as they are not a cluster B) to the point where they just leave you alone (since nobody wants to be the guy who harasses an adult autist), and makes any onlookers sympathetic. 
This is the only option in the modern world. 
Just make yourself the victim.
i think you've described what i've been doing subconsciously
this really is one of the most effective ways with certain people. other more degenerate people will see that weakness and prey upon it but i like to convince myself thats not a majority
that or i'm not >pretending
che cosa?
I simply refuse to do anything I don't want to do. 
If someone threatens to take something from me like friendship, support or possessions to influence my decisions, I remind them I didn't need any of that anyway and that it sounds like they need me, not the other way around. Some people get upset at that and try to test it. They either come back eventually or I never deal with them again, either of which is fine by me.
If they try to coerce me with the threat of violence, I remind them that comes with repercussions legally and socially. Then I ask if they expect me to sit there and just take a beating. Usually if you remind someone that they could get hurt as well, they decide it's not worth it. If that doesn't work, I've taken one or two punches to let them get rid of some of their frustration and either laughed at them for being a retarded emotional ape or asked if they want me to start taking it seriously. Nobody has gone further than that yet. Some day I'll probably get stabbed or something, but if it happens it happens.
are there albino parrots?
This. Suppressing what your inner drive is naturally telling you to do, especially when you have falsely believed that it is in defiance of fear, can get you in more fucked over in the long run than anyone else can deliberately. Sometimes, that drive is telling you to shut the fuck up because it isnt worth throwing your time and attention for, even if you stand up for it. This is something that I personally still have trouble with and, frankly, most do. Most dont understand that you can stand up for yourself and make yourself look less cucked when you keep yourself in heated moments. A lesson that should be common sense yet seldom followed or even forgotten by the wisest ones.
Simply don't feed the aggressors, if they want to fuck with you mentally refuse to play their game. The moment you have a sperg reaction the more they want to mind fuck you, literally don't give a fuck
You need to have a boundaries.
how do you stand up for yourself?
It's not that hard...
imaginarily, then take it out on the internet
