What does a panic attack feel like?
I have panic attack disorder. 
To put it simply, it feels like you're dying. Pure terror. Thinking any second now you're going to drop dead. Your heart races up to 200BPM, you're shaking uncontrollably, you can't feel yourself breathe and think you're suffocating, etc. It really sucks. My last panic attack lasted 5 hours and I almost had a psychotic break from the fear.
Do you ever have small panic attacks? I had an issue where for an hour or so I was hyperventilating, rapid heart rate and couldn't breath. I wondered if I have having a heart attack but I didn't necessarily feel like I was about to die. Then I tried to lay down and go to sleep but every tiny noise would startle me awake and I would turn around to see what it was.
1. Hyperventilating
2. Lose feeling in your arms and legs
3. Sweat profusely
I only had two panic attacks ever and it knocked me out.
i've only had one, but personally the best analog is like being a robot and the gears inside you suddenly get stuck, and you can feel them grinding and peeling away against each other. i started yelling, cursing, hyperventilating, shaking, crying. felt like my head was going to burst in flames. i really pity the people who have to experience this on a regular basis
you might just have a really bad anxiety disorder
I have anxiety when i leave my apartment now. It sucks. My mental health really deteriorated the past few years. It caused me to become borderline suicidal.
Before I started having the attack i was laying on the couch hyperventilating and then i got up and was hitting the ground and throwing things and screaming. I thought it was just stress that turned into uncontrollable rage. Is your yelling angry yelling or fearful yelling?
It feels like the world around you is crumbling, or maybe that you yourself is crumbling from the inside. Your thoughts are all over the place, you start talking in the void...
For me it feels like my lungs stop working and my internal organs are shutting down and i start freaking out and get light headed
not as bad as when anons tell you they'll play vidya with you but then all flake out
