shouldn't have said I love you that much. I used to think it was a meme
post her tits or you're lying
Nice guys cant fuck haha
No one cares, normalnigger. Leave and don't come back
Nice get you fat piece of shit
Sorry but you have to speak english on this board thanks ESceL haha
Only brown retards say ESL native English speakers don't know what that is you stupid fat piece of shit
If you are a submissive faggot push over into femdom shit how are you surprised she left you? You cant get mad at a woman for something she cant control, women naturally crave dominant masculine men. Thats why you see even professional dominatrixes are subs in their personal lives
BLACKED yourself white man :P
If she left you because you're nice, that must mean that she's a collosal bitch.
Bullet = dodged.
Unironically your gf is just some vile cunt with messy past that felt utter shame everytime she heard about love because it reminded her that she is a liar. 
Your only fault in this situation is that you allowed yourself to love somebody without getting to know them enough first.
Might just have to maybe they'd actually treat me right
If she's ever had sex before her capacity to appreciate romantic love is extremely diminished because there's nothing that can top the intimacy of sex and she's had it with people she's not even permanently attached to. You can't ever top that. There is no more intimate action to do to be #1 to her romantically. So you're just tied with every guy that came before and are proportionally that much less special to her.
Women are retarded, they want to fuck Chad while he holds a knife in their throat nigganon
There's no "too nice", she was trying to be nice, you are just boring.
Checked
Satan be gone
Things that did not happen, 54th edition.
Not OP, but there definitely is a "too nice."
I've gotten creeped out before by a girl who was excessively clingy and nice. It can be a turnoff for girls or guys alike. Most people don't feel good when their significant other is being insecure and basically trying to force you to like him or her by spazzing out like that.
Fag
People don't just come up with this out of nowhere, yeah.
poor szpilman, my beloved pianist
nah you just have an insecure attachment style and are scared by genuine kindness and intimacy. You are no doubt personality disordered.
Guess you two were incompatible and she was looking for somebody more commandeering.
Or she wants to win over the attraction, like actually work for it.
Who knows, shit happens.
Clingy is not "being too nice", it's being clingy.
I wish I had an insecure gf who overcompensates by being extremely nice and caring and giving and clingy
This is not something a male would ever type.
Virgin hands who take their relationship advice from eroge wrote these comments.
no I'm speaking from personal experience dating a girl with bpd who was exactly like that and I miss it
It's just weird for a guy to say he's creeped out by something so harmless.
You weren't dark triad/aggressive/assertive enough and/or you gave her affection to easily which made her see you as low status and therefore gave her the 'ick'. Live and learn op, sorry.
Again, you clearly have no idea how bad this can get.
It's a major red flag.
Then you are equally fucked by wanting a codependent relationship.
Is this the modern equivalent of "it's not you it's me"
muh red flag dude shut the fuck up
some people can handle clingy people, I'd like to take care of someone like that because normal relationships are too boring.
You just keep proving my point. lmao
You probably just have a retarded conception of what nice is.
And I know you don't know how bad clingy can get.
Do you know stalkers exist?
Do you know some people are obsessively controlling?
You're not assuaging my fears of your retardation.
you just keep forgetting I don't care
remember where you are
I wish I'd get a psycho stalker gf. let's see if they can outcrazy me
Well then go ahead, get your life ruined by some mentally unstable chick, sweet summer child.
That does not change my assessment.
Whoosh.
you forgot you're on a board with complete hopeless people. an insane unstable girl would be a change, something interesting finally, I was getting bored
I don't know why you keep going on with this.
Men don't get "Creeped out" unless there is a high possibility of physical harm you dumb faggot.
Hearing a noise when you're out in the woods at night is "creepy"
A women clinging to you isn't, until she pulls out a kitchen knife.
You're not even a man.
yes you do originally
no one leaves bc youre "too nice" youre just ugly
Ngmi mate
You need to remember women are just primal. They genuinely don't like nice people if you can't back it up with strength. They like strong men who are willing to bully or do other nasty shit to protect them
nigga wtf do you want me to do
Luckily enough for these days tho you can be physically weak for example but just having the will to hurt people who aren't fighting back cause they're actually good people will make you a lot more attractive
