Any robots want to chat?
Drop your discord tags.
No. Just wanted to come let you know you'd be able to get a quality partner if you didn't act like a thot online.
Discord is for faggots. Anyone who uses Discord is a fucking faggot.
Playing through red rescue right now, i recruited regice which is was like 15% with friendbow, no escape orb and had to complete all 99 floors to keep him
go
deedee#7940
Thanks for making unjustified assumptions about me, fag.
As if you incels don't constantly beg for attention as you wallow in your own self deprecation. Fuck off.
if you wanted to chat you would have just started a normal thread, you have an ulterior motive, at best looking for attention and simps, at worst, worse stuff
I just want to chat with someone 1 on 1, maybe make some friends instead of barraged with shit posting faggots seething because a woman exists who won't show tits.
You're a woman, just shut the fuck up. You have nothing valuable to say, and if you weren't 1/10 bottom-of-the-barrel trash, you wouldn't be looking for "robots" to chat with online. 
You're a fucking piece of garbage, which is why you can only interact with garbage desperate enough to beg for your attention. If you hadn't been born with a pussy, you might have developed some perspective, but no, you're a fucking hole and you know deep that you're just a hole. 
You fuck off. Women have no place here, or on any other board on this site, unless you're posting your asshole and pussy. Tits aren't enough to justify dealing with you walking breeding chambers.
Lol.
Biggest simp on rn
Lol
Lmao even
Seethe harder, faggot.
Get out, whore. /r9k/ is not your entertainment.
Fuck off back to tiktok you roastie whore.
Fuck off, retard.
Imagine being able to go off on such a power trip on the regular, and it's just normal. Casually able to scoop up piles of people online who are into you as a given, the one they see as their only hope, their light, with 0 effort.
The phenonomology of the WHITE egirl is as different to mine as a billionaires is
bored
gnomes#5277
the last time i added a "femanon" from here, it turned out to be a troon. you are just a lonely tranny.
i would have talked to u if u didnt mention your gender. makes u look like an attention whore.
If that were true then you incels wouldn't flock to every post with a woman, raging at her to shut up, get out, and show tits. You would've simply disregarded my post. But you didn't. Because you're a clown.
I'd most definitely prefer to talk to a tranny.
You step in here flaunting your XX chromosomes awaiting worship just for having the good side of a 50/50 roll. Its disgusting
its not the women just existing, its the women declaring themselves to be unprompted in order to recieve validation for being a woman around attention starved weirdos, shame on you for not even owning up to it
Nobody wants to see your tits.
Please just try being interesting as a HUMAN before being a walking attention seeking billboard, don't sell yourself like meat on a hook like that
i would have talked to you but you mentioned being a femanon when it adds nothing of value except for negative attention
Lol. Don't you have irl friends to chat with?
Then I'd just be another nobody, posting shit nobody's gonna read or care about. I'd rather be the center of aggression and hatred than simply ignored. Once you find out I'm a woman anyways, everything else you've learned about me becomes irrelevant. I become an item for you to lust over. Why not get that out of the way initially?
What a surprise, you'd rather be a problem and disrupt things than sit alone for ten minutes. Typical cunt behavior. 
I hope you genuinely commit suicide. I hope the guys here eventually find some peace, but every female here deserves to put a muzzle in her own mouth and pull the trigger. You're fucking trash if you need to come here for male attention, and you know it. You're just trash. 
Remember guys, "sage" in the options field prevents you from bumping a foid thread. Start using it.
You people are children.
honestly? absolutely brutal. and smart insight, i didnt think of it like that
they come here to mock us and pity us and get a power trip out of it
Kid I'm gonna be honest with you. Any "connection" you make on r9k isn't worth the effort. I implore you to become friends with people your own age that you can actually see in meatspace.
You don't have an argument. You can't even form a coherent or convincing line of logic. Women are just children that society pampers until they die. You're just fucking stupid and pathetic, and somehow also lonely and unwated; as a woman with two X chromosomes in 2023, that's truly an accomplishment worthy of being stuffed into a backpack filled with cement and dropped off at the nearest body of water.
Is OP still here? What do you want to talk about on Discord?
Whatever you want. I like normal weeb things like vidya and anime, but I'm also into cars and animals. But if you want to talk about your problems, or just shoot the shit, that's cool too.
Don't project your insecurities onto me, you fucking NEET. Unlike you I actually have a job, and responsibilities. I don't spend 24 hours a day lurking on incel boards. Maybe you should touch grass and you'll stop being such an unbelievable faggot.
How awesome would it be to put a car on a lift, convince OP to get under it, and then drop the whole load on her and turn her into a pile of bones, flesh and pain?
Sure, feel free to add me
AJForever#8845
Interests include investing, Youtube and music
Why are you so full of hate, anon? Because you've never gotten your pp sucked? It's like everything I say is wrong.
lets chat babe let me groom u
I'm not a NEET, you stupid fish-scented fuckham.
Why aren't you spinning around in an office chair and asking men to do your work for you right now, anyway? Getting a job as a woman is as easy as submitting an application and having a lawyer on retainer. I've seen it so many times it makes me want to vomit. 
You have nothing to say, nothing to offer, and nothing creative to use in your sentences. You're pathetic, and if you didn't have a cunt, no one would tell you anything otherwise.
Sure, my add is Aaron#1665
Came here to post this desu.
Swifty#9856
Yes, clearly your use of "fish-scented fuckham" renders me inferior to you. You're clearly a quick witted wordsmith. Everyone is very impressed.
soon enough, you too will be forcibly made a neet and humbled, you proud whore
soon, all will be humbled with the birth of our ai god
and the pleasure of witnessing will be all mine, like you wouldnt believe
It's at least a step above "lol incel did anyone suck ur pp", you stupid hole. Please, keep going: show every male who hasn't had to deal with female bullshit just how disgusting and vapid you are.
Christ, just chill out dude. Sorry I'm not wowing you with my linguistic prowess. This is an anime image board, not the fucking library of Congress.
i'd like a chat dwarferman#4228
You're right, it's an anime website, and women just don't belong here. Your prowess isn't linguistic, obviously; it's smearing peanut butter along your snatch and begging your dog to come to your bedroom. Fuck off, and please, legitimately consider suicide. You were born with a golden spoon stuffed up your cunt, and you don't even realize it. Fuck you.
this pure incel seethe is gettin me kinda hard desu
Show panty drawer and shoe closet. If acceptable I'll think about it.
did i get baited :( so lonely right now guys i had to break up with my gf because of her mental health. so depressing. happy even for the other lads here to add me, go ahead i'll write back
I'm bored as fuck and I NEED SOME FUCKINWEEEEED
I'd rather be the center of aggression and hatred than simply ignored
Topkek are you really that desperate for attention from retards on the internet?
i want a hopeless depressed fembot to cling to me and come live with me and be cute in exchange for me doing whatever i want with her
Artyeezy#4478
Lmao what the fuck do you think, you fucking clown?
needed this. getting ready to hit pr on bench as we speak
because im bored and wanna see what happens here Queue#4665 also open for other anons if they wanna talk
Cool. Post your cunt
