Reminder that it costs nothing to be nice.
No matter what kind of hate your harbor in your heart, being nice to others will always be a surefire way to give meaning to your own life.
By being nice and helping other people you are inadvertedly telling them that you're a helpful and pleasant asset in their own life, which in turn will make them want to be helpful to you and create a symbiotic relationship.
Attempting to break away from this system is how you end up with no friends, so be sure to do your good deed of the day, every day!
Im dead inside, anon
Slave morality. It costs your dignity to be nice to those who do not give you want you want. You will be the cuck simp bitch while chad rapes and slaps her ass and cums in her. Simple as.
You "friendly reminder that" niggas cannot go a day without saying the most unimaginably gay shit out there
i'm nice to everyone i meet but niggers love committing crimes against random people because they have no empathy so i'm forced to harden my heart and conceal carry a gun to protect myself and my family
If you were truly nice to your partner they wouldn't feel the need to betray your trust like that.
not reading. sorry champ. cope seethe mald dilate and touch grass.
it costs nothing to be nice but i can understand people on here who are not.
who would want to be nice to people after being berated, humilliated and ignored by them?
the "logical" thing to do kinda blurs when you are deep down
Superficial niceness just masks underlying conflicts that aren't resolved
Loser dude
The kikes have been successful in divorcing us of our innate, divine purity. Most people now are beasts.
I will continue doing God's work as society continues to collectively debase itself. 
Only divine intervention at this point can reverse the intentional degradation of our humanity
being nice to people gets you ignored and avoided by normal folks who just want to mind their own business and makes you a target for narcissists and abusers
Being nice will earn you opportunities and affection. Being a degenerate piece of shit costs you your soul and your dignity.
The Jews don't want us to know the closely guarded secret of white magic.
Hilarious the responses ITT. OP I absolutely agree and have been polite and nicemaxxing for the last few years. 
Nice =/= taking abuse or being a doormat. 
It just means being polite, helping people when you can, listening, and just generally being kind. It literally costs nothing to greet people, for example.
opportunities to be exploited and shit on for kicks. if souls are real i never had one
If you aren't a jew, find God
You should be nice, but not at your own expense. In fact, there is nothing wrong with being selfish here and there. I made the mistake of putting others' needs ahead of my own, trying to always please them and avoid upsetting them, even when it didn't benefit me at all. Fuck that.
COPE. all these claims, with no evidence. people need to bully and abuse the weak; its a psychological need
thats why people eat meat, thats why people loved bull or dog fighting, thats why wars exist, thats why children bully eachother
this thread is copium; the thread
It costs time and energy to be nice, and reciprocation is extremely rare
never happened for me, not once
I was like this into my late 20s. Then the hate took over as I had absolutely nothing in my life to show for it. No one's ever been truly kind to me in return, no one's ever sought a "symbiotic relationship" with me. I've never been anything but cordial with people, and as I type this I'm a broke-ass friendless KHHV hyperwizard. There is nothing down that path but being taken advantage of and stepped over by people with sociopathic traits, which is to say most humans you'll ever meet.
I will debunk this, then reconstruct it to fit it the same narrative and endgame.
Reminder that it costs nothing to be nice.
It costs time and energy and it's always a gamble.
No matter what kind of hate your harbor in your heart, being nice to others will always be a surefire way to give meaning to your own life.
It's not, everyone is different and has different concepts of "meaning".
By being nice and helping other people you are inadvertedly telling them that you're a helpful and pleasant asset in their own life, which in turn will make them want to be helpful to you and create a symbiotic relationship.
This could easily make them want to exploit you or even not care about it.
You can end up with no friends by being nice to everyone.
You want to be nice to others because by being nice to other you are being nice to yourself.
Everyone is born under the same law of casuality, and yet we all share the same conditions of complete randomness in a limited setting.
By being nice to everything and everyone, you are respecting and being nice to yourself first, then everyone else as a result and generating a win-win scenario where nobody ends up sacrified.
The issue is that "being nice" is different for everyone and most people try to follow the common picture of the "slave to kindness".
You can be nice to others in indirect ways that are more effective than to simply act out of kindness.
To act out of kindness toward someone that wants you dead is suicidal, but if you don't care about life then good for you, just don't expect everyone to have internalized their own death yet.
In short: to be nice is complicated, but it should be the endgoal of humanity to respect and honor everyone.
There are non-normies who have never been told to shut up their lives, never been relentlessly preyed upon by peers and family, who will say who can brush off bullies as "bad people". There are non-normies who are invisible in a good way, even if they are fat freaks that wear anime t shirts. Or have some blessing like tallness or a high trust face. These people are almost innocent, and can look past or be oblivious to the hostility and it rolls right off their backs.
Robots are at the crossroads of 1) being weird/weak enough to be targeted, 2) smart enough to at understand why and be aware of the malevolence from normies, and 3) have the upbringing and experiences of being punished/dogpiled by family and peers for talking back.
Sounds crazy enough to work.
that was the highlight of that week, my existence is sad
