Why incel men who become bicurious become fetishists of cock and traps/shemales/femboys but rarely became romantically interested in men?
Sex is momentary. See situational homosexuality.
Romance implies deepness so no surprise only real gay men are interested in relationships with men.
They still have a masculine mind and desires, they've just broadened what they're attracted to physically. Men, normally, want to be with women.
Nope you brainlet tard fuck autistic sperg homo. Idiots like you should be banned.
Romance just is not exactly "male" thing. It's simple as that. Jesus fuckin christ you are embarrassing homophobic hetero normative society conditioned BITCH!
u bein homophobic u imply gay men are promiscuous and cannot be romantic
No. That is MALE feature. And what is so bad about it? Fuck romance. It only is byproduct of sex and desire. Get real stop being pussy.
NTA but
schizobabble
Did someone forget their olanzapine or are you just ESL?
Does not understand when he is being insulted
Not my fault that you are autistic. My English is perfect. Fuck off.
Your English sucks and you clearly don't understand what "not that anon" means. You're stupid and new too?
You don't understand what I mean, because you yourself are an embarrassing autistic newfaggot homosexual aids-infected faggot. Maybe you should try and read what I write next time before you write embarrassing shit like this. 
ESL newfag---- *sob* *sob*
Fuck off.
I made a point and if you can't comprehend it. Die.
Someone's mad. You should really take what your doctor prescribes for you, anon. Your family worries about you.
Why are you so angry? I think I hurted your feelings with my post and that you're probably another bicurious incel.
Go to fap to some good shemale porn anon.
smashes mouse button so hard he replies 3-times
implies I am mad
Pure projection. Cope.
My family don't give shit about me. Kinda sad. Your passive aggressiveness is wasted on me.
My point still stands and I clarify to all retards like this embarrassing faggot right here.
Men don't care about romance. Romance being "deep" is gay or to be more specific trans. I rest my case.
You really should take your meds.
Men don't care about romance. 
They do, even people you wouldn't expect in history like Napoleon wrote romance fiction. Assuming you're also a man then you're just projecting, not everyone is like you. People differ a lot, especially men.
Napoleon wrote romance fiction
Napoleon was French so by default a faggot that was a cuck and ate his wife's periods. Of course he'd be into romance. He was gay as fuck.
Nope. People especially men are more like and less like you. Some pathetic autistic little history trivia obsessed virgin nerd. Fuck off. I'd shove you into locker so hard, you'd never see sunlight again. You absolutely just awake that instinct in me. You are lucky that you are behind internet and keyboard.
Napoleon was French
He was Italian, Corsican to be exact. Corsica was only ever added to France's territory a little after he was born and they were and continue to be quite close to the Italians. But I guess you're going to somehow twist the stereotyped Italians away from being womanizers into faggots now, right?
He was gay as fuck.
Ah yes, the man who only ever was with women was gay because it fits your dumb ideals.
I'd shove you into locker so hard, you'd never see sunlight again. 
Tough guys on the internet are always the biggest cowards, fren. So scary, really.
You're fucked in the head.
Why are you so interested in make this thread practically unreadable? What are you hiding?
He was Italian, Corsican to be exact. Corsica was only ever added to France's territory a little after he was born
Dude. Do I seem like I give a fuck? France. Close enough.
man who ever was blah blah
Like 80% of gays that time were only with women, because otherwise they'd be ostracized, killed or whatever.
Tough guys...
Cope. 
You are absolutely insufferable. You try to come off as so fucking smart but guy like me can just debunk your "pointdexter"" ass in few sentences. You are absolutely B-grade man. A nerd faggot. You disgust me. Go away.
Nerd fag, stop talking words at me fag. Books are written by fags while they suck dicks. I'll fuck your fag shit up, faggot nerd.
Did I leap back into the 90s? Are you wearing a Megadeth t-shirt with a long-sleeve shirt underneath? How long is your wallet chain?
be incel loser posting on r9k
call Napoleon a faggot and a cuck
Nice cope lol
Do I seem like I give a fuck?
Lmao, you get it wrong and then act like it doesn't matter. Utter brainlet.
Like 80% of gays that time were only with women, because otherwise they'd be ostracized, killed or whatever.
Maybe if they were poor, the upper class were far more privy to being able to sleep around with whoever they wanted and that has always been the case in history, even in the dark ages.
Cope.
Irony.
You are absolutely insufferable.
Projection.
You try to come off as so fucking smart but guy like me can just debunk your "pointdexter"" ass in few sentences. 
Except you keep getting shit wrong and just insult and act like you don't care/so tough.
(^: but anon, you don't understand, he's so tough and badass that Napoleon is but a mere nerdy faggot to him. That's why he's here in /r9k/ of all places. This is the home of badasses and cool guys, right?
Lmao, you get it wrong and then act like it doesn't matter. Utter brainlet.
Nope. I even got it right, according to ur words
Corsica was only ever added to France's territory a little after he was born
maybe if
cope
You are too autistic to understand irony. Sorry.
projection
I already stated that before u did. Now you are just projecting what I said.
except you keep
Nah, I didn't.
Yes. Napoleon is a faggot. He is French. Sure he is great hero to you that he wears some gay uniform that you cream your pants over when you play total war for 32th time. He is your fuckin hero and you never even knew the guy or anybody that knew him. Only thing you got are books that probably are biased too.
Bullying you is getting boring. Any other Chad know this feel?
If this zoomer was born at that time, you'd bet I would wear this and had the chain around this nerd's neck. Absence of correctional figures like myself has led to downfall of western male.
Nope. I even got it right, according to ur words
I get that your reading comprehension sucks and all, but your original point wasn't even good.
"lmao french people all gay"
Is about as true as saying you're smart.
blah blah blah, I'm really narcissistic and stupid and shit talk one of the greatest historical figures of all time because I don't like being wrong
Yes, the man so great in his time that he stood up to an army sent to kill him and made them his army is a faggot and you're so much better than him, random internet schizo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoX1ad0B2uY [Embed] This is a kino movie by the way.
Any other Chad know this feel?
Your LARPing is pathetically obvious, anon. You gotta tone it down if you want anyone to take you seriously.
I get that your reading comprehension sucks and all, but your original point wasn't even good.
C0OoOoO00pe. What's Corsica? 
part of France
K. 
inane quote
Then I guess I'm r'ly smart
posts gay biased historical hollywood movie clip. basedyy---in
k
Unlike you, I am not impressionable kid. It's cool and all that you look up to like... "Historical figures" but did you ever like... Have a chance to look up to somebody you really knew? Like your dad? 
lol I'm outta here
This guy had sex with belle delphine btw (yes while being dressed as a girl)
Have fun coping, anon! It's been fun and don't forget to take your meds.
I fear for the future.
lol autist got absolute BTFO'd by schizo chad in this thread. based
poster count didn't go up
Weren't you "outta here"?
Pornbrain does that, they never catually became interested in men just interested in being fucked by men.
Not the absolute chad, but you kept just looking at poster count all that time after getting rekt-d? kek
It's not hard to notice the poster count not rising on a suddenly bumped thread. If you're gonna try and dicksuck yourself last second then you should learn to sage, newfag.
lol cope harder 
but riginally
Who's coping? Couldn't be the schizo who was "outta here", came back to samefag and got caught because they're retarded, right?
