If only abusechad just kept insulting me, maybe started beating me instead of basically telling me to fuck off ;-;
I'll beat you. not for any particular reason. just cause i'm bored and it seems like fun entertainment
No you're not him.
u can disassociate and pretend, or get knocked out and u can dream about it
it's better than nothing
call up my abuse chad
ask him if he's feeling better after his last bender
he says he's feeling horny and wants sex 
i ask him if he's serious about our relationship
Silence, then he says he's hanging up if I'm not giving him sex
drive half an hour to see him
we have sex
he chokes me and hits me
Afterward, I'm crying and asking him if he cares about me
he says "Nope"
leave, wondering when he will confess his feelings about me and marry me
femcels, how do you deal with this type of behavior? I know deep down he cares about me but because of toxic masculinity he's unwilling to admit his feelings
if you keep pestering him he might get physical eventually or at least insult you in harsher ways.
Is this some type of post scarcity irony
it is nice to pretend....
Yeah it's hard. Mine hasn't done anything physical to me yet, perhaps because he finds me gross if he does indeed.
I don't want it to escalate legally or at my former workplace. He has reaffirmed he wants nothing from me and blocked me. If i knew he would just be cruel but keep a secret hoping to eventually be with me I might do it.
it is nice to pretend....
okay so come over then bitch larper
Prove that you look like him.
ill put a bag over your head anyway so you don't get to look at anyone
Height and stature will still be relevant.
what exactly does he look like?
he's not going to like you back so you can either give up or push harder and try to get pleasure out of the negative attention.
it is 1 million times better to be beaten up and abused than ignored. ignoring me is the real abuse and the world does it to me every day
you are trying so hard
i'm not really. i'm bored and trying to fill the day
you think i honestly expect something to come out of this? jeez anon you're gullible
i'm 6'1, medium build
Sure anon, damage control all you like but she could see through it all. She isnt gonna ask for your discord
She isnt gonna ask for your discord
jokes on you for believing OP is an actual girl in the first place
and you know I could've just posted my discord anyway, right? not sure what your point is here
Keep pretending anon, it will make it hurt less I am sure.
keep replying anon, i'm sure you'll win eventually
You are so predictable, right from the start.
