I would just like to know what happened to dating. The nicest a guy has been to me all month and I met him from 4chan. Like what? 
he called me grand and cute and hes not hideous, hes actually like really hot. When I said I didnt wanna send nudes he didnt try to push me like normie guys do. He didnt get weirded out when I said I wanted to be his trad wife and just played along. Genuinely asked me about the book I was reading. How has normal dating become so watered down that social outcasts are better to date?
hes actually like really hot
Can you just go fucking kill yourself already
Ooof jealous much?
When I said I didnt wanna send nudes he didnt try to push me like normie guys do
implying he asked for them within a month of knowing you
nicest guy
kek
You can find some really nice guys on 4chan. I'd imagine most men, like most women, are introverted. Introverted people have it rough, especially men, because no one approaches men. Also congrats.
No, I'm straight. Why are you here?
i'm jealous, i want a cute bf.
but i'm happy for you!
Nicer than most 
Its actually kind of crazy
Like most guys I have met from 4chan arent that bad and theyre really interesting. The dudes I have met from dating sites are awful except for the ones who browsed 4chan. 
Wdym?
Hes so so far away tho and its upsetting:(
And all you pothead spic retard zoomie dumbfuck niggers are gonna bump this thread too. Can't just have a nice enclave of retards can I?
Wdym?
GET THE FUCK OFF MY BOARD YOU STUPID WHORE
I have a weird feeling I've talked to you before. Is this the first guy you've talked to from r9k?
Hes so so far away tho and its upsetting:(
that's why i can't find a cute bf, everyone lives too far.
it's not fairrrrrrrrrrr.
Uhh how about no? 
Stop acting so tough, take a chill pill and relax. You dont have to look at this thread, theyre are plenty of other active threads 
I actually met him from a different board. But I have talked to guys from R9k so you might have.
Yes its so lame. its also like the only guys in my tiny town are trash
Go slit your wrists in the bathtub, you worthless hole. Stream it for your little faggot e-bf for him to cheer you on
i would say it is a 50/50 split. Half are actually normal people who just play it up for the anonymity and use this place as a venting void.
The other half a legit crazy/undesirables thinking they are among people similar to themselves and so lose inhibitions.
Where?
wa, but i am an undesirable as you put it.
im gonna meet my bf i met from here in May. i'm really excited for it. hes a sweetheart
I actually met him from a different board. But I have talked to guys from R9k so you might have. 
Yeah you probably aren't her since the more I read your posts the less it seems like you are, probably just wishful thinking. Does your name have eight letters, do you have an older sibling?
Washington?
but I am an undesireable as you put it
Depends, undesireable is subject.
yup! i want someone to be an undesirable with.
Shame. im the other side if the world. 
And same, just someone to be fucked up with and support each other in our own little cute fucked up way
Sorry I dont have a bathtub 
Yeah but I can relate because I look super normal but im not. Im just unhinged and most normal people dont really get me and I cant even say half the stuff I think around them
You lucky duck :/ 
My name has 6 letters and I have a big sister
My name has 6 letters and I have a big sister
You aren't her then, I'm glad you found someone either wya, hope I join you soon in happiness
Im just unhinged and most normal people dont really get me and I cant even say half the stuff I think around them
I honestly think thats most people who come here, so its just about finding someone who is the % of fucked you are. 
Im an /x/ weirdo whos a shut in
My fingers are crossed for you anon
I hope you find her
I like to go to the lit board a lot
Most people you encounter have shit taste in books 
X is fun but it can be a bit slow 
I like him because hes not like pseudo dominant. Where its like hes not putting on this act. Idk I just wish I could touch him.
I like him because hes not like pseudo dominant. Where its like hes not putting on this act. Idk I just wish I could touch him.
Nta but do oyu have xp with anon like this in the past what was it like
I had a bf who kind of reminds me of him and I liked it a lot. He use to always grab me really hard but he would never yell or anything or be mean. If I didnt like ya know cum he would always wrap me into him and play with me till I did. But it wasnt like he wanted to be called daddy or anything like that. He was a big softie just quiet and everyone thought he was mean. I use to love just like laying in bed and watching YouTube videos with him
Fuck that sounds a lot like me, I need a gf badly.
I like guys like that the most 
Reclusive and quiet. 
I miss my ex a lot still because he was the nicest guy. He seemed to genuinely care even if he was awkward about it. His like one move to flirt was brushing hair behind my ear and it would always make my stomach tingle. He hadnt had a slot if sex but the effort he put in was very attractive
He also use to like watching me try his video games and thought that was sweet
Hmm maybe beeing myself isn't so bad. I'm pretty stoic and reclusive most of the time, but have a pretty soft and empathetic side that I don't conspicuously show. Most people assume I'm an asshole. I need to put myself out there more itt, I want a gf, love, and romance very badly desu
I liked that he was stoic and sweet and loving with me. It was one of my favorite things. It made me feel special
I liked that he was stoic and sweet and loving with me. It was one of my favorite things. It made me feel special
Good, thank you for helping me be ok with beeing myself anon, I wish you happiness in the future
I'm sounding desperate, I know, but how do I find myself an r9k gf? Or just a 4chan gf in general.
Oh btw can you go into specifics of how you met? Like greentext the scenario or something please.
I'm sounding desperate, I know, but how do I find myself an r9k gf? Or just a 4chan gf in general.
Step 1. get a gf
Step 2. corrupt gf
Youre welcome anon 
I wish you the best of luck
Im positive youll find her
You just got look for girls who post and see if you mesh with them 
Tbh theyre was this thread and jokingly I posted my instagram. I think he probably added me as a ha ha. My page is private so I added him and liked his photos and we just kind of started talking. >>73074582
Based
Genuinely asked me about the book I was reading. 
he's either a low iq brute, or he was mocking your intelligence (you were reading YAgarbage or at best bronte/failing to understand dostoyevsky). don't think i'm cock blocking chad with this info, since you either won't believe me, or you'll just find it more attractive that he sees you as being mentally 5 years old
