I have Borderline Personality Disorder, but that does not make me a bad person. The BPD hate on r9k is a sad reflection of your own insecurities. You're so brittle and broken inside that you can't stand the idea of someone who doesn't make you feel good 24/7 and who you can't always count on to be your cheerleader. It's quite parasitic. I'm sorry that you were hurt in the past but you shouldn't make it our problem.
This board is like a personality disorder zoo and the retards here who lack self-awareness shouldn't be taken seriously when they say anything
LMAO. Calling out the narcissistz here. I love it
The fact you can say this with a straight face while dismissing the experiences of who have had to deal with your types is only proving people why they should avoid you. Its this type of shit here nut hey ignore it like you fucks always do and enjoy your shitty life I guess. I lose nothing of value in this.
U just proved ops point. 
Go cry to mommy you fucking faggot
based. I am a bpdangel
if you're not like this picture then don't bother
having dated one woman like this (the only gf Ive had in life) I can tell you its not worth it
Gah.
Why would I want to stake part of my life in someone who's mentally ill and unstable.
Please get your shit together OP. Take your meds.
having dated the girl i based that picture off of, it is worth it.
you didn't make that picture.
i literally did. i didn't draw the girl in the middle, that's what she made, i just cropped it out of something else
i love bpd people but i want to date a man with bpd.
BPD is just the latest excuse for poorly raised people to continue acting shitty well into adulthood. People can't accept they are dumb any more so they need to be diagnosed with ADHD or autism or whatever. BPD is just the equivalent for people who refuse to accept responsibility for being insufferable assholes.
Nope, I'm a girl.
Not you, whore. Me. 
BPD women are a dime a dozen. Go rot.
If the dude is actually a respectable person that accomplishes useful things, dating a girl with BPD that she cant control is just unneeded stress. Its not insecure to dislike the idea of hanging out with someone who cant even control their own emotions.
cute.. I am a bpd male too though
Most w*men are vulnerable narcissists you fucking retard
