How is your day going, anons? I feel extra miserable today. Ive tried impeding it by going out in the park. But being around people feels really really bad today. I didnt mind them too much before, but people in general just bother me now. Am i getting worse as an asocial? This is getting bad. Im so lonely, anons. I have been for years, but why is it hitting me harder today? That lonely bingo thread didnt help either. Anons, i hope your days are going well though
Its not going well, jobhunt sucks and there are way too many couples outside. Thanks God for rubbing salt into my wounds.
Gotta be at work in an hour. My job's easy but it doesn't pay a lot and I don't like being there, but I needed money so that's how it goes.
I feel you, Anon. The site outside my apartment is popular for couples. So, i see them everyday. But seeing people with a friend/s makes me feel worse than the couples cause they look way happier. I hope you good luck with the jobhunting, Anon
i feel you brudda
got bingo there too
I hope the people there are nice to you. Maybe youll meet someone you like there
ah, forgot to translate
it says "you have to have sex to open the door"
Lol originalo
The people are nice to me, but all my coworkers are in their 50's. My job is basically do to busywork for them that they can't do because they're getting slower as they get older, and otherwise I'm just sitting in an office alone doing nothing. Sadly not into GILFs so prospects of getting a cute office worker gf are slim.
I know that feel all too well. When I see younger couples or younger people with friends, I just ask myself - why it couldnt have been me? why I was denied of it? The best answer I came up was it wasnt meant to happen for me as in destiny.
Im so glad that your coworkers are nice to you, Anon. Ive been hearing many threads about mean coworkers lately, so good for you, man. Many old people are pretty lonely too, you can strike up a conversation maybe, if youre getting bored with the job
Lets keep on trying. Maybe we can make friends here and there. If we give up, that just seals our fate of loneliness
I'm not super social, but I talk to them every once in a while, crack a joke or two and they seem to love it. When I was getting hired everyone warned me that my coworkers might be mean to me, but from what I can tell the guy who I replaced was so incompetent at their job that he just pissed off everyone in the office, so me doing the bare minimum and finishing all my work on time without complaining made them all like me instantly.
I gotta head out now, so I hope your situation gets better. I remember spending like years as a NEET right before getting this job and going through something really similar to you, where I felt like I couldn't even make eye contact with a person. I can't really say it gets better, but it does get more manageable the more you're forced to be a human being.
I dont know. It seems like I cant even connect with people here. What about you?
realizing over and over in multitudes of different ways that my life is a joke
the only friend i talked to regularly was a tranny that died a few days ago of cancer from too much hrt
im lost in this world man lol
I go out once a week for support work and therapy other than that I'm isolated and alone, use to spend months at a time with no in human interaction so I'm doing better I guess. I went shopping today with my nan because today is dspbux day, I was playing it up in my head for a couple days but head phones did the trick I needed to restock my unit, it was all in all nice
Thanks, anon orginalio
I can relate to some of their experiences. Like in this thread, lots can relate. In that, i find some solace. That gives me hope that i can make an irl friend. Just gotta have hope
Im glad to hear that, anon. Hope it gets even better
Friends can give the greatest pain. I was too naive to realise that time quantity spent with them, didnt mean anything. I think its true that you only know whos your friend when you're in hard place.
What happened, anon? If you dont mind me asking
whats it mean when, you spend years givign your friends rides and always being there when they need you then, as soon as your down and out they have lives of their own and cant give you a ride or pay you back any of the money they owe you, and just lament about how things suck for you, occasionally say theyre "praying" for you
It just a classic situation where your +20 years of friendship is reduced into not talking for a year once or not sending a birthday message. I thought that all those years meant something but I was wrong. Its always about quality.
What the fuck, that sounds awful. Im pretty particular about money. If they cant pay, id be batshit insane mad
extension:
no joke. being nice to people made me lose all hope in humanity. i had a couple friends who were decent. but they had lives if their own to start with. the people i helped alot though, i feel worse than a fool. i was taken advantage of and literally used, and as soon as they got their lives on track, things ironically went to hell for me. and like parasites who now have no use for their host, they moved on
Were you more trusting of them or were they more manipulative?
it is, i tried to approach life by the whitepill. and it only fucked me over. i think the catch may be that, the only way whitepill has any applicability in the real world, is if the people around you are also whitepilled. if not then everyone else sees you as an easy target.
Shit, man. 20+ years and then nothing? Have you tried talking to him again? Rekindle that friendship?
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So we are all loved infinitely much &lt;3
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
Oh damn. Im sorry to hear that, man. That must have fucked you up. Bet you have trust issues now
both i suppose. i was trusting, i just wanted friends that werent superficial, i wanted to show that im always there to help when they asked, in hopes that itd increase bonding. and maybe it did, but they used that as a tool against me. I just assumed everyone has the decency to pay back their debts, financially and socially, eventually, and that by being nice then they would reciprocate when i needed anything. instead i lost my job and literally starved til foodstamps came through.
It was a gradual distancing, not a single conflict and bam its over. I think that he cut me out because Im a loser in the eyes of society (back then and now). We actually never had anything in common nor we ever had a talk about life. It doesnt matter now. I dont even want to see him anymore. Why reopen the old wounds and have a stupid hope that maybe this time something will change?
Normies can be fucking pieces of shit sometimes. Actually, most of the time. Normies are the worst types of awful
Sorry dude, didnt know they were bad. Yeah, fuckem
I'm in heaven. 
Why didn't you faggots tell me how good this feels?
I had people with whom I fell out. The main thing what that there were no illusion by time. I had a similar illusion where I had a chance to transfer into better school but I didnt do it because I thought that the bond could happen between me and them (that was before highschool) where there was not a single trace of it. I hate myself for being such a fool.
That looks comfy as fuck
everyone can be peices of shit sometimes. i havent found much better among the wierdos either. unironically the coolest ppl ive met for years were from a rehab, or schizo trannies from /x/. for me its become not so much finding ppl with common interests, but about finding people who have experienced a lot of pain but still kept their soul intact, however hidden away it is.
You can't imagine. It's 31 degrees fahrenheit outside and this is the first bath I've ever taken.
Very nicely put. Do you still have an intact soul?
Ill keep that in mind. Thanks, even though you didnt mean to advice me
Im cozying it up myself. To cope i ate some ice cream and after finishing, poured some milk
yea, but ive learned to hide it away. ive gone to great lengths to keep myself from losing my mind, sometimes going as far as doing fentanyl or heroin to kill the beast, and this led me to many unsavory places and unfortunate events. Ive had guns pointed at me over little missteps before, i have many times had to come to terms with the fact that i cold really die, not to mention my whole family, and all my peers seeing me as a waste; so i have learned to keep my soul hidden away very deep. i have very short-lived romantic flings where everything is genine for a few moments, but even if it could go somewhere, just bc i am so jaded i ruin it out of instinct and drive them away.
lol yw, thx for listening. my life feels like abig joke and i was coping with drugs, but ran out earlier. now i have to face reality and it is literally giving me a pain in my chest, like heartbreak, having to face once again what my life really is. At least i can find solace in knowing everyone has struggles and demons no matter how perfect they make everything look.
No problem, man. Thanks for responding to this thread. I feel the same about having solace with everyone having struggles. I hope you found it here as well
btw though what do you think bothers you about people? is it just feeling extremely isolated from them, is it contempt for the world in general, jealousy for them having good lives, feeling bad about presenting yourself with the life you lead to any of them?
My day's actually going pretty well, which is rare. I feel like my future is pretty decent, which isn't something I feel often.
To be honest, im not so sure. I cant pinpoint one specific thing. I have been isolated for quite a while because of the pandemic. I get a little jealous, but that doesnt usually make me feel this bad. Once in a blue moon, i feel happy for them even. Ive also had some bad experiences with people, but everyone has those.
Nice, what good happened today?
I discovered charismamaxxing, I feel like I discovered a hidden superpower to be happy.
I'm sorry to hear you had a particularly bad day, anon. Mine wasn't great either. I had to go to a psychiatric clinic and get assessed on whether I needed to do another intensive outpatient program. I hate seeing psychiatrists anyway, all they do is up my medication dosage and say that's all they can do. I know it's not their fault I'm incurable but it's very frustrating. I wish they knew what it was like, maybe they'd have some empathy instead of being so... clinical. I hate the stupid medical labels they put on me, particularly "chronic suicidality", they repeat it with such detachment like it's just a word rather than a result of me being in so much pain every day.
Oh, its you. Whats the secret, anon? I dont know how to charisma. If you say confidence, im going to rape your mom
You're a good soul anon. Its okay to be sensitive.
I used to eat when I was depressed and it made me obese. Now I feel even worse. Be careful with the calories. You're better off doing some sort of drug because sugar is just as hard to quit.
Im not fat, but thanks
drugs are honestly better for you in a lot of ways than junk food lol
Ill be watching a movie called drive now so i wont be replying. Feel free to take over the thread or let it die or something. Yes, even you charisma guy you fucking annoying dummy. Have a good one, anons
I haven't slept. 
I recently stopped talking to someone and it reminded of how alone I am and how I have little hope of this ever changing. 
I ate an entire bowl of pasta ar 6 am. And some other things. 
It is currently 9:30 am and I already had breakfast and lunch and jerked off...
It's gonna be a long day.
oh my god dude. fuck
this is why i havent talked to spychiatrsits, except complaining of bad adhd for adderall, or bad anxiety attacks for benzos. psychiatry is a business. ive been happy and gotten over my existential dread a few times, even gotten rid of most problematic schizoid tendencies before, and it was by finding meaningful relationships, working on my self esteem, exercising and taking care of myself, meditating to keep my mind grounded, etc.
i also dont know how i could possibly take seriously, talking to someone about my personal problems, that im paying to do it, that i know has no real interest in the sitation, will be done listening as soon as the hours up, and will give me generic advice everyone knows if they have ever introspected.
Learn the difference between suicidal ideation and suicidality. 
Suicidal ideation is the fantasy of suicide as some means of escape. You think about suicide, you fantasize about it and how it would be preferable to the pain or empiness or grief or whatever ails you.
Suicidality is the active engagement in suicidal behavior as acually planning a suicide (buying a rope, getting a gun, looking for places to jump from etc) to performing a mock suicide or/and attempting suicide.
Any psychiatrist worth their salt knows the difference between the two, but when you see them and just say you're suicidal and want to die, they have no way of telling if you just want to die or if you're actually trying to kill yourself and air on the side of caution instead. Especially if you yourself dont know the difference.
Suicidal ideation wont get you sectioned, suicidality will. Learn the difference, it might help you out one day.
nice man, hope you have a good day/night. thx for the convos
haven't slept either, trying to get my sleep schedule together. and yeah, someone i was socializing with, playing games with and talking about stuff, recently roped. i keep reopening our convo instinctually and then remembering theyre gone. it hurts bc it reminds me i really have noone else to talk to, that one person that i didnt even like extremely well sometimes was the only anchor i had in social reality
I've been in and out of wards for over a decade, mostly after suicide attempts or gestures. I know what I'm talking about but thanks for your advice.
Idk anything a out your situation, and what I'm about to say may be completely wrong and insensitive. But, you're basically making it sound like you friend's suicide is about you.
by this, i dont mean to say i disliked them, they were a great friend to me and i wished them all good in life. just we didnt really have much in common past having really troubled lives. So the only person i had was someone i only knew for being just as troubled as i am, and now even they are gone. ig ill just scan /soc/ for someone who isnt crazy
theres other parts about it that bother me and im still not sure how to process it desu, but that stuff wasnt applicable to the part of isolation and lonliness. so i brought up how it pertains to me. i realized after i sent it how shitty it looks saying it that way
I got covid for the first time last week. I managed to go 3 years without testing positive even once, despite working a service job where I interact with 300+ people a day. A feat I should have gotten a fucking award for.
Anyway, it's been fun. Alot of sweating and freezing and shivering all over, my body cant decide if it's too cold or too hot. The most interesting aspect is losing my sense of smell. I quite literally cant smell a single thing. My sense of taste is also diminished, but not entirely gone, but lost my appetite as well.
Getting better now, but damn this is fucking boring. Too tired and sleepy to really do anything.
Ever been evaluated for borderline personality disorder?
Yes, I was diagnosed a few days after I turned 18. Sorry to hear you caught covid by the way. I hope you feel better soon.
Ah that sucks. Gotten any appropriate treatment for it? DBT or do they just throw meds at you?
I've been referred so many times, I've pretty much given up. I don't get better and they just don't want to deal with a patient who's not improving. A lot of psychologists won't work with borderlines in the first place too. The only reason I still see anyone at all is because my mother insists on it as a condition of me still living at home. I use the 10 free yearly sessions with some disinterested psychologist to satisfy my mother then go to an even less interested psychiatrist once a month for evaluation and a new prescription. I'm only allowed a limited amount of my meds at a time because of OD attempts
Just started, and I couldn't sleep. I haven't been sleeping a lot lately. Gone days without sleep. I feel like I'm walking through jello. I want to sleep, but when I get in bed my eyes are wide open.
Alot of psychiatrists, especially older ones are stuck in the 90's. You need someone who specializes in personality disorders. The average shrink who treats depressed housewives and students isnt equipped to deal with BPD.
Do you have anything you can get through insurance?
Nope, just the 10 everyone is entitled to. I can't work and my mother won't pay for sessions so I just use the free ones. I swear everyone in the mental health field is completely inept; every year I say I want to spread the 10 sessions across the whole year and every time they insist I come in weekly, then I use all the appointments by April and get no support til the next year.
