just get a hobby bro 
If you can meet women through hobbies and date them you could have done so without the hobbies, also most normalfags do not even have almost any hobbies.
just be yourself bro
While it is genuinely good advice for them and other well-adjusted people, it doesn't apply to the people who need to ask for advice. Just Be Yourself is the base standard they live their lives and by "just be yourself" they get everything they could ever want. Their lives play out like daytime television dramas
I am not sure what this advice even means, really, just seems like verbal fluff.
just get a hobby bro, women love it when you're passionate about something
okay I got one
no not that one
every time
It is another way of saying "just continue living how you are now"
Since the normalfag genuinely only has to "Just Be Yourself", it works even if it isn't any advice at all.
They post it here not out of malice, they genuinely believe they are helping people here by saying it
just get a hobby and women will follow
Women rarely have worthwhile hobbies that you could bond over, but having hobbies can improve your life a lot, so getting hobbies is good in itself. 
Instruments and music genuinely can increase your chances a lot because a lot of women think they're cool hobbies, and it usually gets you involved in a local scene that lets you meet people. Downside is it's gay.
"be yourself" should be given and taken as a response to losers trying to act alpha after some PUA on jewtube told them that's how they can get girls, but since they're losers they can't pull it off for shit and they further reduce their chances. "be yourself" as in 
don't try to act like a tough/cool/popular guy if you're not one
There are people who use it as 
just be yourself and you'll definitely find the right person haha worked for me
Those people are retarded and have no introspection.
It means "just be geniune" and don't tryhard, there's someone out there for you. Works for non-spergs since they never do any of the stuff you should never do, like be autistic. They just live and slip into a relationship automatically.
Instruments and music genuinely can increase your chances a lot because a lot of women think they're cool hobbies,
they do if you are good looking. the only time it benefits is when you have star status in your city or something
It's a nice way of saying you have to leave your fucking house sometimes.
