Hi, I'm 16 years old and in my life I've fucked 4 guys, I don't have a father so I think that's why I seek the love of men in sex
Maybe a little bit.
When did you start having sex with men?
if you were my gf i would *never* have sex with you i would turn you into a good girl
i suck my first dick at 13,but i lose my virginity at 14>>73071156
Jesus fucking christ are you really going to ask those things to a minor? 
Guys just report the thread for being underage shit.
That won't really do anything. This place is basically unmoderated
did you know 16 is legal in more than half of the US and way more than half of the world?
what a good men, i think, The best contraceptive method is abstinence.
if youre older than 19 then turn yourself in and seek help. she's barely a teenager you creeps
Don't care, online all that matters is the rule of 18, you fucking creep, go back to diddling children in a church or something where I can't see you do it.
Women who have sex with a large amount of men in their life typically never have a stable relationship and end up unhappy in life lol
don't be so prudish, they are just questions
Look how fucking stalwart you are in your defense of pedophilia, this is the same poster who then goes on to join a tranny thread and calls everyone there a groomer.
No, you are not a thot. Is okay to experiment and look for things that you like but be carefull because you are still young and people can take advantage of you.
ur a filthy tramp. i would strangle a thot like you but you would probably like thst you piece of garbage
kek
do you have a point, my life is really unhappy
"""""pedophilia"""""
When will this hysteria end? People get so mad over totally normal behavior.
MODS GET THE FUCK IN HERE!!!
larp. pls do not kirbs image like this. you are nort kirbsposter nor will you ever be.
Yes, I will be the authority figure you desperately need in your life ever since your father left to buy a pack of cigarettes.
pedophilia is attraction to prepubescent girls
the word you're looking for is ephebophelia and its totally natural in male homo sapiens
you're just lying to yourself that you're not attracted to developed girls several years into puberty to pretend you exist on some moral high ground 
on an anonymous image board nonetheless 
pathetic
thanks, u made me fell better
Yes you are.
You are also underage b&amp;
that sounds like a projection AHAHAHAHAHA!
Are you out of your fucking mind? Since when asking a minor how many people they had sex with is considered normal behavior? You're sick in the head.
jeez chill out bro C is not gonna like this post
chill dude is just a random image wtfff
doesn't matter what you call it, it's still disgusting to prey on girls who are way younger than you. attraction is fine but there's no reason to interact and be a creep
Don't talk back to me, I'll send you to bed without dinner.
KKEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKKK
You shouldn't lurk here, there are a lot of groomers and inestable people.
i'm not a pedo i would never do anything sexually inappropriate with my teen gf!!!! i just want to give her bathes and dress her in pretty lingerie!!!!
shes not gonna fuck you bro
Yes.
You are the definition of a thot. That is what thots do.
