Containing it before it spreads
previous:
Any femanons up? What do you girls think of amber (goldish) eyes? Not that I have them myself, but my sister does.
Korea stuff are so dead in this board now. I think the femanons hate us now (they made up a lot of the /kr/ traffic).
I actually love White girls, I didn't really mean the masc stuff. I'm sorry, can you come back?
Also, Stormy isn't Korean so his opinions don't matter.
wow. this thread is gonna contain a lot of healthy and constructive discussion ain't it?
not a girl but as long as shes cute all in all eye color doesnt matter.
if sister is 18+ then post
Nope, lol. I regret even posting ITT now. Fuck Stormy for forcing this handle on me.
I see.
The reason I made it is to try to stop those guys spamming up the board. In fact I'm the one saying jannies should put all the bait threads in one general
i dont like kpop shit and i dont listen to kpop shit
maybe a couple bands, like twice or red velvet, but not too much
and int has no korea general as i see it. ill go there if i see a korea general
and i was going to start learning korean again, but i got a wave of depression in the last hour, to the point of me having to lay down
i like this video, its good motivation to learn a hard language like that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYzMYcUty6s [Embed]
also, isnt it crazy that /int/ has like 2.5x the amount of posters here? 
lol, korean shitposters are taking over, lel
It's more suited to this board imo
they consider korea stuff to be incel-lite content (literally a jannie said that on the 4chan discord)
Not too used to 4chan, so I don't really know much else other than /r9k/. Gonna check those out in a bit.
But isn't race baiting a normal thing in imageboards? Looking at the archives kinda suggest that. The BBC spams and insults like "go back to r/asianmasculinity" are fucking old.
Jannies and mods don't care for shit. The only real way to hinder race baits is to not bump at all. Just filter, hide, and let them talk to themselves.
Funny thing is most of the spammers aren't even Korean.
why isnt that janny banning and deleting these then?
never said those spammers are koreans but spam is spam and it gets annoying
libertarian ideology
and it should be noted, that those places are full of NORMIES
sex having normies, relationship having normies
like actually legit normal people, who at best, come here to shit on us once in a blue moon, and then leave. were vastly different people
and if theres enough general korean threads made here, i think that justified a korean general
i cant relate or even speak to those people in those different boards. /r9korea/ is our way of appreciating korean culture, in our weird autistic way
I guess suggesting generals could be an okay way to reduce board clutter. But won't teaching zoomers and newfags how not to get race baited a better idea? Baiters are gonna bait.
I've even seen some anons flood the Korea threads with anti-Asian stuff as to 'combat' them. But all that's doing is giving (You)s, replies, and bumps.
Not once did I see anyone suggest just to filter, hide, and ignore baits like I did a few times.
There's also no point in relying on jannies and mods. It's so clear how uncaring they all are.
But I suppose who would want to waste their efforts on teaching others.
Racebait can't sustain generals, unless its driven by fetish porn. And, none of these stupid Korean baits have been about porn addiction, more about "lol korean really be dunkin on yts"
no shit retard koreans make up like 5% of the asian american population and theirs only like 70 active users on r9k. i would be surprised if none of them are korean. we atleast know 1 guy named stormy whos a mentally ill white anon who cosplays as a korean and thats all.
if you are using 4chan actively and not lurking. you are not a normie you are just a higher functioning autist at best
the ppl who recommends to filter and hide are the ones unironically the ones replying and spamming anti asian posts lmao.
nah, you are hard coping
r9k is by far the most autistic and incel board on 4chan, its not even close
most other boards just have weird normies in them, but they are sex havers and functional people. people in /int/ travel,and people who travel are much more likely to have sex
you are coping if you think all boards on 4chan are for incel losers. thats just not the reality of it
having sex doesnt mean u are a normie retard
do u even know what a high functioning autist
The general threads aren't my suggestion. It was OP's.
Definitely none of the spammers are Korean.
What are the most 'normie' boards you know then? /r9k/ is the most talked about 4chan board in my experience, and I got curious about this site from social media.
yes, and autists dont have sex
ur actually a moron. autists and aspergers and people on the spectrum dont have sex unless you're female
like, do you seriously have the fucking nerve to run your mouth on autism dating and love statistics?
lol
idk. /b/ is for turbo normies, but its all porn. 4chan is a place for people of specific interests, but you have to understand, that simply out of sheer scale, most people will not have autism. 4chan is a massive website, with many millions of posts. i think most people on /pol/ are neurotically, most people on /biz/, most posters in general
/fit/ is kinda autistic, but theres still normies there
to be honest i dont browse any boards besides s4s and this place, so i wouldnt really know the userbase there
you literally are retarded anon.
thanks for proving my point.
