Does the FBI really monitor this site or is it a meme?
just avoid the posts that glow
They really do. But I don't care. Kill democrats, murder globalists. Shoots democrats and globalists with an assault rifle.
Understand how conditional statements work and it won't matter stupid ass laws stupid ass gaslighting feds killers and dogs the lot of them
not sure about this shithole but they do monitor /pol/ and /k/
Such as? Any examples?
The just use it to laugh at all of you bc they know nobody on this board can be taken seriously lmao incels lose again
shut up glowfag I'm not telling you what I know
Not just FBI but other agencies monitor as well as post psyops and try to corrupt anons minds. Been doing it since chanology I suspect. Fucking CIA Niggers
They do, but unless you do/say something monumentally fucking retarded plus have piss-poor OPSEC or are just plain unlucky accounts for a couple very recent cases, they're not going to do shit. Reminder yet again that your IRL associates are far more likely to be the ones to report you to the cops for excessive autism than some spoopy digital dragnet. This is also the case for most garden variety crimes too. Basically try to act normal and it's all good, simple as.
yes
see >>73074722 
this board along with /b/, /pol/, /adv/, /gif/, and /lit/ have become the playground for psyops
You know what's funny? You can get far more apoplectic rage just by posting
hey, have you guys TRIED to be normal???
than any racebait ever could.
try to corrupt anons minds
I've been thinking the same thing for the past couple of years 
think about this: you have a bunch of lonely people, who have some skills and are willing to work towards external treats 
moreover, they can't be influenced too easily 
those people are clearly a latent danger
if you manage to infiltrate in their community, demoralize and destabilize everything they stand for, you have quite a few things to gain
first, you eliminate the treat 
second, you weaponize their autism towards whatever goals you want 
third, you can use them as a scapegoat for the public 
the inflation is out the charts, and most people won't ever own a house?
don't focus on that, there's this group of mentally deranged extremists who want everything to burn and will behead innocent people for the sole reason they are minorities 
if oldfags wouldn't leave and this place wouldn't be constantly flooded with tourists, perhaps we might stand a chance 
the problem is that this site has no culture left 
90% of the posts are either fedposting or newfags replicating fedposting thinking that's in the spirit of the site 
the days when newfags would be ridiculed into oblivion are long gone, and so are any attempts at teaching people what this shithole used to stand for
Exactly and it's not just lonely retards like us, either. They target all minority groups and disseminate extreme dogmas among them. The name of the game is divide and conquer. 
Also important to remember that it's as much about warring over people's souls as it is warring over people's minds or property. The people at the very very top of the pyramid are into some very esoteric shit. Actual Satanists. They revel in having the world just generally be a negative and miserable place.
I guess they watch all the drugfeel post. But could be wrong
they can't be influenced too easily
Hmm true but to what extent? Sure you got plebbit where everyone circle jerks and the most popular rather than out the box thinking becomes the consensus, this place was seen as a real threat since the old days and "they" are trying to conform the culture to a dwindled pool of community. The only place which had a semblance of old board culture was 8c at its peak a couple years ago but they found it too chaotic and influential to the point of shutting down, I know its rebranded but not the same. With this cesspool it couldn't be taken down without reprisals from online forum communities so what they do? Make it a shell of its former days. The psyops at least I think are particularly targeted toward /b/ even to this day because it's basically the lobby to the site. /pol/ well... they try, but anons are way more switched on over there so it won't be as fruitful. The next big thing is incels and men who hold a grudge against society so yes /r9k/ has been infiltrated as well, and with the the normans or newfags as you say they don't have to capabilities to combat such mind fuckery, it's more about nonsensical repetition rather than insightful discourse, hence why wiz exists. Psyops and corruption come hand in hand to control the demographic of 4chan, there's a minority left who combat these influences but I think it's a lost cause, I don't think we'll be shutdown for a while now but they keep it open as a sort of containment for the 'tism. Have you noticed that other image boards have come to a crawl? and the when they become too powerful it gets taken down to a pathetic degree compared to its glory? Honestly be glad we still have a forum of freedom for speech and expression but if you think it'll ever be what it use to be, well... that's a thing of the past
They monitor it. They don't give a fuck about the NEETs on this board, they're mostly on pol or k.
Their only objective is to catch people that are dumb enough to make public threats online. Nothing more.
if you think it'll ever be what it use to be
I'm positive there's no fucking way we can take control ever again
let's say there are 5-10 people who have any idea about what's going on, and also know what this place used to be 
what are we going to do? collectively shitpost 24/7 until more people realize what's happening? 
that would take months
plus, as soon as we would stop our activity everything would go back to normal, unless other people get as deeply involved as we do 
it's a lost cause 
The people at the very very top of the pyramid are into some very esoteric shit. Actual Satanists. They revel in having the world just generally be a negative and miserable place.
possible, but I think they simply want everyone under control so they can stay in charge
