I made the mistake of dating a guy with a fuckton of allegations, police reports, and a conviction, who hated my race and had anger issues. I believed him that the allegations and conviction were mostly false. Now I feel I have to leave the state. I have no one to blame but myself. Missed the.... red flags.
You dated a criminal and you're black? Is that what you are saying?
damn, so Chad didn't change for you and settle for your worthless ass?
Well color me surprised. Nobody could've guessed this.
And now you're used up, another one added to your bodycount, and you just. don't. learn.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Hope he cuts your head off
i don't care what happens to you, there's 100x more guys out there to take better care of you and you pick the worst possible candidate every time
typical foid. women are horrible judges of character. the majority of men who commit abuse, do so because they are enabled by women.
I have no one to blame but myself.
Lole.
Well look on the bright side, at least your red flag detector still works well with white nice guy nerds from stable middle class families with no criminal history, those people are the real monsters!
missed the red flags
do normies actually do this? i've always seen red flags and consciously chosen to ignore them. what is missing them?
someone lovebombs you or they say that none of the accusations are true and you take it at face value? you see someone has anger issues and think that it's just a one off?
god normies are retarded.
white slut dates nigger with multiple previous rape convictions
Lmfao.
I hope he kills you when he convinces you to go get some more licorice-flavored dick, coalburner.
be racist felon
still have girls that you hate the race of kiss your feet and suck your dick
women are straight up retarded
more reason to never compromise yourself for a bitch, they don't have any idea what they want
You have a good one, pumpkin pie
I have no one to blame but myself.
That's not true. If it makes you feel better you can also blame the jews that convinced you to fuck your criminal nigger boyfriend just to get back at your absent father too.
lmao retard
I used to be openly racist and say nigger out loud and the amount of black/mixed girls who were still into me was wild. I had one crazy mixed chick who hated her black dad and said nigger all the time, tongue and nipple piercings. Shit's hilarious.
They arent 6'6 feet tho...
Neither of us is black.
I picked him largely because he reminded me of this other guy I wasn't over who also treated me badly and made me paranoid.
I dated a criminal because he reminded me of my abusive ex
Kek. Literally proving him right without even realising. Women are incredible
She saw them but decided to ignore them. Bitches always do that, it shouldn't be surprising any more.
He was not black lmao.
Okay, what shade of brown are you two? If you're not white, you're a nigger, simple as. 
But, regardless of either of your race, you absolutely deserved it, and I hope he eventually beats you to death while the cops laugh at you for being hysterical over the phone.
Hey! He was 6'4.
I never even got to date the other guy he just looked down on me my entire friendship then insulted and discarded me.
The cops told me he was manipulating me and to block him.
