The BDSM scene of big cities is the most disgusting thing in the world
Worse yet when sites like fetlife started to display stuff in a sort of social network way
Its like watching boomer tier post on facebook but talking about some stupid roleplay fetish
Every single person in sites like that is mentally ill (which is a shame because some of the women are pretty hot)
I dont know how people can just be ok with all this shit and not feel disgust
I feel more disgust seeing shit like that than I would feel eating a shit sandwich
We need religion and strong families back or else I dont think we can rebuild society
You will never have sex, thoughever
You will notice its mostly whites who are into that shit, especially white women. Its because all white girls are molested and raped when growing up. I have never met a single white girl who wasnt diddled or raped in her youth. I genuinely feel bad for them
Why does sex or fetishes make you so uncomfortable? It's just a natural thing. It makes you a better person, being intimate, getting close and empathizing with many people. Good people with hearts of gold, putting trust in other people.
Compare them to a virgin, who are often bitter, cold and socially isolated.
Religion got it completely backwards. The contents of this site alone is proof enough.
Asking someone to whip, choke, beat or spit on you is not normal or natural kek. 
People who try to whip, strangle, or harm themselves are classed as mentally ill and in need of help. How does someone self harming by proxy make it any different?
are you really complaining about a site full of degenerate weirdos ON a site full of degenerate weirdos? you're fucking dumb dude
Interesting that you choose to list masochist things as not normal or natural, but didn't list any sadistic acts. Seemingly having no qualm with them.
Having never been intimate with a woman you only see one side. No empathy or understanding to be found. You must believe that all women are mentally ill then? Of course you do...
I have hight hopes for our Mental Olympics this year if youre part of the team of gymnastics
they're having sex and you're not
faggot
i know black girls diddled by their cousins :I
As expected, a narcissistic delusional reply from an idiot. Sadists are subhuman psychopathic abusers who should be euthanized. The sub has to give their consent to the sadist in the first place, so they share part of the blame and need to be taught that their behavior is not normal but stems from childhood issues and self loathing.
Oh look, another 'incel can't get laid and calls sex-havers degenerates' thread. Don't you get tired of it? I'm getting tired of it. Just go jerk your little dick, hotglue your evangelion figurine and go to sleep
OP dumb btw.
