I was born in an upper middle class household in a non anglo country, went to a private school and then went to a target university to study engineering.
Years ago I was called to be an election monitor with 4 other people, 3 of them women of lower/middle class. Needless to say, people there treated me as a GOD due to my socioeconomic status (even though it's only upper middle), and the women would not stop hitting on me even thouh they had bfs!
So it got me thinking, are incels low status? many l them are NEETS at least
I'm an Oxbridge grad, so supposedly part of society's elite.
I certainly don't feel like it, nor am I treated like it.
This entire board is marked for me. Should I just end it now?
Basically same situation but women don't treat me like a god. I hid my socioeconomic status at university because reason. People realized anyways, but girls don't hit on me. Okay maybe they do but I am retarded so I reject them or not pick up the clues. I live in a limbo between incel and volcel, so that's to be expected I guess
I AM SO LONELY
I HAVE NOBODY 
FOR MY OWN
Holy shit I didn't realized it was this bad
You have a better education than the entire board shut the fuck up whinging you fucking prick
Here we go, ta-dah! Hmmmm, not bad!
Where you already an upper-class white Anglo when you went in?
Sure, but women still treat me the same as before I went.
No, my family's never been particularly well off. Not destitute, but slightly above qualifying for free school meals.
Expected worse, socially avoidant btw.
I have no idea how to escalate something to be intimate, especially with a woman.
I don't really have any family, most of my friends are online, and I barely ever meet up with the ones that aren't.
I highlighted the ones that halfway applied. Didn't read your post btw
Nice! 
Must be nice hugging people anon. 
Congrats on having at least one friend!
Anon, the sad reality is that people dont really give a fuck about education or intelligence anymore.
Bingo.
What do I win?
Oregano
If it weren't for my family I wouldve killed myself already. Im tired. Hope all the other bingo winners find solace.
but then thats not the same as OP
Female friend hugs me every time we cross paths at uni. I also flirt with her when she gives me the chance. I am still a fucking lonely loser virgin
you fucked up by not hobnobbing with the elite or joining one of those clubs where they piss on homeless people for sport
objection withdrawn
Yeah, I have three people I am in contact with, we don't hang out or talk much but we message online. Overall I think I'm used to be being alone anyway, I just learn to keep myself busy with college and my hobbies. What was your happy memory this month if you don't mind me asking?
WOW!
Posting for the govvie datamine surveys
What university you go to doesn't measure your intelligence, just your wealth
Smart middle class people go to smaller unis on scholarships
Smart poor kids get into larger schools on financial aid while all types of upper class kids get mommy and daddy to pay to let them in
I dropped out of high school, did not go to college and have never had a job. My mom works retail. Never met my father.
thank you, internet friends, i'd have every single box ticked otherwise
inthink i should just do it and all ofnthe talking to people stuff is only unmarked because i go to School
i am fem
This has got to be the suckiest permutation possible; wage-slaving for that lonely an existence. I hope you have fun hobbies and projects, anon.
Fuck whoever made this, fuck you for posting it, and fuck me for letting it get to this point without killing myself. Just fuck this gay earth.
Overall I think I'm used to be being alone anyway
Me too. It seems odd to be near other people most of the time. 
This is sad but it was being at work this Easter my boss gave me some left over beef he made and I got to talk to my crush for a little bit and it was just a chill day.
I once had a female friend who would hug me too anon but I haven't seen her since 2019. We would flirt sometimes but she's got a bf and kids now so why bother anymore.
I progressed a lot over the years here this is mine. but still long ways to go
Thanks annon. I do try to keep occupied when I have idle time. I guess you could say I have hobbies. 
I would like to eventually work more for myself and less for others, since my surplus labor is only benefiting those who would shun and oppress me
Actually I feel terrible being rude to Rose and her family. If they could help me out financially I would agree to be friends with them. The only stuff I dont want to do is do stuff with her kid or go places with them or hang around them or anything. I could use lots of help and I would be a great friend in return.
I still live with my parents but im learning character animation right now, if I can earn money with this im good in life
The people who would care = 666 ebf
Kinda coping on some.
1 online friend
2 irl friends who I haven't talked to in months.
do people really hug that regularly? it's so foreign to me atp..
Bingo 
I geus am fucked up
But what did You expect 
As a mentally handicapped retard
It shouldn't be different 
Is that am forced to take care
Of my autistic brother 
Other wise I probably trown myself 
Of my flat building or jump in front 
Of a train 
The only feeling I had that felt semi real.where death experiences where
True pain was all my body could sense
And suffercating while I chocked on my own blood after being driving over or stabbed was the nices feeling and thing I had death and being cold was nice almost comfy
I hate the fact they kept on reanimated me back like a fucking Frankenstein 
Shit if I had the choice I would just let me decay and pass on as the pice of shit I am they forced me back in life where
There where engeuf times
I could have being done in this insufferable life 
Everything is fucking and money 
Nothing is real its all fake as Hell 
Your bitching about GF,s those whores are succubuses tormenting You into pure madness 
They told me because I won't cut my dick aren't black and won't fuck animals childeren or corpses I don't matter 
Well shit they feel so good in there bullshiting cancel culture delusions 
People and this world is Vile and evil
The darkness feels more than home than the light ever did I feel most comfreteble
Hiding in a dark room knowing someday I may leave this cancer You call living 
You cucks simps and faggots piss me off 
You are the reason this Hell continued and I hate You people all for it
im chill with coworkers, thats literally all my irl socialization
are you talk as well? generally tall + rich is a winning combination.
I'm not a NEET but I am a low status autistic creepy weird nerd programmer, so pretty much bottom of the barrel in every way.
This bingo card is rigged to yield misleading results.g08hnt
I'm 6ft tall
blah blaH blah originaL comment
i mean...im a pretty lonely motherfucker, like i dont have any friends, like what you could call my best friends ive seen a handful of times in the past few years...but thank god im nowhere close to getting bingo, in fact by this standard im not lonely at all.
Nearly got bingo. I cheated my way through a math degree and am now just hoping to become an elementary school teacher by a program that is hopefully free.
Whoops, forgot the file.
I don't know if I count as NEET since I'm technically on a 6 month long sick leave. And then back to school.
Not as bad as it looks, I swear
do you guys have it THIS bad ?
I was sure I was gonna ace this damn
I think there was plenty of overlap between incels and the userbase of /r9k/ in early 2010s, and most people here back then were from middle or upper middle class, so...
I hate this. I thought i wouldnt be this bad
what do i win op? 
...do i even win something?
Same, anon. Same. Im lucky my family is lovable
Uhhh...bros? I knew it was bad but not this bad.
This bingo ruined my day.
soooo, what do I win? 
4PR80
fuck forgot image
WJKV8
stupid bingo thing, i'm only one step below a failed normalfag and i scored almost every box.
Its all there is
synthetic existence
Some years ago I would have crossed most of those boxes but now none of them apply to me. I finally made it out.
How did you make it out, anon? Please tell us
The 'Don't check your Phone' part is cruel ohh. Everyone i know somehow have people to text them constantly. It's too sad and awkward.
Not OP, but here is your reward.
Shit, OP. This unironically made me miserable. I was having an okay day being alone. This is just a reminder to be miserable
I didn't expect to get a bingo lol. And I'm sure there is some degree of correlation with low social status and inceldom. But I recall seeing last year a few job/income threads and there was quite a few of stemcels and some went to ivy leagues as well. I doubt it's entirely a class/status issue but having low of either doesn't help. Being a NEET or a minimum wagie loner won't help in the competition with attraction compared to let's say a hedge fund manager friends who golf's with his colleagues. So no, not all incels are low status/class but being low in either doesn't help.
i don't feel lonely anymore because i realized i don't really have the capacity to feel sympathy. like, whenever someone tells me about a bad thing that happened to them, i try to act concerned or sad because that's what's expected, but i'm never actually sure what i'm supposed to feel.
so if i did somehow manage to find a girlfriend, for example, that relationship would probably end very quickly.
is that my mind subconciously coping or something else?
Not incel, but I am considered precariat in my country (below even the working class), although culturally I am middle class. Low status men get fucked all the timel, they just fuck low status women.
Life is shit
Jesus christ, I check all of them except "NEET"
I hadn't reflected upon this before, Had no idea I was this lonely
Bningo. I have some friends and play pokemon tcg so I go out a bit but in terms of deeper friendships/ any intimacy theres none
oops forgot the file
i wish i were dead (originally)
Hardest one so far gj election fraud anon
Far too many of you are N.E.E.T.s without family. Are you from Europe or something? How do you survive without a job or family?
I'm worth around $8 mil, my parents were also doctors and I run a real estate business. I'm a 29 year old incel khv
I'm definitely considered low status/class. Perma NEET and all, on gibs. I don't consider myself an incel though, don't like the association or the ideology that much.
This was a fluke. 
but either way im too much of a zoid to give a single fuck about being alone
Bingo
I don't mind loneliness that much.
origamically
It really do be like that, fren. You gonna be alright?
*I do fantasize but they are pretty much always sexual, never romantic
Family doesn't count for these types of bingo sheets I think
Well, I guess I got bingo in at least 4 ways then.
This shit was either made by a pretentious fucking normie or a loser who is totally detached from reality. I know turbo fucking normies that check all of the above.
i almost got bingo too
I'm doing a PhD in medicine, so I wouldn't say all of us are low status.
nurses don't want you?
I'm married to one.
so you're not an incel
I used to be an incel for quite some time before that.
Do us all a favor and blow your goddamn brains out, cause it seems you are mot using it if you cant face your own superiority
See
I swear, either you must be trolling or are an actual fucktard
I often wonder how things got so bad people on this board always say that looks are all that matter but if you have bad social skills or can't hold a decent conversation it's pretty much over for you as a man platonically and romantically
i think i might unironically be a schizoid
