I thought I was a bisexuality with lesbian tendencies but really I've always had these issues because my mother didn't love me. Now when I think of watching lesbian porn I'm not interested just sad.
Happens to the worst of us
My mother loved me very much and in a healthy way but there's still an unkillable kernel in me that wants to be with another woman. It's a sexual desire as well as a romantic desire and it's as whole as my desire for intercourse with a man is. Nevertheless it is secondary to the desire that causes reproduction.
Being bisexual hell and it's also pointless but it's also real. Probably porn won't help you come to peace with it though.
Mtf or ftm trannies
Sounds like a typical cracker proboscis female. No one cares bitch
I always liked lesbianism since my sexual awakening (maybe also bc I was diddled by a male). I never questioned it and then I developed my first intense sexual attraction to women at my first job and realized I was probably bi. The thing is, I never questioned it or had any problems with it but then when a woman said once "I'm not actually a lesbian I just thought I was because my mother didn't love me" with no further elaboration it deeply resonated with me. I've never wanted to date a woman and I just knew I was coping and it was like my interest for lesbianism declined a lot once I realized it. Not saying all lesbianism are coping, that was just my situation.
Then don't worry about it, fuck a man, life is easy 
You never have to wonder what someone else's pussy tastes like
Mtf. I like them with feminine frames and faces but fat cocks
You should make love to your mom, to get over this trauma
The thing that butterflies have for eating, but for crackers?
Do you put mayonnaise on the crackers?
How are these "insults"
I also have lesbian tendencies considering I'm a man (but I also want to be mommy's good girl)
Even full blown dykes need some real cock. You're just a fake dyke. Go get some cock already.
how about you try the dogpill and get KNOTTED
