Why are most vaginas so ugly? Shouldnt there be evolutionary pressure for them to become prettier over time?
You're gay, you're full-on gay. End of story.
That one is good but 80% of them are shit and ugly and darky and hanging roasties beef curtain 
God I want to put my tongue in her tight little innie cunny
No, instead there is evolutionary pressure for straight male human brains to find the way vaginas look attractive. And it succeeded at that. You are either not a straight male or your brain is defective from a genetic survival perspective.
You will still fuck it. Women don't have to do anything to get fucked. They are under zero evolutionary pressure except the one that tells them to get a child. And a lot of them even fail at that.
they look attractive enough to straight men
roasties are disgusting as fuck and stink
until 200 years ago men just raped whatever they wanted
there is no evolutionary need for the vagina to be anything more than a hole because history has proved that men will fuck anything
There was never any evolutionary pressure on women, only on men. It's a common biological effect known as fisherian runaway. Men competed for pussy so they had to change and get better over time. Men today, even shit tier incels, are significantly stronger and smarter than men 20000 years ago. Women pretty much remained exactly the same. We're not even the same species anymore, strictly speaking, women sre still in their caveman stage. And all the industry of cosmetics, fashion, plastic surgery, is there to mask that fact
the crap you said would make sense if obese men didn't expect exist in the droves.
Obesity is the result of cultural conditioning not evolution, dumbass. Rates of obesity went up by 30% since WW2, evolution couldn't possibly account for snything in such a short time frame
an obese loser who has never lifted a weight in his life could throw the bottom 98% of women through a fence and rape them with relative ease
Better than a baboon pussy.
Women have no evolutionary pressure besides being fuckable and able to shit out functional healthy children. They don't even have to be good mothers.
