How do you get over intense, deep seated hatred of yourself? I find myself quite literally incapable of hating anyone else as much as I hate myself no matter how hard I try. Its like the type of hate you have for a person when every single mannerism they do drives you up the fucking wall, but all directed to myself. I find myself emotionally incapable of alot of things like handling love and close relationships due to this, and often I find myself self-sabotaging just out of habit, a strange desire for self-punishment and pure disdain for myself. I don't self harm cause I honestl believe its kind of stupid, but I'll sometimes have fantasies about killing myself in the most horrific and painful ways possible. This problem's been one that's followed me ever since i was say 13 and has never been fully worked out, only getting worse with time.
More like you don't harm cause you're a pussy bitch. Someone who hates himself this much would just kill himself to get it over with, but that requires balls.
Probably normal in our case. I don't despise anybody else but my hatred is pointed towards my body. It's pure shit.
you have to forgive yourself. you're never going to live up to the expectations you had for your life. you are not the most important person in the world. you are not special at all. let it go and focus on enjoying life as much as you can with the cards you were dealt.
Nah, as much has I want to, I realized at age 9 that the idea of suicide is pretty pathetic and pointless, and im not so much of a pussy bitch to give up life that easily. Got too much unfinished business.
jacking it and eating junk food isn't unfinished business
yeah, I realize that's true and assuredly what I need to move on in life, but the expectations part always catches me. I've learned to grow away from and value other's expectations of me less including my mother's insane ones, but it's still difficult to pass alot of my own. Its 100% true you're your own harshest critic.
lol I got college and a bucket list to finish nerd.
knowing it and actually believing it are different things. deep down you still believe your life is something special and you are the main character. you have to kill that part of you. I recommend watching the Planet Earth documentary series if you haven't already, even better if you smoke some weed first. Cosmos with Neil Degrasse Tyson is also worth a look if you are not already biased against him because of the memes that series sprouted.
same except I do self harm because I'm too much of a pussy to kms
I'm very afraid of this. Of becoming such a pathetic man that I am somehow ok with my own pathetic existence. I don't need "job" "friends" or "gf" or "hobbies" I need to kill myself. I need to kill myself and have no one pity me ever.
can't you see how fundamentally broken that thinking is anon?
you exist, you have the right o exist the way you do, therefore you are OK. the way you are is not your fault. to want to kill yourself over something you had no control over is bullshit social conditioning that you need to reject
you exist, you have the right o exist the way you do, therefore you are OK. the way you are is not your fault
Source?
to want to kill yourself over something you had no control over is bullshit
To put it very very simply: poop is stinky. There is poop in a room. This makes thw room stinky. You remove the feces.
The dominant narrative nowadays is that somehow "all life has value" independently of your contributions to society or lack thereof. I disagree (respectfully)
While that is true, I'm scared of supressing that inner sort of 'main character of your own life' feeling so much that I become a nihlist. Nihilism is the gayest way to live.
i will watch the documentary though cause it sounds pretty interesting, might get high too if I feel like it.
But is suicide not more pathetic than to live? You're rejecting the one purpose you are on this earth right now because of muh feelngs. You at least by natural right deserve to exist and try to find some good in this shitty life bro, we all do.
I am sinply removing something that is making everyone else uncomfortable. If I was bolder and more intelligent, I would orchestrate an ugly person genocide or mass castration before offing myself.
Source?
a truth i hold to be self evident, to borrow a famous phrase
i wouldn't say value, in fact the opposite, everything humanity has ever done is utterly without any value. that's why i say what i say, just accept and enjoy your pathetic existence. because if you lived the perfect life you always dreamed of it wouldn't change anyhting anyway, and you probably wouldn't even be happier.
you have to get in to nihilism and live there for a while before you can figure out your own way to get out the other side. most thinking people go through a nihilism phase early in their adulthood, it's the natural knee jerk reaction to the concept of your own mortality.
it may take years but you have to find a reason to live other than being the main character, because you're not. and you need to start the journey as soon as possible.
use nihilism to kill your self hatred and then figure it out from there
the thing is I went through a brief nihilism phase back when I was 17, and it really did help me to learn how to stop being such a whiny suicidal baby, but I didn't go as deep into it as i wanted to. It taught me how to have the drive to keep going day by day even without a reason to live, and that's an invaluable skill that I think every forming adult should learn, but at the same time everyone I've interacted with who keeps that mentality, prefers, and flaunts nihilism over every other life outlook/philosophy act coincidentaly often act lke either dumb niggas who watch Rick and Morty or are gay as hell homos. It just overlaps like a venn diagram and that ruined my perception of it a little bit to be honest.
Personally I've found that convincing yourself you're a narcissist prick until you fall into your own delusion of grandeur works out pretty well. Just accept you're an asshole and act like one, then suffer the consequences, "they crazy" cause you can't make mistakes and repeat. Hope this helped anon.
Self hatred is a problem with perspective. You focus on your faults instead of your successes. Most artists are like this and it helps them improve, but if they hate their own art too much they never get a picture done because they feel it's not good enough. Funny thing is other people are worse but sell a lot of art. In the same way you need to focus your attention on more shitty people for a while and when you see that they still have pretty decent lives you'll think, hey I might have my issues, but I'm already better than them in many ways so there's no reason I can't succeed too, I just need to ignore my faults and press forward like they do. And there you go.
my bucket list was just a bunch of booze and drugs.
finished it years ago
You are wrong. It would change everything.
Your definition of "perfect" is just flawed. "Perfect" is a much higher form than just "better". One of the points, that separate "perfect" from "better" is an ability to grant immortality to every being that you want (including yourself).
Your "perfect" is pathetic.
 To put it very very simply: poop is stinky. There is poop in a room. This makes the room stinky. You remove the feces.
Define room
So you live for others and you're depressed because you suck at it, i say stay determined and keep at it (or just get to it).
