All my male friends have inevitably ended up developing a crush on me or seeing me in some kind of sexual light. What is it with moids and not being able to view women as non sex objects and just have a normal friendship?
Get the fuck off this board and use Google.
And google what exactly? Why are men so retarded and ape like?
Search up the question. You don't belong on this board so disrespectfully fuvk off you attention seeking whore.
friendships between men and women don't actually exist, at least beyond an acquaintance level . 95% of "male friends" would enthusiastically fuck their female friend if offered, but since they can't they just orbit since some female affection is better than literally nothing. Foids deny this because the idea that most people nice to you want to throatfuck you has to be existentially nauseating on some level.
that's just my problem. this has happened a lot before but the current one is by far the worst. i don't want to see her in any sort of light. with the most recent incident, i've known her for years without issue. met her through our high school robotics team during my sophomore year when she was a new student and i was teaching her the basics of code. occasionally had classes with her for the rest of high school. hung out during class trips just fine. gave her rides to and from events every now and then with nothing greater than friendship in the air. but that's just the problem. we are similar. i know if there's mutual interest then we'd be perfect together, but i know im too much of a wreck right now and i don't want to drag anyone down with me. i don't want to ruin one of the only friendships i have left. there's no way out.
You're a bitch nigga if you ever had a "female friend"
(Note I used "female to avoid using girl friend")
I have found that I usually get over the seeing someone in a romantic light in what started out as a friendship. In the time period of After about a month. If I can have have bro conversations with someone like about your feelings and aspirations or just shooting the shit that usually qualifiies as a friendship.
I personally think my female friends are attractive, to the extent that being intelligent, hard working and emotionally intelligent are attractive.
It's a similar feeling when you vibe with a guy vs a girl
But a different thought process goes through my head
With a male friend it's a "wow we get along really well we should hangout more"
With a female friend it's a "wow we really get along, we should hangout more, also she is very attractive" 
Eventually the "she is very attractive" part turns from a romantic feeling of you constantly noticing her sexually into just another trait like "they are good at sports" or "they are in shape"
Just go hangout with them more, if they are really your friend they will show their unattractive side to you.
just treat them like a friend until that's your natural state
If that doesn't work idk what to do
I'm only slightly autistic so my opinion may not be full retard like some others.
This is the same problem I have and at this point I have no idea what to do about it
What is it with femoids and taking it so personally? How is it demeaning in any way to be closer to someone who you trust and enjoy the company of?
I'm just worried she, or her parents, or my parents, or really anyone in my life will think that my trying to spend more time with her is because I'm trying to date her. Everyone knows I've never been with someone before. I don't want to, I went over that already. I'm not ready for anything greater, but I don't want to lose what I already have. I hate thinking of it this way, but there really might just be some balance I have to aim for. I don't even want to think about what would happen if she made the first move. No matter what, if one of us makes a move on the other, there's no turning back, and that's what I'm afraid of. Straight up saying "I'm not interested in you romantically" would do more harm than good, but I don't know how to hint at it without plainly saying it. I'm trying my best to handle all my friendships just like they're the guys I've been with since elementary school, but it gets harder and harder the more we all grow up and move on with our lives.
male friend starts dating my oneitis (mutual friend)
There hasn't been a single post on this shit board in the past few months that described my current state so perfectly. I enjoy her friendship, from the moment I noticed I might develop a crush I tried to nip it in the bud, yet it started to develop and fester anyway. I feel like I should apologize to her before I cut her off but I'm afraid that'll just sour her memory of me even more. I'd rather be forgotten than eternally resented.
stop hanging out with friends as much because seeing the way they act around each other is painful
There hasn't been a single post on this shit board in the past few months that described my current state so perfectly. I enjoy her friendship, from the moment I noticed I might develop a crush I tried to nip it in the bud, yet it started to develop and fester anyway. I feel like I should apologize to her before I cut her off but I'm afraid that'll just sour her memory of me even more. I'd rather be forgotten than eternally resented.
they break up and she immediately cuts all of us out of her life
There hasn't been a single post on this shit board in the past few months that described my current state so perfectly. I enjoy her friendship, from the moment I noticed I might develop a crush I tried to nip it in the bud, yet it started to develop and fester anyway. I feel like I should apologize to her before I cut her off but I'm afraid that'll just sour her memory of me even more. I'd rather be forgotten than eternally resented.
can hang out with friends again
There hasn't been a single post on this shit board in the past few months that described my current state so perfectly. I enjoy her friendship, from the moment I noticed I might develop a crush I tried to nip it in the bud, yet it started to develop and fester anyway. I feel like I should apologize to her before I cut her off but I'm afraid that'll just sour her memory of me even more. I'd rather be forgotten than eternally resented.
I don't think I've had a single sexual thought about her. I just feel so good when I'm near her. I actually have to stop myself from acting too happy. It's embarassing.
Be more honest about your intentions, and don't be afraid of flirting or rejection. Nothing worse than 'nice' guys who feign friendship for pussy, but are too afraid to even make a move.
Not OP, but I know I'm too ugly for a relationship, and I'm afraid of losing her friendship too. Yeah, I do have other friends, including female friends, but most of them feel more like acquaintances compared to her.
It's literally hardwired into our biology.
It's for the same reason why women have rape fantasies.
Personally, I've seen it happen just as much with the genders reversed.
This is such a common sentiment on r9k and it's extremely unattractive. There is a difference between being shy/cute and having such low self confidence that you're a charisma black hole. Iroically, the best way for guys who aren't good looking to get girls is to have a good personality, but you're defeating yourself before oyu even have a chance with this dogshit mentality that only looks matter.
OP here
for reference, >>73072972 and >>73073925 are me.
I've been open with a lot of people that I'm not ready for anything, but it's almost exclusively been with my guy friends. I know we share some mutual friends, but I don't think I've talked about it with her anywhere near, and definitely not to her. I don't know if she's the kind of person who would ask around to see if my other friends knew my intentions or not.
That's fair enough, but you should ask yourself if you think this way because you're actually not ready, or because you're afraid of getting hurt. I'm not saying your early romances will go smoothly, but it's better to be a romance noob in your 20s than your 30s. I got my heart broken at 20, but in hindsight I'm glad I did because I know so much more about women and romance now thatn I would have if I hadn't taken that risk.
Every time I'm not focused on self loathing I am unbearable to be around. I am obnoxious when I am happy.
OP here
My fear of failure permeates every part of how I live my life. Romance has the chance to create the largest failure of them all. A while ago, while laying awake at night, I was thinking about things. Just about everyone I know has had at least one failed relationship, most have had some insanely bad ones. I'm still bothered by small, insubstantial things I did ten years ago. I can't fathom putting so much energy into something if it's doomed to fail from the start. The early ones are doomed to fail, so how am I supposed to take them seriously? How can I, in good conscience, date someone I know I won't be with forever? I'd be lying to myself and her the whole time. I'm slowly learning to take smaller risks and try new things, so sometime soon I hope to date someone. Someone outside my social circle. That way when it inevitably fails, I won't alienate entire groups from my life.
I feel the same about most serious things in life. I just don't understand why people do things with a higher rate of failure than success.
Thats why you cant be friends with woman
This is my biggest fear. Having male friends and them wanting me for sex or have a crush on me it breaks me and actively prevents me from going out and find friends that are male
Then don't have male friends? I don't understand why women literally scream bloody murder about not being able to have male friends while dudes are perfectly fine to only ever hang out with other dudes. I hope you understand that the vast majority of dudes would give absolutely no fucks about you if didn't have a vagina.
I literally cannot go from zero to a relationship, there must be a phase of friendship in between to know how much do i enjoy the company of a certain girl
Because i have more traditional male hobbys and interests and don't really have anything to talk about with girls
that's not true, most dudes have friendships with girls. You're letting your misogyny shape the world around you
You're either female or a massive cuck whose only male friends are also cucks
At least you are based enough to get out of the Friend Zone once you find yourself slipping in to it.
Though perhaps it's worth asking them out before you cut contact.
Stop taking male sexual attraction so personally. Your male friends might want to fuck you, but that doesn't mean they want to be with you. Wouldn't it be weird if males your own age didn't find you sexually attractive? Why do you think the sexual attraction should go away when you become friends?
You can't understand how primal sex is for men. How strong the urge to spread our seed is. Men would fuck most women they see. Just fuck. Nothing more. It's how we survived as a species. You shouldn't think too much about your friends finding you sexy/pretty whatever. You should start getting worried if your male friends didn't find you attractive, because there is something probably wrong with you if they no longer find you attractive in any way.
Crushing is what you want the most in life. You just want it from the right person. You can't complain when others crush on you. You should know by now that you will have a life full of unwanted attention from men. Just gotta weed out the bad ones.
Hi simp
