how the fuck do normies eat this trash!!!! 
this is the only frozen pizza i can get near my house because normies are disgusting slop eating animals
youre supposed to get the pepperoni red barron
every flavor tastes like absolute shit
It's for people intimidated by the thought of mixing a little flour, salt, water, and yeast. Maybe a little oil. Frozen pizza is the dumbest shit ever. Like frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Or for people that work 8 hours a day + have long commute times + all the other bullshit and just want cheapish pizza. I get you being a NEET will never understand that.
theres actual good frozen pizza though. this shit is aids.
mmmmm yummy wummy chemically packed goyslopping shit my fav
It's food or at least food adjacent. Some eat it, some don't. I don't understand why others give a fuck what others chose to spend their money on and eat. It doesn't affect you in any way.
Even if you live off the land, it's fucked.
did you read you retarded ant? the shelves near me have nothing but this garbage.
I can't tell too much of a difference between the brands. Red barron used to actually be better than others. Personally I prefer Tombstones or Jacks.
So you either buy it and eat it or you don't. It's not that hard.
i have this theory they were poisoning the food supply around 2020 durimg the pandemic and so on.
people were having blood clots, heart attacks, whatever, from this mass poisoning but they were being passed off as symptoms of the vaccine
but of course no one is 100% certain so they get labelled as conspiracy theories and they continue to poison our human necessity for survival.. food.
No, that was all vaccine. Food has been fucked since the 1960s when HFCS was put into everything after they demonized cooking things in lard and proceeded to subsidize corn. Then they added onions to everything.
you're insidiously stupid
Red Baron frozen pizza used to be good in the 90's, that was over 25 years ago. And they discontinued their best frozen pizzas (their breakfast scramble pizzas) so they're dead to me.
Imagine this cope.
desu some frozen pizzas aren't that bad but yes OP I know what you're talkin bout. some frozen pizzas are pretty bad
it just made it easier to poison everything under a smokescreen
oops did i unravel your plans again rabbi? zamn i better go then
This about sum it up?
Nothing you eat isn't fucked. Everything is bad for you. You can't name a single thing you eat that hasn't been fucked with.
This.
And red baron is one of the better ones
people that hare red baron always like shit like plastic shit like digornos
