You know the degree of Islamic knowledge is on another level when the Majority of Muslim Sheikhs, Ustadh's and Imams are not even considered scholars
Most of them are considered "student(s) of knowledge" and consider themselves as such, if they even consider themselves SoN at all
A lot of them just leave it as Sheikh or Ustadh. They don't even consider themselves at the level of a SoN and think that title is too high of an honor 
It's so funny to that I, as Muslim, can become a Christian scholar after 3-4 years at a secular, or Christian college, if they allow nonchristians; and even a 
lifetime on earth wouldn't be enough to be considered a a Muslim Scholar in this day and age 
Here are a few names you've probably heard of as a nonmuslim from Christian apologists or Atheists:
Imam Malik ibn Anas 
Imam Abu Hanifa 
Imam al-Shafi'i
Imam Ahmad Bin Hanbal
Ibn Abi Shayba 
Mujahid ibn Jabr
Ibn Abi Shaiba
Al-Khatib 
Al-Ash'ari 
Ibn 'Abd al-Barr 
Al-Ghazali 
Ibn Arabi 
Al-Qurtubi 
Ibn Taymiyya
Ibn Qayyim
It's a short list. There's more than this but it's not enough to be even 50 or 100
Actually for the most important field in theolog you need a masters at least or a PhD.
So that's still under 10 years from what I googled lol 
You know what 10 years of Islamic education gets you? A student of a student of knowledge. Islamic qualifications and certifications when it comes to knowledge is on another league
Didn't read. Why are Arab niggers so smug all the time. Die in a suicide bombing nigger.
too bad it's a blasphemous religion full of degenerate heathens
Islamic religion is retarded as fuck
Have you even read the quran bro? Its a joke
Christianity is garbage. At least Islam treats women how they should be.
What kind of knowledge is there where you are considered a scholar?
Also ibin al arabi is a suffi who takes Tauhid up to Wahdat al-wudschud which means that even shirk is ultimately a form of worship directed towards Allah, as wherever you look there is a face of Allah.
Contrast that with wahabis who will be strict to the law and will consider everything to be shirk and kufur which deviates from it.
You are pretending like Islam is a unified school of knowledge when in reality it is a fierce competition of contradictory ideas from sunni to shia to suffi.
The position of the prophet, the 12 imams, the status of the law, and even the nature of Allah SWT himself is up for debate.
So what would make someone a scholar? To know all different positions?
Its probably like the western title of philosopher.
You can study philosophy for 50 years, and yet you will never become a philosopher unless you are divinely appointed by having the urge of understanding - something which can never be learned through a desire to become, but only exist as through being itself. A philosopher is often a philosopher before he reads his first book; a student of philosophy often never becomes a philosopher until his last.
every religion which requires you to follow a set of rules and killing non-believers without any justification is retarded. its just people at that time saw this as a way to make the crowd obey them and it worked and retards are following it to this moterfuckin day and age so they can fuck 72 bitches in heaven after death. most retarded thing ever
Actually you do not get just 72 virgins in heaven.
It says in the Quran that you will have 
And the description of them is that they are even more virginous then virgins and that the supply is endless, meaning that you never run out of them.
What a waste of everyone's time. Paying money and studying make believe sky men from savage cultures. What real world application does "I know the will of the sky genie" have? Lying to stupid people? You don't need a degree to do that.
Actually the Jin have vast cities under the oceans where they have their homes.
It is shirk to say that Allah is a jin when in fact he created the jin out of smokeless flame before he created man out of earth and water
Ah, that's what the degree is for.
but why allah created because he has desire to create just like humans who also has desire to create so allah has desire wow just like humans so that mean he is not fully a supreme being as supreme beings should be devoid of any human emotions or feelings... then what is he? imagination created by a man who desired power he gained power left earth and left retards to believe his fantasy,,, now stfu
