Fuck how do normies socialize so noramlly? Ever since I made some new friends, I have to think what to talk about two days in advance before class to kill time and have to deal with awkward silences.
13 years of mandatory government indoctrination
They have no mental issues like autism hampering them
this but also extra curricular activities
Their parents maintained social connections with other parents and socialized their children and encouraged them to be independent. Normalfags were not raised by screens, yes they had the internet, but they learned social interactions and body language from each other their entire life. It is not hopeless, but they had a massive, massive headstart over you who was sat alone in front of the computer without human interaction
You have to lean more on your subconscious to socialize well, especially with normies. It's less about the actual substance of what's being said, and more about the 'vibe' of what's going on, body language etc. If you're used to talking to robots then it can be jarring since that's more of a conscious connection. Basically you have to chill out, stop overthinking, and let your subconscious do most of the work. Same goes for talking to women itt
my subconscious tells me to stare at the floor and mumble monosyllabic responses
this guy knows how to talk
Let's be honest you and most of the folks here are probably most comfortable behind a screen. We grew up that way. Escaping into the internet, tv, video games,etc. It was how we coped with life. Whereas normies can find comfort around others socializing and just being near people even large crowds it's almost therapeutic for them. And then people like you and me get anxious waiting at the checkout line in a grocery store. They probably have parents that are always having people over for the holidays and always going out somewhere like to a restaurant and they'll talk with the waiter and the owner and have a great big laugh. And my mom and I would just be quietly eating in a corner watching them have fun. Idk man it's quite the pickle but i think with enough effort progress can be made.
