Tried getting a bj like this. Was very toothy, shallow and not like le heckin pornos at all. She wanted to stop immediately
GOOD BECAUSE ITS MY FUCKING TURN AAASHDJR WHOEVER YOU ARE YOU FUXKING PIECE OF SHIT POSTER ALWAYS PPSTING THESE FICKING DEEP THROAT WEBMS I HOPE YOU DIE A PAINFUL PROLONGED DEATH FUCK YOU I WANT DICK SO BAD ITS 5AM AND I CANT FUCKING COOM FOR SHIT FOR SOME REASON JUSG KILL ME FUCK ANTIDEPRESSANTS AND FUCK YOU DEGENERATE MOIDS IM FUCKING CRYING AGAIB
Cmon over
WHERE BITCH WHERE
Ohhh hayyy ooh
??????JUST ANSWER CUNT
https://voca.ro/1olUg1zmYilP
This is my experience with blowjobs 
27 years of incel and Neetdom beaten only to experience teeth grinding against my cock and her pussy being too sensitive to do anything other than glide over it until she cums and then my reward is her cum smelling EXACTLY like my own cum 
Getting balls licked feels good though which is weird because when I touch them it doesnt feel good at all
https://voca.ro/1jSW493CPJTV
WHERE ATR YOU LET ME LICK YOJR BALLS
Tell me about the smell.
Bro that's kinda gay
Whoa I was not expecting that lmfao
Yes it's Ohio
Youre not even in the US and an actual girl just ask your neighbor and he will let you
Its literally the same as a guys cum at least its the same smell as mine
I would be extremely disappointed if that were the case. The sex part is good but I really want her to blow me enthusiastically which is never gonna happen. She's always visibly reluctant..
i think theyr saying ohio(dont go)
Oh I meant me rubbing her clit was too sensitive not actual sex another thing I didnt mention was every time I asked her how to do it better she would say She didnt know 
And for all the footfags foot jobs dont even feel good hand and mouth are better 
Everything about sex is a scam except getting your balls licked
I GUCKINF MNEW IT
NEIGHBOR???DO YOU REALIZE HOW SMALL VILLAGES IN DUCKLING SHITHOLE LIKE MyCOUNTRY ARE? NO WAY IM SUCKING DUCK OF SOMEONE WHO SAYS HELLO TO MY GRANDMA EVERY SUNDAY THE RUMOR WILL SPREAD LIKE BUTTER
FUCK YOU CUNTS AND FUCK YOUR DUCKS IM GONNA GO OVERDOSE ON MY MELATONIN GUMMIES
WOW GEE THANKS
come to canada ^-^
I was being hyperbolic just get a dating app and have them drive or drive to them you cant be further than an hour for a big city because nobody here is gonna fly you to them kek
YOU WANNA DUCKING BE T?
OFC NO THATS WHY IM DUCKING CRYING ITS NOT FAIR THAT IM NOT AN AMERICAN RETARD FUCK YOU
Oh. Yeah it took me a while to get that but at least she was pretty free with the advice giving. She wouldn't do anything with feet 
I tried to fuck her on a stool last night and she vetoed me. Tried to get some anal a few times and also vetoed despite her saying she loves it
american hookup culture is truly a blessing
Pathetic
&lt;original commment is because the picture
HIS SLAPS ARE PATHETIC
I find it very odd that she wants to be choked and have her hair pulled but not be throatfucked. I wish it were the opposite DESU
where r u even from
LOL well sucks to be you then at least you know how incels were forced to feel 
you are forced to know what its like to be a man and when you finally leave your village you will be old and long boobs with every guy willing to date you already has had sex with 30 girls and youll be virgin like I was but have to settle with a sex haver
Suffer woman and know the pain of being a male you are like the Jesus for incels
I asked her MANY times and she would just say IDK and that goes for everything else too I just have to pick and do everything so now I dont even care about anything other than getting my balls sucked
Make sure it stays wet and don't use too much pressure. You wanna be barely grazing it
Still haven't gotten mine sucked. I even shaved them just for her. RIP
Oh yeah btw this girl with the tooth blowjob also said she was on antidepressants and said it ruined her orgasms as well as her sex drive so if you already cant cook you might be screwing yourself even more the drug she took was alprazolam
Ill try but spit dries up fast and If I try to scoop up her precoom she gets angry and says I pretty muc reset and have to start over
May I ask how old you are and if you were ever an incel and Neet and if you were for how long 
And how old are you and your gf and did either of you have sex before your partner
Im just curious no need to answer
That position is not for "getting a bj", it's for fucking her throat.
Wtf? Mine demands I do that. What does your foreplay look like typically? 
Yes that was part of my grand plan
my ex was mad at me once and got on top of me and did something similar and kept grabbing my face and forcing my mouth open when i was trying to give him teeth so he would stop and now i get vaguely nauseous looking at shit like that
Im sure there was some other twat who ruined it before me cause she said she'd punch me if I tried to make her deepthroat
it could just be that she knows it feels like shit. try pounding a cucumber down your throat for a minute without throwing up and see how you like it anon
Man it is like an ass with nipples
I used to be able to deepthroat myself as a teen. Can't even get my gf to do it to please me wtf
mega ew dude
But throwing up is part of the fun! I wish women would be more perverted and masochistic...
Kill yourself moid. If a man ever stuck his dick in my mouth to the point im throwing up i'd consider that assault lmao.
fuck cannot unsee
git gud faggot
Just means we have to work on your gag reflex. Daily deepthroat training would benefit you greatly.
One of the most coomer things i've ever read. I rarely preform oral in the first place because moids don't deserve it, but to make myself physically uncomfortable to accomplish what choking on a dick? No thanks.
you're lame
I think this femanon is in bitter need of rape correction...
The choking is hot yes but it's about you getting better at pleasing men. Having someone shape you into who they want you to be. But most of all because power exchange is fun.
Correct what? The fact I value myself as a person and won't be used as an object? Somehow you managed to make a worse phrase than deep throat training lmao. 
I'll take being lame over being a sex object anyday
it's not about being a sex object if you're both cool with pushing your limits for eachother. Why should anyone get so worked up over puking on cock if you're literally opening your throat for his pure throbbing pleasure?
Your cheeky attitude just makes me want to do it even more. Something about misandrist femanons just has that effect on me.
My dick isn't even that big. I will eat a chick out and make them cum for awhile. To be fair most of that is for my satisfaction but I don't tell them that. I try to get them to suck me off and they do it for like 2 minutes halfheartedly and so bad then act like thats good enough. Not all the women I have been do this but it is more common than it should be. This is similar to women being a dead fish while you are fucking them too. Women are lazy.
Gee, I wonder what makes women hate moids so much? Oh yea, the fact that you get off on the idea of beating us and "breaking us" and have hours of violent porn saved on your computers. I know you have a porn rotted coomer brain, but sorry to say your rape training porn isn't real. A humans will is a powerful thing, and you cant just make someone into some mindless sex doll. Please do humanity a favor and stay away from women k thanks.
The most depressing thing is that women actually want to be hurt and this post was written by some niceguy beta male.
you need to lay back and edge your brains out fembot
No we do not. What is your source? One of your incel echo chambers?
Edge? What do you mean? Is that another way of telling me to kill myself? I can't keep up with r9k incel lingo.
I read stories about women forced into prostitution where all it took was one rape to break them mentally. They just stopped fighting. But that's beside the point. 
If you take posts on here si seriously they make you seethe like this you should probably step back from the screen. Plenty of women around who want to be abused and degraded. And what 2 people consensually do in their bedroom doesn't affect me at all. Neither should it affect you.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GoonetteHub/
all stinky femanons need to just shut up and rub their pussies
You sound very immature and either larping or very young. Edging isn't an r9k term.
It does effect me though. Violence against women is at an all time high and all the rape porn plays a huge part. It goes beyond just a screen when men are randomly choking women during sex because their mimicking what they see in porn.
spotted the virgin male feminist
most women will literally beg you to choke them
i dont get pissfags why would he do that to his carpet
she literally wants it though. the first time she stopped me but ever since she put my hands there later on i choke her tf out and pull her hair
now why can't i just fuck her face? arggghhh!!!!
Since when does not knowing coomer terms make someone immature? I am sorry I don't spend all my time online I only come here once in a while because female image boards are slow.
There's a fetish about..being addicted to porn? Lmao that is so sad.
when women do stuff like this does it effect their voice like does it make their voice all raspy and shit?
because I would prefer a cute girl with a cute voice over a cute girl with a fuck up voice that can deepthroat
Rape porn has been around for decades. Nothing has changed about that. If you hang out with shitty men don't complain about being hurt. If you think cause I watch that kinda porn I go out and molest and Rape random women you are delusional. Besides the fact that l women I've been with wanted some form of power exchange and impact play. 
Anytime I post thar video lmao. Just enjoy the look on her face. But yeah the carpet will get piss on it. Bathroom is the better option.
Tfw no tapeworm with the head of a woman gf who lives inside your nippleass gfs butt
so uppity and snappy, that's why you need to find a cute fembot gooner gf to lay in bed and rub pussies with while you watch smut all day together. 
really let loose and stop being such a braincunt
Bold of you to assume I hang out with men in the first place. Also most rapes arent committed by strangers, the victim usually knows their rapist, and rape can be something like "accidentally" putting it in her butt as well.
Its a pretty bawic term. Besides that you basically sound like a female version of the average poster on here. 
People fetishize everything. Again just shows how little you know.
Yea no thats def a male fantasy. Women aren't coomers like that.
And what is wrong with that? Should I spend hours and hours a day watching porn or something so I can finally "mature" ?
I'm aware that it's often someone close to them and not the stereotypical taken on the streets kinda thing. But you don't hang out with men yet you seem to know all about them. Who hurt you? 
Let me tell you that no man will enjoy accidently sticking his dick into an extremely tight and dry hole. That shit hurts even when its a pussy.
You are so fucking dumb. You have your own set of values and think everyone has them. You also describe all men as having a singular set of values. News flash, some women like things that are different than the things you like.
No just stop being ignorant. Sexuality is fun andife is too short for bad sex.
she really doesn't know
Cum smells?
Mine has never had an odor only maybe after a few days, but not frwsh from the tap.
She is shaking in fear. What is sexy about this? 
Basically all moids are the same yea
No sex with a man is good sex. Wish I wasnt straight
"LOOK WOMEN ARE COOMERS!"
This and high school.
I hope it's not truer though because I genuinely feel disgusted by the thought of punching/hitting women.
You answered your own question. Plus the sounds she makes and the fact that sexual sadism is plain fun.
why aren't you a dyke yet?
Because I don't think sexuality is a choice. I have never tried dating or having sex with another woman, but I haven't really been attracted to one in that way. 
Most women don't like this dont worry
What about seeing someone in fear is sexy? Sexual sadism is just another cozier phrase for abuse.
Sure. It is abuse. But if its consensual then who cares. She gets what she want. I get what i want. For reference that woman is a porn actress and does stuff like that on a regular basis.
women have unmatched sexual energy and there is absolutely nothing you can say to change my mind on that. That's why you have so many fembot gooners on this board nowadays. I know there is tons of trans people mixed in but they all come from a similar hypersexual mindset and it's not all because of some sadistic sick shit you're thinking up. People just want to get filthy and wild
Girls and the gays in modern times have sexual liberation. So why are you so stuck up on your mindset?
you do realize youre talking to a literal virgin right ? lmao
What am I supposed to do about it? Find some random lesbian or bi woman and be like "hey im straight but can you like lick my pussy for me?" lmao.
People into this or scat are either extremely fucked up or virgins
probably actually
sounds like you need a good girl munch to melt your brain
How can she say she loves you if she doesn't even throw up on your dick?
The smell of shit and probably vomit too is an instance boner loss for me.
Moid mentality is thinking women's problems can be solved just by cumming.
Eh I think seeing her going go those lengths to please me would be enough. And her suffering fuels my boner. I enjoyed forcing a girl to throw up with my fingers so I dont see how my dick would be different.
well, what's your real problem femanon?
Actively trying to achieve success in a world where the odds are against me. I probably would be happier schlicking in all my free time blissfully unaware but I was introduced to radical feminism and woke up to how I am viewed as a woman at a young age.
Basically a female incel.
Radical feminism is the only form of feminism that actually helps women. And if that makes me an angry femcel then so be it. I think women have the right to be angry.
see, you're learning
brainwash yourself into submission and just let go, it's not hard femanon
Angry about what exactly? You sound like my sister that screeches about women being the ones getting pregnant. I dont think hating all people of a gender is a very healthy attitude to have either way.
Angry about the oppression and abuse we face, as well as high societal expectations. Women now face more pressure than ever, we are expected to have a career as well we be mothers and wives.
What would I be submitting to in the first place?
Who expects that? That's self inflicted. But it is true that a sine breadwinner isn't feasible in many cases.
submitting to your own bodies way of eternal pleasures
you can unlock anything you want from within if you just give your brains that chance
You'd pick a misogynistic tall chad over a kind short guy. Don't even lie whore.
Porn is BS. They show stuff that looks good on camera. Not stuff that actually feels good.
I seriously thought that was a whale cock going into a vagene doggy style by looking at the thumbnail lmao
oppression
like what? do you have any examples?
abuse
like what? do you have any examples?
the mother/wife is your choice entirely, or peer pressure from other women
the career one is just a lie, that's only expected of a man
My only ex was 5'6 but ok cool fanfic.
hush, that fembot is leaking &amp; drooling all over herself now. Her brain is mush
Yes it does. Any woman with a raspy voice deepthroats horse cock dildos on the regular.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF W H Y ARE YOU SPEAKING ON BEHALF OF ALL WOMEN THIS IS A COOMER THREAD WHAT DID YOU EXPECT STAY MAD IM A MASSIVE FEMINIST TOO IF I WANTES TO GET TEIGGERED ABOUT WOMENS ISSUES ID GO TO OUR TIKTOK ECHOCHAMBER SEX IS JUST SEX IF THERE IS CLEAR CONSENT HE CAN DO WHATEVER HE WANTS AND IF YOU HAVE OFF LIMITS JUST FUCKING TELLHIM BEFORE
IM STILL FUCKINGHORNYI JUSF WOKE UP KMS WHY IS THIS THREAF STILL HERE
Libfems are genuinely retarded. Gross. Take your (you) since you need attention that badly
Why don't you go ahead and rub your pussy for all the anons on this thread?
YOU ARE ON 4CHAN R9K COOMER THREAD AND SPEW RADICAL FEMINIST IDEAS KNOWING VEEERY WELL THAT N O ONE HERE WILL CHANGE THEIR MIND NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY BUT WILL STILL ANSWER TO ARGUE. YOU GOT PLENTY OF (YOU)S YOURSELFYOU RETARDED HYPOCRITE
Every woman can smell your cum, you cant smell your own, just like your bedroom that stinks but you can't smell it. your mom knows when you have cummed in your sock anon
Do you need a rough fuck to take off the edge? You seem very agitated.
DO I?YOU THINK AO?
You are definitely asking for it. Nothing better than start the day with getting pinned down and forcefully pumped full of cum.
LWOW REALLYW THANKSGOOD TO KNOW FUCK YOU CUNT
Ngl, I kek'd.
But seriously stop it with this coomer posting you cunts, being bombarded with porn 24/7 is annoying as fuck.
beggars can't be choosers, retard. the boy-next-door would be more than happy to fuck you, i imagine. either stop being so damn picky or move to a bigger town, you dumb broad.
Come sit in daddy's lap. Let me make you feel better.
If your dick is too big she's not gonna be able to give you a blowjob without their being teeth. Unless she has a wide mouth, but there you go I guess
throatfucking fetishist here, that is the worst position possible for oral, but a lot of women like it because they get to lie down and not do anything, the dick can't fit in as far as possible, and it's nearly impossible for someone who isn't olympic-athlete-fit to thrust quickly
Just embrace the teeh, i personally like the slight pain on my dick skin when mouth fucking. I do have a leg up tho, that i have way to loose and to much fore skin, as it covers the head's first 2cm when full erect, and it supercedes the head by about 2cm when flaccid. I can move the skin upwards to protect the head when entering the teeth zone and it gets pulled back when the head passes the teeth so i have a clean throat/mouth feeling on the head while her teeth slightly hurt my shaft and skin.
My length is European average, but the girth is way up there in the 99.75th percentile, meaning one in 400 men has more girth than i d0xr8ko.
Onaholes these days are so damn lazy
