i need sex from a guy that is old enough to be my father and i dont get thst im going to be virgin forever
there's a lot of those looking for you, go get them and fuck off
whysuld u tell me to Fuck off for posting shat i Want... . thats really Ru de
I'm almost 30, obese, and ugly. Let me defile you in memory of your father.
I don't know. It just seemed like the thing to do at the time. It seems easy to go out and get, but I guess you have no bravery. You scared or something?
I'll bite, where you at?
my Father is not like You...
what girl who wants be be fucked by olfer men isnt afraid
i live in new yorK
my Father is not like You...
That's why if he knows you fuck me, you'll know he's disappointed
Welp good luck then.
That's what I don't get about you girls, you act all afraid of guys and then when you find some guy who's a pussy or non-combative and you ignore him cause he's "boring"
you want to get fucked by a trucker-aged guy? you deal with the malburo smell and the possibility of getting fucking destroyed, decide now if it's worth it then stop crying about it and fuck off
They know men will give them whatever they want
That's why mommy issues is an insult to men but daddy issues is an opportunity
30+ virgin manchild here. If you're at least 18 I'll date/penetrate you.
oh well just Shift Clicj mayb if ur so Mad about ym type not being some Twink 19 year old incel boy like you....
hehe i have both
Im a 40yr old man who has that depressed middle-aged single parent aesthetic going despite being a somewhat optimistic person. Dead eyes, big smile.
hehe i have both
No shit. But you're a woman so you don't have to even try. You just can.
37
Senior team lead in IT for a large organization
Have a cool dog
Have the "dad" look pretty down
I mean...How old is your dad currently?
going to Have swx wirh you both
But you're a woman so you don't have to even try. You just can.
best advice.ive ever heard
holy shit based vasco shot enjoyer
if OP is in new england i will hug and cuddle you. i am mid 20s khhv
kiroranke#1291
oh you're a tranny
that's why you're here
What you don t realize is that they start getting erectile dysfunction after age 35 kek
Sounds hot. Let's have a sloppy DP session.
How the fuck can anyone be attracted to guy named JUMIN? How can you read this stuff without laughing?
i need sex from a guy that is old enough to be my father
Said every woman ever
I fucking hate all of you
40+ boomer here. Post your fuck hole
