get added by girl from r9k
super nice and excitable legal teenager
is asocial and doesnt talk to many people
talk for a couple of days 
ghosts me after a week
Never again I will let a woman tell me she's lonely
A common occurrence. The handful of girls I added from here years and years ago were mostly okay, but would just eventually ghost me. 
Every female I've met online, except for one (who is now married and I've no chance with anymore), has eventually ghosted me. 
I don't know if I'm just that insufferable and low-value, but I suspect most girls just keep a stable of potential guys they like on the hook, and eventually prune the ones they don't care much for every few days or weeks.
she probably only has a need to talk like once in three months, and by talking with you for a week, this desire got satiated and she discarded you.
It is unlikwly that she instead had "replacements" for you. She was just momentarily lonely and then you alleviated it
Way more common than men think
When a femoid says she "doesn't talk to many people" she means she manages under 100 orbiters. This is considered a "small number of online friends" for a femoid.
Been there bro, it sucks
Manifesting with my powers a femanon that is an artist/or into drawing and with cool taste in vidya an anime whos not a normalfag Rezaguze#1460
Do women just not feel remorse about taking up a guy's time like that and leading him on
How can they do this to multiple men and feel nothing, ive seen girls do this since theyre around 14-13
You have to tell them stories and keep their interest by remaining mysterious, Anon. Fembots LOVE stories.
Yes.
They do not take your time into consideration, only their own
why do boring women demand interesting men
ride on gundamchad
Do women just not feel remorse about taking up a guy's time like that and leading him on
Do you feel remorse for your lunch?
They are predators. Emotional vampires. You've served your purpose and can be discarded like an empty Capri Sun.
can you incels stop refering to us as monsters
You have 8 unread messages btw
heard a woman tell me she doesnt talk to anyone but how 2 people message her daily
Is it really a lie if she believes it? They're just so disposable they don't even register in her head as people
being ignorant doesnt make it any better
many such cases
oreganogami
how dod you get added by girls here
I'M NOT STANDING BY
TO WATCH YOU SLOWLY DIE
SO WATCH ME WALKING
OUT THE DOOR
what song is this i dontget it
Fembots LOVE stories.
Not my experience. They love talking about their issues non stop. Many have bpd or narcissistic issues so they love to go on and on and on about inane things.
realest thread on r9k at the moment
Do women just not feel remorse about taking up a guy's time like that and leading him on
Nope, foids are selfish psychos.
