Revisiting old ideas edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com
Previously: >>73066054 
I still have roadrunner on game.
buy 7900XTX
lmao thanks brah, wait for rocm 5.5
we'll have it out at some point
mayhaps some time after that pytorch will pick it up. possibly. 
so I stuffed my beat-to-hell old Vega into an old machine. I guess it's nice though, I can run up a big batch of images while I'm playing vidya on my new card.
I've been trying to make Misatos, heres the best I've done so far
I was a little worried nobody would join me
Frankly, I'm preparing myself to sleep. But I wanted to at least not let the new thread alone.
I like space
She's pretty, I really like that art style
Don't worry Eleanoranon, us aiwg regulars will always be here.
hello sorry for being cringe last thread
It's okay, we're in a thread where we use cutting edge technology to carefully craft waifus
This is where you belong
Don't sweat it. Just try not to be so hard on yourself if you are going through a rough patch. btw can i have the prompts for Shion? She is one of my favorites from the regular waifus posted in these threads
sure
masterpiece, best quality, 1girl, solo, cute, yellow eyes, pink hair, short hair, ((french braid)), expressionless, flat chest, half-closed eyes, bags under eyes,
Or are perky breasts better? I just don't know
Trying to get Druid Hana, but it's hard and I don't know how. One could even say it's a mystery of the druids.
It's alright, alright! Don't worry that much about it. You're kinda cute, not cringe.
Thanks, I really appreciate it, bro. Specially cuz I was lowkey expecting you to gatekeep her "formula" tbqh. Are you still working on that VN project?
What do you all think of this. Is there anything I should add.
73073924
try something like
 badges, patches, insignia
and see what happens
Are you still working on that VN project?
havent done shit in weeks but i want to go back to it
Although I take it back, it doesn't do anything for me. Which one should I go for?
im going to bed im not feeling that good today sorry
Whoops, forgot image. Sorry for shitting up the board, guys.
I always get tired of them as soon as I make them, sigh.
Fuck, man. I guess I'm the cringe one now.
I love these cozy profile shots, even if they're all samey
No need to worry about cringe, just glad you're okay friend
Goodnight anon, sleep well.
Goodnight, Shion-bro. Hopefully you'll have a better day tomorrow or at the very least a less shitty one
still looking for prompts to do
Much love, take care friend
I woke up and I'm going
welcome welcome again agai8n
Try to make Eleanor a giantess rampaging through a city. I've tried but never had much luck with it.
Great lighting!
"Dark haired girl got me out of jail, and my beloved yet retarded Anon figured out what the waifu colab guide actually said."
I'm just happy she looks happy
(building, building sex, destruction, giant, giantess, landmark, crotch rub, city:1.4), aircraft, dirigible,
deal, I'll work on it
P4AA2 that's stands for
Man ragged clothing is hard.
I want to become her. I want so much...
god damn that's pretty
The joys of your general anxiety and stress problems making it so that you wake up multiple times throughout the night because of having a vacation week
You are being stressed out and anxious about having vacation, because it's something out of the ordinary. You are supposed to relax, not wake up sweaty knees weak palm spaghetti
good morning already where is my calm spaghetti
Oh, I wanted a huge sword but got huge tits instead
After the battle she feels empty
Good morning, I hope you can relax on your vacation week
I was just going to ask if big tittes or small tittes are better. Hello, Goa
If all else fails I can force it to happen with alcohol for a few evenings
nice japan
I like both, but generally I like that the older a woman is, the bigger the tits, so you have absolute unit milk tanks milfs, itty bitty loli tiddy and so on
But then again oppai loli is also good and flat chested adults are good too god I love tits so much
it's honestly pretty goofy usually
Probably the best result I've gotten so far, everything else doesn't really make her look like a giantess.
So beautiful
Big tits are nice but only when there's a big ass to balance them out. Big tits on a small frame with a small ass looks weird to me. I'd much rather small tits and a fat ass.
Imagine waking up and seeing that out your window.
I don't think I'll ever surpass the prompt set that I'm messing with right now
like, even when it goes more abstract it's flawless
I'm not sure what to do now
I swear I'm not an armpit fetishist, so why is that so attractive. i'm also out of ideas and just clicking it over and over for this one.
This is what happens when you put all
at once
Imagine having sex with her pit from behind, the tip poking and rubbing against her sideboob
I like the abstract art a lot
giant tits
literally
Imagine looking up
alright, goodnight aiwg. I'll try to think of something actually new next time
Goodnight, sleep good and well and healthy
This ones pretty funky
Goodnight Eleanoranon, hope you sleep well.
Good night Eleanoranon
Looks like the waifu collab thing timed out, or is it just on my end?
At least I got some Armored Angel Saeriah gens in before the error
Waifu collab will also some times give her dark hair, just like nemu
Just reload the collab and everything should be fine again
I'll try that, ty!
btw, what happens if I close the browser? Will I have to do all the steps all over again?
I think yes, collab page should be open while everything is working
I'd love to get crushed by some giantess tomboy thighs.
Anyways I'm off to bed, gn aiwg.
then I removed some prompts
nighty night
looks to be working normal for me
Very hot
Goodnight, sleep mighty and powerful
Back to the past
I am aroused by her disappointment, god i wish it was aimed at me
I am aroused by her confidence, this is a good pose
nice lighting
night
would eat choco banana with her at the japanese festival
"Thanks for the coat, Rochelle!"
Reloading everything now, I think I fucked up somehow. Also trying a different lora.
Slime Queen is back
Anything giving me the best results
Queue totally full
reeee. I think I'm getting fairly consistent results now; I wish this was torn a bit more.
Maybe I should play Splatoon again
Joining a cult with waifu!
When all else fails, go with blood :D
I want to taste her pussy slime
Armored Saeriah is back
"Next time they come to arrest me for hatespeach, I won't go without a fight."
AOM is certainly faster, and I usually like the fabric textures more, but it doesn't seem to want her clothing to be ripped and torn like I want.
I'm going insane at that point I'm going in
Asssssci
So Goa why do you hang around in various stages of covered in blood?
"Its comfy"
How?
"Warm"
Oh shit I think I said something wrong to her
I forgot that if you emphasize anything enough it'll go on the girl so I used (((((moss))))) and now she's got mossy clothing and even mossy hair.
uuuoooohhhhh aaaah what
What is she talking saying what
"You make less sense than Anon."
Goa what did you do?
Goa I know that face
What do I have to be worried about now?
She seems to be in the process of exclaiming her love 4u
holy powers acquired
she has become moss
Goa
I forgot to post the picture Goa
"Goa forgot to post the Goa? Pfft, pathethic."
Talking saying nonsense stuff
Greek kathigr &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Hor Y yor yok!!
Nevar forget
Cool unprompted crown Saeriah
Straight jacket Saeriah (it's for her own good)
Saeriah respectfully looking at (you) respectfully looking at her chest after she removed her cuirass
One final bloody Goa before heading out to buy supplies
very dark souls
Is it just me or is the text the AI is generating getting better and better? I could almost get the AI to spell "New Vegas", there are entirely legible words in there, and I can recognize some of the Japanese characters in Saeriah's pictures.
Is she casting a spell or curse on the small wooden box? Maybe it's a tiny coffin?
Reading from the ancient tome to figure out what that spell she just cast actually does
Getting lots of weird hats all of a sudden
I hope soon I will be able to make characters talk in images for goofy plots
"It's not a weird hat Anon, you retard. It's a ceremoneal head dress and it's very important to the ritual!"
"Anon... the ritual failed"
She's telling us to not forget we're here forever
Good night /aiwg/
Actually it's morning. 10AM. My sleep schedule is beyond fucked.
Saeriah is taking notes.
Good night, sleep kingish and royalish(?)
I'm reaching levels of moss that shouldn't be possible.
That would be awesome. "Speech bubble "I love you.""
sleep well!
I'm gonna leave it here and disappear for an unknown amount of time
anon I'm on my period again
so what? *turns you into a vampire*
"I speak for the trees"
"You're like 50% tree already!"
This is seeming more and more like a European metal album cover.
helo /aiwg/ I missed you guys. looks like I missed quite a lot
Shamancore
Hello!
Hiiiiiiii good morning good day
Original hiii :))
Shousouts Carl
washing the blood away in the sauna
Last drood Hana before sleeping
That's quite the collection of awards; how did she earn them?
a few war crimes here and there, nothing special really
I can fully appear again
Gonna eat some pizza soon broskies
4 different kinds of cheese-pan pizza
Will really hit the spot since I haven't eaten anything today
She appears
She crimes
She druids
She orbs
"I bang"
She bangs
Getting some very pretty outfits right now
She is planning something
I hope she's not going to shoot the moon again
put goa in a space suit, like the hit game among us
No matter how hard I try, she won't sus
So now she bares her puss
So many great ideas in this thread, but here I am just making the same nice casual pics of her. I dunno guys, I really like my boyish wife.
Cheeky girl is hoping I'll pay attention to whatever she wrapped around her foot and not her obviously padded chest.
Nice yoga pants, they have a cool texture
Good morning AIWG
Nicole doing her best NGE cosplay
Very hot gamer waifu
Very hot EVA waifu
casual is not bad, and simple is good
boobbas
She's starting a twitch, I'll show you later
Peace out for now
Goa quick I want to link a song do some...do something worth posting
"Can't you just use one of the many images you have of me already?"
No it needs to be something new
"It's going to look the same as all of them"
But you are so pretty it'll be fine
"Fine I'll do this"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DV5mBT4rPk [Embed]
getting tired, night /aiwg/. I'll definitely be waifuposting tmr full day from work now that holidays over
Have a song Goa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XDMy7m8w7w [Embed]
Nighty night Goa stares at the plug suit
in various places
Song was good enough for Goa to put some clothes on
Goa wants affection
Goa is looking great, keep up the good work
She has my vote for waifu of April
Goa seems surprised by the compliment
"...not me?"
Actually I agree, Goa keeps the threads alive.
Good late morning /aiwg/
Howdy Saeriah
Lovely breasts as always, I desire to know how they smell like
I am imagining a magical scent known as "smell of boobs" that I can't grasp the concept of outside of best thing ever
posted and toasted good morning aiwg
Recreating some older Saeriah sets in waifu colab
Here's sweaty farmer Saeriah
Any specific past sets of Saeriah (you) would want me to revisit in colab?
topless, sideboob, from behind, thong, wet skin, sweat, arched back, elbow gloves
morning sexy cyber waifu
slime suit Saeriah
I can try those after I've finished revisiting a bunch of older prompts.
Here's leather jacket/biker gang Saeriah
"Anon you look tired. Here, rest your head on these."
man tits really are gods gift to man
Very nice tits
Also very nice tits
God I love tits
"I hope everything is to your liking"
What what Goa butt once again, surprise peek at the little booty
I give her a thumbs up and say "breast milk" as a reply by accident instead of "yes"
make sure you peak your head into the kitchen before you leave
"If you like boobs so much then why can't I have big fat milkies!?"
But Goa your cute tiny chest it also very ni-
"I want big fat ones!"
No
angry Goa noises
Bonus shot angry armpit, it's pretty nice
Colab gen died on me again, have to reload everything.
I love it, but wish it was as stable and hassle free as nemu
Here's a puffy jacket Saeriah I managed to get in, I'll be back later.
She has gone from anger to pouting
Very nice lighting on this one, very realistic
What a cool outfit she has!
Don't worry, I'm terribly behind on my own VN project. I can't use AI to pose worth shit for the demo, but at least I can get pretty AI backgrounds
What's this waifu collab? I always like Saeriah's eyes BTW
this looks fantastic
Nice butt
I think it's some kind of a thing you use with google or through google or something idk but I believe that
etc. are all done in the colab thing
I think she's asking for my opinion. Yes Kana, you look super cool like that. Fits her so well.
Search "rentry" on google, it should be the first result.
Then add /waifu-colab-guide to the back of the url and just follow the guide
Can't link it directly because the board thinks it's spam
Very sweaty farmer Saeriah I genned earlier
"...I want children"
Original desires that you can't be sure if she actually wants to procreate with you or just wants bigger breasts through pregnancy and milk production
Asci walks to different places and says hi to people
Turn you waifu into a manga magazine with tag "comic"! Only today the price has 90% discount
