I love when FTM regret becoming troons
That man (female) mogs me to hell amd back btw. I'm literally worthless.
Honestly both pics are hot as he'll bro wtf
99 percent of detrans posters are ftm
being a dickless manlet isnt that great
WTF you drank the demoralization juice
don't drink that
Most are trenders or yaoi AAPs
Being a dicklet manlet is not that much better desu
Why? I wasn't planning on massively contributing to society or doing a mass shooting anyway.
Norah Vincent did a documentary years ago where she turned herself into a man cause she thought it would be easy. comes to find out it broke her mind so bad she got blackpilled and committed suicide. FTM has the highest rate of detransitioning dont it? its like their world comes crashing down when they realize being a woman is far easier 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tL6L59arYm4 [Embed]
She also didn't believe that transgender people were the sex that they identified as though.
You can still have all the same beliefs and be ugly, but if you're positive about them and have a good attitude then you can get your dick sucked by hot chicks.
Same. It's like divine punishment. You're born with the power to enchant men and live on easy, but you decide to become a dirty little goblin with a hotdog for a penis.I can sort of under MTF faggots, but FTM? That takes heavy insanity combined with the sort of idiocy only a woman could have.
FTM? That takes heavy insanity combined with the sort of idiocy only a woman could have.
yes, it is very difficult to become FTM if you are a man
Right. That's because FTM is just another term for "delusional female". 
Do you wanna play more stupid semantic games? You're a foid that cut her tits off; I don't think you have anything to talk about aside from the various septic smells you experience between your bedroom and the hospital.
I would like to play stupid semantic games!
I was born a man, and you're an idiot.
Anonymous, you were born a child, not a man...
Maybe you were born a child.
I don't care about getting blown though (unlikely it would happen anyway) I just wanted to be pretty.
Go to brazil and get surgery then. Whatever
born with female genitalia
"I'm a guy!" 
You argue like a woman; your entire existence is a literal semantic game that every other person is forced to play right now. 
I'm a man so I'm a man, so if someone says I'm not a man? Huh, idiot, I'm obviously man! 
What age to "FTM" cattroonies end up killing themselves anyway? Can't be soon enough.
Yes, nobody is born as an adult.
I was born fully formed from my mother's womb, beard and all. Totally wrecked that pussy on my way out.
How come FtM always pass so much better than MtF?
pretty men are just girls
Any actual examples? I'm genuinely curious.
Ryan Barnes on YouTube 
https://youtu.be/duY4lCfGZSA [Embed]
That takes heavy insanity combined with the sort of idiocy only a woman could have.
Females trooning is the epitome of foid arrogance and ignorance, they see themselves as such victims that they think trooning out wll make them feel better, only to find out that they now must live as dicklet manlets with a feminne frame. Not to mention hairlines, they naively trully believe that trooning will turn them into chad or an adorable twink, but instead they become a less manly version of their father, it is almost poetic
I'm so over this tranny shit. I identify as a rich handsome tall muscular man, but my body is not quite that (other than being a man) and I need to transition. Where's my support group and parade?
Norah Vincent did a documentary years ago
She was also normal height for a man.
