Have you ever had a girl online like you before she saw a picture of you?
Yes. A lot of them. It always ended shortly after she saw a picture of me.
Reverse actually, I've had them all lose interest in me when they see how young and boyish I look despite being 29.
yes, a lot of times
only 2 or 3 of them felt the disgusting experience of seeing my face though
I liked my e-bf before I saw a picture of him and it turns out he's hot
Yes, I was talking to a girl on one of them shitty games and she wanted to meet me, we met up and played pool and have a drink, she was really nice, but I couldn't carry on with her because she had a boyfriend
Where did you meet?
Where did you meet those girls?
What would you do if he was just average looking or below?
yeah a few times. luckily they also liked my picture. but i get ghosted eventually anyway
on r9k ofc
Did they just say to your face you're ugly?
they were nice enough to not comment anything about it
I usually show my face first couple messages and I've never had a girl think I was outright ugly. they usually have something good to say about my appearance even though I'm no chad, lean more towards the youthful twink side. even at 26 I have a babyface so it's easy to find 19 year old egirls who think I'm the cutest guy ever though I'm your average black weeb.
How you know they found you ugly then?
There's no way on earth cute 19 year old egirls are into black guys lmao. Post proof
you don't have to believe me but it happens.
i've never had a girl like me period. I couldn't even get friendzoned, i couldn't even get a female collegue. it's like we're talking in different languages
Something similar. I told her my height (5'10) and she ghosted. Literally no response and she never talked to me again.
Things like that stick with you.
losing it over this bro
that's the only way girls have ever liked me online
because they implied so many times
i dont wanna go too much into details, but its obvious by their reactions whenever you comment on your own appearance
It's the opposite for me, I've had women like me after seeing my face.
Then I scare them away with my countless mental illnesses and low self-esteem.
Many times, the one particularly of note was someone who was like 25 at the time and I was 16, but the former didn't know that and assumed I was something like 25 myself
I was basically posting on a forum and used many big words, mostly to mock people.
Yes, e-girls tend to throw themselves at me when I put myself out there. For them I think it's a mix of daddy issues and the emotional impulse to "fix" me.
Yes. I was fucking around on omegle and bumped into her. Didn't want to show my face, she assumed the worst and said "if you're just here to show me your dick, get it over with". Thought fuck it and did. She actually liked the size, we masturbated together and carried on talking and exchanged contact. She saw my face, still liked me but eventually due to being too busy and time differences we drifted away and she eventually stopped replying. God her pushy looked good.
Don't take it to heart, you're tall
My bf from here is 5'9 and I'm really content with it, he's a lot taller than me
Maybe the bitch you spoke to was tall as fuck or something and was insecure about it, otherwise idk she should kill herself, I'm sorry Anon
A few but the most memorable ones
There were a few more but it was usually fleeting. Also, everyone ghosted me when they realized how ugly I am behind the computer
I don't show pics of myself, though I have had people lose interest when hearing my voice. I've also had a few suddenly gain interest so idk I guess it's a coinflip.
retard pick me, girls are allowed to be attracted to what they want
It's the opposite for me. They don't like me until they see a picture of me and then they become really nice.
No, I'm socially isolated even online. I'm a literal hermit. Maybe I hate people too much.
This. I only talk to anons on 4chan
Yeah, pretty much this. It always disgusts me and makes me not want to talk to them anymore. It lets me know in an instant they're two-faced.
I added a girl I met on a 4chan discord. She was into me and acted excited about me, especially after I told her my height (6'1). I showed her my picture and she gave a really cold "you look nice haha" and kept giving late one word replies after. She unfriended 2 weekslater 
I think it was because I am black
Why would you try to find a gf on 4chan if you're black lmao
it's happened a few times, but most of them were underage. I guess I attract teenagers. my picture doesn't change anything, I look decent enough not to make them lose interest, but not good enough to get someone interested in me that wasn't before seeing me. at least I think so, not like I spread pictures of myself around. who knows, maybe I'm secretly super handsome.
things with these girls never went anywhere for obvious reasons (they're underage, it's online, they're from different countries/continents, I'm a mentally ill neet shutin).
Yeah, I bonded with a girl online through - try not to laugh - Pokemon fan fiction. I became really extremely good at writing it, she became appreciative of it, then became an outright fangirl, we started texting and connected.
She eventually offered to visit my city and even discussed how she would have sex with me, in great detail, when I was a clueless virgin. Was a slightly chubby but still cute redhead with Irish heritage. 
She had no idea how I looked and I had no choice but to eventually ghost her out of fear of being rejected and ridiculed once we meet up IRL. She had no idea who I really was, a skinny virgin.
yep, picture = instablock. fml
Never had a single female friend on discord that lasted longer than a week. It's actually impossible, I don't even know where I would look. They don't exist
This whole thread proves that the incels are not incels because of their personalities
Many such cases.
I highly doubt she's interested at all
yes, it kinda upsets me lowkey because i cant comprehend that someone would genuinely like me for me.
Normies agree with blackpillers now
