What's the trick to finding and physically being with BPD girls irl?
I've only ever found them online and they're fun. I never minded the doxxing. I'm actually depressed enough now I'm ready to die, so I'd like a month of a very intense high stakes relationship before I commit suicide.
I useed to hit my ex sometimes would u be ok with physical abuse
How did you find them online?
Act like an outspoken turboincel and one might skirt along with a savior complex
if you're a girl then yes, but also I will hit you back unlike him so I hope you are ready for some violent chokefucking
You don't want one. It's worse than being incel.
You're not even with someone desu because their identity is fake and how they feel about you changes on a dime. If you were too nice to a 60 year old ethnic waitress you'll get yelled at for a few hours when you get home.
I am also BPD. It will work.
Sounds hot. lowkey used to like it when he would yell back lmao
drop discord then, I've got time and money to spare and can meet you anywhere in the world
Well maybe wait in the lounge of a therapist/counselling office. Try to make small talk about your mental illness and connect with one that has BPD.
that sounds romantic af but I also have a nervousness disorder that makes it impossible to approach people irl so I have to do it in text first
i've fucked and dated multiple bpd girls irl
step 1. dress like an emo chad (think machine gun kelly)
step 2. be emotionally distant, ignore her texts for hours, make her think you're fucking other girls
step 3. act confident and vaguely dangerous, act like it's inevitable that she's gonna have sex with you, tell stories (or lies) about various minor crimes you've committed (think theft, drugs, vandalism)
step 4. don't fall in love no matter what, or else you will lose the ability to lie and project a false image (which you'll be doing if you're A. on 4chan and B. following steps 1-3)
step 5. make her think you're falling in love, these girls love to think that they're fixing you and that they've broken through your tough exterior, but don't actually commit to them. keep stringing them along with the idea that you might commit in the near future
step 0: actually find a BPD girl
I found one back in college. They will at the very least emotionally destroy you.
autistic bpd girls that are immature but wholesome like pic rel are literally 10/10
they're all over tinder and bumble. if you're too ugly or too retarded to use dating apps, go to local music shows and look for girls dressed like they're looking for attention (they are)
picrel is a screen from a bpd girl i was fucking for a little while
Yea i kinda hate those who don't get help like wtf and don't come at me I got bpd. It destroys yourself and others never maintaining relationships and friendship for long. That's why i go to a therapist and take medicine cause I don't want to be the bitch that screams all day and gets angry out of nowhere
not funny made me cry
machine gun kelly
dont listen to this guy
one of the most popular zoomer musicians is unattractive to zoomer women
have sex and then come tell me what gets bitches
Why not look for online forums for people with BPD?
I assumed you wanted to meet some irl?
What's the trick to finding and physically being with BPD girls irl?
oops sorry anon
thats a real person btw i used to talk to her
People still use forums?
BPD is wholesome af if you never cross them or admit that you don't love them
