I LOVE BEING A TRANNY
I LOVE BEING SOFT AND DELICATE AND CUDDLY
I LOVE WHEN BOYS PLAY WITH MY LONG HAIR
man becomes woman to love himself
many such cases
Attention to all cuties in the thread, please expose bobs and buttpussy
SOFT AND DELICATE
Don't women have an extra layer to their skin that makes it softer than males?
why are anime girl heads so big
Based, I love cute tgirls.
Guys that are just gay and like the feminine aesthetic are quite lovely. 
Trannies come packaged with delusion and trouble at multiple severe levels. 
Femboys are the true ultimate. Trannies are the fallen.
I'd rather be fallen and have boobs, than be a femboy and go bald in a couple years tbdesu.
Flabby gynecomastia
Boobs
Trannies are truly a poison to the LGB community. Every femboy i've spoken too somehow still manage to look for feminine and cute than trannies. Might be the lack of severe mental illness.
They could wear a wig, for example. See, the big thing is that femboys/fags aren't completely fucking delusional; it wouldn't be ideal (for all the reasons of male aging), but I could at least have a more genuine relationship with one than a lunatic that things HRT and surgery magically dispels growing up with an XY chromosome. 
Your septic gash and fake, lopsided titties will always just remind someone that you're not a female, but a self-destroyed male. 
Let's be honest for like two seconds: You're disgusting and pathetic, and we both know that at a very primal level. You're loser that wants to pretend to be a girl for attention and acceptance that you couldn't get as a boy. You'll always just be an exotic masturbation toy for anyone that actually wants to be near you.
But mental illness makes sex with girls that much better, Anon~
Lmao, ah yes, being bald, the ultimate defining characteristic of femininity, let's be real for a second, hrt is so good that chances are a lot of the femboy you follow are secretly on it, men cannot get the same round and full butt and thighs we have, because their body won't redistribute fat there, they'll forever be plagued by body hair, their hair won't be as healthy as ours, our skin is softer and more sensitive, and we have boobs that can lactate, not to mention they'll age as men, while being on hrt forever means we are aging as women, there is literally no competition, you can keep on seething.
i luv being a trann-ACK!
Whatever you need to tell yourself until your inevitable suicide. My point is you're not a female, and I'm absolutely correct.
Women age like shit in the first place what kind of a cope is this?
and we have boobs that can lactate
lol barely.
t. has never went outside
Men lose collagen faster and get wrinkles.
That's a cope.
I mog most women so I am pretty happy about it, and I am a trans woman, so you're wrong.
Whatever you have to tell yourself. Trannies are so delusional it's insane.
tom cruz got so much plastic surgery lol fuck off
does your ass smell like a soft cute bubble girls butt? or just like a sweaty mens ass
Mog most women
What the fuck kind of cope is this? Post a pic of yourself and let's see then. Or is this just another example or tranny delusions?
I'll do it if you beg for it, I promise I will~
The same exact picture every single time
Have you tried looking at your parents?
You will never look like an anime girl, you will always look like an ugly man.
Yes. Funny cause my dad is 10 years older than my mom and still looks better. Also he is white and she is asian. Women just age like shit, even if their from races that "age well"
it smells like lavender soap
Hapa
ITS OVER
Remember that trans women never undergo menopause, assuming they pass, they stay pretty for longer.
I have a gf. Luckily I got my dads genes for height and didn't turn out to be a chink manlet. I'm 5'11 and look asian enough to kpop max, haven't had any issues.
The only hope for for passing is starting HRT before or during the early stages of puberty. Other than that it's over, especially as you age. It catches up you just end up looking like AGP hons.
I was allowed to start at 22 but I am still pretty happy with my looks desu, I don't get confused for a man, and it's only going to get better from now on.
it's only going to get better from now on
she doesnt know :(
Elaborate, do so in an original way, mind you.
The only hope for for passing is starting HRT before or during the early stages of puberty.
If that does end up happening, though, it means they were groomed by their pedophile parents and most likely bullied during their childhood, so any benefits they might gain from that get overshadowed by the severe mental trauma
Sad, I couldn't get the chud to beg, oh well...
Tranny posters are a dime a dozen. Do you really think you're that special and attractive?
Absolutely, I derailed a thread whose original subject was women having to leave this board a few days ago by posting just the lower half of my face, there is nothing wrong about being aware of one's qualities.
Not a mental illness
post sox
Yea because the only thing people hate more on this board than women is trannies. Your not special.
I said so already, mental illnesses make the pussy taste that much sweeter.
I dunno Anon, everyone seemed pretty happy about it =w=
What's that?
I don't personally hates transgender people. But i do think they are not well. In the same way I see someone with any other unfortunate issue. I just don't like how much it's spammed and how much of it is pushed onto people. Especially children, and the attempt to change the whole meaning of gender and force pronouns. I dont really care. Not by that much. But i do think what's going on isnt that great either. Wish you guys the best.
socks but with a different spelling
That's really quite sweet.
I'm happy for you, Anon.
But I am not wearing any, I like keeping my toes free .-.
And also it's getting really warm here.
oh well
unless you'd post yourself specifically not wearing them... worth a try
No it's the opposite, women have thinner skin with less layers that is way less tough, which is why it feels softer.
Are your tranny feet stinky?
Gross. You deserve death, filth.
i luv being a tran-ACK!
You could literally be all of those things without calling yourself a woman
