honestly
we're both autistic, but he was a bit more antisocial. I was trouble for my teachers, but i felt bad ever truly upsetting them. He made a sport of making his teachers cry or even fucking with their irl lives, and never showed any remorse .
he was older and growing up, he never wanted to play games where anyone except him were having fun. if anyone got close to winning he would nullify all rules, remake the rules, or make up a complaint and quit the game. Many times I tried to find fun stuff for the two of us to do and he ruined it by changing it to where noone but him was allowed to enjoy themselves. 
I had many interests but he never noticed any of them. now talking to me as a temporary NEET he will say "oh yeah, i saw your neetdom coming from miles away. you never had any real interests or dreams in life"
I did. he is just too antisocially autistic to have ever even noticed. Many times i would finally start gaining a social group or start feeling comfortable at school, or in an activity, and he would suddenly join it and seemingly purposefully shit all over it. he also did this with most of my hobbies. 
I wasnt diagnosed as autistic til later in life, so he got free passes as kids all the time. When i was younger and smaller, he was able to do whatever r he wanted and treat me like garbage and even injured me a couple times doing crazy shit and got a free pass on it. as soon as i was strong enough to defend myself, all of a sudden its "trashy" to get in fights, and hes telling my parents and they use the autism card. I'm constantly the bad guy even though im the only one who ever had empathy. He got his way with everything and i never ever did. paired with having a crazy mom, I have terrible emotional problems now and the only way im able to have relationships is if i am on drugs or at least heavily "medicated".
He makes a joke of me having the issues ive had in life and says he has no idea why i have so many problems. despite being intelligent, good looking, having a likeable energy, etc. the joke has been on me from the start, i have always been on the losing end of everything by design and everyone, esp the people who have treated me the shittiest in life, not just family, lament the very most that they have no idea whats wrong with me- and treat me like a second class citizen now that their bullshit took its toll. 
this life is bullshit.
lmao youre such a pussy. literally just ignore him and get on with your life you whining faggot.
but let me guess, female or trans?
Move out and stop speaking to him. I'm 28 and I don't talk to my 26 year old lil bro except at family gatherings. Yesterday was his bday and I didn't even text him. I don't give a shit about him he's a piece of crap that's treated me like shit for years and I don't have to eat it anymore. He's never going to change or stop acting like he's better than me the only way I can stand him is in very very small doses and I'm happier this way. You need to do the same
fuck all this shit just fight the faggot. literally just sneak up on him and sucker punch him. throw a vase or some shit at him too for good measure. the only thing he will understand is violence, that's the only way he will leave you alone. might as well, what do you have to lose that you haven't already? just fucking deck him in the face and stop being a bitch, you are in full control.
only violence can put these niggers in place
ive tried to fight him and he literally calls the police man. when i was a kid he constantly was beating me up or injuring me. as soon as as i hit puberty and became bigger than him then Its 'trashy' to fight and he starts screaming like a woman and dialing 911 the moment he senses violence. hes sucha bitch that the only way i think the universe will ever be right is if he troons out. but hes a looksmaxxer getting tons of surgeries so that he can look "alpha" (lol) so i doubt that he will ever realize what he is and troon out.
kill yourself, i got my license suspended and i live in hell, having to be nice to him to get rides.
If this is a real problem, I hope you get tortured and sliced piece by piece alive to feel what a real problem is, you stupid faggot. And btw, your license got suspended because you're a retard, only a retard could get his license suspended. Even your brother still has his license. Fuck off!
he needs a long overdue ass kicking
you caused him to be this way anon. nobody ever put him in his place. you fucking faggot.
i know you are trolling, but can you not be kinder to your fellow man? I think we need to start treating each other better instead of the bootstraps preachings. again, im aware im taking this way too seriously but it's a hard world out there. not a lot of places where people give a shit about men and this needs to change.
Op you are seriously retarded in a wat that makes people just feel contempt
That sucks Anon. Sometimes I wish I weren't an only child, but reading things like this, I'm glad I didn't have any siblings. I hate how assholes and pricks usually get further in life despite their shittiness while kindness is not rewarded. Hopefully you can cut contact with him one day and start healing from all the bullshit that happened in your childhood.
really sucks, shame this is our reality.
no point in being kind to someone who ruins other people's lives and acts like a jackass
You're a born cuck
i was referring to being kind to OP, and not his brother.
agree desu
