You should try going to church sometime instead of constantly consooooming, it's good therapy yo be bit less crazy from isolation. 
Jesus is based savior of everyone
i reject your offer since i am the antichrist
Turning off your mind to let in bullshit is the same no matter if it's a Family Guy Blu Ray or a fable book of a violent slaver culture.
I do, my church is awesome and I love the people in it. I'm not sure I really fit in that well, but I'm grateful that they've allowed me to stay.
i have been here for a very long time where i met Christ himself.
it was there i licked his blood off the ground and was cured. it was then i realized the son of God before me
Why would I not go to a mosque instead?
Because Jesus Christ is the way, the truth and the life.
I'm going to go to church soon, I'm fed up with this fucking coomer lifestyle.
Any tips on how to join the church/meet people? I have social anxiety and idk how to go to them..do i just walk in? Do I wait for a special church event for *newcoomers* (omegalul)
Please provide evidence for your claim
Yup! greet the people at the door, and attend service. if you have questions you can ask people afterwards and become a member at some point if you want.
Why would entire groups of people hate him so fervently, were he not real?
Why do celebrities thank God for their accomplishments, but never Christ?
Not to mention he saved me from alcoholism and a life of sin.
He is knocking on your door anon. Answer it.
not that anon but how do you go about getting baptised
Talk to the pastor after service, and tell him that you want to get baptized. Typically at one of the services they'll have a baptism during it.
Just don't be afraid to ask.
Why would entire groups of people hate him so fervently, were he not real? 
I never said he's not real. Prove how he is "the way the truth and the life"
Why do celebrities thank God for their accomplishments, but never Christ? 
God and Christ are the same according to Christianity
Allah saved lots of people from the same, does that mean Islam is right?
Allah does not save people, he enslaves them.
Allah only gives people temporary power in this world, but not the next, because he is a servant of satan.
Jesus Christ is the only way to eternal life, and is the son of God. He is God in the flesh, but there is also the Father and the holy spirit.
Not sure what your opinion of Allah has to do with anything but ok. So far you haven't presented a single reason for why I shouldn't go to a mosque and you haven't proved your claims about Jesus.
But, but Jesus was just an obscure jewish preacher that died 2000 years ago, anon
Remember Jesus saved everyone on the cross forever
Or you could go to actual therapy. Church is just boring, despite the cool aesthetics of some old churches.
Even your mom?
8 seconds
Church blows and fixes nothing. Jesus gives zero shit about you or anyone else. There the people there are fucking loud too many of them and again not a single one of them give a shit about you.
Yes of course and u too
Wow! Jesus died for me too?! That's some good news, where can I find more information??
I believe in a savior that requires nothing to be saved.
You don't even have to know who the savior is or their story.
Everyone is just saved thanks to ??? because they ??? way past heaven and into Godrealm.
I do go to church once per week. Still no connection with God.
The scribblings of a few guys that wrote personal interpretations of what they experienced years after the guy died.
Literally no where else. Roman authority with meticulous record-keeping have zero entries on "today we killed that demi-god that was causing all that trouble". Pontius Pilate was never recorded by anyone (outside the gospels) as interacting on any level with someone named Jesus or Yeshua. He absolutely did fuck with Jews because he hated those little buggers.
Weird that the biggest history-changing event in the world had only four guys witness it and then write down conflicting reports on it 40+ years after it happened. Weird how the supreme creator of the universe let that shit go by mostly unnoticed and not surrounded by literate eyewitnesses who could inform everyone right away. It's only his own demi-god superhero son, no big deal.
The simple truth of the matter is that in America, you're free to go to a mosque and pray. This is good, because you'll be able to see the difference between a prayer to Jesus and a prayer to Allah yourself.
All churches here are controlled by corrupt and degenerate politicians
Normie churches kind of suck. There should be Internet Church.
How did Jesus and his disciples deceive so many people? Why were they so good at it? Was it the left-leaning ideology appealing to the masses?
food dupe hax
