I have good looks. Despite that, I've always been alone my whole life looking for one person to marry. Never wanted multiple partners. Always had 10/10s approach me, but I turned them down. I regret it. Well anyways, had turned 28 and figured it wasn't meant to be. I no longer care about marriage and no longer believe love is real so I fucked a married milf. Was good, but sex is overrated. Like I'm gonna fuck her some more, but I no longer see it as some special shit to do with someone you "love" because to me that "lover" doesn't exist. After years of searching, I gave up. I just wish I gave up sooner so I could have enjoyed milf pussy sooner. Kind of depressed over all the wasted years I spent waiting for a person that doesn't even exist.
I found a loving pure wholesome KHHV gf on /r9k/ without even being good-looking. I can't believe there are so many retards with ezmode genetics here who somehow think they can't find a decent girl for themselves IRL or online, and many of them just become used goods themselves.
I found a loving pure wholesome KHHV gf on /r9k/
What's wrong with her?
Nothing. And if you're like OP you could find an amazing girl too very easily if you had more than 100 IQ.
I haven't tried to meet people from 4chan IRL in years.
The worst thing about finding a girl here is they all have countless options and they're generally very superficial, so if you're not hot, you're generally fucked. But if you are, you have lots of chances at getting a gf here.
No self-respecting virgin girl would date you but there are other girls on here.
I'm handsome but over 30 and under 6 ft tall
yeah bro wholesome and pure khhv girls like you are here on r9k
bruh stop complaining you have good genes
just be smart, bro
yeah that's right bro. They have other options and you can't get a gf like me because you're not hot
Genocide avatarfags.
That's fine lol. Face is 99% of what matters for male attractiveness.
You don't have to be smart, just don't be a complete fucking retard who can't bother to try online and/or you can't date below your looksmatch. Online requires you to be considerably attractive in most cases, but not always.
You only refuted one of four points terribly while mentioning the most retarded way you could possibly date, mentioning that you just need to "be attractive bro" when you do it. Truly, the most intelligent normalnigger and avatarfag /r9k/ has ever seen.
Are you genuinely retarded? I'm saying OP should be able to easily find a GF online since he's attractive. If you're not, then you have to try IRL. You aren't allowed to complain if you have good genes, btw.
how tf you guys find gfs when the odds of them living even in the same state as you are very low and maybe are not even american
