Welcome back, it's been a week.
We discuss the importance of inexperience in our partners, why we value it, how we found or want to find a virgin and share advice on doing so.
Previous thread: >>72991789 
sex with natalie imbruglia? perhaps in 1997?
to be quite honest as much as i want a virgin they also come with drawbacks. Even if you do everything right, even if you share first times, even if you make her feel good and communicate and make her orgasm from the first time to the last, at the end of the day she is still a woman. She will feel left out because she hasnt ridden the cock carousel like her friends or the girls on tiktok. Her monkey branching instincts might come out anyway, even if you do everything right, and she will say 
because most modern women are incapable of being happy or grateful with what they have. At the end of the day though, virgins are still superior, but i cant help but be demoralized at the sight of modern women.
Asked this in another thread as well but
I want to be all of these for an attractive woman. I'm a 19 year old attractive dude so for the love of God, tell me what I need to do.
Women, would you want your bf to be a virgin?
I'd prefer my potential gf to be, because I know for sure she won't have any STDs and she knows I won't.
Also the idea of sharing each others first is a nice fantasy I know would never happen any ways. But it's nice to think about.
I'm a normie and this would actually make me flip my lid. I would demand a name change or divorce.
the first time she holds a man's hand
If she worthy of the other two, this wont be possible because she's held hands with her father. Accept that.
These two are easily possible. Christian girl or someone who is sheltered/wary about sex and love.
Brutal
devestating
obliteration
If ur curious about OP's reddit pic, they ended up getting divorced. Not much detail besides that.
yeah, I like virgin men the most lol
I would just get a divorce, what kind of sick mind names HER son with HER husband like HER FIRST LOVE. It's so fucked up i would just leave her
Oh, I don't care about relatives, so that's fine.
I will literally pay money for good advice on how to find someone like this
a name change won't help. you can't unlearn the fact that she did that, and her ex is still in her head.
it's immediate divorce. i'd kick her out the same day.
you didn't kiss your dad on the lips or tell him you loved him? anyway even in the literal sense a girl's first love is her father.
You would have to consider on top of that if the boy even IS your son.
Once upon a time it was 4chan. Now it's more niche areas. I have had several girls like this either as friends who I have set up with people or partners myself. 
You're looking for niche hobbies and forums; Neopets, Warrior Cats (the book series), DeviantArt. Basically find the people who are so ingrained in their hobbies and interests they don't have time to explore sexuality.
Actually, yea you're right. Any girl worth her salt will have her dad as her first love.
I don't care about relatives, my dumbass just forgot that I probably needed to specify that.
What's the appeal and why?
I've met plenty of women who prefer a man with experience and maybe I'm an idiot for being honest up front about it.
Warrior Cats? I read that series as a child, it still has a fanbase? Damn.
That aside, thank you, I'll look into those. If you actually want payment for the advice in case it actually works or if you're just interested in knowing if I succeed, I don't mind dropping my IG or whatever. (+I guess I'd love to hear more about how you'd approach this, you seem to know some stuff about this)
I don't have IG but if you wanna swing a discord sure, honestly I'm happy to give advice and help you navigate to this goal. 
As weird as it sounds, this is what I enjoy doing. If I could find a way to get paid for being a life coach I would haha. Short of that, helping people achieve happiness is the next best thing
Discord, eh?
Mustard#1863 
Been looking for someone like you.
you very much could. I think all you need at most is a certificate from an agency.
oh my...
Well allow me to ask for help, where would someone find such an agency?
