The reason I won't date anyone from here is because every man here is a dishonest arrogant piece of shit that treats me like crap. Yes I'm overweight, that doesn't give you a right to treat me like any less of a person. Furthermore I could end this so called endless loneliness of yours. But you fucking moid scrotes just have so much fucking pride and you aren't willing to admit that you're desperate and that you'll take anyone.
So if you want to be alone with your oh-so-precious pride, be my fucking guest. Fuck you incels for your shitty attitude, you DESERVE to be alone.
I swear to god, if you fuckers reply to this seriously....
F U OBESE ROASTOID !!!
Oh they won't. It'll be the same 5-10 replies of moids screeching about how I'm an attention whore and that there's "no such thing as a real femcel" or some shit. And then cry about how nobody loves them even though theres literally a woman who would but they just don't care because I'm not stacey.
See?
Bb suk my cock I gie u one dorra becuz u cheap skank
SORRY OBESE ROASTOID.........BUT I AM BLONDE STAcY ONLY !!!
Jokes on you!
I've just been here so much since I got saddled with nearly a month of midnight shifts at work, so antagonizing folks here helps kill the time.
EWWWWWWWWWW. If I'm not fat why the fuck should I date down?
You're so fat you thought the moon was a roll of cheese and tried to eat it
People have pride here?
Maybe I'm a little unusual in the sense of not caring about weight or disrespecting the overweight, but regardless, I'm pretty sure plenty of folks here are pretty open about how they are desperate and would take anyone
Also I doubt every man here even knows who you are or has interacted with you at all but whatev
Also Chad only, obviously
The "good morality" of men everyone. The same men who screech about how shallow women are. And how no woman will ever love them. Are here and actively reject me because I'm not stacey and I'm fat. Literally judging me for my appearance the same way they've been judged.
Biggest hypocrites in the world.
There are no true incels on this board. Only volcels who CHOOSE to be single.
I'm pretty sure plenty of folks here are pretty open about how they are desperate and would take anyone
Oh, you'd think that wouldn't you? I've talked with them you know? One on one in discord. They're not nearly as lonely as you think. Just a bunch of fucking liars. They can get women, they CHOOSE to be single because of their shit attitude. And I feel no sympathy for their own SELF INFLICTED loneliness.
Imagine saying this unironically and actually believing it. If you think every woman on the planet only dates chad then you're not living in reality.
Cry me a river of melted butter you inflated, bloated ball of oily grease, i love being alone, I'm better than everyone, i can do anything, I'm perfect and glorious, a god amongst men.
You are fat, that's all you are.
Fat and obese and overweight.
How fat are we talking here anon? It matters
Shut up you fat slut. The reason you are such a blob is because you literally can't stop sucking dick. Now bow down to my manly prowess, you ginormous cock-slave. And suck this dick like your life depended on it. 
If you have trouble with the taste imagine my cock is an ice cream cone. You can even call me the ice cream man when I cum in your mouth if you so choose, pretend it's whipped cream. Yeah! You fat filthy fucking whore.
Obviously some dudes are like that, but I doubt all of those here are like that or that you've even talked to all of them in the first place
Also of course there are no true incels - because men can always theoretically just make more effort in order to perform the ridiculously high standards modern women have for men in terms of looks, personality, and masculine gendie rolls. But after a certain point, it just gets so exhausting doing all that for an external motivation when guys can instead crave just being accepted without that bullshit effort. So many will give up even if it means being "vol cel" technically
Also "Chad only" certainly isn't the uniform norm. But its becoming more normalized. Look at the boomers and xers and one can see plenty of pairings with undesirable males. But with youmger folks, women's standards go up and up even as men's standards become more inclusive of a greater diversity in women. At least women's standards for looks, personality, and status - though they are also willing to compromise on basic decency and loyalty, increasingly deciding it is better to share Chads than to have modern normies or unattractive guys all for themselves
You're so fat when Elon shot his rocket into space and failed the next best destination was you
bro i think you might just have a repressed fat fetish
You're so fat you heat up the microwave and eat it
being fat is not just a physical trait you were born with, it says a lot about who you are as a person (lazy and gluttonous)
You're so fat that when they filmed your episode of my 600 pound life you couldn't fit into the screen
I don't really care about how fat you are. I've seen people I know in the happiest relationships of their lives with women who are twice their weight. What matters to me is if your personality is worthwhile, and we click on an intellectual and emotional level. What matters is if we "get" each other. Whether at the end of our lives, when our bodies are decaying and we're slowly returning to stardust, if in those twilight years we still feel the same way for each other as when we first started dating. A romance like that is what I desire, appearances are only secondary to that.
She's so fat instead of replying she's going to sad eat a whole fridge worth of diabetes.
You're so fucking fat that when a guy asked you for a date night you thought it meant eating a tub of pitted dates
You're so fat that you can fit the Nile into one of your small sized sipping cups
I grew up as a fat kid and it left me with some very blatant animosity towards fatness in general. The experience crippled, hindered and ruined me in many ways growing up
You're such a fat tub of combustible lard that when the grocery cashier asked you if that is all, you said no and cleared out the whole store
Overweight women are worthless. No bump for u. You have enough bumps, lumps, and rolls.
I already have an obese femcel I call when I am horny. How are you any better? I anm interested. I am not one to count out anyone (unless they have downs)
Kek, river of melted butter
Stealing that thnx
How fat are we talking here?
Your so fat when someone tells you to eat a bullet you do it literally
It's OK, anon. I got a hot latina zoomer gf from this board a while back and had a nice relationship with her where we mostly did drugs and cuddled and watched anime and did sex stuff in hotels (my apartment at the time was covered in trash and I didn't want her to see it, although she ended up showing up there one day anyway and helping me clean it).
I wouldn't mind fat girls either but she was inexplicably normal weight and very attractive.
Was more just looking for any girl at all but I guess maybe the kinds who are comfortable enough with themselves to take up a random anon's gf begging request might end up being hotter because uglier girls would be too self-conscious about guys using them as easy sex.
A lot of guys don't care about looks much at all though and just want a girlfriend.
Why don't you look around you at the replies to this thread? Everyone is basically treating me like a subhuman for being fat.
What matters to me is if your personality is worthwhile
Oh yeah, the personality meme. Of men here who claim to be into video games and anime, and say they'd do anything for a gamer girl. And as soon as I send them pictures of myself immediately ghost because I'm too fucking fat apparently.
If you're not just bullshitting about romance, it sounds nice in theory. I wish people could see me for who I am and not how I look. I'd do anything for someone who could just see the real me.
I've grown up fat all my life too. Before I got fat people treated me nice. And now people barely even look at me when I pass them on the street. Literally invisible to everyone. No one here understands what that's like.
Overweight women are worthless
You finally say the quiet part out loud.
Maybe they should fucking act like it instead of acting super pompous for no reason and being assholes. Despite the memes, I don't find it hot when people are jerks to me. It just makes me fucking mad.
You're so fat you ate all the replies
Some people have been shitty to you for being fat but not everyone has. I certainly don't condone fatphobia. And it looks like you got some other dude there too, who is interested in you depending on your personality.
Incels keep telling you that looks are your personality yet normies just shrug that off as dangerous rhetoric. You are only getting a taste of it. Your world would change if you lost weight again then what? Would you go back to shitting on people like you now that you are seen as hot? I am open to talking to you either way
Weight is something that can change.
I'm not going to pretend I find larger women attractive, but I would still date one, as long as she's willing to invest in her own health and accompany me to the gym.
So, yes, I would date a fat girl. But I wouldnt date a girl that wishes to remain fat.
But we all know you dont even have a hymen so whatever.
OR just stop huffing up pizzas??
not that hard
I love you OP. Please spit on me and call me a degenerate.
Sorry you're having bad experiences with guys, anon. That sounds awful getting excited about connecting with someone just for them to reject you for looks shortly afterwards.
I'm confident I wouldn't abandon you like that but also I'm even more screwed up than how I used to be when I was with that last girlfriend so I'd be more concerned about making you feel disgusted by me.
You made me feel for you though with your upset posting here and I wish I could give you a hug or do something to cheer you up.
sup, anways, can a foid add me? lets watch lilo and stitch or haircake or something
kiroranke#1291
What is your personality if you are already just devoted to being a fat loser? Most of these guys do not have a drive or passion to get them going and want a woman to struggle with. They can be fat losers on their own.
Also for reference A is fine but b would a disgusting creature that needs to be put down as an act of mercy.
Not gonna lie, I do think fat girls are cute and have several architect memes saved on my phone.
But also she is tugging at my old millennial man paternal instincts and I want her to be less upset and more happy.
OP is so fat she needs to wear two watches, one for each time zone
Op is so fat, every time she turns arround its her birthday
what is the point of this thread again
yeah no shit nigga this is 4chan go complain somwhere else if you want validation
Let's take a wild guess here: you only keep talking to certain dudes that meet some stupid high standard even for you and then you're shocked when they don't like you.
Wouldn't be surprised honestly.
someone should call cps
be me
Fuck you fatty. I do not hate you because you are a woman. I have many loving female companions and role models in my life. I hate you because you are fat and are using it as an excuse. I hate you as I hate the male fatties in this thread, which desu is probably most r9k neckbeards. 
MFW femcels are real. I thought they were just a myth. 
retarded /fit/izen
Fuck you fatty. I do not hate you because you are a woman. I have many loving female companions and role models in my life. I hate you because you are fat and are using it as an excuse. I hate you as I hate the male fatties in this thread, which desu is probably most r9k neckbeards. 
MFW femcels are real. I thought they were just a myth. 
decide to brow /r9k/ for once, see if the incel rumours are true
Fuck you fatty. I do not hate you because you are a woman. I have many loving female companions and role models in my life. I hate you because you are fat and are using it as an excuse. I hate you as I hate the male fatties in this thread, which desu is probably most r9k neckbeards. 
MFW femcels are real. I thought they were just a myth. 
posts about trannies, incel, basic job issues wtf how have you retards survived this far
Fuck you fatty. I do not hate you because you are a woman. I have many loving female companions and role models in my life. I hate you because you are fat and are using it as an excuse. I hate you as I hate the male fatties in this thread, which desu is probably most r9k neckbeards. 
MFW femcels are real. I thought they were just a myth. 
fatty thread spotted
Fuck you fatty. I do not hate you because you are a woman. I have many loving female companions and role models in my life. I hate you because you are fat and are using it as an excuse. I hate you as I hate the male fatties in this thread, which desu is probably most r9k neckbeards. 
MFW femcels are real. I thought they were just a myth. 
Should be an 18+ website and I'm legally allowed to be a creepy father figure for younger women.
You're so fat when you jump you only shake your head
You gotta remember you're dealing with a group of people that wouldn't know how to act in any form of social interaction. Either way, its unfortunate what happened to you. being rude is a sympton of inceldom, not the cause of it. What would anyone expect out of a group of angry, lonley, and outcasted people. Obviously some nice ones exist. but they are human. People are trash all around and escaping the hell of looks bias wont be found here. Not at all
CONT:
Atleast your situation can be fixed. I am deformed. I have multiple tumors on my face. No woman would ever find me attractive. It wont matter for me. It's over. You think any of my fellow "incels" wouldn't shit on me too? A bunch of retards who would sell the other out in an instant. Shitting on each other for mogging them in any slight small way
So what to you hope to accomplish from this post?
Literal tumors? And they're inoperable?
These threads are far better at pushing me to blow my fucking brains out than any demoralization thread ever could, I'm so close man I just need to stop being a fucking coward and finally bite the bullet.
I'm not gonna shit on you because you're not being a fat cunt saying i deserve to be alone.
Bruh you got literal cancer or something. But it makes sense. The internet is cruel
Noo you're so sexy dont kys haha
Lol u fat
Why, are you a femfatty too?
Why kill yourself over something that has a solution?
Just go to the fucking gym or go for walks.
the last two overweight girls from this board I was nothing but courteous to
they both still ghosted me
will you?
How overweight are you? Height and weight?
The girl I currently have a small crush on is chubby.
Same. It just proves that no moid will ever love me.
Why? 
What's wrong?
Originally
Good, they should not. Especially if you talk about people like that.
I certainly don't condone fatphobia
And yet it exists. When your own body betrays you and forces you to eat more than your body needs. When you have this horrible addiction it's like a nightmare. And the feeling that no one will ever love you because you were too weak to overcome it.
Would you go back to shitting on people like you now that you are seen as hot? I am open to talking to you either way
I don't care about getting revenge on anyone. All I've ever wanted was to be happy with someone I care about.
Thats the thing. Society is always expecting me to change for them. I'm not good enough how I am. I'm just garbage to them in my current state. I'm not exactly motivated to change for a society that will only acknowledge me once I submit to their shallow whims.
No. Get lost, I'm not your fetish.
I could use a hug. I hate how cruel this fucked up place is. People don't even get treated like human beings if they don't look a certain way, or act how other people want them to. It's all so fucking selfish. Love is about self sacrifice, and giving, not about taking.
The looks bias is real. You're right. I shouldn't have expected anyone here to overcome that. Even if they are losers themselves, they can't overcome their inherent shallow nature.
I feel you. It hurts. Imagine if in another life we could've been accepted. If people could have looked past their own bias and just loved us for who we are.
Look at how you people talk to women in this thread and realize how ironic it is you call her out for that.
I'll be honest. 
Nobody is. We're all messed up and disgusting in some way. We all have to adapt and change in order to fit in. You complaining about what "society" wants, won't make anything better. You staying the way you are rn, as some sort of "fuck you" to the society that rejects you, will only make you suffer more. Society doesn't give a shit.
I mean this with all sincerity. We all have to change. Or decide to deal with the consequences of not doing so. You have to give in and change because you want to be better. And you know that being overweight is unhealthy, so it's not like it'd be a bad change for you. 
I wish you luck, anon.
I Can just say look at how people talk to men on other social media. It is a negative feedback loop that goes nowhere. Humans are visual creatures. The halo effect is very real. Two people who look differently doing the same things will get different responses. There is nothing you can do about it. You either fit the beauty standard or hope you can find another outcast like yourself. You are not above being shallow either so why be so hypocritical about it? Everyone wants the best they can get. I am sure you are a nice lady
Many such cases.
Even the most pathetic losers here won't touch fat women like me. I might as well just end it all because no man will ever love me for who I truly am.
I would be fine with taking in a fat woman, anon.
The issues would more be on my end. Like my house is covered in trash piles and I keep procrastinating getting titanium dental implants so I can have teeth again even though I have the money for it.
I'm incompetent at everything except my engineering job basically and also I'm a drug addict.
sorry for how ppl are talking to you femanon. i would give you a kiss on the cheek and get food with you and cuddle
although i am trying to lose weight myself also. im just really lonely
This isn't up for debate.
So crazy how women complain about shit they can control like weight but say that men are pussies because they complain about genetics they cant change. Get yourself together and go for a walk.
if you look like pic related then you;re a bomb shell, but i'm not going to just assume that.
also what do you even mean by we don't have the right? this is an anonymous image board. if you cant handle the fuckwittery, then this place isn't for you.
How fat are you? 
You weren't born fat, why do you claim thtat this is who you truly are? It's ungealthy and dangerous for you. 
I wouldn't have a problem with a little overweight
Why not just focus on IMPROOOOVING yourself? Hit that gym, eat healthy, get at least three high-paying jobs at once, buy 5 houses, 3 cars, and then maybe you can get a chance to go on a date with that chad you've had your eye on! If you haven't tried all that yet, then ick, just stop complaining. You're not entitled to boyfriends. Don't like it? Well maybe fat women should just make food and collect cats while Stacy takes care of the boys.
For fucks sake just put the god damn fork down.
I had a LTR with a 300lbs'er.
What's your excuse?
Any woman can be a 5/10 in this day and age if they aren't a fat piece of shit. If you can't do that you deserve to be alone.
how many people have you added from here and what drew you to do so?
I don't usually browse r9k, I stay on diy but I think you're right about 4channers in general lol
Cheer up sis I fuck fatties off tinder all the time (only cause there easy, dont have energy for a relationship with anyone)
why do you not eat normal and become Stacy?
Who said I wanted to date you anyway, fatty
Lmao this fat bitch is still at it?! I just woke up from an amazing sleep, still up a bit early though. But damn this histrionic blob is so fat she ate my beauty sleep? I guess super-sized me's can't do anything right except eating their feelings, like a fat disgusting lover. You'll never be accepted by society, just give up and eat your 5th tub of ice cream this morning you grotesque pig. Your taste buds know nothing but slimy greasy lard, just pathetic. 
Oh God imagining you eating is gonna make me barf.
Tip top kek kok
