female here. let me sum up r9k threads for you guys
i wouldnt wanna waste another moment being here with you sad losers
You know what Rent a Girlfriend is you are not a female.
but it's all true you WHORE and you shouldn't be here anyway since this is a MALE ONLY board and women can't be femcels or robots
uhhh yikes dude
That's just half of r9k. The other half are femcels crying because they're mentally ill and have no idea how lack of human interaction feels
I got some news for ya, buddy
nah the other 45% are faggots and trannies and the last 5% is the "femcels" you described
Why the fuck are YOU summing it up to us??? As if we didn't know this shit ourselves? Goddamn womeh are so fucking stupid, you are just thinking out loud with a stupid shitty thread roastie
It's hard to pull yourself out of a hole. I think is good to try and help. People here do really need it, even if some don't want to helped.
Let me sum up female communities for you:
Cry more you dumb broke bitch
The fucking worst piece of shit that japan has made. Any real female would feel ashamed of using a pic from that shitshoe
its literally talked about all throughout youtube and social media, cringey plot and characters but dont be an idiot. its known. its not a fuckin niche anime
I would actually pay real money for you to leave and never come back
Let me sum up woman for you
Cry me a river
it's known if you're a fucking degenerate that watches anything beyond Demon Slayer and Jujutsu Kaisen.
AKA not a female.
anything slice of life or romance and popularized and has good enough art will always make its way to females
dont be so caved in your room you sad bitch. talk to women sometime
Bitch, we've all been on crystal cafe and lolcow and seen women whining about how their existence means nothing without male validation, what are you trying to prove lol?
Wah, no women love me. 
Wah, I'm depressed because no women love me, yet I do nothing all day except work and college so I can get a career with some security and halfway decent pay, plus I use my free time for some hobbies though ones that women tend to see as dumb for men to do. 
Wah, I have no value and don't work on myself in any way other than in terms of education and focusing on losing weight, because I'm not shallow and don't expect women to have to "work on themselves" to perform traditional femininity so I don't want to have to "work on myself" in ways that are irrelevant to my goals just to pander to traditional masculinity expectations
Wah women aren't terrible people but it's frustrating that none will be my feminist gf in an equal partnership with mutual care and respect with a lack of expectation of gendie roll garbage
Wah women aren't terrible people but it sucks that none will accept me with my slight fat but technically within a healthy BMI and on the path to lose more weight and my long hair and my shitty historical fanfiction and my cats and my semi-questionable hobby of trespassing on active rail lines which is actually 100% justified because I'm autistic and am thus contractually obligated to have a healthy appreciation for trains
Men long for realization alongside a female companion. Women long for sex with dogs and horses. One is clearly superior here.
Women love to deflect. Most women work shit jobs, have no hobbies and go out of their way to be side-hoes.
What is it with women and fucking animals anyway? There was this one femcel on here who was agitating that beastiality laws not apply to women because a chick in the south got busted for fucking a dog on cam and faced 10 years in the slammer. Bitch, you fucked an animal, you deserve 100 life sentences.
Does anyone have that meme of the guy running to the campfire just to call everyone an incel? It's literally OP.
Good. Leave. Pack your bags, nyukka.
I just realized I have never seen a non-white woman fuck an animal on video.
I did everything right and finally got somone who pretended to care, but they ultimately dumped me to get pump and dumped by some foreigner on holiday. Stay away from foids guys, if you think you feel bad now, it's noware near as bad as one who lets you bleed your heart out for them and rejects you anyways. If you are not her first love, she will never stop the hunt for something better, she will never stop thinking about the guys she has been with before.
Wrong in all accounts. Explain why I'm still a 28 yr old virgin XD
So let me ask you this:
Since you dared to mention all the other points which are all just downstream form the one root cause:
If I work lots on myself and become rich, 
get to have a ton of value in the eyes of society in both my personality and in my professional practice and get in shape with a sixpack and
manage to charm you to fall in love with me unironically I will even give you that I will also set myself the constraint of not manipulating you, lying to you or leaving my intentions uncertain in any way,
would you then be willing to be my tradwife housemaid servant slave?
Because this is the problem.
Women want a man who has ALL of those things, and then they do not want to be a tradwife, you just want to be treated basically like a very big cat that does whatever she wants and acts however she wants, and the man has to foot the bank for all of it.
So since you are not willing to be a 
Why even put the other things in the list, it is like saying:
Oh people are not willing to work in order to get the reward! Oh btw, the reward does not exist in the first place.
And also here is the thing this anon writes: >>73072556
Almost every man I have ever spoken to actually wants this:
feminist gf in an equal partnership with mutual care and respect with a lack of expectation of gendie roll garbage.
But THIS is so fundamentally against female nature that it is inherently inconceivable that you might get it.
Because here is the thing, women have never EVER even once given up one of their privileges.
Women still have all the privileges of being a women they had in the 19th century and beyond. And this is so deeply engrained in our culture and in our mode of being and even in biology itself that if a man even suggests that he wants any of them he is treated like a mad animal and killed.
This is also btw why there are so many trannies now. They want to get the female privileges, but they dont because they will never be women. And this is what is then frustrating to them.
You are not even allowed to talk about female privileges yet alone criticize them.
So how can we ever be female partners as long as you are just demanding more and more and more rights and never giving anything back in return?
Therefore at least be a tradwife, then everyone can have their rights and responsibilities and then it is balanced.
But what you want has nothing to do with equality it is just a cruel game of narcissism, and men just play along because they want to make you happy but you just take more and more without even sparing one thought about what is actually going on
okay bye
you don't know what you are talking about
most of the threads are 
that's /r9k/ for you 
ignore those thread and don't reply to any of them
the ops are not humans, they are either paid to make the most disturbing shit humans can possibly come up with, or they are genuinely fucked up in the head
I personally like to make coom threads to talk to degenerate femanons as well. Guess you missed those.
Chad here. I only lurk /r9k/ for mentally ill horny fembots.
may i sum up women for you?
You seem obsessed with this "Chad" to the point of homosexual lust.
She's kinda right, but the cause and effect are a bit twisted.
The way I see it is this: If I'm at my lowest point in life no woman will ever want me. This is the point I need the most love, attention, care and compassion. Somehow, I pull myself throught all that all by myself and slowly start to climb broken, depressed and angry. I start getting some skills, find better and better jobs, learn to socialize, find accepted hobbies, build connections, get fit, find my sense of humour, charm etc... And this point girls start liking me. They are all over me. So I get a girlfriend. Suddenly, they like me even more, paradoxicaly, almost jealousy. At this point women would do outright crazy things to try to be with me. So I grow even more. I become very successful. At this point I have everything I need. I have money that can buy me anything, I have a big house with maids and cooks, I have great friends that support me, all the entertainment I need, I have whores and porn, I have 1000 different sources of happiness. Why do I need a girlfriend now? What role do you fill in my life now? I'm a finished product. it's done. You are so lazy and selfish this is where I need to be for you to want me the most? When I'm more secured with a wife this is where you would explode to even be greeted by me? 
Where were all the women when I was down at the bottom, broken and defeated, when I needed them the most? We could have been on this ride together, but the irony is the more successful you are the less you need women and the more they want you. And then complain how their husband left and cheated and ignored and didn't care and didn't please them and 'oh I have to cook and wear this dress, oh the humanity!'
And the cruel twist of a knife is if that same girl, much like any other, was at the bottom of the barrel, lowest tier mud dweller, broke, jobless, unfit, uninteresting, socially inept and obnoxious, at the same time as you she would get picked up by a man 5x her worth.
see ya! bye bye! nobody cares about you worthless roastie!
go back to instagram and tiktok chad worship, you are worthless human trash
you dont belong on r9k. leave!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_DVS_303kQ [Embed]
Bingo-bango
I've lived this experience. Men are not allowed to be weak. Be it in physical strength, mental fortitude, social acumen, or financial security. If they are any of these and can't fight, climb and scrape their way out of that life, then their life is forfeit and will often succumb to homelessness, jail or suicide. So if you're at the absolute rock bottom, it's only on you; as a man, to get yourself out. To strengthen your resolve and solve your problems on your own, with zero support from others, or else you will fail and will probably die.
Women don't have to worry about this. As they can be as ambitious or sedentary as they want and will ALWAYS have a means to get themselves out and almost all the time, it's the in the form of a man who is much more established than them.
It's like being trapped in a well naked. As a main you have to bloody your fingers right down to the bone, climbing, scraping and toiling to get yourself out, whereas a woman will be down there and have at least 5 or 6 different types of rope (Some even being pulled by a man at the other end) to get them out.
The only rope the man has is at the bottom of the well with him, and it's tied into a noose.
This is literally the truth.
If a man is down there is no one who will help him.
A man falls, and everyone abandons him.
The thing that makes you hate women the absolute most is when you get to the top and they come running to you. 
Pick me! Pick me!
Here is the thing. We can even play this game, we can play a game of: I am the man who has to do everything by myself and then at the end when I have everything you come to me as my reward.
And then I will know that the thing is transient, and shallow, that you are just a bitch that I won and you will be gone if I fall. And if that is life, then so be it, I will even love and treasure you for what you give me as long as I have you.
But do not dare for a single moment pretend that we are in any shape or from equal. It is such an infuriating, disgusting a vile premise that women think somehow those two things: overcoming countless others in order to climb to the top, and just picking the man, are in any shape or form comparable.
Women do not even live life on easy mode, Chad does. They are just pets collectively held by society. And now they are acting up pretending like they somehow run things. 
No you dont shut the fuck up! 
Every single man who I know whats a girl who will go with him through good and bad times and journey through life.
But that is not what you ever get, you are either just her walking purse and supplier. Or you are just garbage to her.
Or you are the man she wants to reproduce and therefore chooses.
But a women is never an equal partner to a man because she does not ever see him that way. Its literally the most vile lie that has ever been told
in fairness, that's literally all ludwig van beethoven, nietzche, van gogh, nikola tesla, isaac newton, arthur schopenhauer, joseph goebells, hp lovecraft, etc, etc, etc. talked about in-between doing other awesome stuffs. what do you talk about all day? being gay and boring? meet the kardashians if american, soap operas if british? leave at once, we're here to complain about our strife and women
wah no women love me
nobody loving you is quite the valid concern i dare say
wah im depressed cause no women love me yet i do nothing all day except jerk off and play games
loneliness often leads to depression yes, followed by symptoms like procrastination and lack of energy, drive or ambition
wah i have no value but i dont work on myself in any way
in this context, you are implying that the reason why can't get gfs is that we don't have much to offer
while that is most likely true, it only furthers our despair as out worth as human beings becomes equivalent to the material/social/egotistical benefits we can offer
wah all women suck because they wont be my tradwife housemaid servant slave
aside from a minority of fetishists, most guys would not want this, the most popular answer by far when it comes to `what do you want from women` threads is "to love me"
and if you take a look at popular female fantasies, they seem much more into this sort of stuff than we are
wah all women suck because they dont like me and my fat rolls and neckbeard and reddit points and pepe images
i've read thousands of complaints over the years but i can't remember a single time a guy blamed women for not liking his fat ass, it's always one's own fault for that
not to mention we hate reddit much more than you probably do
yeah, we know being sad doesn't work since sympathy is not something men can get
the way you say losers always betrays your worldview, men are quantified by how many resources they can provide, there's no good or bad, there's just useful and useless
typically, this sort of thinking is considered psychopathic, at the very least objectifying, but i guess it's an average standard when it comes to women, so go get the bag girl, i guess
cope
schopie was a chad slayer who got into competitions with his friends to see how many girls they could fuck
schopie had bastard kids from fucking too many girls, and he was handsome
not everyone who achieves great things is some loser nobody who never had most. most of those men got married or had sex 
whats up with incel losers and worshipping smart men? most of those men literally had sex
he was a raging misogynist, which yeah sure, it doesn't fit with what OP said (only skim read it, assuming it was just some anti dude stuff), as for the rest, they could only see whores to get their rocks off and were otherwise incel, with the exception of lovecraft who was only married at 31 to a jewess (clearly a psyop)
nah he was ugly, women show you their ugly side only if you're ugly yourself
It's easy to get women to love you. Just trauma bond and love bomb them while remaining slightly mysterious. Foids are so weak it's instalove.
Can I talk to you on discord? Or did you leave the thread already?
obligatory ywnbaw
May i ask why you even made this thread?
Male here. Show me your tits and stop talking. No one cares what women "think".
I mean, you're right but why do you have to point out that you're a woman?
