go on date with 10/10 funny goth girl
ruin it by telling her extremely personal and private details as casual conversation
she doesn't want to talk to me ever again
why do i do this bros.
There's a reason stoicism is considered attractive
if she didn't block you you still have a chance, just be honest and apologize and don't be an autistic sperg again
Fuck her. You dodged a bullet. She was mentally insane and not compatible anyways.
I just don't seem to learn, dude, do NOT share too much on the first date, yet I keep making that chapter 1 mistake
Honestly i'd rather not embarass myself again, there is nothing less attractive than being a sorry person.
There's other fish in the sea and I'm meeting other people in the future. But in some cases it has worked, just going "hey, my bad, wanna try again?"
hahahahaha yeah she was probably a runaway criminal, fuck her
Use this as a learning experience. Next time, ask questions about them. When they ask about you, give a generic response (that is true, don't lie) and then follow up with "and what about you? *repeat question*"
bulletproof, thx anon, i will nail next one
Literally gets you out of most things. Also generic doesn't mean boring. If they ask what your fav vidya is say "Oh I love FNV, the story is cool and I like being a cowboy" not "FNV, I really identify with Joshua Graham, the way he was betrayed by the man he idolised. Reminds me of when my dad abused me as a kid and makes killing Caesar so much more rewarding"
Make sense?
Yeah, i totally understand. I told her i was raped in detail and that i am diagnosed autistic, i can imagine she was turned off
ngl, made me dry up instantly haha. 
Saying you're diagnosed autistic isn't bad first date; sets the tone and expectations on social norms. Personal trauma though, yea that's a no go. That's a "We've been dating for a while and well...I think you should know..."
100%, i was the one at fault here, i'm so embarassed.
I have like 40 hobbies so I could have talked about how I bake or play this instrument or the other, but no, i decided to slam dunk any chance of going on a second date, lol.
it's whatever, things happen, i've also had people ruin dates with me so i know everyone goes through this.
i'm actually going on a date next week with a lovely girl who's a writer like me so we'll have a lot to talk about, i'll try to not get too nervous and blurt out unnecessary information
That sounds great, mutual hobbies is a breeding ground for good back and forth. You got this anon. I believe in you &lt;3
thanks boss, appreciate it
i've also had people ruin dates with me so i know everyone goes through this.
just for fun, i'll expand a bit. 
one time i arranged this spot to meet with this cute girl in a coffee shop by the river, she said it was ugly and made us walk for an HOUR to a dusty crusty ugly old ass coffee shop filled with old people which she found on google, then regretted it and we walked another HOUR to the original coffee shop, but at this point it was raining and dark so we drank some coffee and left, throughout the whole date she REFUSED to let me get a word in edgewise, so lame.
there's also the time a girl refused to let me out of her house, that was very scary.
