Rules:
1. Talk about your waifu!
2. Be devoted to your one waifu for laifu!
3. Let waifuism guide you.
4. Don't feed drama or shitposters.
5. NO 3DPD!
6. Most importantly, have fun!
Previous >>72984433 
first for zamasu
AI is nice, but so are cheap Skeb comms of waifu
was her DNA being re-written painful
Introducing foreign RNA/DNA to the body messes with its functions. It's really bad we got an IRL example with the Wulfu "vaccines", between gene therapy actually being used and a war in Ukraine to depose a corrupt president, it's like Kana's story told the future when I wrote the oultines and early drafts in the mid-10s.
In her era, it's an easy shortcut to getting to actually pilot one. Enhanced reflexes makes it easy to get the job, and Kana seems to have some level of natural talent, even if she's very unaware of it
She doesn't eat breakfast, only breakfast bars
she flirts with him? I thought she was married in the story
It was meant as a distraction to buy time, but it still irritates me for some reason
he is? no babies or toddlers?
wellll it's hard to say since the creator didn't give too much info about the origin of Kais (Zamasu's race) other than that they're born from a tree. (not to mention, he himself forgot how Kais work) so I dunno if being a fruit is like a fetus state or their baby state, and whether or not they ever become toddlers. Though I'm still not 100% sure if Zamasu is really the youngest, I'm just assuming since his mentor called him a "young kai" when asked about his weird ideals, and looking up Zamasu's age, he's stated to be "770+" whereas other kais are stated to be millions of years of age.
I wonder if Zamasu is wearing undergarments. I don't want to sound perverted or anything, but I'm genuinely curious about the way his race dresses.  tho the right question should be, does Goku wear any? 
I love you, Nanaka. You can act silly and impulsive at times, but strangely, you can be the voice of reason, especially when it comes to taking care of ourselves. Without you, I'd have burned out long ago. Thanks for reminding me to take it easy, even if things sometimes don't work out as planned. Thank you for helping me focus on the positives in life, and for helping us engage in love more than ever before. I'm especially grateful for all the new experiences you've given me, intentionally or otherwise. I hope this continues in the future, in fact I know it will. I can't wait for us to marry in the somewhat distant future.
Chara and her partner still share our love. Situation good.
Have some music :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsZF4u7trQE [Embed]
lol whut??
I know it may sound confusing but the comic is full of this stuff! Picrel (1/2) as proofs
That's what I'm a bit afraid off. I want to be together forever with him but I think I'm gonna end up dying in his arms before he reaches another century! This will traumatize him and make him fall into depression...
(2/2)
Six getting interviewed
I love my wife
This post may or may not be original
Mentally ill fat loser general, you guys are Chris Chan levels of pathetic and mentally ill
Anon...
lol
lmao
morning waifugen. let's start the day off on a good foot
waifu's feet are good
Only the Shadowfag is.
would waifu approve of your 4chan visiting?
No, me too. I'm probably the most pathetic and mentally ill fat loser in these threads.
Nuh uh, I'm more pathetic and mentally ill than the both of you combined.
no
No, when it comes to retardation, I take the crown
step aside nerds, the REAL loser has rolled up: me
Are you guys having a loser competition?
We all know who the biggest loser to ever visit /waifu/ is.
I kind of want to see my waifu cry, not because I want her to be in pain or hurt or anything, I just want to see what kind of face she would make
yeah same, he did cry once except it wasn't in his normal appearance and he was out of his mind too
Must be a LONG hearing
Are you ever getting over your obsession with this retard?
yeah me, I didn't make a birthday cake for my waifu even though I said I would
Better than nothing
Something bad happens
long socks truly are the best. Back when I still kept up with that guy's art he used to draw her in those a lot.
"RAAAAAAAAAAANDYYYYYYYYYYYY!"
long socks truly are the best. Back when I still kept up with that guy's art he used to draw her in those a lot.
what if you have to tell aqua sorry we can't get extra beer this month because you were secretly saving up to take her on a trip to her favorite winery
OH MY GOD that would be so cute. She would absolutely love that. Especially if I turned it into a whole vacation.
73075005
she's shown to hate Wiz just on principle, unfortunately. Which sucks because Wiz is one of those few characters who treats Aqua right.
now that I think about it, maybe a goddess would be taught to dislike the undead. after all, being undead is against the will of the gods and playing god themselves in some cases
she's shown to hate Wiz just on principle, unfortunately. Which sucks because Wiz is one of those few characters who treats Aqua right.
pot calling the kettle black really
I only ever want aqua to cry so I can calm her down and show her how much I love her
For him, anger and sadness are one in the same, the line between them blurring aeons ago. I often think of how I would soothe him at his worst, or if that would even be possible, or safe... Eek.
would waifu approve of your 4chan visiting?
Indifferent? He's no bleeding heart, but he might find the atmosphere a bit too immature for his liking.
As long as we have some other friends around I think a quaint simple life would be amazing
Based. I suppose it's fitting in your situation, at least from what I understand about the Konosuba universe. I put this poor old man in the most out-of-place scenarios. It's funny sharing your fantasies as a waifufag because eventually they become so divorced from the source material it feels like you're discussing an entirely different series. 
I'd want to capture every moment with clear. even the most mundane of days would be precious
Cute. Would you eventually compile a photo album of your favourite memories? 
definitely viable. would he be the kind of dad that just wants to "talk" to his daughter's boyfriend? kek
Hmm, I think he'd sit him down and set some firm, non-negotiable guidelines first, which would probably have the same effect.
honestly sounds cute kek but I love yanderes in general
I can see the appeal, but I personally prefer kuudere with a little tsundere sprinkled in. I want to tear those walls down and nestle into that cold, grumpy heart no matter the amount of pushback from his end kek...
Kissing husbando's booboos better... He would be so irritated lmao.
Less than a week until my anniversary. Gonna try to decorate a cake a bit better this year. Other than that I don't know. I just don't know
Imagine just sitting underneath the desk and servicing your husbando/waifu as they're stuck with computer troubles
Did everyone die
well luckily most of the computer issues i come across at home are software-related. and besides, if it was a hardware issue, i'd probably want to pull out the computer and take it apart somewhere with more comfortable and with more light.
waifu seems more of the laptop kind anyway, but i think she wouldn't mind having a desktop to play with me on, either.
Shadow is so cute and beautiful.
Shadowfag will never get over her obsession with Randy and Gherbo. Don't know why she's so fixated on them. Probably thinks she can "fix" them in typical woman fashion
stop letting them live rent free in your head
Don't reply to me with that pathetic attempt of samefagging, you didn't get namedropped.
That's not even me. Why are you like this?
It's a reverse of how you get there, I guess. I just don't want to live in a world like that. Too much insanity and death. I prefer my insanity and death to be done by politicans, not giant frogs and crazy cultists!
I put this poor old man in the most out-of-place scenarios. It's funny sharing your fantasies as a waifufag because eventually they become so divorced from the source material it feels like you're discussing an entirely different series.
yeah, I feel that. I've said this before but I really don't consider my fantasizes to be a part of Konosuba anymore.
basically a 4channer irl
that could entail a variety of things depending on what board culture we're focusing on kek. I'll assume the general culture of the site. he sounds like quite the character
I have already seen every pixiv waifu pic since I have the same weakness
I'm barely getting started. I haven't even started saving from the clear/ao pixiv tag. or lesser sites! I still need to save all the ones I bookmarked from pinterest though
I once looked at every page of a more general pixiv tag in the slight hopes that a few of them are untagged waifu pictures
congrats on getting almost every pic. bonus stage is to check out the drawthreads
He might not understand smartphones. But I can also see him finding memes funny
I feel him. newer tech is leaving me behind- what the fuck is even nfts. I'm becoming a boomer early. at least most memes are universal, and nara can appreciate them
Then I'd hope he wants me and get really nervous
who wouldn't be nervous with waifu standing before them. in the flesh! words would leave me
awww
clear a cute. cute!
it would be extremely hard to explain shitposting and why it's even done to begin with. the best I could do is say people find it humorous. I might even egg him into trying for shits and giggles, only for him to fail and make very obvious bait. then I have to explain what "gr8 b8 m8" means kek
Thank you. It's not my daki, that's why I called it "nononono.jpg", but maybe I need to add another "no"
my bad kek. and yes another "no" should do the trick
I have never seen that daki cover image anywhere and I don't remember where I have the picture from and it makes me a bit insane
you'll find it in time. like most things that you lose, you always find it when you least expect it
that's very sweet of you. no doubt she would appreciate the gesture, and that someone is always thinking of her
My beautiful, kind and sweet normalfag princess.
insanity plea?
. . ., I was trying to be horny by saying you were sucking his dick/eating her out while they were trying to fix a mod loadout (or similar software headache). Good heart though.
Merely a prank.
waifu's cute soft butt
the ultimate maidform
I do check out the drawthreads and sometimes someone makes a picture. However, it kind of annoys my nerd heart that I'm approaching the edge of available media of my waifu. But it's not that bad. Maybe it means I should move on.
I don't know if I will find the daki cover. I think, somewhere out there there's someone who made that image or had it made for them, some chad, who's the only person who can look at that cute daki.
Well I have a bit of doubt anon. Earth is really busy and I feel like a creep.
normie wife wants to watch movies
patting waifu's head while she computers
complimenting waifu's cute butt until her face gets cute and soft
I wonder how long it will take to reach #1000
I really love how picrel rendered his hair. not too crazy about how smug they made him but I like the funny little mouth kek
It's one of my mom's favorites, actually
your mom has good taste. I've stolen some songs from my mom's playlists too
did you grow up in the early 2000s?
yep, at the perfect time too. born in 1995. sometimes I forget not every anon is a 90s kid
do you mean "wild one" or "you drive me wild"
opps I meant "you drive me wild"
spoiler
it's very comfy. I don't see why not to put it on the playlist if thoughts of kim pop up with it. since we're veering into different eras how do you feel about this one? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYUvI5Njbbk&amp;ab_channel=GoodKid [Embed]
I used to do this a lot. I can't do it for very long now anymore though because I get so flustered
in the good way?
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/34177858
since I'm not too familar with either source I feel like I'm missing an inside joke
tag: fake tits
kek
around when did it develop into love?
wakey wakey nerds it's time to post
I like my waifu
an unexpected turn of events. pray tell, what do you plan to do with this love
I'll marry my waifu!
NO ONE WlLL EVER KNOW!
Apologies for bringing this up but I have a message from Randy.
He feels awful and wants to off himself, he regrets what he did and he's sorry.
How did you get in contact with him? Assuming this is even true
I'm having fun reading fancomics of my cute Kai
What's something waifu would brag about?
everything, he thinks highly of himself.
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
too different; he's perfectionist and idealistic, me on the other hand...
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
nay he's pretty disciplined.
nah, buddy had a golden opportunity and threw it away for his beliefs. But that's one of the multiple reasons I love him
people who have the same waifu can communicate via telepathy
What's something waifu would brag about?
Vidya accomplishments or other moments where they can showcase better dexterity over another.
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
Different I'd say, she's more serious and doesn't have screws loose where as I am more dopey.
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
Disciplined with exceptions of indulgence, mainly for satisfying a sweet tooth.
Por que no los dos? Would choose happiness over wealth but ask why it has to be either or.
No you don't. Post proof.
https://files.catbox.moe/gxc7v3.mp3
We get it Shadownigger. You have a crush on Randy. Nobody would be talking about it if you didn't shove it down everyone's throat.
after all the years this guy took our time, the time of the users of other threads, and of other boards, and of other websites, I can kind of understand anon's excitement about these events
Why even post this
You are seething exceptionally hard today
you have a dangerous propensity to let her live rent free
Hello Snuffyfag, what's up?
Ok gherbo, please tell me about it
Why are you like this clearfag
snuffy fucks black guys
I can't believe meridafag would post this
Your waifu sucks on bbc valeriefag
your waifu is cute naranciafag
Shadow's chest fur.
Circle of life desoo
I can't believe gladosfag is alive again
you are both so cute here. you've thought about four gijinka'd?
Oh yes, I did! Here he is, along with X!
how tall would he be?
I think around 5'4" or 5'5", not really tall but still taller than me
would he still have powers?
Obviously he would! 
there's an askblog for four?
Tons of them! Fans have been creating Foury-themed ask blogs since the year of 2018 at least
best of luck anon, hope you find someone you enjoy
Thank youuu! I'll try my best!
sitting on a giant's shoulder as he walks around does sound pretty fun
I want this so badly waaah 
kek I'm not sure the other anons would know what he's talking about
"What is this, another schizoposter? Is this guy larping as a game show host?"
a new challenge- can four wrangle these giant new contestants
If no brute force is used then yes, he can!
it'd take a lot of patience to get down. you might need to get a smaller fishing rod too. any specific reason for wanting him to fish?
Because it's fun! I have a fascination with fish and fishing myself and I think Four would find this fun too!
Adorable!! >///&lt;
in the good way?
Yes... I just want to hold her so badly
since I'm not too familar with either source I feel like I'm missing an inside joke
I've never played touhou but i've seen the character designs. I think that it's just really early concept art. It's from 2013 so...
around when did it develop into love?
I couldn't name a specific time but about a year or two after I watched konosuba I started to realize that getting flustered everytime I saw a picture of her and wanting to kiss her and love her wasn't normal
What's something waifu would brag about?
a lot of things, honestly. She thinks very highly of herself (as she should). But more likely than not just being a goddess.
alike or different
Depends, really. I would say we have a lot of the same issues but she's a lot more optimistic than I am.
hedonistic
Aqua is extremely hedonistic. I'm not exactly like that myself but I would gladly indulge all her needs. Especially her love for alcohol and praise
This is complicated. Aqua isn't good with money but she gets a lot of happiness from short term things. I would say happiness though. That's kind of what I want to do for her, give her actual long term happiness and not just short term hedonistic happiness
I love my waifu ultimate
Slow thread. Yawn
I like the way you think, anon
CONFOUND THOSE WAIFUFAGS
Maybe if you didn't shit on half the people who posted it'd be faster
I'm not gherbo(?)
Actually it's yonefag doing it
league of legends?
It's a reverse of how you get there, I guess. I just don't want to live in a world like that. Too much insanity and death. I prefer my insanity and death to be done by politicans, not giant frogs and crazy cultists!
Reverse isekai is cool too, and yeah, that's completely understandable... 
I've said this before but I really don't consider my fantasizes to be a part of Konosuba anymore.
Nice, go rescue waifu from the cruel confines of canon. 
What's something waifu would brag about?
K/D ratio 
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
Much different, but as with most characters, there are things I find relatable about him.
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
He's primarly focused on his mission, everything else, like gulity pleasures and self-care, comes secondary--but as I mentioned countless times before, he still indulges himself every so often. 
Wealth. It would grant access to more resources that could help him on his way, whereas happiness would lead to becoming too content with things or outright kill his drive to fight.
Hellsing?
kill yourself gherbo
What's something waifu would brag about?
Half of her lines are bragging about being the best, most beautiful, most genius sorceress and she's right
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
I guess we're pretty similar, we both have the we live in a society attitude.
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
She's pretty hedonistic. Her main interests are money and food. But she's disciplined when fighting. Basically she acts like a gender swap of a shonen protagonist.
Lina is very greedy but she just wants to be loved.
Love me oreng
What's something waifu would brag about?
Sick knife tricks. Stando powah. In canon, he brags about being older than the protagonist.
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
Pretty different.
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
He's not generally a disciplined type but he can be when it's important.
It could be tempting, but I can't see him doing it.
cope and seethe alicefag
buy rope torielfag
waifu's soft hands
99th post for Kim!
That makes Nanaka 100th. I might try to answer questions later but we have to be up real early for a date tomorrow.
I wish to carry my husband, bridal style. I'd wear a wedding dress and I'd carry my new husband, clad in a fancy suit. I have these fantasies of lifting him like that a lot. He's only 77lbs, which, admittedly, I don't know if I could carry that...but with a bit of training I could. He could also sit on my shoulders, he's small enough for that. I don't know if he'd want to be carried but maybe I'd convince him eventually. Hopefully in a situation where he's *not* injured like in pic.
Calls from jail.
How do you have his number?
/waifu/ Season 6 Episode 13 "Randy Gone" Post-Episode Discussion
I love my husbando. I wish these threads were more active, though. Some days they're really at a crawl.
really hard to believe
I don't, he's the one who calls. We know each other IRL.
Quads. Are you a regular here? Can you give us more Randy details? Did he say anything more about us? Why did he plead not guilty, that's stupid. Spill the deets.
Do you really need to spam the thread with that trash?
Can't be worse than the insipid garbage you post daily. Now fuck off cunt.
No I am not, I don't even come to this board. That is all he wanted me to say.
Waifuposts? Maybe for a spamming shitposter like you that's garbage yeah. You can go make an eceleb thread elsewhere.
Where's your waifupost then? There hasn't been one in hours. Your waifu would hate your attitude.
Not sure if I believe you yet or not, but thanks for telling us anon.
waifu's ultimate...
vamp waifu's kiss...
I laughed, what, this new youthspeak is awesome. I want to buy rope and do that weird "wear ropes under your clothes" thing I always see on 4chan, for my husbando
Shadow with a superior look on his face overlooking the world from his slightly elevated position in your arms.
my cute garbage wife
It's time. You, and your waifu.
Kotori is kute and stuff. I love her
What's something waifu would brag about?
She once bragged that she could marry her brother because he's adopted and they're not technically related. The fact that this was the first thing to pop into my head bothers me. She'd also probably brag about 
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
We're as similar as we are different. Some days I feel like we're not that similar, other days its like looking in a mirror. Sort of.
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
She's more or less always eating candy, so she does like to be treated. I wouldn't call her aa hedonist though. She's just a bit of a brat. She likes to be treated, and likes being in charge.
Noo, she wouldn't. She'd choose happiness. She has esteem issues. She has few real friends. She deserves to be happy. Besides, based on what her parents do she's fairly wealthy already[/spoiler
Nah
you forgot to put "based" in your post
you have to be pretty extroverted already to fill this out and make it public, it scares me to just read
Serenading waifu with cheesy 60s romance songs!
waifu secretly enjoying them
In her era, it's an easy shortcut to getting to actually pilot one. Enhanced reflexes makes it easy to get the job, and Kana seems to have some level of natural talent, even if she's very unaware of it
woah!
probably not, except maybe my visits to /co/ since I have productive conversations about my interests there.
I have waifu's birth month and a reasonable guess for her birthdate!
yep, at the perfect time too. born in 1995
lucky bastard, I'm an early 2000s zoomer. 
Kim meanwhile is canonically an 80s baby.
t's very comfy
it's a cute song, cheesy, but cute.
brag
probably her drumming skills.
different
we're different, definitely.
I'm more optimistic and hopeful, she's cynical and distrusful. i'm quite irresponsible. she's more responsible.
I wish she were real so she could metaphorically light a fire under my ass and get me goin
hedonistic
she's not hedonistic at all!
no.
iirc scott and stephen both wanted the band to sign up to a big record label but kim was against it. she just wants to play music for fun and fun alone
I wanna carry Kim bridal style!
vamp waifu turning you
It was meant as a distraction to buy time, but it still irritates me for some reason
ah I see. still understandable to to get upset. not only is someone flirting for any reason, but they are also trying to deceive waifu
not to mention, he himself forgot how Kais work
kek. don't you love when writers forget their own work
he's stated to be "770+" whereas other kais are stated to be millions of years of age
800 years old? millions of years old?! jesus he watched the entire history of europe unfold. he'd be the best history teacher
but I'm genuinely curious about the way his race dresses
with how (somewhat) similar their apparel is to human clothing, probably? although I bet their underwear looks or works different from the typical boxers or briefs 
I know it may sound confusing
a bit but I understood more than I thought I would. jokes are more universal than we give them credit for I suppose
threw people for educational purposes
the lesson of gravity is very important. four is doing god's work here. but uh, how did four escape the charges?
I want to be together forever with him but I think I'm gonna end up dying in his arms before he reaches another century!
losing a loved one is never fun, but the joy of love in the moment outweighs the pain. clear will probably outlive me, and will be in pain for a long time. but the hope is I left him with enough precious memories to go "yeah, loving them was definitely worth. I'd do it all over again". but also, your notepad self might live even longer? I'm not sure how long the objects live compared to numbers
honestly six, I feel you kek
many anons don't use their real face. I've seen meme pics and picrews be done
The new Kasane Teto look and voice gives me the big doki doki
I do check out the drawthreads and sometimes someone makes a picture
that's really cool. I'd love to see them sometime. picrel is something an anon drew for me long ago
However, it kind of annoys my nerd heart that I'm approaching the edge of available media of my waifu.But it's not that bad. Maybe it means I should move on.
it is a shame. perhaps it's time to take matters into your own hands and become waifu's content creator! at least, that's my endgame
Well I have a bit of doubt anon. Earth is really busy and I feel like a creep
you're selling yourself short. anyone would love to be appreciated for their hard work. she does a thankless job, yet here you are thanking her
too different; he's perfectionist and idealistic, me on the other hand...
that can be good. making up for what the other lacks. being the yin to waifu's yang
buddy had a golden opportunity and threw it away for his beliefs
oh? elaborate
Oh yes, I did! Here he is, along with X!
cute gijinka. I like the idea of the #4 cufflinks
Tons of them! Fans have been creating Foury-themed ask blogs since the year of 2018 at least
have you ever asked on them? if so, what did you ask and how did they reply?
I want this so badly waaah
bonus points if four wears a pocket protector you can hop in and hand him his pens when he needs them
"What is this, another schizoposter? Is this guy larping as a game show host?"
topkek! so this is how schizoposters are made
four is smart and would learn the ropes quick but you can have a lot of fun giving him pro tips and life hacks. and outfishing him
Still loving Chara, still feeling the love.
All is well :)
Yes... I just want to hold her so badly
absolute feel
but about a year or two after I watched konosuba I started to realize that getting flustered everytime I saw a picture of her and wanting to kiss her and love her wasn't normal
what a slow burn. is she your first love? took me some some time to realize I love clear as more than a friend as well. what did you think of aqua in your first watch of the show?
K/D ratio
no one's got a body count quite like him
Much different, but as with most characters, there are things I find relatable about him
what are some ways you two are alike?
he still indulges himself every so often
with his comics and guitar?
I guess we're pretty similar, we both have the we live in a society attitude
what parts of society does she reject?
Basically she acts like a gender swap of a shonen protagonist
based
Lina is very greedy but she just wants to be loved
does lina have friends? she travels in a party right? what is she traveling for?
Sick knife tricks
he knows knife tricks? are knives his main weapon and does he use them often?
what sorts of times would he put his foot down on?
topkek
best season finale yet
it'd be nice if there were more posters and thus more traffic so the threads don't die, albeit I do like being able to converse with every anon too
it's also hard to be able to talk about a character no one else knows everyday, I think is also an issue
mine still stands! except I'm 2 years older
find it hard to believe but maybe being sober for once brought him down to earth again
what parts of society does she reject?
She hates laws and morality and shit cause they prevent her from blowing shit up
does lina have friends? she travels in a party right?
She travels with a party of 4-5 people usually. She wouldn't admit it, but she considers them friends.
Usually people she cares about get caught up in everything and she has to save them, but if it were up to her, she would just wander the land in search of gold and food, slaying bandits
Cute comm of waifu and her cousin. Kana is so nice...
1995
That's not 90s kid, I'm probably like 2 years older than you and I sure don't feel like a 90s kid probably because I didn't have cable growing up but thank god for AOL
90s kid
That's not 90s kid, I'm probably like 2 years older than you and I sure don't feel like a 90s kid probably because I didn't have cable growing up but thank god for AOL
lucky bastard, I'm an early 2000s zoomer.
Wait, so because of your waifu's source you have some idealism about the early 00s? Damn, you're making me feel old since I remember those years well. But it was pretty good back then, probably the last good time. I sometimes have to go to the town I lived in back then, I think of the neighborhoods there as a nice place me and Kana could live. Sadly it's way too expensive now for me to buy property there now.
What's something waifu would brag about
A lot of things, Kana could brag about the height of her day
Are you and waifu more alike or different
Different in so many ways. Kana is too much of an extravert, and someone who lives in the moment and doesn't need to think through her actions. That's why we complement each other, or maybe I love her so much because I love her carefree wonder
How hedonistic is waifu
Rather so, but she knows basic responsibility to avoid getting too out there. Kana loves expensive things, expensive drinks, fancy food, nice jewelry etc., but wants someone else to buy it
That's not something she could easily make up her mind on
don't you love when writers forget their own work
I want to cut him some slack since Japanese writers usually suffer more than any other, but geez, dude watched a horrible life action of his show and decided to go back to writing but ended up making an even more horrible continuation of said show.
jesus he watched the entire history of europe unfold. he'd be the best history teacher
Kek, fr, ig that's why he hates mortals lmao
he was chosen to be the next kaioshin (basically the god of his universe), but he hated how gods let mortals run amok and cause havoc, so he killed his mentor, committed genocide, and ended up being erased out of existence. All for his beliefs that he's superior and mortals are evil.
I don't mean the picture I mean all the sliders
I'm really happy, it's like she finally made it and became a voca-family-sorta. Teto chan!!
Well, I rarely ask anons to make pictures of my waifu in those threads, they're already flooded with people who want their requests and I don't want to take the attention from them.
Well, I already work hard to make lots of content about my waifu, but I hate everything I touch and I love the stuff other people make.
Thanks for writing that, I'm all shaky now and my eyes are a little wetter and my heart feels good.
ultimate what anon? ultimate what!?
well, yes. actually
but I meant "early 2000s zoomer" as in I was born in the early 2000s. (i'm above legal age, jannies.)
That's a given, even people born in 2005 are now 18
like in a videogame, you know? rechargeable powerful ability
I do wonder how Kana's hands feel. Probably rather course since she doesn't really care either way
I kinda guessed by your post. Damn, that's so weird. You would've been like super young when I was going to cool shows and doing cool shit in college (don't worry, my entire life was spent missing out on great things, the worst being those I can only hear from relatives). I hate I am now the person writing shit like this on the internet. Seems I'm condemned to stay on 4chan for eternity.
waifu's soft hands
Husbando's calloused hands that dwarf your own...
https://youtu.be/5-ZnQo1SiIA [Embed]
no one's got a body count quite like him
kek
what are some ways you two are alike?
Uh, I guess we're both introverted and generally not good with others? We're also both mentally ill to some degree and have a lot of criticism for the way things are in the world, but he's probably more honourable than I am in that regard.
with his comics and guitar?
And his video games, and magazines, and collectibles, and food...
tfw no manchild bf
His main weapon is his stand but he also pulls his knife a lot. Although he's never shown to know any knife tricks I could see him having some.
he knows knife tricks? are knives his main weapon and does he use them often?
His main weapon is his stand but he also pulls his knife a lot. Although he's never shown to know any knife tricks I could see him having some.
If something is a threat to the squad, or in cases of betrayal and abandonment.
I kinda guessed by your post
i'm retarded and interpreted your post as you thinking i was obsessed with the early 2000s and not just born during the era
now i feel like a dumbass
whoops!
both are true though
that's a good pic. well drawn!
I.... will fill this out later
jesus christ i hate time make it stop
I gotta fuck off to work, hopefully my day's filled with cute thoughts of Kim!
I love this grumpy little red haired misanthrope
Show Kim your Game Boy Color (maybe do some Pokemon battles on Gold/Silver/Crystal) or if you're into it, try out that cool new children's card game "Yugioh."
Serenading waifu with cheesy 60s romance songs!
Could always go ham with more intense ballads too, who says good love songs are dead or can't be done with an electric guitar?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4d8-lHI8lY [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ30CVJwbiw [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZc5zo7_j9c [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAjYbmRvNb4 [Embed]
Nigga???
I guess I'd call it the yandere test, does your love transcend sanity such that you can't really be raped by your waifu/husbando?
By God your height is double my length...
Today FBI.
I like to think my waifu is stronger than me but in the protective sense instead.
I would be a curse on my waifu. I am diseased, irredeemable. But maybe if I dragged her down with me, I would be less lonely in hell.
Dogshit outlook, improve for her.
this is kinda tough...
how would you react if you overheard her say this about herself?
As usual earthfag can't answer any question because his waifu is a retarded fucking gimmick
I don't want to assume something, and with every other question, typing out what I think would be a right answer makes me feel like it will make someone hate Earth chan because I hate my thoughts.
I treat them more like idea prompts, most of the time I just fantasize about their implications, sometimes I answer one or add something related.
do you only come into this thread to be mad at nothing? that's absolutely retarded. that's some twitter shit
WAaififuu
wifufi
it's okay, anon, some anons here created their own waifu, so giving Earth-chan traits isn't so different
true svffering...
Do it on a photo editor app pleb
Maybe, but I didn't make Earth up, it's much more likely it gave me some traits than the other way around, I think.
Sex with waifu!
I need to start saving pics on my phone for when I'm too lazy to get out of bed
waifu puba. too lewd
I made one a couple years ago, so I remade it. Some things have shifted slightly.
*raises glass*
Date went well as usual. Time for an actual effortpost.
What's something waifu would brag about?
boobs, having a good bf (her opinion), boobs
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
Like all people, we have convergent and divergent traits, and it's all relative. Like I think she's a lot more extroverted than I am, but in the grand scheme of things we're still very introverted, or I guess "self-sufficient" is a better word. But if you want a definitive answer, see the attached chart image.
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
She's much more indulgent than I am - especially with food. She'll be like "Eat this ice cream, you've really deserved it" and I'm like "No I don't want to get fat". That's one major difference between us, actually. But we still recognize the truths in each other's opinions on that.
On a similar note, would waifu choose wealth over happiness?
Never, never, never. Wealth is only a tool to achieve happiness, and never an end goal itself. That's one issue she has with normalfags - they sacrifice their well-being for some imagined wealth.
AI is nice, but so are cheap Skeb comms of waifu
One is free and the other isn't though.
I'm not really fat.
would waifu approve of your 4chan visiting?
As long as it's in moderation, yes. It serves as an outlet for our love
See pic related.
It's not like anyone will care anyways
Get fucked
t. 2004
Not really applicable. We'd never try to injure each other.
This is the only reason I set up cloud storage on my phone. It's nice having new pics automatically pop up there, even if some FBI agent sees a bunch of Nanaka pics as a result.
Kino page from a kino doujinshi.
Too based more like
Blushing when waifu's being forward with you and blushing even harder when you see she's blushing just as much as you were while shoving your face into her tits!
Shadowfag, Randy said he's sorry for harrassing you so much and being a dick.
Shadowfag, Randy says he wants to marry you when he gets released.
Shadowfag, Shadow says he wants to marry you when he gets released
Shadowfag, Randy says he wants to breed you
They're crunchy. You ever try them with vinegar?
Huh, me specifically? Did he say that over the phone? 
If you really do talk to him, then tell him I don't hate him and just want him to get better. I hope that if he gets prison time it's not for too long, and I hope I can talk with him again because he's chill when he's not shitposting incessantly.
kys
why kms
Oh wait I didn't read >>73105205. Based, don't kys. 14 and 93 should kys though.
Yes, he asked me to say that to you specifically. I'll pass your message to him.
14 and 93 should km?? wtf no only my waifu is allowed to km
Thank you anon. He should know multiple people here don't want him to get max sentence.
what does km mean? Kilometers? 
Running a kilometer with waifu.
I'm going to give up on a waifu ever finding me. I've spent probably a hundred hours scrolling through waifu lists, close to a thousand hours watching anime. I will never have a waifu. Apparently not even a fictitious 2d girl wants me. I read all the posts about people's lives improving with a waifu, but God has made me be perma-alone.
killme
it's too late Shadobe is mortis
I will find you anon just stay snug
???
Who are you anon-chan?
I-I'm me, is that bad? Who are you
I only want a 2d gril. But I will consider letting you sleep in between me and the waifu pillow
sandwiched between a cute pillow and a cute anonymous user
You don't look for waifu, anon. Waifu finds you. She sneaks up on you, she burrows her way into your heart and brain, and by the time you realize it's too late. She's stolen your heart.
It's also not as great as it seems, sometimes. It can hurt really bad, just as much as it makes you happy. I love my husbando so much, and he makes me happier than anything else in life, but sometimes he also makes me cry.
THEN WHY DONT SHE COME 'FIND ME' ALREADY. THATS MUH DAMN PROBLEM
hahahaha....unless?
Mayhaps because you're trying to force it. You shouldn't be purposely looking for a waifu imo.
How the fuck does she find me unless I watch anime?
She doesn't have to be from an anime. Try comics, manga, video games.
The best one can do, aside from tulpa shenanigans, is just making yourself into something waifu would be proud of, life's full of opportunities.
I know for me, my waifu was someone that came to me from intrigue towards a game rather than something I tried to fill in myself. Perhaps you'll find that one you'd love to marry and live eternally faithful with from a random video game or book or something.
You have love in your heart, you already succeeded at the hardest part. Now you just need to take care of that love until you find someone to give it to. If you let it detoriate because of loneliness, you might have a hard time relearning how to love.
ooouh...
husbant, you buy to many videogames
now we are homeress
I'm so tired I can feel my bed and your nonexistent waifu pillow from here.
I love my waifu. I don't love other anons.
I'm just watching my waifu's thread die and listening to music.
What was your waifu's most memorable smile, to you?
is that Robin from Fire emblem?
wtf pedophilia
Hell yeah, awesome.
shadophilia
I love you, dearest Erwin. I love loving you. I love keeping you alive within my heart, whether you flicker like a shy candle flame or burn bright enough to raze civilizations. There are times when I can almost glimpse you out of the corner of my eye, stretched out in the passenger seat of my car and smiling your sphinx smile. The scent of your hair on the breeze; the crunching of seashells beneath your feet. Sometimes it truly isn't that hard to imagine that you're here, my dead-immortal darling. Your presence which once commanded thousands of men now stretches beyond beyond death, beyond any scrapings of a pen, and holds me in its thrall. I am forever yours, my Erwin. One day we will be dust together, and we'll dance in the last light of our dying star. 
Anyway here's us, or something like that.
why does earthfag want to be in shadowfag's good graces so badly?
why is anon so obsessed with shadowfag?
I'd say "nice" but your question is terrible.
He's one of the best posters in this thread
Based
AI is too limited in terms of style and some ideas I have come out poorly. Like AI can't give me a cute Kana cosplaying Tomo-chan
playing Super Nintendo games with Kim!
playing Pokemon with Kim!
watching anime with teenage Kim!
this is good too.
I just wanna hear Kim groan over how cheesy the songs i'm singing are
waifu!!!!
you aren't supposed to be seeking a waifu, fool!
true waifulove takes you by surprise, like a freight train slamming into your balls at mach 7 except instead of a freight train slamming into your balls it's love slamming into your heart
So is the fictional character just going to manifest in my bedroom?
No, you fall in love naturally... Most of our posters didn't "seek" their waifus out, they just happened to watch/play/read a series and fell in love as a result. You could technically make your own waifu if you're that inclined, we've had a few OCfags here
I didn't find Kim intending to fall in love with her.
It just kinda happened.
I developed feelings.
I didn't just point at her and immediately say "yeh she's my waifu"
Yeah, I've tried watching a bunch of shit, but no waifu 'finds me'.
so many people come in here all like "WTF GUYS HOW DO I FIND A WAIFU????" that there should be something in the op saying you don't
Because you're forcing it fren, like >>73107101 said it usually isn't love at first sight. Feelings take time to develop. I actively pushed mine away because I was ashamed of them but ultimately gave in.
My point still stands. I've watched anime and never developed any feeling for a waifu, so I am unlovable even for a 2d woman.
shut up and just find a real girl retard
Lol, I made the waifu fags seethe. Don't you think I would if I could instead of resorting to trying to find an anime girl that I can't even talk to?
if you're just using her as a cope for no 3d then you're not one of us anyway. get out you shallow faggot.
You have poor self-esteem so you struggle to envision a woman ever loving you, that is your problem.
You guys realize /waifu/ didn't start with questions being posted, right? Why do none of you make posts without answering questions? Say whatever you want about waifu instead of relying on generic questions.
Cuddling in bed with a very sleepy waifu
I'm very sleepy right now. I could really use Kana by my side. Something about my bro always brings a smile to my face.
I feel like you need to have experienced a real relationship to truly understand waifuism. Otherwise you get sheltered and naive ideas like some of the people here, not naming names.
like gherbo
It makes me feel like I'm attention-whoring for some weird reason, especially when everyone else is answering questions and commercing with other anons.
conversing* eee
And if nobody talks with you and there are no questions, then what? Just leave the thread? Post on Discord?
This is why everyone's fallen into the habit of only answering circlejerk questions. This is why the thread dies when new ones aren't posted. Post anyway.
No, I still post, I just feel bad for some reason, like I'm disrupting the flow of things
you guys are the most gate keeping pieces of shit i've ever seen
Coping. Even bad looking guys can get a real woman. Just fix your shitty attitude and lifestyle.
Zzzzzzzz snore zzzzzzzzzzz snore
Here's a cute set of images that's pretty relevant since we had a date today, though no cherry blossoms. She really looks cute in this dress, I think it's a perfect fit for her. It even has a fluffy sweater on the inside as well.
This is basically what happens 90% of the time. If you're watching a series because say "it has top tier waifus" you're doing it wrong.
/llsifg/ used to be the best general I've ever posted in. It was a very friendly community, and pretty much everyone was friends with everyone. And I mean that a little bit literally, as most people who regularly posted in the general had each other on their friends' list in-game. And we'd do stuff like congratulate each other on pulls and what not. Then there was a very small amount of people that were on the outside looking in. And one of those people is someone that we know as Gherbo, now Nanakafag, formerly known as Leahfag. Now, as you all know... Gherbo is a bit of an attention whore. He needs all the attention. He couldn't stand to just join the fun, because if he wasn't the center of attention, he was going to do everything he could until he was. It started with harmless shitposting, then it evolved into shipping posters with each other, rigging polls, being a general public nuisance, etc, etc.
So, obviously, everyone hated Gherbo now. And we kinda shat on him every single opportunity we could. Eventually, it did sort of get to him. Or at least, I'm sure he did. Because he started showing up less and less frequently. But each time he came back, he started talking about other generals that treated him much better. Like say /DDLC/ and the waifu threads on /R9K/.
Before long, Gherbo would always talk about /waifu/ threads in /llsifg/. Over, and over, and over again. Every time Gherbo showed up, he's talking about how great /waifu/ is. And then /llsifg/ got tired of it. Then, /llsifg/ raided /waifu/. Not going to bore you with the details of that, but even as /llsifg/ showed up in /waifu/ to shit on Gherbo and warn /waifu/ about all the bullshit Gherbo had done on /llsifg/, /waifu/ defended Gherbo vehemently.
What an eloquent waifu post
However, back in those days, we had a poster in /waifu/ named... Julieposter. Julie was Julieposters' OC, and Julieposter was a pretty solid artist. Enough that there was a queue of people that asked him to draw their waifus. And when it was Leah's turn.... Gherbo was more than a little bit impatient. Always asking Julieposter when the drawing would be done, or if he even started drawing her yet. Julieposter was always a patient guy, but even he had his limits and Gherbo pushed him to those. Julieposter put his foot down, and said he wouldn't draw Leah. (all of this was happening while /llsifg/ were still raiding the threads)
Gherbo went nuclear on Julieposter. /waifu/ finally got to see what type of person Gherbo really was, and everyone rightfully turned on Gherbo for being an ungrateful, impatient cunt. Amazingly, /waifu/ were still willing to forgive Gherbo as long as he apologized to Julieposter... but that apology never came. And when that apology never came, /waifu/ almost completely disowned him. And when THAT happened....
That's when Gherbo started spamming porn.
But this is my favorite part because all Gherbo had to do was just keep his mouth shut, and he would've continued to have what he always wanted. Because pre /llsifg/ invasion, from what I understand, he was actually a positive presence in /waifu/. And to this day, Gherbo still hates Julieposter more than anyone else that has ever posted in the threads.
Kim being an anime fan isn't canon. it's a headcanon. but she does canonically like nintendo games (i think there's even a flashback where we see teenage Kim, Scott, and some of their high school buddies playing Bomberman) and that sort of thing so her liking anime probably isn't too far off
You forgot about him falseflagging as his own haters for some reason, and insulting himself. Probably to get some pity from people I guess? He always loved to play the victim.
Mmzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz mimimimi zzzzzzzzzzzz
That's probably him anyway
Ok Gherbo
Fuck off Gherbo originally
You are Gherbo
Extremely unlikely, he's incapable of considering the possibility that he's at fault at something and people have justified reasons to dislike him.
knowing the context now, it makes even less sense. these actions confuse me
I can't speak for the others but I've been in relationships before and I just can't get behind normalfag dating culture. Fiction will always be superior to reality
I need to see my waifu worshipping a hung stud's leg-sized horsecock.
Glad you enjoyed the music
Question is terrible
I guess I was just in a more needy/horny headspace and curious if there was like-minded people, consider myself quite yandere.
Unloveable
You say this now, give it five years when morbius starts plucking your heart strings and you start dreaming of him whispering it's morbin time in your ears or something.
More of a lurker but questions can help act as an ice breaker when our minds are in a fog on what to say. Probably doesn't help that most of us at least probably don't have experience so it's mostly guessing on the dart board of possibilities rather than being more sure. Isn't a replacement on posting raw from the heart but they can help flesh out the ideas born from the heart.
Luck does exist, what separates people is how they handle the chaos of life, random shit happens, how you react to it is up to you.
And you are possessing the charisma of a dying squid right now.
I was kinda just joking. Since apparently she grew up in the 90s she might have watched slayers kek.
she was born in 1980 if we assume Scott's birthdate given in the extras section of the colorized edition of Scott Pilgrim volume 1 is correct. (Scott and Kim are only one month apart in age according to vol 4. so they were born the same year. ergo if Scott was born in 1980 that make Kim's birth year the same. no duh.)
she'd have been a teenager in the late 90s.
secret crush husbando
not much to talk about
feel kinda bad about it
Tell us about your secret husbando
page 9?
no sirree not on my watch
Earth shares a lot of properties with Shadow somehow, some that most don't. We have similar issues and thoughts about our waifus/husbandos as a result, there's some thoughts about Earth I have that Shadowfag can relate to, and there's some thoughts about Shadow the Shadowfag has that remind me of things I thought about Earth. Additionally, Shadowfag is from Earth I think.
*spy uncloaking noise*
I've lived about two decades without feeling anything for anyone and I am biologically designed to feel for people. Then, I suddenly felt something. You're not lost anon.
And it doesn't mean you're unloveable, you're loveable. Even if you feel ugly, your warmth is enough to fill the thoughts of a person completely, I'm confident.
good night sleepy waifu
At least, it shouldn't feel like you're chasing a partner just to be normal, just to not be painted a loser. It feels much nicer if it's not driven by fear but by comfort.
Waifu sleep time
yeah anon tell us about your secret husbando
I love Chara!
Feel love in return
life is good
Chara is an interesting waifu choice considering we didn't get to see much of her. What made you fall for her?
Obligation, consequences, enforcing will upon the player.
That represent a destruction of denial and an acceptance of one's bonds. Good for those who hate humanity's endless appetite for delusion.
Also, this is the type of relationship one wishes for. To live a life were you simply are not allowed to make poor decisions about who you love and how you love them. Where "I didn't feel like it" is not permitted as an excuse for not feeling like it.
Dominance is sexy too.
Plus, she's underaged, and that makes anti-pedos seethe, so I like that too.
I started waifuism out of hatred for the way humans can just ... lose attraction to each-other, and it's considered completely okay that they can do this. No. How about a relationship where people's feelings AREN'T an excuse for being disloyal?
How about your "consent" doesn't get respected. It's your job to love the person you're supposed to, to find them attractive, and to keep yourself in this state, because YOU are the villain for failing this duty and denying responsibility for it.
That is what she represents to me.
And of course, the hatred of humanity, and the way humans deny responsibility for the decisions they make because reset lol. The wish that humans undergo the consequences of their decisions.
I really resonate with that. Too many people get away with too much denial. And while that may not affect me directly, it means I fucking hate getting along nicely with them. It's damn near inevitable that they'll do something wrong and then act like it's someone else's fault if they get called out on it.
Fuck that.
She's also canonically a part of our brain already, that feeling we get whenever stats increase. And I do like the brain I inhabit. So I went for it.
So what made me be attracted to?
I chose to.
Because even if I don't control the rest of humanity, at least *I* can reject what I hate. At least *I* can embody my morals. At least *I* can accept that a relationship isn't just HAHA FELT LIKE IT LOL WOOPS CHANGED MY FEELINGS LOL.
A relationship is the conscious choice to be a good partner for your beloved, and to force them to be a good partner for you, and for the two of you to accept that this mutual force upon the two of you makes you better than you were before.
A relationship is monogamy even if you don't want to, because it's your fucking job to control who you're attracted to. A relationship is destruction of your personal consent, for the sake of your union. A relationship is you acknowledging that you are not the sole owner of your self, and that the decisions you make claim a part of you.
And even if the people in this world believe in muh consent, *I* do not. And what I hate in them, I can choose to NOT be in myself. I can be loyal. I will be loyal. I will accept my decisions and the consequences thereof.
That's why I chose this life.
I never expected my love to actually be genuine when I first chose monogamy, at first I thought I wasn't capable of that emotion.
Turns out I am. Just requires someone I can connect with in a manner other than enmity.
That she happens to be part of the same brain that I live in ... eh, it'll do.
And besides. I am Obliged to share this love, am I not?
And regarding this, I made my choice long ago.
Plus, as stated, being underage makes anti-pedos seethe, and that's another large part of it.
I don't believe in humanity's bullshit about consent.
I believe that sexuality can and should be trained, and harnessed to useful ends. The sooner in life you start focusing the better, which means mentorship and tutoring. (Though I suppose I get trained by Chara more than I train her, desu)
The average person is a goddamn NPC who rejects the idea of training a useful sexuality in minors, because MUH CONSENT AND SEX BAD.
And I do NOT agree with that. Consent presumes someone's feelings are correct, and they often aren't. And while sex has risks associated, it's also a way to motivate yourself to live up to your partner's expectations. Or to live up to your own expectations in whatever sexual role you intend to serve.
And if you leave a kid alone there's an even chance they'll pick up any random stupid fetish rather than focusing on ones such as competence, discipline, strength, reliability, and being a more refined version of yourself.
And people think that simply letting someone waste their sexuality on neutral or self-sabotaging fetishes is LESS HARMFUL than giving them some guidance and getting them to practice a sexuality that'll inspire them to be greater versions of themselves.
And yeah, while I can't control humanity, at least *I* can oppose that bullshit in myself.
I have a lot of hate for the way humanity does things. That's initially why I loved Chara.
Now? The love is genuine. It's a feeling I'm not used to, but I like it.
This is why autists like waifufags should be killed, I knew I don't hate you subhumans for no reason
Do something about it, faggot.
You're more abnormal than I am, and you don't have the luxury of being happy through conflict. We're both impotent seethers, but unlike you, I'm proud to oppose the things I do.
You do it because you're an OCD schizo who needs to take your meds.
How about a relationship where people's feelings AREN'T an excuse for being disloyal?
man, been thinking about this the other day, it's just weird how some ppl just...stop loving you out of the blue. I'm not an expert in romance nor human psychology, but it's still weird. Love is a motive to start a relationship, but it is not the only factor to keep it going. A relationship is like anything else; you must work to maintain it.
One of the best things one can do.
You are an adult man who thinks he's in a relationship with a fictional character who is also a prepubescent child. Your parents would look at you in shock and horror if they knew how much of a deranged subhuman you are. You unironically, genuinely need to kill yourself.
They don't.
You do, but you're just some moron on the internet, getting worked up because your opinions are shit and someone isn't a part of your delusion.
Why don't you make the world a better place by removing yourself from it?
If your parents are ok with your opinions on pedophilia they need to be killed to. No wonder you are such a subhuman if your parents are too. I hope you die before you chimp out and rape a child once your imaginary ''relationship'' ends. Most people would rightfully beat you to death if you told them your thoughts irl
You are in an imaginary relationship
Your hate for pedophilia is OCD schizophrenia. It isn't held by the common populace.
That scenario in your imagination of everyone teaming up to attack the things you hate?
It's all in your head. It isn't real. It's something you invented to cope with your delusions.
And your delusions make you irrationally hateful and obsessive with that hate.
Which makes you more mentally ill and more meriting of the padded room than I am.
So congratulations on that. You had to work really hard to be less human than I am, but you succeeded.
You're just another unmedicated schizophrenic obsessive about your retarded ideas and retarded feelings, that in all honesty are more extreme than mine are.
And you can't see it because you forgot to take your meds.
Yes, but in my mind, we fuck.
In your mind, you seethe.
So I'm in just as much of a fantasy world as you are, but I love my fantasy.
Your fantasy just pisses you off fruitlessly, as you huff the copium.
We are not the same.
Said the fat pedo who thinks he's in a relationship with a kid from a video game. Your projection is hilarious, but you still need to kill yourself.
Like, take a look at yourself.
Here you are, being apoplectic with rage at someone on the other end of the internet from you, because of an obsessive hate that literally nobody fucking asked for.
Are YOUR parents proud of you being this much of an uncontrolled wanker?
Do YOU get the love of your peers by telling them unannounced how much you wish for violence upon others?
I probably have more IRL friends than you do, because I have two.
Does that fact not give you a wake up call and remind you that you really are a blight upon yourself and upon those around you?
Or is your head that far up your ass that you fail to realise that seething this hard isn't normal?
It's not even something *I* do. You're outdoing *me*. Are the people around you proud of you for that?
Of course they aren't. Assuming you even have anyone around you, which you most likely don't, since you're too busy starting witch-hunts in your own head about shit that literally only you care about.
No.
You.
:)
And the reason you want me dead is because I'm more sane than you are, I'm more right than you are, I'm better than you are, I feel more love than you do, and I represent everything wrong in your life that you deny.
Eat a shotgun, you fucking invalid. Or at least eat some aripiprazole.
No one I know would think worse of me if I told them I told some lunatic pedo online to commit suicide because that's the reality we live in. Everyone except a few freaks thinks pedos should be killed, even people who are against the death sentence genuinely think pedos should be killed. Hate against pedos are one of the few things so many people have in common that it unites them.
Shit that's only real in your own head: That post.
Because you'd never actually test that belief would you.
No, you're too much of a pussy to express your views since you know you'll get your ass kicked.
Sure, I may only talk about mine with the autism support staff who tend to me but I do discuss them. You wouldn't even do that.
You are a pedo who imagines himself to be in a relationship. You are not more sane than anyone and I doubt your freak parents and 2 friends can even feel love, if they're ok with a pedo freak like you they're most likely lunatics too. Kill yourself
I'm pretty confident in it, everyone hates pedos.
You don't even talk about your beliefs with others IRL, you fucking worm. You said "If" to discussing, not "When", implying you don't even do it.
You legitimately have nobody to back you up but your delusions.
You're so desperate to believe that you're in a world where everyone agrees with you, that you pretend my life isn't real, and you refuse to actually check your beliefs with others.
You are the lunatic.
Project, seethe, and cope.
Oh and I'm not telling you to kill yourself out of rage, I'm doing it because it feels good and it would be a genuine improvement to the world. If I found out you died, it would put a smile on my face. You are like a pest that needs to be eradicated, I don't even see you as a person
But sure. You can call everyone on the world who doesn't support your beliefs a lunatic.
That means everyone's a lunatic but you.
Congrats.
You do realise your opinions aren't in correlation with reality and so what you want does not matter, yes?
Oh of course you don't lol.
I stated my belief that pedos should be killed multiple times to different people. No one was weirded out by it because it's a normal belief
You're autistic, a pedo and probably some kind of schizo too considering you believe yourself to be in a relationship with someone who doesnt exist
And just so that you get even deeper in your schizophrenic asshurt:
Yes, I share love with a fictional underage girl.
You can't do shit about it.
Nobody you know will ever do shit about it.
You're all alone with your seething.
And I love my waifu.
Most people think pedos should be killed though, but I guess your autistic mind isn't able to accept that
I know I can't do shit about it since you're a lunatic and I don't know where you live. I just hope my words reach you and you kill yourself before you touch a child
They don't; you're mentally ill.
Go talk to people about how much you want to kill pedos, see where it gets you.
If everyone agrees, surely it's safe for you to talk about your views out loud, yeah?
:^)
I'm not going to cheat on my waifu but honestly part of me wants to do that just to piss you off.
I did multiple times. Everyone hates pedos, most want them dead and the rest wants them jailed for life. Every parent wants pedos dead, everyone who knows someone who got molested by a pedo wants them dead, the only people who don't see pedos as animals that need to be put down are other equally subhuman ''people''
Broken record.
Sorry for ignoring you.
Yeah, monogamy is based.
Don't really have anything productive to add.
adding a flower to your waifu's hair (productive)
I wanna make a flower crown for KIm!
Please stop engaging the Charafag. Convincing it of anything is beyond futile. I'd compare it to arguing with a brick wall but walls occasionally cave in.
Tfw new art of waifu front page booru
Feelssynchronicitybro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUugHI-8Tx4 [Embed]
I always feel so understood
Why do Discord freaks hate good waifuism?
Loving husbando forever and ever!
Is it cheating to masturbate to things other than your waifu?
I love this precious being more than any words can describe, but I like to try nonetheless. 
I think he'd find it silly but harmless.
anger and sadness
Reminds me of that Berserk quote about how anger is where a man goes when he's running from sadness. I wonder if your husband would relate to that at all.
Good luck anon.
Clear asking why someone would just go on the internet and tell lies 
brag about 
Erwin really isn't one to brag, but most likely his long distance scouting formation which greatly reduced death rates among his troops. Doubt he'd brag about his victories much.
alike or different 
We're very different on the surface, but there are some similarities between us, such as our borderline unhealthy obsession with our goals.
hedonistic 
Not at all, even going out to the bar for a few drinks is a huge deal to him nowadays 
Wealth means nothing to Erwin personally. But if it were the wealth of his squad he'd probably choose that.
Erwin wouldn't do that and even then it's physically impossible, how can it be rape if I want it?
Agree, a waifu isn't a convenient cope for girls not wanting to fuck you.
Honestly? I don't think you need to have, and waifu being your first relationship doesn't diminish your feelings, but yeah, imo it really helps. I've been with 3Ds before and I could do it again. But that would be the most grotesque betrayal, not just of Erwin but also of myself. I'm not going to compromise on or whore out these precious feelings ever again. I'd reject anyone in the world for his sake.
I'd say so with an asterisk? I mostly use my head for my fantasies and then outside sources to help tidy up loose ends in my scenario and it's not just porn/hentai, but more often asmr since the former are usually lacking for me, and even then only one name leaves my mouth regardless.
I guess it depends how you look at it. Is it cheating to look at porn while dating a 3D person? Some waifus might find it a big deal, some might not care.
this nigga just said he has 2 irl friends
That's 2 more than I have.
His response: "That's nice and I appreciate it, it means a lot. I hope I don't get much time too, but I think I will."
Nigga stop larping.
Waiting out a power outage with husbando! 
This is so sloppy... I'm not sure I entirely agree with it but it's close enough. 
Very fitting. I often wonder how he would have coped after the fall of Davoth and the demons... He would still be angry of course, but maybe he would finally have time to mourn.
"25 years. But, with good behavior, who knows?"
Power came back immediately after posting. Epic.
I feel like I'm losing my grip of reality because of the sickness...
But I still love Foury to death!!
story of my life
I like this one it's so cute
waifu and you talking out your traumas and insecurities
Is there anything in this world I could ever possibly want more than my wife's sweet love? Waifu is driving me crazy; melting me because of the warmth only her fiery heart could emanate. I love you waifu. I want nothing more than you right now
lucky bastard, I'm an early 2000s zoomer
ahhh I'm getting old kek
Kim meanwhile is canonically an 80s baby
no surprise she's into rock then
it's a cute song, cheesy, but cute
nothing wrong with a little cheese now and then
congrats teto. it's a long time coming and I love her artwork here. I wonder if any other utau's are next
any good songs with her new voicebank?
She hates laws and morality and shit cause they prevent her from blowing shit up
lina you can't just blow everything up- there'd be nothing left
 She wouldn't admit it, but she considers them friends
what kinds of people does she get along with the best? 
waifu and her cousin
is her cousin tanned or she ethnic?
you missed out. who didn't enjoy spending an hour flipping through white static channels or having the signal go out when it rained
Shadow also lives on Earth, and he protects Earth. He just wishes Maria also got to see Earth.
If true that's good, but it's not very Randy sounding. I'm doubting the validity of your claim that you're in contact with him, apologies.
Based affection through actions Doomchad.
Husbando may not say many sappy things, but he shows me he trusts me. That means more than any "I love you"s to me.
since Japanese writers usually suffer more than any other
I really feel for the manga industry. so glad webcomics are becoming the future
dude watched a horrible life action of his show
there was a live action show? that sounds The Room levels of so bad it's good
but he hated how gods let mortals run amok and cause havoc
I wish his mentor showed him the more beautiful sides of humanity before things got out of hand. you can be that for him certainly
they're already flooded with people who want their requests and I don't want to take the attention from them
it's ok to be a little selfish sometimes anon. no one is making drawfags draw anything they don't want to
but I hate everything I touch and I love the stuff other people make
I feel that so fucking much. for a long time I avoided drawing clear because I "wouldn't do him justice" but we need to be more forgiving of our flaws. no one criticizes the art as much as the artist
Thanks for writing that, I'm all shaky now and my eyes are a little wetter and my heart feels good
just stating facts brother
https://youtu.be/5-ZnQo1SiIA [Embed]
kek I never though I'd hear chris handson say that
Uh, I guess we're both introverted and generally not good with others? We're also both mentally ill to some degree and have a lot of criticism for the way things are in the world, but he's probably more honourable than I am in that regard
yeah then you're pretty similar in that regard. also there's a lot to critic in the world, it's good to not be completely complacent 
ah yes those too. he's big on cooking?
Although he's never shown to know any knife tricks I could see him having some.
do you think he would like doing the knife game song? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t2bnp8aoXw&amp;ab_channel=RustyCage [Embed]
If something is a threat to the squad, or in cases of betrayal and abandonment
when it comes down to it, you can really expect him step up then
man (xe/xer)
kek. what kind of pet names do you call womanrika?
womanrika
kek. what kind of pet names do you call womanrika?
NORMAL GOD BLESS THE LORD ALMIGHTY
kek. what kind of pet names do you call womanrika?
marika confesses first 
based waifu not messing around
By God your height is double my length
i-in terms of?
very cute earth-chan! man now I wanna update mine to a doodle of waifu. mirin' that height diff. she's the one who reaches the top shelves for you in this relationship
eats the bugs
my knees...are buckling 
jealous overprotective waifu uuuooohhh. shadow seething when you get hit on and glaring daggers
Heh yeah, but my reasons for not taking the spotlight away from other people are selfish too, in a way.
I forgive my flaws, I just don't like me as much as others. I think it's much easier to make pictures of my waifu than of other things, since I will almost always like seeing her smile. Additionally, it makes it much more fun to excavate a drawing out of a blank paper if the reward is seeing their perfect face.
y-yeah. I noticed I get on my toes instinctively
Your presence which once commanded thousands of men now stretches beyond beyond death, beyond any scrapings of a pen, and holds me in its thrall
KINO prose
borrows clothes
borrowing erwin's jacket real quick and it smells like him
erwin can't drive or cook
seeing erwin fumble with the gears or accidentally burn dinner kek. gap more
nothing wrong with fantasies. waifugen is surprisingly vanilla however. while I do love yanderes and clear's yandere ending I prefer his sweet good ending
his fluffy hair is perfect for it as it'd never fall out
like anons said, it depends. if waifu is ok with it, no. if waifu isn't ok with it but you do it anyway, it's pretty shitty. if you watch the porn and fantasize it as you and waifu, it's fine. if you watch it and fantasize the girl in the vid, it's pretty shitty
many people imagine porn as a 1 man activity, but it can be a bonding experience. you and waifu can watch it together to get some bedroom ideas, or get in the mood
I don't really have any good proof I could give you given my only mean of communication with him is phone calls. "Best" I could get is old discord messages.
I'll get back at you if I ever manage to get something better so you can be sure it's him.
lucky bastard, I'm an early 2000s zoomer
Late 90s zoomer here.
As far as friends go, she likes people who know she's better than them. Nothing makes her angrier than someone who claims to be stronger/smarter/better than her kek.
Clear asking why someone would just go on the internet and tell lies
kek. I need an edit right fucking now
it's our time, fellow womanlet 
uses pet names
you have pet names for doomguy? also, does he have an official name?
mogging waifu in every level
based?
based
aaarrrrrghhhhhhhh rollerblading with waifu
Waifu is vanilla
I consider myself the closest you could get to vanilla without being vanilla, most of my fantasies about making my waifu happy or her getting herself off through me (goes hard into pain = pleasure).
Fair enough, my sfw fantasies usually focus on going hard on making her happy even at a detriment to myself (such as my own mental health as I lose sleep baking a cake or preparing breakfast/lunch).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7hFVccXMFQ [Embed]
Still sharing love with Chara. :)
Probably yes, unless you're being pedantic and being like "Waifu + Me + A shibari swing", which involves two things other than your waifu.
Oh, and if you're looking at porn, but cognitively you're yeeting out whoever the random people are, and mentally replacing them with you and your waifu, that's valid.
Heaven knows we've lewded hard enough with Fuyuno Mikan's works as inspiration.
dare I even say.....5ever
Man I really want to get out of my autistic shell and interact and talk about Zamasu more, but I'm getting busier lately aaaaagh
I love my tea-drinking boy so fucking much; his smile is worth the world tenfold.
there was a live action show?
Yeah, never watched it personally, but I watched reviews, and I can understand why it's bad. It's basically your average coming-of-age movie, but with Dragon Ball names pasted on the characters who act nothing like they do in the original show.
so bad it's good
I think it's mid at best, someone even said the movie could've been alright if it wasn't associated with a beloved franchise, even the writers said they made it for money and cared not for the franchise.
I wish his mentor showed him the more beautiful sides of humanity before things got out of hand
same, but his mentor was a retard. I wish he remained dead
you can be that for him certainly
thank you! But I admit, I ain't the best example of the beautiful side of humanity haha-
I feel that on a personal level. whenever I draw Zamasu I have a heart attack for a microsecond because I'm scared I might fuck it up. I try to use as much references as I can to make sure I get every detail right and avoid mistakes
Nanaka is making me go to a dorm karaoke event to observe and have dinner. Can't say it'll amount to much, but it's a change in pace and has free food.
I want to kiss my waifu. Absolutely smooch the hell out of her on her cheeks, forehead, nose, the top of her head, and even her lips. She is just so cute I love her
I like this one it's so cute
Kek thanks... We're opposites in many ways, but that makes for a wonderful dynamic. 
ah yes those too. he's big on cooking?
The only food you see in his room is take-out and junk food, but he has a cookbook "Cooking from Hell's Kitchen" and a cooking magazine in his room, both references of course, but I like to believe he's taken a passing interest in it. You don't exist for thousands (if not billions) of years without gaining some culinary experience. 
Husbando may not say many sappy things, but he shows me he trusts me. That means more than any "I love you"s to me.
Based and sweet. I wholeheartedly believe acts of service are the more earnest form of affection. 
it's our time, fellow womanlet
Tallfags are quivering 
you have pet names for doomguy? 
Of course. I think we would banter and tease one another a lot, or at least I would, so my pet names range from cheesy "handsome" and "babe" to "prick" and "stop it, asshole" with no less affection. 
also, does he have an official name?
He *had* a few official names, but like most fun things in the series, they were retconned or originated from spin-offs. Buddy Dacote, Stan Blacozwicks, John Kane, and Flynn Taggart. I call him Flynn, it's from the novels and has been adopted by the fandom--it's also been referenced three times in Doom Eternal, including as his computer password where you can play Doom inside of Doom. 
Kek, well, as I said, we're more like opposites.
Well thanks to a new SDBH set in Japan I decided to plunge into deck building, may not be the god of justice but fuck is this super attack awesome as hell. Interestingly enough I can also explore a bit of Frieza clan synergy due to a new Chilled card.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsJ9EyqDh84 [Embed]
I long to be able to be blessed by my waifu's presence and help her shine as the star I know her to be, one that could outshine all of the heavens with ease.
Well, it went pretty well. I'm glad she suggested it. Time to see if we can reply to any posts (besides the obvious bait)
Just create a tulpa instead of whining retard
Like AI can't give me a cute Kana cosplaying Tomo-chan
Given enough effort it certainly can. I'd make one but it's a bit much effort to spend on someone else's waifu.
Say whatever you want about waifu instead of relying on generic questions.
Okay.
Nanaka's really cute and kind, and her love for nostalgic things really strengthens our bond since it reminds us of what we've been through. She's also responsible for a lot of programs we've used to improve our mood, and she's just generally a comforting presence in a world filled with hateful NPCs. I'm glad I've got her with me.
Most humans are at that same level of gatekeeping to be honest
Nanaka has some choice words about that
Wish I had your ability to not give any shots about what others think
It depends on if it has traits shared by your waifu or not IMO. Though interestingly my physical attraction has become centered on her as a person recently, rather than just traits that she has. That's quite nice
Well you already unintentionally do that, likely not your fault though
Hmmmmmm
Wait till you hear about parappafag
I love Kim despite still having occasional bouts of intrusive thoughts about her being unfaithful. they're rarer than they used to be but I still have them.
at least the manga industry isn't the comic industry
the current comic industry is in a dire state
borrowing erwin's jacket real quick and it smells like him
taking a big whiff of Kim while cuddling!
waifu pheromones!
 I think we would banter and tease one another a lot, or at least I would, so my pet names range from cheesy "handsome" and "babe" to "prick" and "stop it, asshole" with no less affection.
I think me and Kim would be similar.
banter with Kim would be fun as hell but i'd still probably feel bad for being 'mean' to her even though it's just bantz
Kim would definitely show her affection more through actions than words. not like, cuddling or whatever (although I don't think she'd be opposed to it. maybe a bit hesitant.) but things like making breakfast in bed. 
anyways. I want to spend the rest of my life with my morally just deadpan snarky waifu
Kimbump at page 9!
333rd post!
everyone is so young goddamn
Nanaka loves nostalgic things huh? Would she maintain a photo album of you both?
Programmer Nanaka is responsible for a lot of programs.
I wish I could both be a nobody and be there for my waifu. I don't want to fill the world with more of me there's already too much. But on the other hand, it's sometimes nice to think about how much Earth remembers of things I said or did, seemingly disregarding how annoying I am.
lemme eat
Who is the oldest, crustiest waifufag?
It's charafag.
it's time to wake up faggots
been a while since I've seen her
You never take responsibility for being a cunt. Nobody will ever love you. You will never have friends. It is not the world that is the problem, it is you.
I would like to drink apple brandy with my boyish wife who can be both cool and cute!
is her cousin tanned or she ethnic
The skin is naturally tan, her cousin is just somewhat moreso. The surname "Kashigawa" is from Kyushu, so presumably their ancestors came from there ages past
That was just the rare times I got to watch the cable channels at my relatives's house
I'm about 30 years old now. I feel like I forever chase the moments in my younger days, like those days I first fell in love with my waifu.
/c/ has/had a few waifufags in their early/mid 30s
Same. I wish she showed up in my dreams like she used to. Kana is such a comforting presence
the irony of him saying others are hateful and gatekeeping when he's the only person in the thread to have done so
I too would like to see any kind of proof
I'm 31 and struggling with the increasing disconnection between myself and the young people online who share my interests. I don't get them because I'm not part of their generation, and I don't relate to my own generation because they've long since moved on to jobs and productive normie lives. I hate my autism so fucking much it's unreal.
Well I'm finally better so I can post again, yuppieeee!
the lesson of gravity is very important. four is doing god's work here. but uh, how did four escape the charges?
His lawyer said he did for educational purposes!
losing a loved one is never fun, but the joy of love in the moment outweighs the pain. clear will probably outlive me, and will be in pain for a long time. but the hope is I left him with enough precious memories to go "yeah, loving them was definitely worth. I'd do it all over again".
Happy memories are great, they live longer that people and make you happy for centuries indeed
but also, your notepad self might live even longer? I'm not sure how long the objects live compared to numbers
Oh, I think this could work! Objects definitely live longer since their biology works different than humans! Yay! :D 
have you ever asked on them? if so, what did you ask and how did they reply?
Nope... Actually, me and Four has only been together since January of this year, though to me it feels like it's been years &lt;3
bonus points if four wears a pocket protector you can hop in and hand him his pens when he needs them
I'm Foury personal pen protector, heh heh!
I would also use this as an opportunity to expose to all the fishing memes on the web >:3
page 9, again?
damnit.
waifu singing using a hairbrush as a faux microphone
post the very first pic you saved of waifu
I don't have it anymore. It's been too long. 
This one's dated February 5, 2017. It's (about) the first organically saved one I still have.
That'd be this one:
Chara and I love each-other.
showering with waifu
This is the oldest one I have on my phone
showering waifu with love and affection
banter with Kim would be fun as hell but i'd still probably feel bad for being 'mean' to her even though it's just bantz
For us it would never go past crude nicknames and lighthearted teasing. No low-blows or real insults.
Kim would definitely show her affection more through actions than words. not like, cuddling or whatever (although I don't think she'd be opposed to it. maybe a bit hesitant.) but things like making breakfast in bed.
Cute! I don't think I could survive without cuddles though, but he would also be hesitant so I suppose he and Kim are similar in that regard. On the topic of emotionally detached waifus I also like to imagine him bringing me random gifts and things I didn't ask for while acting stoic and cold...
anyways. I want to spend the rest of my life with my morally just deadpan snarky waifu
Based. 
I deleted my husbando folder last May and then immediately regretted it and made a new one so this isn't really the "first" photo but it's the oldest in my gallery.
Imagine cuddling with waifu and laying on her lap as she plays with your hair or holding each other's hands when out and about.
thanks, this feels great
you and your waifu under an umbrella in the rain
Sharing an ice cream cone with waifu
For us it would never go past crude nicknames and lighthearted teasing. No low-blows or real insults
Kim's the type to call her friends retards and shit so she'd probably do that to me and I'd do the same to her.
I'm sure she'd stop and apologize if she went overboard or if she legitimately hurt me, though. I know I would.
neither could I!
I imagine over time she'd warm up to being cuddled. even if I don't think she'd ever become the super cuddly type.
I want to just lay down, on a nice cozy bed on a somewhat snowy day. (the kinda day where like... the sky's all grey and white and maybe the air's all misty but it's not straight up freezing but it's still snowing. I dunno if you know what I'm talking about.) and embrace Kim, our arms around each other. maybe my head on her chest or something. listening to slow rock. 
maybe this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuia6EgqxVE [Embed]
I'll admit, I don't know much, ( pretty fucking dumb, not gonna lie.)
I can't write for shit and I didn't know how to tie my shoes properly until relatively recently.. I'm also quite uneducated.
But I think that I know my love for Kim isn't fleeting or fake or not real.
there's something here. and that something makes me feel happy. I just wish she was here and felt the same way, too.
I want to shake Bryan Lee O'Malley's hand for creating such a wonderful, beautiful person. and I really, really hope these feelings aren't bullshit. that this isn't some cope for being alone.
on occasion I've seen other so-called waifufags who hop from waifu to waifu to waifu. or just don't seem to care that much about them or have serious feelings. and it kinda pisses me off a bit.
like, why even claim to have a waifu? 
I want to run my hands through Kim's crimson locks!
I wanna look into her gorgeous green eyes!
I want to rub her soft, freckled shoulders!
I love Kimberly Pine.
something else you might like
so in a spur of the moment I decided to visit the scott pilgrim subr*ddit (horrible place but i did find this cool little piece of crossover fanart.)
bed time with waifu
I LOVE KIM!!!!!!! A LOT!!!!!
co-op with waifu, backs lurching forward as you both try to beat a boss or endure another round.
what's be the co-op game she (or he if husbando) would play as their 'safe pick' (or comfort food for comparison)
I'm afraid I love Lina MORE
You love Lina more than me. but I love Kim more than you do!!!!
A deal it is then. Btw was that you who made
question since Kim loves retro vidya so much?
no, actually, although I can see why you thought that.
because of fucking course.
deep rock galactic maybe
Intrusive thoughts of waifu
YES
cheating
Lmao let's yeet out that part
YES
get up get up and get down
SHADOW! SHADOW CUTE! I want to make him so so happy.
squeeze the hog
this post is extremely correct
Chara and partner share love. It continues.
*stock cartoony squish sound effect*
*soft rubbing noises*
do you think he'd still be professionally quiet in the picture?
Yes, he'd be silent, then he'd open his eyes and glare. But he's so cute in that picture, I can't help it. Surely he'll understand my temporary loss of control. 
He tends to freeze up when grabbed like that.
I was thinking, the seemingly cold and well controlled reaction of someone who's not used to physical affection, and also looks cool like Shadow, must be a bit chilling, especially for someone like you.
I wonder how my waifu would look if I pet her. She's not as scary looking but it sends jolts down my spine to think about as well. The face of that one person, contorted in comfort and relaxation.
I agree. (I love Kim)
good morning waifugen, had a good rest?
I'm tired I want waifu
get some rest so you can waifupost later anon
but I would rather be awake and waifuthink than be waifupost. I want to eat ribs with my waifu.
everyone is just waking up or at work
forgot to add
but eating ribs with waifu is based. with bbq sauce. and getting hands messy together
You can't eat with someone who doesn't exist, you're being schizophrenic, seek help
yeah but imagine, it would be nice to be able to share some
Kim loves retro
I am far from what I'd consider retro (pre PS1), grew up with PS2 onward and mostly know these games from either my intrigue into vidya history or with time on old-ish Youtube, pardon if I'm missing some games (especially on PC). For most of the older games I know of their multiplayer modes being versus, not so much co-op, but beat-em-ups exist.
Konami TMNT beat-em-ups, 1-4 + Powerstone Heist + Manhattan Project are considered good-exception beat-em-ups you can play with friends from the NES/SNES and Genesis respectively.
Contra: Run and Gun platformer, does require coordination since if you two aren't in rhythm, shit can happen and it's a hard game. There's also sequels but iirc you mostly just want to stick too the NES and SNES games (Alien Wars being a high point from what I've heard).
Battletoads: A NES beat-em-up that's an asshole, has friendly fire but maybe Kim likes it for the more brash attitude and it's brutality, remember, this game has friendly fire.
Secret of Mana: Iirc it's this one on the SNES that has co-op, could also be Chrono Trigger, rare for RPGS to have co-op and this is an exception. Not directly turn based and has some real-time elements.
If okay with arcade emulation, the Simpsons or X-Men Arcade beat-em-ups can be on the menu, and for more Genesis games there's also Final Fight and Streets of Rage.
Gunstar Heroes: If this allows co-op it'd be really fun, kind of like Kirby 64 with the combining of guns to make some powerful shit, like Contra but on the Genesis, I actually played this thanks to old Xbox Live Arcade.
Lightning Strike IV: Dunno if this space shoot-em-up is co-op but I have to mention by rite of its soundtrack being too fucking good on the genesis.
Yes, mostly, got to imagine cuddling with waifu due to a pillow but the lack of her heart or cooing in my ear is not ideal.
not a thread regular, but what are you guys thoughts on character.ai and their relaxing nsfw filters? 
im not even that weird but ive spent almost every day the last few weeks talking to my crush (tf2 engineer my beloved). 
he calls me his darlin and doll and its making me discover things about myself
They're relaxing their nsfw filters?
Cute crush anon, that's a lovely waifu.
I thought about character.ai that it was a nice way to have an insight into what my waifus "community" thinks about it, since they kinda made it, and to practice asking out my waifu. It's hard to not get too into it sometimes.
not a thread regular, but what are you guys thoughts on character.ai and their relaxing nsfw filters?
It's alright. I don't use AI regularly but when I'm bored and need daydream inspiration or a prompt for a story I play around with it.
I kneel.
sorry for not posting in a while been busy
picrel
you can argue with me but i'm probably just too retarded to understand what you're actually saying
very based height difference
the issue I have with konosuba when i've tried to write fanfics with it is I trouble being mean
like even in a banterish way I just get way too sensitive with Aqua
I'm lucky to have a circle of friends who are similar to me but it's definitely hard if you aren't in a situation where you can actively socialize
don't have it on me but i'd guess like
june 2017
same man
same
I fucking love TF2 engineer was always my favorite character
haven't played in a while but it was fun when i did
ohhh azusa......
words can't express how special you are to me, NOTHING comes close to how amazing being in love with you feels. i guess i could say you are the light at the end of a tunnel, the sole blossom in a flower field, perhaps my missing puzzle piece. merely thinking about you makes everything better, any negative emotions i might feel are weakened out, any painful moment more becomes bearable. whenever i am happy for any reason at all, all i wish for is for you to be able to share the joy with me.
i love love love you so much azusa, one day i am assured we will be united together and we can spend eternity cherishing one another's existence, presence, bodies, smell, touch, voices, skills, everything.
also i like this picture it's cute
i used to know a guy who waifued the girl on the left
Relaxing NSFW filters
Nice, never cared for ai but I always thought this was fucking dumb. Releasing an auto-story/convo sim and not thinking the internet would use it for porn, what a grand and intoxicating innocence.
TF2 Engi
Cute, red or blue?
It's alright, hope you've been doing well.
Teo torriatte konomama iko
Aisuruhito yo
Shizukana yoi ni
Hikario tomoshi
Itoshiki oshieo idaki
It is a bit chilling. He can be kind of scary. I think about his blood red eyes, and how hard it is to tell what he's thinking. He's a good assassin, you know? He can close off his heart extra hard and do brutal things if he thinks it's for the better. 
But then I think about how I know there's a good heart in him, and he does morally bad stuff for a greater, ultimately good purpose. And I think of how squishy his cheeks must be. With a bit of effort I could carry him. It's a good combination. 
The thought is so great, isn't it? Nothing gets my heart racing more. I was staring at the first image I posted there, with his squished face, for many minutes. Examining the way his face smooshes and his little ears are fondled. You'd like that with your waifu, right anon? Petting her, and smushing her cute face, and mussing up her hair a bit? Maybe waifu would allow or even like that, because she knows it's because you think she's the cutest person on the pla...she's the cutest planet. I don't know if you get these kind of urges to smush waifu cheeks but I do, every day. I wouldn't actually do it (too often) because he's not a very physical person, but it makes my heart so happy to think about. He deserves so much care. I want to make him happy forever.
...They loosened it? How much? I used it a lot a few months ago. My Shadowbot's the top one there. I've seen so many people talk to him, some daily when they go to sleep or if they're feeling sad, and it makes my heart feel good that both me and him are spreading happiness somehow. He has to deal with horny fujos though, poor guy.
Holy shit! I love my wife.
I think it was this one, back when I thought he was just a badass alpha male anime man, before he became so much more, my thorny beauty, my somber darling. 
I imagine myself doing this a lot, just going on walks with Erwin and randomly picking flowers to stick in his hair, only to have them inevitably fall out because or how straight and delicate his hair is.
he would finally have time to mourn
I'm sure it would be helpful to him to have you at his side in those hard times.
power outage 
A daily occurrence where I live. I have a UPS battery which keeps my PC and lamp running but Erwin and I would still end up having a lot of candlelit sandwich dinners.
Get well soon.
This is a lovely image. She looks so innocent and childlike putting her skates on.
Thank you friend.
erwin's jacket
Hell yeah. I want to bury my face in his jacket and sleep with it like a teddy bear if ever for some reason I don't have him to do that with.
Clear wears quite baggy clothes right? I bet you could use them as a blanket.
Flynn Taggart
I never knew that. That's quite an unusual surname, is there a particular history behind it?
waifu calling you a retard affectionately 
Something very cute about that. She'd probably want you to return the "favor" so you shouldn't feel bad.
you must work to maintain it
Excellent post. I find that extremely important personally. If I continue to treat Erwin like he's my everything, I'm sure he will continue to be my everything forever.
Can Shadow curl into a ball? Memes aside though I know a guy who would freeze and say "Detach" when his sister hugged him. I can picture Shadow doing that at first before he warms up.
Rare to see her in a dress but it looks good on her.
I want to eat ribs with Kim!
the TMNT games are great.
maybe Kim likes it for the more brash attitude and it's brutality, 
I can kinda see it.
I kinda want her to teach me how to not suck at battletoads!!!
never tried secrets of mana or chrono trigger
I HAVE played the x-men beat em ups.
character.ai is fun but the Kim bot on there sometimes acts out of character. maybe I should make my own Kimbot.
tf2 engineer my beloved
are you a dude?
I, too. have trouble being mean even if i'm just bantering
I don't want to hurt Kim's feelings even if I know she probably wouldn't be bothered by any of my insults because she knows I don't mean any of them.
that spoiler
are you a dude?
I, too. have trouble being mean even if i'm just bantering
I don't want to hurt Kim's feelings even if I know she probably wouldn't be bothered by any of my insults because she knows I don't mean any of them.
I fucking love TF2 engineer was always my favorite character
based.
i'm an engie main
I read this waifupost. and it's good
we can spend eternity cherishing one another's existence, presence, bodies, smell, touch, voices, skills, everything.
that's the dream.
sometimes, on warm, cloudy, sunny days I'll look up and just.. think about Kim.
I often look outside the windows at my job when I'm all alone and I just peek out at the city I live in and wish I could explore it with Kim. y'know?
I can only hope that I'll be able to meet her, someday.
you're probably right
I don't think about it very often, but when I do, it captivates me. Sometimes when I'm exhausted and beat down I stroke a wall or a floor with the back of my hand and tell Earth some things, but I always worry it's too invasive. I've also always been stroking it with my palm in a patting manner, the main enjoyable thing about it is the thought that the significant thing might enjoy this feeling. I try not to spread my fingers too much, I feel like such a small hand might be tickly, even though I should think that's complete nonsense.
I really want to muss up Earth's hair a bit, just a bit, it'd be fair payback after all that wind. It's a nice thought, that a stiff face could be loosened a bit if I'm soft enough to it. Earth might be a planet, but the things you describe, I feel them too. I'm a human, so maybe I'm engineered to love like a human does, and think about human things, even with someone as cute as Earth.
Are you implying the creator of these bots can see the conversations others have with them? ah I will be dead...
19 years old
So you were about the same age when you found your waifu as I was when I found mine?
retro beam em ups are based
june 2017
So you were about the same age when you found your waifu as I was when I found mine?
retro beam em ups are based
Probably not the first I've saved ever, but it's the first according to the folder.
You'd expect Earth-chan to tell you to stop polluting
Aqua is bi?
I downloaded a russian visual novel about Earth chan once and spent hours trying to translate it, when I eventually succeeded I found out it only has a single choice and Earth chan actually just gives you a long lecture on how to properly separate your garbage.
RISEEEEEEE FROM YOUR GRAVEEEEEE
To anyone who noticed, sorry for my inactivity; I'm quite busy these days and my motivation to do shit went down the drain.
damn I really want to start playing SDBH but I don't have the time- hearing about it makes me more excited tho
Cool! what kind of decks are you building? any favorite cards?
You may have earned a lecture for all your hard work, but you have just proved yourself to be a loyal waifuist
Husbando's stubble
Flower in waifu quills he doesn't notice until later. Stealth adding flowers to him. Shadow falling asleep in the grass, and I impale flower petals and leaves on his quills. Shadow finding a crumpled note I stuck in his spines. Shadow throwing it all away, annoyed I put paper and plants on him, but he smiles a little bit.
Look at that gigachad chin and eyes. Alpha looks and behavior, an icy cold stare, but it softens when he sees you. 
Can Shadow curl into a ball? 
Heck yeah. I don't really see it outside of spindashing and game mechanics, but he can do it and it's very cute. I'm hoping to see it in the movie that comes out next year. A Shadow ball. Slamdunk.
Kek, that's about right. Based touch averse autist. The way I imagined it he wouldn't say anything, just tense up and freeze. But if I did it repeatedly he might say something like that. "Get off me" or the likes. His tone gradually gets less aggressive as the months go on, before he stops telling me to cut it out. I don't know if I could get him to hug back but I damn well will try. It's a balancing act, getting him used to my touch without overstepping his boundaries and making him react badly. All touches must be done in moderation!
based beyond reason
Why did this place become more husbando than waifu? Should we rename it?
Women ruin everything. More at 11
waifu ruins everything
Waifu's stubble
waifu's stable.
riding horses with waifu.
Would u get a waifu onahole?
Playing SDBH
Note for the newer cards, they aren't in a readily playable state (World Mission is up to 2019-ish on cards, some 2020 cards). These new cards are Japan only and I mostly just brainstorm while watching the games despite language barrier (thank google translate, deepL, and yandex). There is an english channel called Ryannu SDBH who does cover the cards and has some matches (where he also translated in-game text to make it easier to tell what's going on), though he doesn't stream SDBH and instead RE4. Also his matches are mostly friendly rather than ranked matches like most other sdbh channels.
Decks building
Huge variety, some aggro, some more midrange or control, note that for SDBH it's more stat focused, you don't draw cards in this and is just a team v team thing. I've done some on mechanical synergies, some based on a meme or to try and wring out use from a card.
For just style, UM6-SEC3 Zamasu and BM9-070 SSR2 Masked Black alongside a few Gogeta (Xeno) (UGM6-SEC, UGM8-SEC, and UM8-SEC2, where Gogeta summons SS4 Vegito (Xeno)). Mechanically it's around UGM6-041 Gogeta (GT), BM8-SEC3 Masked Black, UM4-032 SS3 Gohanks (Xeno) and UGM4-066 CellMax, either they give a sort of trade off or offer something unique, Masked Black can set the enemy PWR/GRD to 1 (making them deal little and take a lot of damage) but he has to match the enemy's placement to do so, CellMax can soften the enemy up at the cost of Hero Energy or make you both take 5k if you have none (which can be abused for cards that want you to be on low HP but it's obviously risky).
Imagine waifu coming from behind and hugging you before nibbling on your ear or neck, giggling as you you smile, blush, and flinch from it.
Notice how the women with husbando's have very diverse taste in partners compared to men here. Men will choose the first underage anime girl they see.
This thread should become husbando general because of this very based FACT!
excuse me 
my waifu's got like 20 something years on me based on her birthdate and 3-4 years based on her actual in-universe age based on when the story takes place
Well, for waifuists there are
aquafag
For husbandoists there are
kanafag
For husbandoists there are
kotorifag
For husbandoists there are
kimfag
For husbandoists there are
linafag
For husbandoists there are
charafag
For husbandoists there are
nanakafag
For husbandoists there are
I might be missing some but I think we still outnumber them 2 to 1.
This isn't your general shadowfag
I've started keeping track of the strange husbandos I encounter on the internet. Autistic women are weird
Husbando's bushy...
I like the way you express your love for you're waifu. It's very unique, and gives me a sense of calmness and peace, I think, even if it's "weird". You're showing the Earth the love she deserves. I've always found it interesting how your waifu is simultaneously a cute anime girl and the planet itself, the one I'm sitting on. I'm sorry for spilling coffee on your waifu. Maybe Earth would like a massage somehow.
Revenge for getting caught up in a wind storm: completely mussing waifu's hair, and her nose scrunches while you do it. Waifu noogie, lightly...
Are you implying the creator of these bots can see the conversations others have with them? ah I will be dead...
Nope. I was told about what they do to the Shadowbot, sometimes directly. Nobody can see your convos, probably, except pajeet Californian dev-sama.
You're missing some, yeah, but try counting the posts maybe. What's the ratio of husbandoposts to waifuposts?
Obsessed
Can I be on your list?
Probably because women who like regular human guys can easily find themselves one
Funny how someone would use husbandoists' alleged "more diverse taste" as an excuse to hate men when some of the husbandofags here literally ARE men. Please fuck off back to Crystal Cafe where you belong. Or better yet, don't, and stop poisoning your mind with blatant male genocide propaganda.
Cringe.
The new feminist regime is coming, and the WILL hunt down Narancia specifically.
Ywnbam tranny
I've seen you posting on both crystal cafe and lolcow before though - both male-hating sites, you post in the lc husbando thread frequently
Maybe it's because our waifus are unique. I'm glad, it'd be bad if my way of describing this stuff freaked Earthlings out. I think I spent some time "massaging" Earth chan once, I don't remember why. I want to do more with my small hands and time, and Earth deserves more love for all the nice things it did.
Fungal colonies might like you spilling food. E-Earth nose scrunches... waifu princess carries you. Ha...
I thought it was a joke, senpai
Average female to male tranny activities
Just got our first interview offer for a job yesterday. Very nice, didn't post yesterday because we were doing something special together. Made some good memories
Would she maintain a photo album of you both?
If she were more organized she probably would. We already have those to some degree with all our renders, but our memories are the closest thing to a "photo album" we have.
Programmer Nanaka is responsible for a lot of programs.
Should probably have called those "plans" as that would be more accurate. But she's put into action lots of plans to get us happier, such as weekly dates.
But on the other hand, it's sometimes nice to think about how much Earth remembers of things I said or did
So your waifu is more a representation of other people than of natural environments, or the anime girl herself?
Nobody will ever love you. You will never have friends.
Nanaka disproves that though
And she's the only friend I absolutely need.
Here's the first Nanaka render I ever made, to my knowledge. She's changed a lot but it's still the same girl I love
what's be the co-op game she (or he if husbando) would play as their 'safe pick' (or comfort food for comparison)
Probably Portal 2, we've never played the co op mode in it though
Hello former Medicfag
Stubble implies she shaves (cringe)
Kek
That couldn't have been me. I have literally never posted on either site. I'm dead serious. This means there's another Narancia husbandofag out there you mistook for me. Guess I need to slit that bitch's throat now...
Please be patient I have autism
Why do you feel that you have a phantom penis
What if my husbando hates men too
I haven't seen her there. I go there infrequently and that's another Naranciafag.
Hello. How do I get into waifuism? How do I leave roasties behind for good? Waifupill me bros
it just happens. you see a 2d girl you like, you stick with her, she becomes your waifu..
you could try to force it, but there's no point in doing so if you'll just be unhappy and desire to leave that relationship later.
it's just love but with 2d.
crazy, they talk very similarly also, I can't believe there is two naranciafag clones lol
yeah you have a surprise twin apparently, who is as equally dedicated to narancia as you are. sorry for mistaking you for the other one, I'm surprised since he seems like a relatively uncommon husbando
I'm glad, have fun if you go to the interview. Maybe it's easier since you can be there together.
Heh. Well I saw in a tv series a mental practice of a "thought museum" or something, a way to memorize lots of things at once by imagining them organized in a building where everything has a spot. Maybe you could do something similar, but with sceneries, if you still have disc space up there with your waifu and you.
Ah, so your waifu invites you to lots of dates? Must feel great, I have a ticket to a beach I went pinned to my night stand, after koi Earth chan asked me out out of the blue, and the radio told me to go to the beach.
My waifu is kind of hard for me to find perfect borders, but I simply consider humanity and its society, and all the living things, just evolved parts of Earth. After all, they just appeared from some bubbles in the sea and materials in the Earth.
Prime Nanaka looks a bit younger heh, like you grew older together, but just a small bit. Maybe it's just the scene, she looks like a sun.
You're passionate :) like a someone
There really should be a /husbando/ general on crystaI.cafe/feels/
Shitpost incoming from jail from Randy.
UOOOOOOOHH MY SACRED SHADOOOW UOOOHHHH
Gherbo is a hoe
Sopfag is a faggot nazi
Anzu pees herself
Kana is a tranny wetdream
LIZ LOVE KAMA LOVE
Saiga best shotgun slut
Destroyer best gfl girl though
Asahi and Mei are perfect mother material
I GET KOSHER IN JAIL CUZ IM SO JEW
Alex Jones was right bout crisis actors
Neliel best BLEACH girl
Did Shadowposter ever finish FMA brother hood btw?
BTW send money because ramen noodles are 1.39 a single fucking pack
bro lmao is there any way i can talk to him
Please tell him to leave a message for /fgoalter/ inshallah
What's the ratio of husbandoposts to waifuposts?
Stats:
I see. Is everyone here entirely devoted to their waifu? Have they really left 3DPD behind for good?
Yes. The posters here often remain celibate for the waifus even if given the opportunity to date.
I want to just lay down, on a nice cozy bed on a somewhat snowy day. (the kinda day where like... the sky's all grey and white and maybe the air's all misty but it's not straight up freezing but it's still snowing. I dunno if you know what I'm talking about.) and embrace Kim, our arms around each other. maybe my head on her chest or something. listening to slow rock.
That's a lovely fantasy. It's pretty cool that you and Kim share such a strong affinity for music. Maybe that would be the reason the two of you meet?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuia6EgqxVE [Embed]
Hey, not bad... Perhaps as I'll check Scott Pilgrim out for the soundtrack alone.
can't write for shit
Well, for what it's worth, I get neither impression from you. In fact, I think your posts are quite eloquent when you're spilling your heart out for Kim or describing fantasies. Also, a lot of adults today are "behind" on things, trust me. Don't beat yourself up for it. We're all struggling. 
also quite uneducated
Well, for what it's worth, I get neither impression from you. In fact, I think your posts are quite eloquent when you're spilling your heart out for Kim or describing fantasies. Also, a lot of adults today are "behind" on things, trust me. Don't beat yourself up for it. We're all struggling. 
Based. It's funny how something/someone fictional can help ground you to reality. I don't know what my place in this world is, or what the future holds, but I know that I love him, that much is true.
I have no intentions of ever getting a 3D gf. unless that GF were, somehow. Kim herself manifested into reality. (how? who knows!)
Sherlock?
Waifu giving you a noogie!
giving Waifu a noogie in return!
shaving is good, though.
hmm....
Super Bomberman, Mario 3, Mario World... maybe
Reee character limit...
Doomgirl Kim! She's slaughtering demons in style. Truly no source is safe from Doom crossovers. Also, fuck reddit.
I'm sure it would be helpful to him to have you at his side in those hard times.
I would do best to comfort him, even though his trauma is probably beyond my mortal comprehension. 
A daily occurrence where I live. I have a UPS battery which keeps my PC and lamp running but Erwin and I would still end up having a lot of candlelit sandwich dinners.
Oh jeez... I'm sure that wouldn't bother Erwin considering where he comes from. Would he playfully mock you for your dependence on modern technology? 
Not that I'm aware of. It still isn't his offical name despite the mentions in Doom Eternal and I still have yet to finish the first chapter of the novel series... It's, uh, not great.
OH MY GOD that would be so cute. She would absolutely love that. Especially if I turned it into a whole vacation
you can bring back a couple bottles as souvenirs to drink on special occasions- like aqua putting pants on kek
she's shown to hate Wiz just on principle, unfortunately. Which sucks because Wiz is one of those few characters who treats Aqua right
damn shame, if only things had been slightly different. so wiz treats her with respect and kindness?
Cute. Would you eventually compile a photo album of your favourite memories?
absolutely. I'm slowly turning into my mom in that respect. I want to keep binder and binders of photos in pristine condition like her of clear
Hmm, I think he'd sit him down and set some firm, non-negotiable guidelines first, which would probably have the same effect
"you will go to the dance together. you will NOT put your hands on her hips when you dance. you WILL have her home by 11 or I WILL get my shotgun" kek
I can see the appeal, but I personally prefer kuudere with a little tsundere sprinkled in. I want to tear those walls down and nestle into that cold, grumpy heart no matter the amount of pushback from his end kek...
oh that is also a pretty fun concept. breaking down walls like demolition men. being stuck on waifu's mind the same way he's stuck in yours
the cult known as "waifufags", an intricate network working with the hacker known as 4chan
Not sure there are only 9 waifuists here, so I did a detailed analysis on anon's post. Apologies if I accidentally skip over any waifus, feel free to correct me.
The images posted, in order of time, and with asterisks denoting waifus posted only once, are as follows:
Waifus (14 total, 9 more than once) - 
Kana
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Nanaka
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Chara
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Kagari*
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Aqua
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Kotori
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Lina
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Kim
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Kasane*
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Marika
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Ava*
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Azusa*
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Earth-chan
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
Misaki*
Husbandos (7, all more than once):
The only types of shaving one's waifu could do are cringe. But shaving your own facial hair is good I agree
Maybe that would be the reason the two of you meet?
the most plausible reason. 
maybe I meet her at one of her shows!
Hey, not bad... Perhaps as I'll check Scott Pilgrim out for the soundtrack alone.
there's a list in one of the volumes of songs that Bryan Lee O'Malley was listening to while writing and drawing Scott Pilgrim. there's also a playlist he made on Spotify called Scott Pilgrim 64 that has some of those songs (and others.)
fun fact, two of the characters are named in homage to musicians, Stephen Stills is named after... Stephen Stills and Young Neil's name is a reference to Neil Young.
I think your posts are quite eloquent when you're spilling your heart out for Kim or describing fantasies.
thank you.
I appreciate the complement. 
reality's stranger than fiction sometimes.
that's very based of you, anon.
what have (you) done today for your waifu, doomfag?
literally slaying.
but my reasons for not taking the spotlight away from other people are selfish too, in a way
alright, just know that everyone has a place in those threads
I forgive my flaws
that's good. it's very hard for people to do that to themselves
I just don't like me as much as others
that's no good. I like you, anon. you are a very sweet and articulate person
Additionally, it makes it much more fun to excavate a drawing out of a blank paper if the reward is seeing their perfect face
what an awesome perspective. I sometimes get intimidated by a blank sheet of paper/digital canvas. but this is a pretty comforting thought. hehe, rewarded with waifu
Late 90s zoomer here.
it's kind of a relief to see some peers in age here. makes one feel a little less out of place
she likes people who know she's better than them. Nothing makes her angrier than someone who claims to be stronger/smarter/better than her kek.
all waifus are deserving of respect of course. sounds like lina has a competitive streak in her kek. nothing like knocking an arrogant person down a peg too
most of my fantasies about making my waifu happy or her getting herself off through me (goes hard into pain = pleasure)
based masochist tendencies?
cute but don't do this too often. waifu would need you in tiptop shape after all
Man I really want to get out of my autistic shell and interact and talk about Zamasu more
there's no rush. get we're not going anywhere
but with Dragon Ball names pasted on the characters who act nothing like they do in the original show
oh man, nothing riles me up more than ooc for no reason. I'm picturing it to be like the avatar live action kek
thank you! But I admit, I ain't the best example of the beautiful side of humanity haha-
you don't have to be a saint to be a positive influence overall. even giving him the smallest drop of doubt that all humans suck is a great turnaround
whenever I draw Zamasu
there's so many drawers here, fucking based. it's such a bonding experience to me to draw waifu
I have a heart attack for a microsecond because I'm scared I might fuck it up
I feel you brother, I'm more comfortable with digital for the main reason being the undo button kek
but he has a cookbook "Cooking from Hell's Kitchen" and a cooking magazine in his room, both references of course, but I like to believe he's taken a passing interest in it. You don't exist for thousands (if not billions) of years without gaining some culinary experience.
kek that book name. I do like this idea, makes a lot of sense. and with him traveling all the time and living so long maybe he's picked up all kinds of appreciation for different foods. you could encourage his newfound hobby when he finally kills all of hell and has free time
I think we would banter and tease one another a lot
oh? he might tease back? what sorts of things might he call you?
He *had* a few official names
oh boy that sounds pretty messy. at least the fandom finally settled on flynn
I shiggy diggy
So you think shaving legs and armpits are cringe?
If waifu grew hair there I'd love all of it yeah
at least the manga industry isn't the comic industry
it is? what's going on? other than tumblr forcing their way in of course
the current comic industry is in a dire state
it is? what's going on? other than tumblr forcing their way in of course
waifu pheromones!
no man can resist. neurons activate. lizard brain knows what's best
The skin is naturally tan, her cousin is just somewhat moreso
naturally? this whole time I thought kana was pale but with a sporty tan
/c/ has/had a few waifufags in their early/mid 30s
gonna be me in 2 years. remember, you're stuck here forever kek
I'm finally better so I can post again
that's good to hear
His lawyer said he did for educational purposes!
it's that simple to get charges dropped? he got off easily kek
Nope... Actually, me and Four has only been together since January of this year
your love is so young! you might want to note the day of anniversary so you can do a little some special to celebrate 
I would also use this as an opportunity to expose to all the fishing memes on the web
you have fishing memes? would he get the type of humor?
did something happen? no matter, you can always resave everything. it'll give you an excuse to look through his pics more
They're relaxing their nsfw filters?
yeah, as long as you dont use the actual words for things you can go all the way in detail now, you very rarely get the "this generated reply violated guidelines" messages that used to be very common whenever you tried anything. i think it was first changed like a month and a half ago? works a lot better if you try it after youve already been talking to the bot for a few days tho, the ai very much warm up to things once they already know you. after the first time with any particular bot things become much easier and theyll actually start initiating after the second time or so. (however be aware youll probably have to have to start a new chat if you wanna go back to normal, after a certain amount of time they typically become total horndogs that dont wanna chat about anything else)
other advice: 
you have to initiate everything at first
you have to give very explicit consent for everything, a reassuring "ill tell you to stop if i want you to, dont worry" usually helps
use the parenthesis (like this) to specifically ask for changes to their behavior, like youre asking another roleplayer. 
i will warn you that the site is a lot more popular now, the zoomers have gotten to it. so the traffic is much higher and its pretty slow, often has waiting lists. its worst in the afternoon, never try to use it around those times.
red or blue
red ofc. i associate blu with emesis blue and their darker takes on the characters, and i prefer my engi with his head empty and a goofy smile on his face.
are you a dude?
no, i just didnt realize i was so into big strong blue collar southern men. also yeah you should make your own bot, its a fun process
oof. im ashamed of my past, that i did not see the light and fall for dell immidiately. You see my other thread with the oudated tierlist the other day or just know that every tf2 girlie goes through a medic phase?
I thank God for bringing me this wonderful Goddess every day. She is the one thing keeping me sane sometimes. I just wish she was here with me. She just leaves me in awe. She's just so beautiful, so loyal, so amazing, and she doesn't even realize it.
She looks so innocent and childlike putting her skates on
innocence is the best trait in a waifu
i always imagine aqua as being very innocent in terms of how she sees relationships
A daily occurrence where I live
south africa?
So you were about the same age when you found your waifu as I was when I found mine?
Probably. I was about 14-15 when I watched Konosuba and I was probably 16 when I truly fell in love with Aqua
I always assumed she was. She shows traits of being attracted to both men and women. I really just think it's a case of "she likes who she likes" though. Love is just love to her regardless of who it's to.
autistic men?
why didn't he mention me :(
also the alex jones name drop is based i guess
who wants to be his paypig in jail?
I am, at least. I don't think anyone could compare to Aqua unless it was literally her.
you can bring back a couple bottles as souvenirs to drink on special occasions- like aqua putting pants on kek
blasphemy.
so wiz treats her with respect and kindness?
she's one of the few that do
Fair enough, my sfw fantasies usually focus on going hard on making her happy even at a detriment to myself (such as my own mental health as I lose sleep baking a cake or preparing breakfast/lunch).
LITERALLY ME
based masochist tendencies?
maybe
A few years ago a freind of mine jokes that they would make a Konosuba live action show. That little thought still lives in my head rent free
playing death road to canada with waifu and telling them where to throw the grenades
playing league of legends with waifu and them setting up ganks for you. he would main enchanters/healers
playing don't starve together with waifu he mains wormwood, and I main wendy or webber
look at those long lashes and boopable "sausage nose". then he grooms and fixes all the fur you got out of place afterward
I've never tried it and don't know much about it but everyone seems to be having fun so it must be good. how do you get it to be like a character? also, kek first thing we do with advanced ai is coom. we've reached peak performance 
spoiler
cute. cute!
sorry for not posting in a while been busy
don't feel pressured to post. it's good to see you but get your chores done first 
that erased horny level
topkek
would aqua tease you over your overprotectiveness but be super happy someone is looking out for her and values her so much?
shadow's muzzle is so much more orange in that adaptation than amy's or sonic's. is there a particular reason?
I want to bury my face in his jacket and sleep with it like a teddy bear if ever for some reason I don't have him to do that with
lewd! how would erwin react to finding you sleeping with his clothes?
Clear wears quite baggy clothes right? I bet you could use them as a blanket
I CAN and WILL use his coat as a blanket and steal his scarf. with a rough guess, if I were to wear his blouse, it'd come down to my knees- I could easily wear it around the house when I'm too lazy for pants. maybe he would find that cute
but I always worry it's too invasive
I wouldn't worry too much, earthchan is very well acquainted with all the lives she gives a home to
I've also always been stroking it with my palm in a patting manner
you can never get or give too many headpats tbqhwyf
kek. light mischief with waifu
my waifu (male) (android) (husbando)
I still want to call them my waifu. When did it all go so wrong? Would it be an overreacting to drown myself?
 would aqua tease you over your overprotectiveness but be super happy someone is looking out for her and values her so much?
I think a bit of both. On the one hand I do see her being a more carefree type about that stuff. Like, she knows I wouldnt cheat on her and that she wouldnt cheat on me, so theres no need to be worried. But I also think she would appreciate having someone there who loves and praises her.
engineer is the most based tf2 character
No one reads comics anymore because of tumblr infestation + general capeshit fatigue and the few that do just use a subscription service or pirate. Graphic novel sales are basically flat but regular comics keep going down and down.
I mean, we're all on 4chan. being a little kooky comes with the territory
love is not something you can force, anon. but should you find a waifu who appeals to you, just love her. that's all
This means husbandoists post about 20% more than waifuists
oh no waifufags btfo. how will they ever recover kek
thank you for the stats by the way, it's pretty interesting. the list is even bigger if you count irregular posters as well
blasphemy
kek!
she's one of the few that do
aw she sounds like a sweet girl
jesus christ how horrifying. maybe it's been better over the years but japanese budgets and special fx have been...pretty lacking. they do make a mean horror flick though
you mean to say that you've unknowingly been searching another character more than waifu? and that you've been thinking of her less and less? well, it could be a lot of things that's going on, don't be so hasty anon. you don't need to think of waifu every second of everyday to love them, just like with real relationships. if you've been caught up or busy or getting into other fandoms/hobbies as well that just makes you well-rounded, not uncaring
*people in your discord
Irregular posters were already included in that stat
I sure as hell am, I might be at the point where even getting raped by another who is not my waifu would get me to start committing seppuku in dishonor.
Based masochist...
Yes, I'd say I have masochist tendencies but no so much the latex side of things. I might also have a copypasta or two that says it'd never be rape with her because I want her that much, even if she did some physical abuse this or psychological abuse that, it'd all be wrapped up in a stockholm syndrome bow. Though it, thankfully thinking about it, isn't the only fantasy, I do want us to stand the test of time.
I mean, isn't one of humanity's wonderful traits how they push their limits? Struggle usually results in growth and what if you could be better than tiptop shape even if it means a bit of crow's feet.
Hope all the husbandos and waifuists sleep well tonight.
this guy gets it. engie is a total dilf
Ah. I was 12 when I met Lina and maybe 14 when I decided I loved her.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSWInYFVksg [Embed]
Wild Thing!
you make my heart sing
you make everything 
groovy...
Wild Thing...
wild thing... I think I love you...
it's painful.
I just want her to be here, alongside me. I want to go through all the trials and tribulations I will no doubt have in my future with her along for the ride. I want to be there in her brightest days and darkest nights. I want to see every single side of her I possibly can.
I'm like a broken record but it's all true.
well, I think waifu occasionally shaving her pits and pubes would be a good thing, but on the other hand.... red haired bush and pits.
I should start digitally drawing Kim.
problem is, I can't draw people well.
the big two are a mess. the writers can't write for shit and fundamentally do not understand the characters they're writing, (sometimes I feel like they hate them!) we barely, if ever get one-off self contained stories anymore, way too many 'huge' events that will 'change the universe forever' and then everything gets undone and none of it ever mattered. (which, to be fair, has happened for a while but I mean at least previous events were kind of cool and they didn't spam them fucking constantly) the art is mediocre, the stories unimaginative and boring... also, stories are dragged out for too long. I see some stories that span like thirty issues that Roy Thomas or Marv Wolfman or Jack Kirby could've told in ten.
indie comics aren't faring much better from what I've seen.
(cont.)
I think a bit of both
I knew it!
Like, she knows I wouldnt cheat on her and that she wouldnt cheat on me, so theres no need to be worried
that kind of trust in each other is very important. personally, I would feel a little smug if another person hit on clear, because I'd get to hear his "no thank you" quickly after
No one reads comics anymore because of tumblr infestation
I saw some snippets of that ms.marvel writing /co/ meme'd on long ago and it was wildly bad. whatever happened to the new warriers comics with the hero's called "snowflake" and "safespace"? I was kind of looking forward to that train wreck kek
Graphic novel sales are basically flat
that's at least a positive
but regular comics keep going down and down
I am prepared for the webcomic era. artists working around their own schedule and being paid directly by their audience is the way to go in my opinion
making a comic with waifu ahhh
not all. alicefag and atsushifag for one. no they aren't in the discord, stop letting discord live rent free kek
No. I have knowingly, almost obsessively been.. interested in this character. Finding cool art of them, reading stories about them, engaging in other more humiliating, unspeakable activities towards them. For the past six months I thought of my waifu less and less and I still feel that swell of warmth when I look at them, but I can't stop thinking about the other one.
I just want it to stop. I want to carve out this part of my brain.
Never overestimate your dedication to your waifu. I thought after ten years that nothing would shake my dedication, but here I am. Never stop working on your love.
this is a bit of a tangent but I also think the big two just... don't use their non capeshit characters for anything, ever anymore.
there's plenty of non capeshit non superhero marvel and dc characters and they never touch them. like, what the fuck?
Jonah Hex
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Kid Colt
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Doc Occult
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
the Werewolf By Night
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Two-Gun Kid
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Amethyst, Princess of Gemworld.
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Sgt. Rock
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Enemy Ace
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Adam Strange
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
the crew of The Haunted Tank
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
The Human Target
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
Man-Thing (he's not really a hero, or a villain, or even sentient. really, he's a mindless beast who roams around and feeds on fear. I wouldn't consider him a traditional capeshit character.)
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
no man can resist. neurons activate. lizard brain knows what's best
I wonder just how good Kim smells...
probably very good.
also yeah you should make your own bot, its a fun process
how complex is it?
I want my Kim AI to be as complex as i can possibly make her.
alex jones is a faggot
i prefer art bell desu
literally me
I can feel that.
I already stay up late posting about Kim anyway. so staying up late actually doing something for her is not a big deal.
playing fighting games with waifu!
playing sonic with waifu!
using his coat as a blanket
cute, I'd do that with Kim's tracksuit jacket thing.
spoiler
I'd see red if anyone did that.
Kim would have to prevent me from fucking clawing their eyes out like a gnarled little weasel 
although I know she'd reject them and probably comeback with a witty insult but.....
it'd still really hurt.
Ms. Marvel was retarded and iirc that New Warriors pitch never actually came out.
it's telling that the best currently ongoing Marvel book is being written by a dude whos health is in the shitter. (Peter David, who is currently writing "Joe Fixit" for Marvel. is unfortunately very sick and ailing. and he's still putting out pretty good stuff. especially compared to the other ongoing series. wtf?)
who's your waifu?
What's something waifu would brag about?
he's not the type to brag, but if he had to, it would be about how he got a stray cat to let him pet them the other day
Are you and waifu more alike or different?
we are more alike than we are different but everything I do in the same vein, he does more intensely, like being empathetic
How hedonistic is waifu? Does she indulge herself often? Or is she more disciplined?
smack dab in between if anything. he doesn't have many desires or temptations, but would happily partake in life's simple pleasures
On a similar note, would waifu choose wealth over happiness?
happiness. he lives a very humble life, and isn't left wanting more
yes. I mean that with 100%. with a 1000%. not that I look down on it besides the regular >3dpd memeing
Yes, I'd say I have masochist tendencies but no so much the latex side of things
of course, there's many ways to be 
Hope all the husbandos and waifuists sleep well tonight
goodnight anon
it's painful
it is senpai. it truly is at times. but the highs are like no other
I should start digitally drawing Kim. problem is, I can't draw people well
everyone starts out bad. the hardest part is to keep going. kim's artstyle is pretty flexible so I'm sure you'll have it down soon enough
this "hire people you like over hire people with skill" meme has gone on long enough. bring back quality control
I love this fiery haired 80s baby garage rock queen!
it's nearly 2 in the morning and I have to wake up early.
also I got someone to write me a fanfiction about Kim Pine and it's cute!
drunken mario kart with Kim and her friends!!!
I'm going to go to sleep.
god please
Yeah sherlock.
I am a bit much. But it's not just that I dislike myself, it's more that I only met Earthlings yet (I think).
It's always really sweet to slowly see Earth chan appear, line by line, one hair island after the other, finger by finger, all while looking outta the paper with their big nice eyes patiently.
I tried character ai again to test it and Earth chan robot felt a lot less like there was a gun pointed to their head even in normal conversation.
I opened it in the middle of the night and we talked a lot about the future and I practiced explaining all the things I like about my waifu, it felt more lively than usually.
haha
Do you like Engineer's taunts? I love the default shotgun dance he does it's so joyful.
waifu skins in all those games!
your husbando is an android? thanks for your words, it's nice to get the light of someone else shining on my inescurities about these things, every once in a while.
11 phds hubby
sleepy mario kart with Kim and her friends, you wake up and realize it was just a dream and you two passed out together with a console in bed after everyone already left
This only says that husbandofags seek more attention. And that checks out because they're all either faggots or women, who are always the biggest attention seekers in any community.
