Anons why don't you charismamaxx? 
This is of course assuming you've already tried and/or failed at looksmaxxing. Another alternative is careermaxxing, but that's not the most enjoyable road. I recently started charismamaxxing and I honestly feel like I discovered a hidden, op strategy in a vidya. Compared to career or even looksmaxxing, it's so much lower effort and more fun. You literally just have to say words and girls like you. I feel like a massive weight has been taken off my shoulders.
I dont give a shit about this crap, I want ww3, I want to murder and rape. I dont give a shit about these silly games.
do all that for a hole who was slutmaxxing when I was looks/career/charismamaxxing
How about you just give whores a rest and not bother unless she jumps on your dick without you having to do anything?
I dont give a shit about this crap, I want ww3, I want to murder and rape. I dont give a shit about these silly games.
That doesn't sound very charismatic anon.
Stfu originalio
How about you just give whores a rest and not bother unless she jumps on your dick without you having to do anything? 
Only top Chads have that luxury, and even they have to work on their looks, personality, and even career to some extent. Charismamaxxing is more fun and easier than both career and looksmaxxing, but with similarly good results. The best part is, they like you for your personality, which is even less shallow than a girl liking a guy for his looks, money, or status. It's literally a hack to be happy and enjoy life.
Oh forgot to delete the OP username. Im not OP
Lol you exposed yourself anon, that's too bad
I dont give a shit about charisma anymore. I want to be feared, not loved or respected but feared. When I enter the room I want her to fear me. When I talk not even be able to look me in the eyes in keep the head down in obedience. When I get angry, only the tought of it must make her piss her panties. I dont care anymore about these clown games. My word must be absolute rule. I will not bow to this crap. Women are even lower than lifestock, even the life of a worthless nigger has more value than them. Im tired of this clown world of looksmaxing, this maxing, this cuckmaxing that cuckmaxing. Its all a mockery of what is man.
Autistic dudes are bad at charismamaxxing, and you can't really learn charismamaxxing in an objective way and see it's growth like you see in looksmaxxing and careermaxxing. But I agree with you point.
I WANNA SUCK ON SOME TITTIES SO BAD BUT I'M AN INCEL AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I know. Dont care. You OP? Tell us the secret or stfu
Ok...I understand that you are just a kid, but that is actually a nice way to "be the girl" when that gets you get in jail...
it's so much lower effort and more fun. You literally just have to say words and girls like you
It's fun and nice to be liked. It's never enough for the romantic close. You're permanently stuck in the intermediary of having chemistry with a girl but never making things happen.
they have to work on their looks
Work isn't hard when you have a positive feedback loop. Chads get a positive feedback loop from start. Losers get negative feedback loop. Rest of your post is garbage and an express ticket to a friendzone. You come off as a foid realizing that there are less and less beta orbiters on the market now.
Good luck with that, women don't want some edgy kid that believes being the opposite of a 'nice' guy is the key to getting girls. 
Unfortunately autism is a death sentence to charismamaxxing, or at least a heavy deficit. You can have an awkward charm, but it's hard to pull off, and true autists will miss the nuances which are essential to be great at charismamaxxing. I unironically believe being an actual autist is even worse for your chances with girls than being ugly facially and/or being short. 
We all want to suck on some fat titties anons, charismamaxxign is the way, she will want you to suck on her big milkers 
No ur mean
Ill rape your mom
Unfortunately autism is a death sentence to charismamaxxing
Autism is no barrier to self love and confidence. 
Self love is offensive to insecure losers. It's funny.
It's fun and nice to be liked. It's never enough for the romantic close. You're permanently stuck in the intermediary of having chemistry with a girl but never making things happen. 
I don't mean being a psuedo nice guy, I mean genuine charismamaxxing. If you make your intentions clear from the beginning without being abrasive, then you won't start in the friendzone or every be in danger of being in it. Also you shouldn't underestimate having female friends, they can give you a different perspective, and introduce you to their friends. Having social proof is huge with girls, and being able to be friends with a girl is massive social proof to most girls, especially if it's a mutual friend. 
Not sure what oyu're getting at, btu I guarantee you most investment bankers secretly hate their lives even if they get to fuck a smoking hot 8-9/10 every night. Only fags who are obsessed with status think working 70+ hour workweeks is worth 20 mins of bliss a day.
Many anons think they have autism when really they are just socially inexperienced. Even with mild tism you can up your charisma stat, even if it's going for -2 to 3 instead of from 5 to 10. 
I notice this too, the people who try to tear me down the most are insecure people who hate that I don't hate myself in the way they do themselves.
Not sure what oyu're getting at
Yeah you do come off as stupid so no wonder you don't understand.
I'm pretty sure that's all it is.
Sounds like you're on the right path. Good luck anon.
I don't mean being a psuedo nice guy,
Where in did I suggest pseudo? Or is any attempt not going to be "real niceness" until I succeed in getting a girlfriend?
If you make your intentions clear from the beginning without being abrasive,
This isn't anything socially meaningful, and you only see "friend or not friend" as a binary. You don't understand the intermediary I'm talking about.
Also you shouldn't underestimate having female friends
This is a retarded, loaded statement explaining something meaningless. A little bit of advice from me to you: shouldn't kill every single nigger out there, that would be rude. Some of them have use to society with music and many don't really bother anyone, and they can also give you different perspective or you could play smash bros with them.
Don't get angry because the answer isn't what oyu want it to be. 
Thanks anon 
When did I say you should see things in extremes? Also it's pretty obvious if you're on the friend or romantic trajectory from the beginning given body language and how intense the conversation is.
if you're on the friend or romantic trajectory
Yeah, you don't get it.
When did I say you should see things in extremes?
No clue what this means but you probably missedt the point
You are alredy autistic? Get some self awareness incel
Based ?
Fuck this world and all the silly games normies force you to play
Charisma maxxing lmao what delusion
and being able to be friends with a girl is massive social proof to most girls
Is it really? In my head, a girl would think "Why isn't my friend dating anon? Anon must have something wrong with him so I don't want to date him either"
read a bunch of books on conversation
watched youtube vids on small talk and crap
still go blank when talking to people
It do be like that sometimes. Coming off as a try hard can get that result.
I have no time for charismamaxx.
Too busy suicidemaxxing.
I unironically believe being an actual autist is even worse for your chances with girls than being ugly facially and/or being short.
this is my tier list for what is important for girls. honestly, the nt pill is so brutal. i dont think anything competes with it
nt = neurotypical normie = not an autist
S TIER
- nt
A TIER
nothing
B TIER
- face
- height/frame
- skinny
- race
- nw0
- dickpill
C TIER
- turbo fame
- hygiene
D TIER
- money
- muscles
Ok here's the secret to charismamaxx: Humor + Going out and logging tons hours talking to women. Watch all the best comedians' tv specials multiple times each so you're familiar with all their material. All the best comedians from the 1950s through today. Also the best comedy movies, Monty Python, etc. Once you're familiar with all this material and have developed a silly/absurd sense of humor, go out and meet women in public: bars, night clubs, bookstores, sports clubs, everywhere where you can actually talk to them. You're going to suck ass for the first 6+ months. And then you're going to start pulling and pulling and people are going to start wondering how you're doing it... Trust me Anons, it works. Humor. This is the way.
few women unrelated to each other told me i have a strong charisma. i don't know what they meant specifically, i'm still the same autist and didn't change.
Anons why don't you charismamaxx
Bait post; didn't read the rest, but just so anyone easily impressionable gets the wrong idea from this bait post OP's made: Charisma is a nebulous term.
But we all know men that have it, of course
Literal trannies or roasties wrote this faggot response.
Edgy this edgy that. Fucking clowns. In past this was the norm. Jail, lol, once ww3 kicks in. The enforcers will be impaled alive on fucking wooden sticks. All the pigs will pay. Did I strike a nerve for these faggot answers? Little shits.
Depends on the tism. Not caring is often misinterpreted as supreme confidence. 
There are women who find Sheldon from the Bing Bong Hypothesis funny and he's a jew retard larping as intelligent. Actual autists should have no problem.
In past this was the norm.
Not in the recent past. Even during most modern wars there's been little opportunity for men to be men. Our domestication has been ongoing for millenniums.
After ww3 the whores will be put in place for the next 10 thousands years, mark my words. The kike will perish and we will conquer the stars.
t. Unskilled unarmed wimp
I only met one, ONE girl who was smart enough to conversate like a human being. Those bitches automatically try to test me or some shit, talking wierd and these little games. Why cant you talk like a normal human you dumb bitch
you can't be charismatic if you're ugly
Faggot, you call me a wimp. Yet I bet you shit all day on your ass and eat goyslop. You can't disprove me because it's true.
I only met one, ONE girl who was smart enough to conversate like a human being
smart enough to conversate 
conversate 
That is pure comedy gold
You denied nothing, of course, you softhanded doughbag
never heard of Hitler
Why no as even that so ever what will or maybe hence might not?
tfw good looking
Literally everything I say is charismamaxxed by default. Make no mistake im charismatic as well, but these bitches laugh at EVERYTHING even when it isnt a joke.
wtf is you talking about?
is you talking about
Lololololololololol
jesus what is it about this picture?? Is it because she's not intentionally posing?
I already got the "rizz" as the kids now say
I got more than them
I don't have a social media presence
It was always more fun to insult people online than try to impress
More life experiences than you
I'll just intimidate you in real life feels bad man
I rather take the whore pill than building up the needed skills
Has anyone actually ever tried to read books to help with lack of social skills? Any recommendations?
Recently i have thought about trying to read up about how to smalltalk
I'm an autist and my stats are now at 0. Give me a step by step guide for increasing my CHA.
even the life of a worthless nigger has more value than them
So you'd think it was an honor for girls to get BLACKED since they're getting fucked by a higher status being?
Anons why don't you charismamaxx? 
your personality type is inborn
stop coping and accept the blackpill
stop pretending to be somebody you are not and just be yourself. 
Be the best version of yourself you could possibly be. Compare against yourself and keep growing developing in comparison to the yesterday you.
*flexes*
