Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
A full stack Edition 
Hello 
How are you doing today?
Any plans for today?
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Why did you hurt yourself?
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm aIternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid for post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
dbt (dialecticaI behavioral therapy)
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
if you cut you're cringe and that's on gang.
I suppose I'll start the thread off.
I hope you all are doing well.
Feeling better now. Don't know why I feel better AFTER the weekend, but I'm not one to complain. Back to doing schoolwork and staying busy.
To Sludge, I listened to that album by Downer a few times over, thanks again for the suggestion. Reminds me more of Opiate era Tool, which I'm a big fan of.
The sinking feeling is rather small now. Hope to keep it this way for a while.
Thank you all for your participation once again.
Hello 
I couldn't reply yesterday because I was asleep 
It's been a while, I was was wandering how you're doing and I'm sorry to hear your life hasn't gotten better
There's not much I can say that you haven't heard before but I wish you the best
You mentioned that nobody would care if you disappeared tomorrow but that's not true
I care and I'm sure I'm not the only one, you just wouldn't know about it because I have no way to contact you 
I don't talk about it often but you and Sui and Pokeanon and Hydroanon and Butterflyanon and Kranusanon and everybody else form the old /cut/ threads matter to me a lot and I will never forget about all of you 
I hope you recover quickly and keep on fighting, even though I understand it might feel pointless
You're not defective, you are a valuable person, I appreciate you and remember that you are always welcome here 
Hi prog o/
I'm doing okay although I had a pretty long day, I'm very glad you're feeling better 
Did you take that picture you posted?? it's very pretty
Reminds me more of Opiate era Tool, which I'm a big fan of.
nice, after a second lisen it does sound more like opiate, more screaming i guess, glad you liked it 
i'd love to read what was on your mind.
i didnt have it saved and it was pretty long, it was about how a lot of the times i cant recall what my toughts are, like while im thinking them i am not thinking them, and that i dont feel right, 
the thing is, i dont know what im thinking but those thoughts are also really present in my mind always,
also i talked about that i have so much shame for everything that i do, always when i look back its shamefull, these posts are part of that 
i got a semi decent workout in today at least 
thats one thing that makes the thoughts that i cant hear go away for a bit 
i wanted to post a pic on /fit but scars 
idk if its acceptable to post here, 
it brings me dopamine that i ascended from twinkhood atleast
anyway my moms birthday is wednesday and i bought her the new metalica lp along with a 10000 days cd, shes a lifelong metalica fan and introduced me to angry guitar music recently we dont really get along so i hope that atleast makes up for my dick behavior
hey, hoonianon. just wanted to let you know that i think about you a lot. if i you hadn't reached out in that suicide boy thread, i would have never found these threads. without you, i would have never met all these wonderful people. from the bottom of my heart: thank you. my life is better for knowing you and i hope that you'll find the strength to keep fighting and to come here and post from time to time. we miss you.
hast ja gesagt, dass es stressig war. da brauch man auch mal ein langweiliges wochenende. wie siehts bei nocturne aus? schon durch?
hiya sludge
i wanted to post a pic on /fit but scars
idk if its acceptable to post here
I think it's okay and as long as most of your scars are faded the majority of people won't even notice 
Good evening yuanon :3 
How are you doing today?
hi, prog. 
Don't know why I feel better AFTER the weekend
it's strange, but during the week you have a schedule to adhere to and can distract yourself from your thoughts and feelings, can't you? maybe something like that?
The sinking feeling is rather small now. Hope to keep it this way for a while.
sounds good. let's try to keep it that way!
oi, sludge!
the thing is, i dont know what im thinking but those thoughts are also really present in my mind always
so it's like you know that you thought about something, but can't grasp what it was? sorry, it's hard for me to follow your train of thought here. 
that i have so much shame for everything that i do, always when i look back its shamefull, these posts are part of that
i get that. i used to be the same. i do think that, if you want to rid yourself of shame, you have to let go of your pride first. where there is no pride, there can't be any shame. and nothing you post here is shameful, sludge. i'm always grateful when you are able to let go of your fears and share a part of yourself here. 
i wanted to post a pic on /fit but scars
idk if its acceptable to post here
you can post whatever you want, but it would be appreciated if you could make it a spoiler, so people who don't want so see it don't have. i'd look at what you post though, if that influences your decision. 
anyway my moms birthday is wednesday
happy birthday, sludge's mom! 
we dont really get along so i hope that atleast makes up for my dick behavior
well, that's a shame. sometimes we can't connect to the people closest to us the way we wish we could, but from the outside it seems like both of you are trying really hard to bond over the music you love. your a good son and she is a good mom.
good evening, catbro! 
How are you doing today?
good. a little bit tired, since my muppet of a boss wasn't able to deal with the morning shift and left me with quite a bit of work in addition to my regular workload.
cont.
also still a bit sore from my weekend workout. added some exercises with resistance bands. what troublesome little buggers those are... anyway, how was your day?
sheesh she swole
Hi yu was geht ab alles fit im Schritt?
never skipped leg day. ^^
hey, ffmanon! kann mich nicht beschweren. bisschen muede, bisschen muskelkater, aber ansonsten alles gut. hab heute die street fighter 6 demo ausprobiert, nur um mal wieder festzustellen, dass ich 2d-fighting games anscheinend nicht mag. :/ naja, was solls. wie siehts bei dir aus? nocturne schon durchgeballert?
muppet of a boss wasn't able to deal with the morning shift
what a muppet! >:l
my weekend workout.
keep it up and get stronk!!
btw I feel like I'm the only one here who doesn't regularly work out 
how was your day?
It was okay, nothing really noteworthy happened but it was very warm today 
Now I'm playing Minecraft and relaxing
I think it's okay and as long as most of your scars are faded the majority of people won't even notice
not really faded, i hope they fade in the next half year 
so it's like you know that you thought about something, but can't grasp what it was
yea kinda 
 sorry, it's hard for me to follow your train of thought here.
its hard for me to even know what it is, let alone to explain 
you can post whatever you want, but it would be appreciated if you could make it a spoiler, so people who don't want so see it don't have. i'd look at what you post though, if that influences your decision.
sure, since i dont have anyone to share it with, its appreciated
 it seems like both of you are trying really hard to bond over the music you love. your a good son and she is a good mom.
thanks, i really needed to hear that, thats just how it be sometimes, i still care about her very much sometimes we just dont click for periods 
well here it is, not really anything significant, if you dont like scars dont click 
sorry for the shit angle, i took other pics but they where blurry
what a muppet! >:l
yeah... honestly i'm not sure how long the store will be able to keep going like that. still owes me money for last month, even though i did work a lot less during march. -_-
keep it up and get stronk!!
i'll try. thanks for the motivation! ^^
btw I feel like I'm the only one here who doesn't regularly work out
i really need it. especially as an excuse to leave the house. you have your bike for that. the only thing i would recommend is some stretching routine before/after sleeping. that's really good stuff.
Now I'm playing Minecraft and relaxing
keep me updated on your housing situation.
Nocturne is mega toll aber die disk muss wohl kaputt sein weil das Spiel manchmal freezt 
I'm sure they will fade soon they don't look terrible on the picture and i hope you are ok now
Don't worry it doesn't look bad, you look like the Witcher or something 
I think you won't get much hate on /fit/ 
I don't go there but I feel like many of the people there work out as a way to cope with whatever they're struggling with and would be supportive and encourage you to turn your mental pains into physical gains
but I'm just guessing 
dangg he's like a whole muppets show
thanks for the motivation! ^^
no probs ^^ 
some stretching routine
I was thinking about doing something like that I wanna se how effective it would be on me since my body isn't very stretchy, ever since I was a kid I was always stiff as a board even though I was a pretty active kid 
keep me updated on your housing situation
I'm building a storage area and when I'm done I might go look for diamonds become I don't have any yet
btw I feel like I'm the only one here who doesn't regularly work out
I don't really work out, but over the summer I do a lot of manual labor and during school year I walk a crap ton. Don't feel left out or anything (:
Did you take that picture you posted?? it's very pretty
Yes I did, I don't remember specifically when.. I think around 2020? 2021? Around that time frame. Really love the green in that photo, represents the environment I love. Thanks for the compliment on the photo! (:
anyway my moms birthday is wednesday and i bought her the new metalica lp along with a 10000 days cd
Happy birthday to your mother! Very nice gifts, too! Good taste to both you and your mother.
recently we dont really get along so i hope that atleast makes up for my dick behavior
I imagine your mother will greatly appreciate the gifts.
Listening to progressive rock right now. Foxtrot, by Genesis, picrel. Relaxing, great instrumentation. Got it on cd for four buckaroos at the local record store. Splendid album. Again, I hope you all are doing well, and once again, thank you for your participation. (:
I sadly stoped doing sports after i fucked up both my knees. I'm always amazed that my dad works out everyday and hes 59!
its hard for me to even know what it is, let alone to explain
i see. when it hits you, maybe try to pen it down or write it here. maybe that'll help?
looking good, sludge, but i don't know how objective i can be. i just don't see a flaw in the scars, but that's me. also: nice shirt.
i still care about her very much sometimes we just dont click for periods
hm. that's rough. do you hug?
aber die disk muss wohl kaputt sein weil das Spiel manchmal freezt
uff. das ist echt schade. ich weiss, dass das laufwerk der og ps3 so gut ist, dass es sogar mega verkratzte ps2 spiele abgespielt hat, die in der original-konsole nicht mehr gelaufen sind. leider ist meine irgendwann opfer des ylod geworden und ich hatte keinen wirklichen grund, sie reparieren zu lassen. stuerzt das spiel richtig ab oder sind es nur lags? 
dangg he's like a whole muppets show
the guy took over in january. my old boss was even worse. 
I was thinking about doing something like that I wanna se how effective it would be on me since my body isn't very stretchy
everyone can improve their range of movement. as with everything, it's a matter of making it a habit. that's why i like short and consise ones. just something you will be able to do after rolling out of bed. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoFxooQZVlQ&amp;pp=ygUXYXRobGVhbiB4IGV2ZXJ5IG1vcm5pbmc%3D [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=274pf8-Zev8&amp;pp=ygUXYXRobGVhbiB4IGV2ZXJ5IG1vcm5pbmc%3D [Embed]
I might go look for diamonds
diamonds are a cats best friend. or something like that.
Is halt nurn frez frame macht mich voll traurig glaub damit man mich hier wieder erkennt fang ich auch mit namen an haha
hiya /cut/ hope everyone's day has been alright, any new music yall been listening to?
Is halt nurn frez frame macht mich voll traurig
es sind so kleine dinge, die einen manchmal richtig runterziehen. 
glaub damit man mich hier wieder erkennt fang ich auch mit namen an haha
alles klar. find ich gut, noc.
I'm doing ok send some job applications out today and not really listening to anything new just a lot of $not. 
Ich kann halt so nich weiter spieln
it was nice. have to get ready for bed soon, but wanted to post some music before. nothing comes to mind though. what have you been up to?
wirklich schade, das mit dem spiel. naja, wuensch dir viel erfolg mit deinen bewerbungen.
Don't feel left out or anything (:
thank you
Thanks for the compliment on the photo! (:
no need to thank me, I should be thanking you for sharing such a nice picture with us 
i fucked up both my knees
ouch, how did that happen happen? 
my old boss was even worse.
at least that's good
wooo thank you for the links, I'll check them out and try some stretching tomorrow
diamonds are a cats best friend.
I sadly found none :( 
well better luck next time
ooo look at that, german bro got a name
welcome Nocturne :D 
Good luck with your job hunt 
Hiii, my day has been nice, I hope your has been alright well
I've been listening to this lately
https://m.soundcloud.com/rl1805/350z
Heya! Been a few days.
TL;DR Was in the ER after cutting myself and trying to kill myself, finally got a therapist. Cut off all friends, including the ones who said they'd care for me, only now noticed barely anyone has noticed I was gone or thought I died.
Some can go fuck themselves.
hm. that's rough. do you hug?
sometimes, im not really a physical person, even if id like to be
oking good, sludge, but i don't know how objective i can be. i just don't see a flaw in the scars, but that's me. also: nice shirt.
thanks man 
any new music yall been listening to?
ive been going back to bolt thrower recently, forgot how good they where
also ive found a band called when plagues collide they play symphonic deathcore, i usualy dont like deathcore appart from infant annhilator but its intresting how they incorperate classical instruments and choir backing vocals into a otherwise very modern and techinal sound, 
gj man people sometimes just bags of shit and its best to flush them down the celestial toilet called life 
gn all
I could give you forty quintillion things to listen to, but I'll just throw a couple. I went to a jazz festival last Friday, where the leading act was the Diva Jazz Orchestra. Really refined big band jazz, with a kickass drummer! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb8ZVK93Uqk [Embed]
If you like more rock sort of stuff, my favorite rock band of late has been Melvins. Sludge/Hard rock. Really rad stuff, been looking to buy one of their records on vinyl, but I'm embarrassed to spend so much money.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMS9lpFzIZU&amp;list=PLrnz4iRZQNleQ6yyRRHQ_aGk99MCmqcf8&amp;index=9 [Embed]
Geez, that's an extremely rough stretch... I hope you are doing much better, anon, and that the therapist can help you through your issues. Hope your stay at the ER wasn't too awful, and the staff were nice to you, I've heard a few unpleasant things about ER visits.
Hello, sorry to hear about that first part although it seems that it also forced you to make some drastic changes that will probably make your life better 
How do you feel? do you think there's a chance for you to get better? 
I wish you well anon
gn all
goodnight ^^ 
I think I'm gonna go to sleep too
night night pals
grown-ass white men are fucking cutting and starving themselves like teenage girls
YOU MAKE IT REALLY FUCKING HARD TO BELIEVE WE'RE THE SUPERIOR RACE, ANONYMOUS.
I need to cut.
why? what are you struggling with?
Nostalgic depression. Havent relapsed in a while but i really need to do it, gosh im such a failiure
wooo thank you for the links, I'll check them out and try some stretching tomorrow
you're welcome. jeff is a great guy and his vids have helped me to remove a lot of pain from my life, but he's not very good at gauging what fitness level his content is aimed at. when he says stuff like "scaled to every level" or "that anyone can do", take it with a grain of salt. and be prepared for some pain. the thing with stretches is, when you do them right, it hurts. take care. 
I sadly found none :(
they can't hide from you forever. good luck.
hey. sad to hear you had to go through all that, but i'm glad you're still with us. hope the therapy will do some good for you. do you think it will help?
sometimes, im not really a physical person, even if id like to be
me neither, but nowadays i try to get u few hugs with friends and family. it's important. just take the ones you get and make them count. put your feelings into them and hug like you mean it.
thanks man
anytime, dude. sleep tight. 
sleep well, catbro. see you tomorrow.
i'd prefer it if you wouldn't, but i don't think your a failire either way. if you relapse, please be careful and don't overdo it.
i have to call it a day now as well. good night, everybody.
Have a good night, Yuanon.
Have a good night as well, Catbro.
Also have a good night, Sludge.
Thank you all for your service. 
gosh im such a failiure
I don't think that you are. If you have memories that you are looking back upon, there must be some value in you, since you are the one that made those memories happen. Please do take care, anon.
choir of the sun chants inside the anti-moon
hey im lisening to electric wizzard rn lol 
this dmxe is doing jack shit tho 
sleep is also a good band 
ive been getting more into stoner recently
ER was bad, only a couple hours of work done for the 48 hours I was there. It was a wake up call for my Dad to let me move out and I can probably get therapy for some things I need, such as depression, PTSD.
I am very upset with my friends for not being there. I'm sure they are fed up with me but some made obligations that they are not holding up or refuse to, and as much as I don't like being not nice to other people, I feel they should understand my hurt.
I'll probably read some posts on here and stay around a bit longer, some might discover these and say "hey go fuck yourself" but idk
