We are living in a generation where men do not want to be protectors and providers. You expect women to work, come home to clean, cook, watch the
kids and pay half the bills..? When you are just working and coming home. A real man pours into his woman so that she can tap into her feminine energy in order to be
the kind, nurturing and loving woman she is meant to be but instead she is running on E. Women thrive in their
feminine energy.
Enjoy your feminism. The jews that convinced you to become men with tits are still laughing. 
You're not going to get your old life back and now men in dresses are dominating your sports, and your daughters in school bathrooms. All while the niggers you keep voting to import by the millions make your lives more dangerous every day. While men have checked out laughing at your misery.
Enjoy what you created. I know we do.
angry feminism-corrupted moms and primary school teachers do everything they can to stomp out any dominant behaviors they see in growing boys
huh, where have all the dominant men gone?
Congratulations, women. You acted against your own interests and fucked yourselves over, now let crossdressing men go to the bathroom with you or you're a bigot.
men do not want to be protectors and providers
Incorrect. I want to be a protector and provider to a nice feminine woman but every single one I've met is a shitty feminist who denies letting me be in charge or is a lesbian
If I can't be a stay at home wife, nobody can.
Get back in the office bitch
t. Maleanon
Not sure why you'd be speaking about protecting and providing (something married men ought to do) when most people can't really get past the talking phase of things, let alone get married.
You expect women to work
Nope, gib neet gf
watch the kids
Dont even want any
We are living in a generation where men do not want to be protectors and providers.
Women don't deserve it.
Being a woman has ALWAYS been better, hasn't it?
I would like to be a dominant provider but I also expect my wife to do her role. She must be a virgin before me, raise our kids, do all the sahm stuff and love me and stay loyal to me.
thank you for your opinion are you ready to burst into tears now?
Reeeee why aren't men fulfilling their traditional gender roles!
What do you mean you expect the same from me?
Those are antiquated values and you are a mysogniest for even wanting that!
You expect women to work, come home to clean, cook, watch the kids and pay half the bills..?
nobody expects that from you. you are delusional ape
also
WAAAAA WAAAA I WANT RICH ABUSE CHAD WAA
HUEEE WHERE IS MY HANDSOME ABUSE CHAD REEEEEE
you wanted feminism, you got it
Male gender "role" is just that of a cuck slave for the hive (house) queen anyways.
Gender is so fucking gay
Don't care. Still not working. Ugh I know, I'm just not gonna do it is all! NPNW, bitch.
you don't look like a model so stfu
What exactly is the benefit that being a "dominant man" offers to the man?
What can I say? I just have an overwhelming desire to SUBMIT
First week of talking to my gf I had her calling me Sir. I'm short and was very scrawny, but being a Dom doesn't have shit to do with that really. I've seen Big Muscle Gay Subs, being Dom / Sub just shows what you want out of life. Some people wanna give away control so they can live comfy without worries, others would take on control, responsibility, and stress just so they can be 'Daddy'.
women start shaking and crying at the very glimpse of an average joes life
Feminism is the BEST thing that could happen to men, but most are too stupid to realize it. Let women work and provide and pay taxes while you rest and play games all day. Women have been lazying around for millenia before feminism, now its our turn.
Exactly. That is why I am going to have multiple wives. There arent enough good men anymore, therefore I will have to replace multiple men. This is not going to be a degenerate hedonistic polygamous lifestyle. This is old-fashioned polygamy. The wives dont have a relationship with each other. Only me. I want lots of descendants.
I think women should live in a constant, collective fear, where any man may rape her, but no man will ever protect her. It's the future every foid deserves. 
I know OP is just baiting, but really, imagine how great it would be to see a girl piss herself when you glanced at her the wrong way in public, knowing no one will step in if you decide to clock her upside the head and deposit a stress load in her asshole.
Why would men even bother being providers if women dont depend on us anymore. This isnt the 1930s anymore. I understand that house work needs to be split but times have changed anyways.
Women get what they wanted thought feminism
Still not happy
This is why nobody wanted to give you rights
Hence why only kids and hillbillies think women should be chained to the house.
Why would a man have to provide for a woman that probably earns more than him anyway? We already share chores and kid raising, so why wouldnt they work and earn?
What's the point in investing your emotions and feelings into a woman that will casually cheat, divorce and accuse you of all kinds of disgusting shit to take away your kids and your property from you?
Women don't have morals anymore (if they ever had them in the first place), so men treat them accordingly.
Feminism turned women into wagies and set men free.
I couldn't be more grateful to it.
Women don't have morals anymore (if they ever had them in the first place)
i mean, neither do most men
most men eat meat, anon. lets not pretend anyone actually cares about morals
uh oh sweetie, are those the consequences of your actions? that sucks.
Muh meat.
And rest eat industrially farmed crops while pretending they are somehow more moral.
This world is full of hypocrites.
