men bully me in school
men bully me online
men treat each other like shit for no reason
somehow I am supposed to hate women instead of other men
can someone explain this leap in logic?
women do all of those more than men, if anything men are relatively nice compared to foids.
It's not mutually exclusive. I don't like normalniggers either.
You hate women because all this happens to you, and then you go look for solace in women who reject/ignore you. The original trauma is forgotten and you hyper-fixate on this transgression. Rinse and repeat.
I don't hate women, even if men do all of the things listed in the original post. It's something we're all adjusted too. It's competiton. Shit talking someone online, in a game, in vc. all of this is fueled and created by testostorone. The same thing that makes us like, and keeps us chained to women. We are replacable. Disposable, and picked apart and treated like fruits in a store. Thats why I don't like women. Read into something called Batemans principle. By default, for thousands of years. its been a thing.
Women destroyed Manchukuo and the future of the East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbH8BhgKXbM [Embed]
they do it to each other, too. 
https://www.verywellfamily.com/social-exclusion-and-girls-3288490
 According to one research study, girls may be simply acting naturally when they socially exclude others. The research, published in .
but they've never done any of that to me. so why shouldnt i hate you instead of them?
men are supposed to have agency. women are the ones with smaller brains. men CHOOSE to bully, assault, terrorize, and verbally abuse other men. They choose to humiliate you at a party. They choose to laugh at you and not listen to what you have to say.
Women hate the idea of dating me, and often get vaguely annoyed by me, but are overall way nicer to me and less shitty to me than men are. I don't hate women, and frankly am increasingly not a fan of men. But I'm also a weird autistic unmasculine guy, maybe not typical for the sort of guys who hate women, since a lot of them seem to care about masculinity a lot
most men are so narcisssistic that it rivals women on dating apps and its not a new thing. Men all think they have all the answers. For example the people who come here and tell you how to get laid. Literally every dude will tell you how to get pussy and then they will all be saying something different; and yet despite this they will all be just as smug about how 'right' they are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbH8BhgKXbM [Embed]
why'd you link a video of foids sucking at league?
