Mfw I got around 6 adds after posting my discord tag on this board and none of then can hold a conversation.
kill yourself
+block of text for original reply
You probably cant hold a conversation either go away boring lol
i've only added one, he was nice and interesting but we had literally 0 things in common and couldn't find anything to talk about.
What have you done to earn contact with someone who can hold a conversation? Are you a 10/10, or exceptionally gifted, are you a millionaire/billionaire or a famous actress?
You're not special enough for entertaining conversation.
blackpill : if you're not good looking you hae to be a clown to women and entertain them all day long
I don't talk to anyone who uses discord. I find them all to have a varying degrees of social retardation.
It's best to have an actual conversation irl, if you can't get that, guess what? You're a social retard too.
I got around 6 adds
sounds like my WoW guild and their facepulling things back in TBC
Which is why its a waste of time. Don't bother with women who aren't attracted to you, they're not going to put out, they'll use you emotionally/"platonically".
You can't. You're probably sending dry messages.
but the ones who are attracted to me are also attracted to anyone with a dick and are total whores so yeah i'd rather not date anymore
You are not even white lol stfu
Girly, they do not even talk. lol
I wish I had someone talkative who is completely different from me. I would settle down at least
Does not make sense?
I do not talk to people irl much, I am afraid of being judged. 
I am not actually
she doesn't een realise she is not interested herself lol
shutup retard bimbo turdwhore insect moron fecal smear shit water garbage pile trash heap idiot
post a screenie of one of those convos with the blurred names
they do not even talk
you need to remember a lot of guy here are shy.
did you ask questions and make it clear you were interested in what he was talking about to lessen his anxieties??
I do not talk to people irl much, I am afraid of being judged. 
this is how they feel all the time.
try to be more engaging until they feel comfortable opening up to you.
https://voca.ro/188Fo5DgUHjP
They just dont talk
I dont like commitment irl.
they do not even talk. 
Why bother you chicks have nothing at all to say or talk about. Tried over 10 years. You dont put in effort so why should I? Only genuine conversation anyone can get anymore is from guys. Because I'm not going to twist arms anymore just to talk to someone.
s-sis... that screenshot doesn't do you any favors. you sound awful. please don't add people if you'll just waste their time.
You are boring no colour can change your personality becky ass bitch haha
was that screenie supposed to prove a point lmao
mfs on r9k cant chat to save their LIFE
Yeah that they contribute to the problem then wonder why no one wants to have a conversation with them.
:D
Oh, really
My bad
Im at least white
You shitskin nigger
holy fuck ok why dont YOU try actually chatting with them instead of talking only when they do
that's what happens when you talk to chad, chad has no personality
mfw a normie girl is shitting and dabbing on robots
lol
this scenario makes me anxious
man/tranny (same thing) adds people from /r9k/
expects them to entertain him
k
Your race wont exist in the next 50 years meanwhile I can take advantage of intoxicated white women at the club and quite literally do anything I want to them bc im hot haha
yea this mf totally chad ok, yea 
good
wet paper towel expecting deep enriching conversations from pieces of white bread. 
ur expectations probably ruined ur interactions.
i feel nothing for these fags, it is pitiful to backstab your ego for attention
What the fuck is this. This can't be real, right? Are we at a point where we make troll threads like this. You are a male that makes posts on internet where you act like a young woman that can't hold a conversation. Just so you can get an easy reaction out of lonely and depressed men. Please seek help.
Im a biological woman though lollllllll
:D
Prove it you larping tranny
I added a girl (I assume it's a girl because trannies are more desperate than attention) from here and just stopped texting after like 4 texts because I realized she isn't trying to have a conversation at all. Not everyone here is a braindead simp. Some people just don't want to have a conversation with you
i ghosted the first girl that craved my attention so that she would be very sad. she even posted about me sometimes here
value yourselves, kings
Maybe you're just boring?
I rarely add people on discord but when I do I almost always have a nice time talking with them
Your problem: you didn't added me. I am the most interesting person on this board. Do better next time
Did you try telling them you're a firekeeper?
Picrel is Emerald Herald Shanolotte from Dark Souls 2.
I ponce masturbatted with habanero hotsauce hffmmph firefuwussy!!
i hate how eeryone is getting baited when it's clear that either she is talking to chads and they're not interested beyond nudes or hook ups or she is talking to ugly guys so she puts zero effort
I added this girl and she started blogging about all the Chads she's been railed by over the years including 3 from /r9k/ eventually I got fed up and blocked her. 
Disgusting.
robot types long reply, thought out, plenty of points to talk about and dive deeper into someone's mind and get to know them
foid responds with a whopping five words
And people used to say I was bad at socializibg, my god
Lol who are you? I did not even notice anyone blocking me :3
as you see there are people who are a lot worse than you. Be thankful
its a grooming troon discord? whats this shit lol.
How many dicks have you taken? How many have been in your ass?
you say that, but i get ghosted after 1 message despite the fact that i'm esoteric and mysteriouspilled. 
nevermind, my career sucks. chose to not go down that path if it means being single and working my balls off. also, 
doxxing dms
it's funny when it happens to others, but you're showing robots other robots' dms. morally wrong and sillypilled
what did you censor from the messages????????
are you the person whose dms are in that pic
you mean, is my pfp that guy? yeah.
And who's to say you're not the one that is trying to talk?
I've made the effort only for women to lie and play the victim, they ghost and post here about how they can't find a decent chat.
You're a liar like them too I bet.
Guy sends effort in his message
You send boring 5 word reply 
Lmao I was right. I knew it. You don't even realise why he didn't reply was your short boring replies! Hahaha
oh, nevermind, read it again. no, i (>>73077360) am not the guy that got 
exposed
thought for a second you weren't op and were going to message me back
i like your stance on posting about people you meet on 4chan on 4chan, and that's a cute anime boy
6 figs minimum for you cuck
the lowest standards having r9k e-girl
Fuck your job interview.
this, why isn't she talking about sex? bringing nothing to the table in exchange for his time and effort
i imagine she ghosted any of the guys who tried to be more forward
if you are a biological female i will talk to you or listen to your bullshit. if not belt stairway yourself.
In my experience thus far, all the women on 4chan are young and have very, very serious mental illness. None of them have come to terms with it, and most of them are immature as hell. I suppose that makes sense being that they claim they're 19 but are in fact 14 or something. I mean, by the time I was 19 I'd traveled around the world on my own, flying to different countries. I'd had girlfriends, I got along with tons of people. I was never talented, never particularly skilled in anything and never very funny. Maybe I'm what you'd call a "chad", but if so I suspect you have the worst eyesight ever or some extreme and severely detrimental form of mental retardation requiring you to wear a drool absorbing bib and ice hockey helmet at all times. Young women these days are absolutely no different from at any time. Little cry babies here on 4chan I assume are mostly actors laughing and troll fishing for little fishes to bite their bait. It's really neither funny nor entertaining even looking in at it. It's just sad that such intellectually inept dimwits would derive pleasure from smushing and mashing and rechewing prechewed predigested shit in their mouths and passing it mouth-to-mouth between themselves (not gay).
