I told my female discord friend that, although I literally stalk her, I'm not in love with her and I don't think about her romantically or sexually and she just believed it. It wasn't a total lie because it's true that I generally don't think of her like that but does she really think a part of me isn't totally in love with her??? She has a bf btw.
How many other men have been half obsessed with her before?
i think you should post pictures of her feet
More than two. I can't say exactly.
Don't have that. Wouldn't post it if I did.
She doesn't care if you watch her live her life. You're no threat and free validation of her existence. She knows you're a simp.
Sounds about right. When you put it like that it makes me wanna kill her desu. Not that I hate her or ever would but the envy jealousy resentment whatever makes me upset.
I like thinking about murdering her or vandalizing her home because it makes me feel like I have power over her whereas now she has power over me.
i really think "what did he mean by this" should be excluded from the robot filter
This is why I dont befriend scrotes lmao.
I said half obsessed but you're just some faggot living a fantasy and any threat to that fantasy results in murder?
Why. I'm always there for her and always supportive. What have I done wrong? Obviously not all men are like me so stop being a dramatic woman.
Oh. You're not a simp.
You're just some sissy with a fantasy.
Not results in murder, no. I think murder is wrong and I think this girl has done nothing wrong. However, I like imagining murder because *if* I murdered her I would make sure she can never reject me again. In fact me killing her will erase her rejection along with her herself.
Sissy??? What the fuck.
Only a sissy sits in his room, obsessing over a woman that only uses him, and thinks about murdering her because he can't help himself from letting himself be used by this woman. 
You surrendered yourself to another human being and your cope is the fantasy of killing them. You know you can take power back by simply just forgetting they exist, right?
You're absolutely right, although I'm not sure if "sissy" is the right word. This is a white pill I guess so thanks.
lost cause
P.S. I'm going to kill you you fucking bitch you fucking hole
just read the post you quoted again for my response
Rude. I hope you get raped and butchered like the evil meat sack you are. Die.
Stop thinking about other people
You're just some living thing. It's like the cope of religion. What makes your opinions right? What makes you different from a tree? A wasp? The moss on a rock?
Good idea :)
I love moss. And lichen.
You're just here until you're not. Don't spend your time here on something else that is just here.
What do you mean by these two sentences?
It means I'm bored and entertaining myself in a manner that might help instead of harm.
I think I'm not mad at her anymore btw. I never really was I was just mad at myself.
