feminism has been hijacked by trannies
radfems and terfs are seen as bigoted extremists 
how did trannies destroy an entire movement
and more importantly, how do women cope ???
Because women are retards with their all inclusive movements. It isn't that hard to infiltrate their leftist spiel and kick them out of the very thing they created
trannies join something
it gets ruined
Feminism has always been a movement for loser women. Even at my liberal college the feminist group was just a bunch of green haired headcases and fatties that all the stacies made fun of. Trannies cucking them is just the next level. Don't worry because Islam will take over most western countries in the next 50 years.
Simply because of the progressive stack, feminists believe that there are several institutions oppressing minorities and these forms of oppressions often intersect therefore trans women since they suffer from more modalities of oppression they have priority in the movement.
The problem is that if feminist refute the progressive stack model the only other way that they have to legitimize their movement is to become unironically the gender kkk
feminism won you get to write moid on male dominated websites and you get to work a 9 to 5 with your friends.
what more could you possibly want
Honestly anon as a crypto TERF the coping is really hard. I am enrolled in university and even a guest lecturer had his pronouns listed in his name on Zoom. I have been in real life situations where people ask me for my pronouns as if everyone is top stupid to tell I am female. We are so gaslit into pretending sexual dimorphism isn't a thing. Women's sports and prisons are endangered by autogynephilic violent moids but I know I am seen as an extremist by ultraprogressives. My only hope comes from normies and unironically conservatives who can afford to stand up to trans stuff since they are considered bigots already
my hope is in conservatives
kekekekek
I'm a guy and find the pronoun and forced acceptance shit is stupid.
But also I like trannies and think more people should body-mod however they want, be it shooting up steroids and transitioning to alpha male like Zyzz did or shooting up female hormones and growing tits like trannies do. Or if you're born female you could use testosterone gel and grow a large hyena clit. Or get a split tongue for giving more interesting blowjobs. Also mechanical bodymods would be cool too, like people getting magnetic implants and learning to sense magnetic fields. Oh, and self-experimentation with ketamine or LSD for mind alteration too.
this has to be bait, there isn't a female on this planet with this level of self awareness
TERFs and radfems are incapable of compromising or tolerating anyone that isn't with them on 100% of issues. They hate every other anti-tranny group for various reasons relating to the "RF" part of "TERF", they burn every bridge they have, then wonder why no-one's willing to back them up.
They relied too heavily on the "I'm more oppressed than you" argument and then got btfo'd when it turned out that trannies could take that same argument and use it against them. Yet TERFs still rabidly cling to that flawed argument and refuse to let it go, for reasons unknown.
What she described is an extremely common take and basically how all terfs think about trannies and gender ideology. Surprised you haven't seen a female anon post that sort of thing before.
someone irl has mentioned that take before, it was mostly ironic- but you have to admit that there are a lot of brainwashed people out there who are just insisting upon none of this being a problem at all. most of them are social groups dominated by dike women/gay men
The trannies are rapists, and they are pawns of the Jews. 
It is a psyop/astroturfing campaign. No surprise. 
I fucking love women.
You cope by having sex with men until you get pregnant and give birth.
I definitely noticed this about regular women who dislike trannies and their motivation for why.
It took me a bit to realize it because I never saw being female as an oppression thing and never thought of being male as an advantage.
But these women do I think and have a special kind of spite for the trannies because they see them as men who are mocking the struggle they lived through as women in a similar way to some billionaire deciding to dress up like a homeless man and roll around in trash going
UwU I LOVE being trans-poor, I'm so pathetic and downtrodden, God this hot, I love being abused for my small useless economic status!
It's pretty funny thinking of it that way and realizing how insulting those women see it as when trannies get off to being pathetic and soft and weak like regular women were forced to be against their will due to birth.
not my problem roastie, you reap what you sow.
you hated men and tried to frame them for everything bad, some men played you at your own game by trooning out and pinning all the bad stuff on you.
Admit that its funny as fuck to hear a tranny say they're more woman than most women.
Trannies are agents of destruction. Golems created by leftists to upend society. Now they are turning on their progenitors, and it's glorious.
OMG OMG OMG
WE WONT HAVE GIRLS ONLY LAWS,GIRLS ONLY COMPETITIONS,GIRLS ONLY SCHOLARSHIPS,GIRL QUOTAS AT SCHOOLS AND JOBS,LOWER REQUIREMENTS FOR GIRLS ETC. BECAUSE EVERYONE CAN BE A GIRL NOW IF THEY JUST PUT ON A DRESS IS IT OVER FOR WOMEN???
WOMEN ARE BEING GENOCIDED.
This is litterally the holocaust of women.
The Patriarchy won...
Islam will take over most western countries in the next 50 years
That's the funniest thing I ever have seen.
At uni I tried warning people about how that culture treats women like a breeding cattle and will outbreed all the soicucks.
And once it happens all that precious gender equality and sexual freedom will go away.
I was called racist.
I was called bigot.
I was told I know nothing about Islam.
I was told to shut up and threatened that university management will find out if I keep talking.
Why it's funny?
Because I was told all this by your typical green haired woke whateversexual blahblahgender cunts.
Y'know, people who will suffer the most under Shariah, while I will pretty much rise to the top of islamic hierarchy (especially if I convert to Islam)
I literally was trying to explain piggies that they're marching to a slaughter.
Not for my own sake, but for theirs.
At what point you give up and let idiots to idiot right off the cliff?
What is feminism's agenda in 2023? I don't think it was hijacked, it just met most all of its goals and fizzled out. And they parade under "trans rights" not "feminism".
tumblr is directly responsible for all this tranny shit. i dont think people realize the amount of damage the tumbrlinas have done
Yep, they see the advantages that high-status males reap in our society, and immediately assume ALL males have those same advantages. They don't even acknowledge the ones that don't get those advantages, and berate or even blame those low-status men for their own situation, ironically because they themselves usually have a bias in favour of those high-status men and would rather go for the easy/acceptable target.
Side note: if this seems familiar to how incels view women and the current state of women in society, that's because it is.
But these women do I think and have a special kind of spite for the trannies because they see them as men who are mocking the struggle they lived through as women
Kind of? That's certainly part of it, but I'd say that another big part is simply how much of a spanner it throws in their own arguments. So many of the arguments they used to use no longer work, or can be utilized against them, thanks to trannies. The arguments they can use against trannies (ones relying on biological facts and realism) are ones they used to decry as oppressive, patriarchal, or otherwise misogynistic, and they really don't want to use them.
met most all of its goals
Egalitarianism has far from met its goals. It was established long ago and has always been strove for by countless peoples throughout the ages. Potentially for millions of years. All societies and cultures have regressive and conservative elements. All have right-wing divine right of kings, class worshiping doctrines within their very foundations. This is because the innate human spirit is itself corrupted, tainted with the sin of a false God, not the true reality that we should worship and adore.
A. NOTHING BEFORE REALITY (GOD)
 1. HAVE NO OTHER GOD BEFORE ME
 2. MAKE NO GRAVEN (written, formed) IMAGE
 3. DO NOT TAKE THE NAME IN VAIN
1. means to accept reality as it is, it's a commandment against delusion.
2. means not to replace reality with a book (the bible) or an image of worship (pornography) or any other object created by humankind (smartphone).
3. means not to claim the reality of something in vain, in other words not to protect your own vanity by refusing to admit you are wrong.
feminism destroys western civilization
get destroyed in return by the beast it has created
Just hilarious. We trully live in the funnier tomeline. Clown world.
For completeness sake albeit a little off-topic:
B. CLEAR YOUR MIND TO THINK CLEARLY
 4. REMEMBER THE SABBATH
 5. HONOR THOSE WHO CAME BEFORE YOU
4. means to take time off for fun, to not work continuously and reserve the ability to clear your mind from stressful thoughts so you can allow your soul to speak clearly from within.
5. means that you should consider the lives and experience of all those who came before you, that they lived the same lives and certainly had all the same thoughts and emotions you'll have, that the past was no different from the future.
And the next section is often mistaken as the final section, which leaves out the important instruction regarding the natural stone altar (not cut or modified from nature by humans) and the stairway leading there which I'll describe in a forth post.
C. DO NOT BE A DICK!
 6. DO NOT MURDER (murder is any action that could lead to a loss of a human life in the same vein as the hippocratic oath: "do no harm".)
 7. DO NOT BETRAY YOUR OATHS (the oath to your wife/husband promising your eternal soul is focused here, although it is a mistake to focus only on that one specific oath or acts which may break it.)
 8. DO NOT STEAL
 9. DO NOT BEAR FALSE WITNESS
 10. DO NOT COVET ANY POSSESSIONS OF YOUR PEER (house, wife, slaves, animals, other possessions)
6. means simply don't do anything ever that could even potentially lead to someone else dying.
7. means essentially that you should never give any oath unless you're absolutely certain it will never be broken, as ultimately you are shattering your own very soul.
8. means simply don't steal anything, and pay for what everything is worth to you, more than what it costs to produce but not simply its price.
9. means not to make false accusations as much like the 3rd and 7th, you are betraying your own soul and God by proving yourself a liar.
10. means not to engage in the sin of envy or to feel hatred toward others for their good fortune.
feminism has been hijacked by trannies
cheers to you, transexuals. cheers to you, hons. i support you. i genuinely have no hatred of transexuals, and i pity their suffering and i hope they find love
and are based for giga-dabbing on feminism
And further, often left out of Exodus 20,
D. INSTRUCTIONS FOR WORSHIP
 As they see the voices, flames and the loud sound and the mount smoking;
 as they say to Moses `You speak and we hear, God can't speak to us or we will die!`
 Do not make with me gods of silver or even gold for yourselves.
Make me an altar of earth, and sacrifice on it offerings burnt and of peace and livestock; wherever I am remembered I will join you and you will be blessed.
Make an altar of stones, do not use hewn stone; do not taint it with tools or it will be ruined.
Do not climb to my altar by stairway so your sex will not be revealed from below.
What do women think
I don't know and I don't care. They built this machine of hate made to destroy lives and when they were the ones controling it we told them it would turn against them one day or another. 
They had a laugh. Now they have trannies. 
They will suck the feminine dick, they will drink the feminine sperm and they will be happy.
Feminism has always been a jewish-led movement to destroy women's happiness and destroy White nations. Enjoy being replaced by men in dresses in all of your sports and raped by migrant niggers you voted to replace your White populations with.
The best thing about this trans effect on our culture is when everyone online constantly believes every female has a dick and XY sex chromosome. Once you losers all are forced to believe every XX female in fact is an XY male, true egalitarianism will finally have a real chance to exist.
Only you losers will go extinct, which is called NATURAL SELECTION!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!
https://youtu.be/pOZ9nWPsiWY [Embed]
Tranny Derangement Sydrome is getting to scary levels
It's become an all consuming issue for the right and for feminists 
How can one group be so based
I honestly enjoy being perceived as a bigoted extremist. 
Fuck normgoloids. This world can burn for all I care
natural selection is an out dated concept with intelligent design
we literally have technology to change dna right now. we will have ai smarter than us soon enough. in due time, we will implement intelligent design for our genetic problems
and robots to replace useless roasties like you
Soon will come a day when trannies pop pills that change them at a genetic level, nanobots to refit their bones, etc.
Hypertrannies will look identical to cis women in 100 years
It'll be kino
never thought I'd ever say this but based trannies
feminists were the ones that voted for this bullshit and I hope they are terrified of getting raped every time they enter a public restroom and see an ugly fucker that's a foot taller than them
You are meant to be conquered. All men needed was a small detachment of whackjobs and they had your movement compromised. You hate men because in your warped, twisted mind you want to compete with them, but you were never meant to.
yes. the singularity and super intelligent ai will technically be able to give us technology that is beyond our imagination
isnt that incredible? its why im staying alive. the future really is worth living to see
Hypertrannies will look identical to cis women in 100 years
in 100 years
i forgot to say, 100 is beyond unreasonable. the lightbulb was invented 140 years ago. 100 years is a REALLY long time
we will have everything you said in about 15 to 20 years
once ai starts going burrr, your fantasies become reality
I hope so anons
I hope so.
Why should I care? Women overwhelmingly vote in favor of all the pro-trans and gender bending bullshit, feminists pushed this crap and now they must reap what they have sowed. This is also pay back for ruining all male spheres of interest and hobbies so now a bunch of mentally ill men can ruin their circles
Gender bending is based.
What has being born and collectively Gaslight into the slave class
read : men
Ever done for me?
You fucking asked for this retard kys. The ONLY upside to this clownworld tranny worshiping society we live in now is watching troons invade all your spaces and dominate you fucking parasites in sports.
hint: OP is a real woman (male) and I am a nonman (what even is a man?)
I am wearing human skin but it's not my own;
I'M ONLY HERE NOW BECAUSE I CAN'T GO HOME!!
I want transwomen in female spaces as reverse misogyny because it pisses off ciswomen
guytappinghead.jpg
Just use ovarit libfems don't go there
Based
Make cis women and whiteknights seethe
thanks illuminati for killing feminism 
thanks taylor swift
unironically conservatives who can afford to stand up to trans stuff since they are considered bigots already
Terfism is just right-wing reaction for people who don't want to admit they're right-wing reactionaries.
 I am enrolled in university and even a guest lecturer had his pronouns listed in his name on Zoom. I have been in real life situations where people ask me for my pronouns as if everyone is top stupid to tell I am female. 
idk, I'm a trans rights activist and I and most of the other trans people I know find all that pronoun stuff extremely dumb and cringeworthy. (I'm not trans myself. Just friends with a bunch.) I think that sort of thing is kind of independent from trans stuff though. It's mostly weird progressives signaling to each other and others.
Women's sports and prisons are endangered by autogynephilic violent moids 
It's reasonable to be concerned about post-pubertal transitioners in women's sports and somewhat reasonable to be concerned about bepenised individuals in women's prisons but this framing of "autogynephilic violent moids" is the exact same as /pol/ talking about jews or blacks or women. It's right-wing propaganda mill slop.
100% agreed on all of that. I'm not a pronounist but I am a transhumanist.
Clown world.
Everyone who uses this polreddit phrase is far more clownish than anyone they've ever talked about.
Just use ovarit libfems don't go there
aka fempolreddit
It's become an all consuming issue for the right and for feminists
Just radical feminists. Non-radical feminists are generally pro-trans.
How do so many people think posting these schizo infographics make them seem intellectual rather than psychotic and retarded?
Feminism has always been a jewish-led movement to destroy women's happiness and destroy White nations. Enjoy being replaced by men in dresses in all of your sports and raped by migrant niggers you voted to replace your White populations with.
Chud buzzword bingo is always a hoot and a holler.
