Sad times. Fatties like me are the only true incels.
Fatties like me are the only true incels.
what are your stats?
just lose the weight. why is that hard for you?
Every letter you type in this thread should be one push up you do a day 
you can do it piggy.
I have no sympathy for someone with a self-inflicted problem.
Fatties like me are the only true incels.
Lose weight. The only thing you're lacking is willpower, faggot.
t. someone who suffered/s from hypothyroidism and could still lose weight
330 lbs, 6'2. Height doesn't matter when you're a fucking blob.
You think if it was easy i'd be here?
I like how the solution isn't for society to be less shallow, it's to just be less fat so I can placate the whims of a vain collective.
Having an abusive mother seems self inflicted you're right.
330 lbs, 6'2.
you're a big guy.
t. 260 lbs, 6'3
I like how the solution isn't for society to be less shallow, it's to just be less fat so I can placate the whims of a vain collective.
You're not a woman so stop bitching like one.
You think if it was easy i'd be here?
it's not easy, but it's worth it. growing up as an obese kid, I figured living that way forever will ruin my life. I was treated like shit by everyone because I was fat, no one wanted to be my friend. girls bullied and laughed at me. I couldn't fit into anything that wasn't XXL walmart track pants. I never felt comfortable even standing up or walking around. All my clothes clung to me. I felt like I was suffocating in my body. I ate junk food to ease the pain. once puberty came around and I saw all the guys getting attention from girls except me, I had enough and asked my parents for a treadmill during the summer after grade 7. I used those two months to slim down and in eighth grade, everything changed. I made friends and talked to some girls. I felt comfortable wearing anything, I could wear jeans. even on my bad days I felt immensely better than when I was fat. 
you owe it to yourself to be happy, you don't have to live like this forever.
Mirin the lower weight.
Your attitude is sexist and you're just wrong.
Its the principle of it. I have to change because THEY HAVE THE PROBLEM. I would be fine living the way I am. But it's other people that have an issue, it's THEIR PREJUDICE.
I get that I CAN conform, but why the fuck SHOULD I? What has this fucking shit-stained toilet of a society done for me that I should be so inclined to change for THEM?
Your attitude is sexist and you're just wrong.
Okay, this is just bait.
>/fit/
We can fix one of those things
I get that I CAN conform, but why the fuck SHOULD I? What has this fucking shit-stained toilet of a society done for me that I should be so inclined to change for THEM?
nah you say that now but continue being fat for another 5-10 years and watch as you start acquiring all sorts of medical problems. diabetes, high blood pressure, having your limbs amputated because they can't survive from all the fat. being in a wheelchair, always sick and tired. always feeling fatigued and weak. if you're obese you'll be lucky to make it to 40, if you want to die early and sick that's your choice. society won't care either way, but you should.
No one wants to date me because I am fat
THEY SHOULD CHANGE WHAT THEY FIND AND IS OBJECTIVELY ATTRACTIVE AND DATE ME. NEVERMIND THAT BEING OBESE IS AN INDICATOR OF A LACK OF COMMITMENT TO MYSELF, A LACK OF RESPECT FOR MYSELF, AND MY POOR WILLPOWER. ALSO ITS MY MOMS FAULT I SHOVEL FOOD IN MY FACE DAILY AND DONT EXERCISE.
No one will date a fat r9k guy like me
leave r9k and then you're just a regular fat guy
Being fat is way better than being skinny
Factual. You have to workout on either end, and you look way better as a fat guy who got healthy than a skinny guy who got healthy.
Oh no, I'll die and not have to live in a rotten society that hates me.
Yeah, they should. If society can change to suit itself to others needs, then they can change to mine for once. Fuck them. You want me to contribute to this fuckstain? Give me something in return, a true capitalist exchange.
At least your knees don't hurt, and some women actually like the skinny k-pop bois. No woman EVER has said, "I love fat guys"
so lose weight you fat turd
being fat is DISGUSTING AND REPULSIVE. i literally did a 36 day water fast and im going to do another 40 day water fast soon
just be skinny
being fat is so repulsive. its your fault
No woman EVER has said, "I love fat guys"
just workout and become strongfat
Unless you're "can't walk up the stairs" level women don't care about weight all that much. You're 6'2" and probably white there is no excuse outside of the lack of availability
"WHAA WHAA SOCIETY HAS TO CHANGE SO CAN GET A GF!"
"WHAA WHAA ITS NO MY FAULT IM FAT AND REFUSE TO LOSE WEIGHT ITS MY MOMS FAULT SHE MADE ME SAD!"
Are you genuinely retarted? Do you hear yourself? You're fat but refuse to excersise or even take resposability for your own actions and demand that everyone else changes so you dont have to.
This has to be a fucking larp no way someone could be this retarded even on /r9k/
fuck you for being a gross fat manbaby and posting a cute cat picture that's cultural appropriation
hey, its for you
THEY HAVE THE PROBLEM
society doesnt fucking care about you, you have the problem youre the one who cant get a gf and refuses to change
Just choose not to be fat. 
Choose to not eat so much. Choose to avoid carbs, especially sugars.
Choose to work out. 
Choose to focus on your education/career. 
Choose to make an effort in your appearance. Choose to dress well. You could get a nice look going entirely from thrifted items. 
I have very little sympathy for those who CHOOSE to fail. It's not like you live in the 3rd world. This shit is easy. Well, okay not easy. You'll want to watch anime and jack off and play video games all day. But if you want to have a woman bad enough you'd make it so. 
You just don't have the drive. So why should I have sympathy for you? You chose this.
I get that I CAN conform, but why the fuck SHOULD I? What has this fucking shit-stained toilet of a society done for me that I should be so inclined to change for THEM?
Then just kys now
knows his lifestyle will slowley kill him, still refuses to change
FACTS
op is a nasty fatty
I'm the same height as you and weigh 150lbs. There is no way I could win against you in a fight. Think about what that means in the mind of a woman. Being fat may be disgusting but at least it gives physical presence.
ugh, the physical presence of fatsos
DISGUSTING AND REPULSIVE
Why would I lose weight for people who hate me and find me repulsive?
its your fault
It's not my fault they have an issue. I don't control them.
Girls should just accept me as is.
I haven't found any available women.
Yeah, parental issues never fuck over people and give them emotional disorders to include those of which being eating to cope with stress.
Fuck you for being mean and telling me I can't post cat pictures.
society doesnt fucking care about you
Oh shit, the feeling is mutual!
It's not wrong to be fat and want a gf who cares about me.
You'll want to watch anime and jack off and play video games all day
Dude what's wrong with that? How come other people can do it, literally for a living and I can't because I'm fat?
Yeah, with all the people calling me a fat worthless loser, I can't believe that I wouldn't be willing to bend over backwards to help people who hate me and do what they want. And gosh after they were so NICE to me, like all of the nice anons here like >>73078143 calling me a "nasty fatty".
There is no way I could win against you in a fight.
If you keep talking like this you're going to give me a boner. But yeah, thanks for the confidence boost. Preciate it mate. You're nicer than a lot of other people here.
girls should just accept me as is
over 300lbs
why would they?! you have a very unattractive personality based on every post in this thread. do you at least have a job? there's nothing appealing sexually, romantically, or otherwise about an unskilled super-obese weak-willed man.
Girls should just accept me as is.
Do you accept yourself?
why would they?!
Because I would accept them despite their flaws.
you have a very unattractive personality
Anon, we don't know each other.
do you at least have a job? 
Not yet, but i'm working on it
there's nothing appealing sexually, romantically, or otherwise about an unskilled super-obese weak-willed man.
There's nothing appealing to me about women who choose not to date me because of my weight.
Yeah, I'd say so. Just wish others did the same.
If you accept yourself, then you give off the vibe of self-confidence therefore you should attract girls. Maybe you should try to be around different people as much as possible and you find her.
where are you from, anon? you dont sound like a bad person
ALERT
ALERT
DO NOT BE SKINNY
WOMEN DO NOT FIND SKINNY HOT
BE MUSCULAR IF YOU WANT A GF
t. 6'2, 122lbs, KHHV
I can try Anon.
I'm from Washington on the west coast in America.
I've literally been passed over by women for skinny men. Women love skinny boys.
It's true. There is no hope for us guys suffering from food addiction. Smoking or drugs are 'cool' and make you seem MORE attractive if anything...but definitely not being fat. Also, you have to confront your drug daily no matter what, whereas with other addictions you CAN quit. It's a horrible existence being mocked and shunned for having such an issue.
Then fucking run or do push ups. It's literally that easy. If you want to eat like a shit pig. Then move. Ofc you won't do shit and cry here, you are a weak faggot shit. You deserve it.
It's a horrible existence being mocked and shunned for having such an issue.
Absolutely truthpilled. I wish food addiction was easier to cope with and that I didn't always end up fucking myself over.
you are a weak faggot shit. You deserve it.
Well, I mean the sooner I get fat and die the sooner i don't have to be insulted by anons like you who call me "weak faggot shit" so I guess that's a plus.
I'm from Washington on the west coast in America.
im all the way on the opposite coast, you remind me of another fat anon i used to know
we don't know each other
yes but you are posting so much that's revealing of your inner self. you literally are either baiting, trolling, or hopeless
im all the way on the opposite coast
Aww, thats a shame. Yeah, being fat is universal I guess.
You'll never truly get a grasp of me till you talk to me personally. Text won't give you the context you need.
You'll never truly get a grasp of me
my hands are far too small c:
You'll never truly get a grasp of me
Female? Grasp me please.
its your fault
It's not my fault they have an issue. I don't control them.
are you retarded? They dont care, they dont have an issue with you being fat, youre the one here whinning how you shouldnt have to do anything and how everything should be handed to you on a silver plater
this has gone past being an incel this is just delusion
i'mmaleat birth but probably i would find you painfully unattractive because you're really fat and at most be willing to cuddle with you
i'm 6'2 250 lbs, am i the alpha fattie? or is that OP because he's fatter than both of us
also i needed a little extra push to get to the gym today so thanks, i'm about to finish my shake and go get ready
If your ribcage isn't always visible you are a fattie
tfw ribcage is visible and I'm fat as fuck
I just have a shit fat distribution.
good luck at the gym fatanon
you can do it!!!
what if i am fat but my ribcage is gigantic and literally like, dictates my ability to fit into shirts, even when underweight i can't wear certain sizes
isnt that a barrel chest?
Imagine how retarded you have to be to believe that. All those women are saying they'd pick the jestering middle guy because it makes them look less shallow. Given a choice of the three to date in reality, not a single one is actually taking that dude.
they dont have an issue with you being fat
The lie detector determined that was a lie.
youre the one here whinning how you shouldnt have to do anything and how everything should be handed to you on a silver plater
How is my quest for a gf any less valid than skinny dudes complaining about not getting a gf when they have it infinitely easier in most cases?
Thats nice. But I just.. I want someone who loves me as I am and isn't disgusted by me.
Fatfucks have it solved. "Why am I a no gf loser? Oh yeah. I'm fat" they have a built in goal to work for.
Once you are fit, not having a gf is just a puzzle paradox that mindrapes you
my advice to you is to calorie count diet
you don't even need to exercise
i've done it from a point of severe obesity and it's less fun in some ways than eating and drinking anything you want but it's more fun to be closer to healthy, in the long run. just google a tdee calculator and enter your height and weight and click sedentary, then subtract from it. i eat 1500 calories per day and i have lost 18 pounds in 30 days. there's over 3000 calories in 1lb of body fat so think about how badly you've messed up at nourishing yourself repeatedly for years.
This anon knows. I was morbidly obese from fucking elementary school up until about 30, and for so many years I though losing weight would change everything. Then I busted my ass to actually do it, got myself to a healthy weight, and came to the devastating realization that the psychological damage had been done and is irreversible. I look significantly better now, yet I'm so much more of an anxious, avoidant, tension-filled permavirgin wreck of a man than I was as a neckbeard blob a decade-and-a-half ago.
lose weight
doing that
feel great
