Some of my favorite artists are Alex G, Crywank, Elliott Smith, Daniel Johnston, The Smiths and Neutral Milk Hotel. 
What about you?
alex g seems to be getting popular with robots.
Finally! Someone with good taste.
I love NMH so much it's unreal.
My other favorites include:
Mitski, Tally Hall, Miracle Musical, Mareux, Goreshit, Chaos Chaos, Sewerslvt, Bye2, Crystal Castles.
but yeah i like all the artists you mentioned except for crywank.
Communist love song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sqi4vG428Q [Embed] 
It's really good, read about communism
I'm a low-tier rap pleb mixed with rock and metal. some of my favorite artists include Unaverage Gang, Juicy J, Joeyy and Marlon Dubois/Shed Theory, Saliva, Sosmula, and Korn.
oh and also Sematary and of course Bladee/Drain Gang. How could I ever forget about Bladee, take a knyfe drain ur lyfe hahaha.
Why does every single faggot trying to pretend to have "good taste" name drop these pasty, half-assed "indie" faggot screechers? I don't think anyone actually genuinely enjoys their shit.
Also, Crywank fucking sucks, and you only listen to that shit because of the name of the band. 
Examples of proper robotcore bands: Silkworm, The Smiths, Joy Division, Boards of Canada
Shut the fuck up avatarfaggot
I like all kinds of music as long as it's vaguely sad. some examples are none, coma cinema, mogwai, woods of desolation, grouper, have a nice life, carissa's wierd, lifelover, codeine, good night and good morning, rome, black wing, sprain and hood. slowcore is probably my favorite genre but I like all kinds of negative stuff.
I listen to everything honestly but lately ive been listening to hella darkthrone, lifelover, gtt, crystal castles, gezebelle gaburgably, and drain gang
I am actually very into early '00s buttrock.
Make me, sewer-water drinker. Maybe if you pretend to agree with every review Pitchfork's done over the past two decades, some arthoe with a similar disposition to being told what is good will let you smell her pussy. 
The fuck is with you faggots and Crystal Castles? They're so mediocre.
God I hate tiktok zoomer music, stop pretending to like the new thing for an aesthetic 
Personally I enjoy Commix, Ripsquad, Genesis , square puller, danny brown, death grips, m|o|o|n, porter robinson, Foxxy Dekay, current value, dog blood, seven lions, supercar, pains of being pure at heart, sadness, Jank, MUST DIE!
Crystal Castle, Drain Gang, and Alex G all blew up on tiktok in the past year
What do you mean "Finally" 
nhm is literally embedded into board culture, what the fuck happened to this shithole, so many newfags and normies...
Anything by Pat Schneeweis (especially his earlier stuff) is essential robotcore since its about being a loser.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeRrS-o7twk [Embed]
Why would I give a fuck about your stupid tiktok bullshit in any context? Fuck off and never come back, faggot.
Right? It's fucking incredible.
Just kill yourself, trendfaggot.
yees. such a good band(s)
I hate his new work with jpegmafia, totally cringe.
Enjoyed Hot Soup and think Atrocity Exhibition is a solid album, problem?
No, I was answering your question about why so many people like the aforementioned band.
Who is the guy in the image? I saw this song like 10 years and can't think of the name or even how to describe it when searching for it.
Cold Beer (Cry Tunes) by Jesse Stewart
https://youtu.be/ZEvQOPUHGH8 [Embed]
He's dead now. 
Also it's a cover and the original is actually just a comedic skit by these Eastern Canadian silly guys.
https://youtu.be/RFs-Qmc3IcU [Embed]
sematary is the future of all music
Surf Curse is good and so is Beach Goons.
Thank you, fren. 
Extra shit as to avoid the robot muting me.
Jizzlord
Cumboss
retarded underground trap music and shoegaze
Nine Inch Nails
Been listening to a lotta George Clinton, Rick James, Roy Ayers and Common.
pretty much one or two songs from each, though. I need to listen to more music.
cold beer dont you ever worry i am right here
good tastes anon
check out blackbird raum if you care.
how is he a trendfaggot, danny's been making tracks since 2009, only recently with peggy he got popular with zoomers
Cascada (nightcore versions especially!)
CRIM3S (but not too loudly! Its bad for your ears anon)
How to Disappear Completely (for ambience)
Radiohead (self explanatory)
Deftones (Im kinda tired of them tho ngl)
Vocaloid hits!
Sewerslvt (for tiktok tranny tourists)
Kikuo (for drugfeel fags)
Kensuke Ushio compositions 
Crystal Castles (for simps and cool kids)
Every slowed and reverb 80s hit
A whole lots of lils, youngs, gangs (I used to love stuff like that too when I was 15)
Holy shit your music taste is awful
actually genuinely sincerely kill yourself
Why? Because I do not listen to your 2k views niche depresso band? I like pop music and it fits well with weeb chaotic camp theme of this whole site. Stop being so insecure snob-kun
My bloody valentine, the smiths, mogwai, radiohead, joy division, the cure. Pretty kino
I've been loving the beatles lately
Alex g always seems to be in my top played
I always confuse ellioth smith with Matt Elliot so I don't think I've ever heard a song from him, do you have a recommendation?
the smiths are great, which are your favorite songs of them?
to add I really like Aurora, alvvays, Beach House, pixies, Mazzy star, Patrick Watson and last but not least! the strokes
Any Weeners?
