Tfw no bf because moids don't want a schizopilled laincel gf
That is false and you know it
Moids have false beliefs. That is true.
don't know what that means, but you're watching too many edgy cartoons and not talking to enough people in real life.
I realized that most dudes dont have a gf not cause of fear of rejection but fear of the responsibility they need to have a relationship
Don't act like you understand anything scrote
This. Moids are afraid of responsibility
bawww nobody understands me
teenage girls amirite?
if this is bait kys op. what linux distro do you use?
Wth is a laincel?
And who are you? A grown ass man looking for teenage girls to prey on?
retarded bait
retarded person that falls for baits like this, and even so gets wrecked by op >>73078933
nah, i'm just posting on /r9k/ today for a little bit. I'd prefer a girl in their early 20s
It's not bait.
Someone into laincore aesthetic
Yeah lol
You are probably an incel lol!
Someone into laincore aesthetic
Follow up question, what is laincore and what is it's aesthetic like? Google has basically no info about that
Add me OP boriah#4262
I'm a schizo male looking for a schizo girl to talk to and see where it goes.
its a tranny IoI
It doesn't kill my curiosity about OP.
And statistically speaking that's such a low chance.
I just want to know and read about people that call themselves schizos.
ignoring the linux question
it sounds like you are mentally ill
Lain is a personality vacuum
Anyone who ever inserts into it hard is a nothing person. You. Are. Boring.
Uuh I think imma just.. Lemme get a yellow baber
did you get added?
don't know what that means, as long as you are hypersexual and ultra submissive you can be my gf
Nope.
Why so interested? You want to add me too? Feel free, if you want to talk I can lend a eye/ear.
Schizos are "nothing people" because they try to be everything.
That kind of boringness is comforting to some, extremely annoying to others.
The fact that you posted ITT reads like a confession that they frustrate you, and my assumption is that they do so because they make you feel uncomfortable for reasons that boil down to you, yourself being boring in the first place and unable to cope with how pointless your existence is.
Just do drugs and sex like normal people do, oh wait you can't because you are poor and unappealing and maybe that's also boring too and you don't want to think about it.
What's more funny is that you'll probably go into denial about these claims, but it's ok, we can pretend you aren't just as boring as everyone else.
What esoteric schizo knowledge can you share with us?
Ever heard of a little something called Anime? I know a lot about that. I also have wojak pictures. Pretty schizo right?
mostly just investigating how badly this thread is replybait
because you're probably really boring. you might be cute enough for guys to want to use your body, but your horrible personality turns everyone off from wanting an actual relationship and commitment with you
laincel
imagine being so starved for an identity that you latch onto a cartoon character, yawn
I have a gf who loves me buddy. 
We aren't all boring like you, get it through your egocentric head if you can.
laincel
tranny detected
trans women who look like this are scary to be around because they can read in your body language and speech how unattractive or offputting they look
what do you hope to gain from talking to a schizo tran? what if she was a painfully cynical "conspiracy theorist" of sorts
How does having a gf that loves you not make you boring?
What do you even conceptualize as love and boredom?
What's interesting about it?
Did you say that just to try and hurt me? Do you even really have a gf that loves you? Can you prove it?
I hope you cheerish her lovingly and not give her for granted and that goes for her as well if you love her and what you said is true.
I'm pretty sure you are boring, but simply because that's the state of existence for everything and everyone.
You need to feel mildly disgusted by concepts in order to feel superior, you were the one that came ITT to talk out of egocentrism completly unprompted like a savage.
Why aren't you caring about your beloved gf more instead? Love and life are both fleeting, you should enjoy them more instead of spending time here in a schizo tranny thread, but feel free to be an annoying idiot, that's your choice.
what do you hope to gain
The knowledge I lack.
You can learn anything from anyone, you just need to listen/read, but ultimately you can learn nothing too.
I'm a schizo, but I've never met another.
I'd love to know what another "schizo" thinks like to see if we are similar, but that applies to everyone.
I felt like OP wanted to be proved wrong, I'm confident I can do that. But maybe it's just a random bait threat to indirectly hate on women or whatever, I don't really give a shit.
So what do I hope to gain? I have no idea, but I know it will be something I'm looking for.
i asked because i am a schizophrenic mtf, i can add you on discord but you have to promise that you won't like dox me or something, i can't post my own discord since it's identifying
I know who you are by your typing style. I will make sure everyone knows your sick acts in time
Just add me.
I can promise you simple things, but if you are paranoid or whatever I'm not sure I can deal with that, because even if I promise you, how do I even prove to you anything unless we experience it together and see the results in time?
We're internet strangers, I don't know, you don't know me.
It's always a risk for everyone involved, you take the risk and move on and just live true to yourself, who gives a shit?
The worst that could happen is a killer maniac showing up to where you live and killing you, or ruining your life or whatever.
If you truly are mtf, you should be very familiar with taking stupid risks for no gain.
unlikely that anyone who knows bad things about me would browse this board. you probably have me confused with someone else.
Of course someone wouldn't want to be responsible for an unpredictable woman who has an entire legal apparatus that could take my stuff and possibly my children on a whim. I had divorced parents who weren't mentally ill and even that was hell. I wouldn't wish a childhood like that on anybody, so why on earth would I want to take responsibility for someone like that? What could I possibly enjoy about that kind of life with someone I can never completely trust and who could change my entire life and my kids lives for the worse? Please tell me why. Also OP has great taste in anime
moids don't want a schizopilled laincel gf
I'm a moid and I want a schizopilled laincel gf....
You mean a 15yo zey/zem with adhd, autism and a made up disability who posts rants with upbeat music and vocaloids dancing in the background? That is SO corecore of you
Ok, but how big are your tits, tho?
youre just ugly, nothing to do with laincel schizopilled
im in the same boat as u. its so annoying because im pretty decent looking but so autistic that it cucks me and on top of that im even more socially inept because i spent most of my formative years being a retard on the internet instead of going outside and making friends and doing normal girl things and learning how to interact with people irl, the only men who like bitches as weird as me are on the internet and im completely over edating
this post was written by a tiktok tripfag. Like seriously, an egirl wojak? the bait around here gets worse with each passing day.
we are literally the same person
I use Linux mint. I'm a low iq brainlet so it helps
tripfag
And you are a newfag.
ive been here since at least 2017 I think I earned my stripes
ive been here since at least 2017
And still doesn't know what a tripfag is.
You are probably just stupid then.
The only people who post retarded wojaks like this are ones trying to blend in. I think OP qualifies as a tripfag and if not is posting some pretty garbage bait
Bait or tranny, call it
tfw every schizo lainpilled robot is holed up in their den and too paranoid to meet or trust anyone but nonetheless experiences the human desire for love
0% chance this isnt a troon
