Let's what yall anons think
its ok. kinda of overrated. i liked f3 and nv. not my favorite game series, but it was fun
blue moon is a lovely song. perhaps the most lovely in all the franchise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD6PreqIz6o [Embed]
I only enjoyed Fallout 1, genuinely.
https://youtu.be/E12lSHYgs0I [Embed]
boring id rather play gta .
gets btfo'd by a fucking tribal
no, I hate it because it is peak gen z/millennial writing.
everything is a joke or a meme or a reference to something.
etc. there is no earnestness or sincerity in any of it, it's all just a big joke, a satire of shitty media tropes.
well sorry, I am not here for pop-culture criticism, I would just like to be immersed in a new setting in a videogame. but the games can't go 2 seconds without "referencing" some lame media shit, killing any kind of immersion almost instantly.
no wonder these games are so popular with troons.
Fallout 1 had none of this.
well, it had tribals.
but yeah, fallout 2 is where it went to complete shit. I blame the "writers" who instead of writing a game, were more interested in showing off how silly they found media tropes instead.
I-I liked Fallout: Tactics best...
It was a worse Jagged Alliance 2.
And the best Fallout
It was great at one point but has suffered a near unrecoverable downfall today.
1 and 2 are of course classic and the writing is great. 3 is good and while people certainly have valid criticisms of it, it was responsible for rehabilitating the franchise and bringing it into 21st century FPS RPG genre. Without doubt, New Vegas is the absolute pinnacle of the franchise and was basically perfect in every way. The best parts of 3, improved upon actually, combined with the lore and great writing of 1 and 2. We will never get a Fallout better than New Vegas.
Then the downfall... 4 was shit. Most everyone agrees that "4 is a good FPS game with lite RPG elements... but it is not a good Fallout game." It is such a departure from what a Fallout game should be and it basically has little to no substantive RPG elements in it. And Fallout 76 is just a bad joke. A broken mess that came out without even having NPCs at first and a plot that totally does not fit with the rest of the lore and the micro transaction bullshit on and on and on. Its just a shit tier grind fest. And it's been 5 years now almost since it came out and there is NOTHING new Fallout related on the horizon. Bethesda has to get past both Starfield AND TES 6 before they will even consider a Fallout game. That will easily be the 2030s. By then the franchise will be fucking dead and the last generation to have any connection with it will be completely grown up and not even playing Fallout games anymore. Sad, sad state of things.
I think the NCR and Brotherhood sacking Navarro and massacring American military personnel and civilians alike played a part in the Enclave's downfall too.
Good riddance. Those faggots killed my nigga Boris.
