eery 4 years the standards rise women are famous for irtue signalling this means only top 2 % is perceied as aerage it's unbelieably oere
no matter how much you """looksmax""" there's clearly not much you can do apart from surgery if you hae the money looksmaxxing is becoming a trend and hypergamy gets worse oertime it's oer
get a new keyboard faggot
Nichemaxxing on estrogen to attract pansexual dykes
op here personally i can't as i am ogrecel but if you are able to go for it honestly it's one of the most underrated strategy
And let's not forget how fucking ancient that chart is. The numbers nowadays are certain to be significantly worse. That ~65% single male statistic is gonna keep on climbing until 80/20 is a fact even the normallest of niggers can't deny.
be an overweight, balding, 40-something
still get regular female attention because I'm 6'2"
I feel so bad for manlets.
heightcope plus larp
in the future only one percent of male won't be incel
20%
Too much, won't stop there.
Holy God, the cope is to strong. These incel are more deluded each day that passes
yeah its all height really. face is only useful if you're competing with other people of the same height.
fat ugly faced and tall >>>>> short or average with a handsome model tier face and amazing body.
from the perspective of women.
its always funny when morons come in and ape the board lingo to seem in and cool and clever. touch grass.
You'll never be over 6'.
It's the lowest rung of the top 2%. It's like being the guy with the cheapest boat at the yacht club.
i am taller than most guys in relationship you live in lalaland women don't give a shit about height mostly it's all face you retard
You could mog on every one of those manlets and fuck their girls if you didn't hate yourself.
cope. you are a volcel. ALL avenues of evidence that exist point to what i say, all you have is "just trust me bro"
touch grass.
Oh sure, I'm an ape, not the guy who says that, in some time, 129 million men will be single in the US. Get out of your room
genetics doesn't matter, every 4 years women are just changing their standards to be more intelligent and successful
This is a good thing you idiot. This means that genetics don't matter, you can just go gay and have a pairbond moment with other incel terrorists.
Sexual selection is dtsgenic and women dont care about intelligence or sucess you narcissisti. Normie
A woman can have only child at a time, so biologically speaking, why would she ever need to consider anybody, but her topmost option, at all? There is no real incentive for women to smear their "attraction" amongst the make population, like men do to women. Men are wired to like almost any woman because he can spread seed indiscriminately, woman doesnt have a need to be attracted to anybody but her chosen alpha, its redundant.
Nichemaxxing on estrogen to attract pansexual dykes
At last, I truly see.
* I see plenty of average and below average men with cute gfs irl. 
* Online dating is super heavily biased to favor Chads. The competition is fierce. I saw my foid friend's tinder and she had like a thousand+ likes. 
* Despite it being a nightmare for average guys (like myself) I've managed to get laid thrice with tinder (was averaging one chick a month).
If I lived in a bigger city and optimized my profile better then I'd no doubt have more success. 
Yes, the situation is BAD but it's not insurmountable. Getting laid or getting into a relationship for an average guys is just a challenge. With the right mindset the challenge can even be fun.
average guys
one chick a month
You're not average you fucking retard
