what keeps you up at night anons?
my past mistakes
the feeling of being watched
The crushing weight of my sins mostly
damn i better sneak around your home more quietly next time
Blue light
you made me check my doorlock i ahte uou i fucking despise you
The fact that I might have 40 years left and no way to cope properly
Old memories
The next day.
If I stay up late it's like I get a little more today and a little less tomorrow. I know it's killing me to do it, but I just keep doing it.
who says i use the door?
God always forgives, my fren. as long as you have asked for forgiveness and have regret which it seems you do, i believe there is hope for you still. i am wishing you the best, anon &lt;3
kill your self pls stop it legit makes me have a panic attack
The future, even when I'm a good point in life and don't really have anything to worry about I still stay up for hours thinking about how I'm completely fucked and it's over.
just make sure you top up the fridge with food
The "I should have, could have, needed to." mostly regrets, aside from that literal, discomfort from an injury I had to my chest about a year and a half ago something I could've easily prevented and then never got any help for it, doesn't stop me physically but it'd be great if I wasn't in discomfort half the day. I just wonder if not getting the help I needed/need has impaired my future health, I'm sure it has I just wonder how much. Also going from almost asleep to unhinged hormones making me want to edge
nothing. I sleep really well and I have no thoughts in my head at all at any given moment. sleep is the least of my issues.
you overly social little faggots with your "some days... I can't, just get out of bed" (made up meme phrase that you picked up because someone else told you about it and you wanted to join in on the play-pretend of being sad) are so unbelievably fucking annoying. no wonder people get convinced to be trannies, you get convinced to being depressed by fucking MEMES
the heat death of the universe and i'm already cold
The fact ill never find the partner of my life
god shows me naked girls in my mind when i try to sleep. he tells me bad things, like everyone i know is having sex except for me. then when i feel very sad and humiliated, he kisses my lips with a ghost or sucks on my lower lip. this creates a feeling of agony inside my brain. hes done this same routine to me around 500,000 times. i am being raped and tortured.
he told me it was not enough to live without money, sex or a healthy body. it was not enough to live in total isolation with anorexia. i also have to get raped by a ghost and tortured.
when i was in college, a cute girl transferred into my program. i was friends with one of the chads on facebook (i only got it because he asked me to add him so we could exchange documents back and forth and he didn't know how to use google docs/drive until i taught him), because we kept getting grouped together for labs and projects for some reason. i saw that he became friends with her on facebook, so i started looking at her profile, multiple times per day, but i was searching her name after the first time. in my last year, we got partnered for a lab, and she handed me her phone to add me on facebook so i could share my data with her, and for some reason i then gave her my phone to add me, i think i thought it was a sort of handshake type thing which makes no sense because she already gave me the opportunity so i should have just accepted it like a normal person instead of giving her mine to do the same. but in the search bar, her name was already there, it was the top result. she knew i had been looking for her on facebook already. i tried to talk to her after our lab report was done but she ignored me every time. why am i so autistic?
my debt, my unemployment, any future plans I have seem impossible to fulfill, the inevitability of death
Just invest in good melatonin/benzo/chamomile tea, you dramatic bitches. 
What keeps me up at night is being FUCKING HORNY
My shit genetics.
yea maybe god should fucking tell us where we come from and why we all have ugly bodies compared to chad? maybe he could fucking tell us instead of just raping and torturing me.
The way things could have been and how they are now
the inevitability of death
pussy, death is the only thing keeping me sane
a 3 second interaction from 8 years ago
Nothing, because I don't eat goyslop that sends stress hormones through the roof anymore which would have kept me awake in the past
WILLARD! What are you doing here in /r9k/? This is not the place for a chubby wubby like you.
I literally do this as well. I just dont want it to be the next day so soon, because thats a day closer to doing things I dont want to do.
