the fuck i am supossed to do?
Learn to behave like a normal human being faggot
ok teach me
What you do for a living? You work? You to go college?
Work in the farm alongside my father, nowdays i just do some gay courses so we can get subsidy money. plan on doing a programming course this year. never went to college
Holy shit, that's gonna be complicated, in my country I don't have that much contact with the people in farms. I will say the most obvious things ever, if you don't want to read them, just drop it. You need friends; assuming you don't have them, learn say funny things; don't try to become a jester, you goal is to be a guy who says funny things, not the guy who is funny. Is there any other man in that farm with your age? Make friendship with him, and when you be intimate enough, ask if he knows some nice place where you could go, like a bar, rave or some show like that, the points is to go to a place with woman and man of your age. Learn to like popular things, in those places, you will meet alot of normalfags and the thing they are interested, learn to support it, it may be painful, but just hang on till you get use to it. Take care of your appearance, most of the time that can be fix by growing a good beard; there's a saying in my country that a beard is a man's make-up. I would say for you to be confident, but that's just a bullshit word thrown at the wind. Be courageous, in everything you do, be it work related, in the moment of trying to make any friend or when you go to talk to some girl, don't let you fear get the best of you
i mean i already have friends, i also have a good relationship with my sister (unrelated but i love both my sister and my friends). i have no problem talking "ugly" or "old" women. problem is when my lizard brain get fixed into someone. but i will try to be less of a faggot. also i started getting fit, which i did that earlier but wathever
I don't really care, I'm too introverted to even want a partner so I'm content with just consuming kratom and beer and playing emulated PS2 games all day.
which piss2 games are you playan?
Thailand, Pattaya specifically.
not interested in brown women, not that they're ugly, is just not of my taste
Silent Hill 2 and Shadow of the Collossus.
this, but also I vaguely want a wife and kids despite knowing that I would be absolutely miserable if I had to deal with that shit every day
Have a learning mindset and experiment. Go where people your age hangout. You can drink a bit to lower your inhibitions/anxiety if you want to learn faster. If you can't drink or don't like alcohol then it'll just take longer. 
You can't be taught to not be weird. It's a skill that requires practice. Naturally you'll get accustomed to being around normal people.
You live near town?
I do go where people my age hang out and it's always a ghost town.
Ukraine, Kiev specifically.
For me, it's sitting alone in my dark apartment.
