I dont get how normies can unironically enjoy it. Most horrible experience of my life
Clubs are shit unless there's a good artist you want to see spinning that night but it honestly just sounds like you were being a bitter asshole who blew up on his friends for trying to have fun with you by getting you attention from a girl. Then you ghosted their calls after you got butt blasted, and you wonder they haven't reached out to you in two weeks? Maybe try apologizing to your friends for getting overstimulated like an autist and explain they made you feel uncomfortable. It really is not that hard anon. Good luck. You'll need it.
You're supposed to drink alcohol until you're willing to make a fool of yourself. Then you approach women and try to make em laugh.
I went to the club once. Dudes were pushing me and giving me the stink eye. Then I got sick the next day. wasn't great.
panic.jpg
this is so fucking stupid and cringy, bro.
tell my friend to shut up
this is so fucking stupid and cringy, bro.
friend keeps bugging me and other friends join in
this is so fucking stupid and cringy, bro.
eventually lose it and yell at them to leave me alone
this is so fucking stupid and cringy, bro.
shut the fuck up lol
Clubs are a blast if you aren't the type to get overstimulated. It sounds to me like you are the type to get overstimulated, and you didn't consider that before you went. If you wanna get back in touch with your friends, just let them know that the experience was too much for you. Lead with an apology if you wanna. If they aren't cool with the issue, then they were never your friends to begin with.
Clubs are shit, but you're also retarded for throwing a shitfit over some mild teasing.
It wasnt mild teasing bro. They kept looking in her direction and making hand gestures for her to come over
Learn to dance so so you can drink and dance next time.
You just lost your friends trying to impress a girl. FUCK YOU! YOU DESERVE TO BE MISERABLE YOU PIECE OF SHIT GO DIE GO DIE GO DIE GO DIE GO DIE GO DIE GO DIE GO DIE APOLOGIZE TO YOUR FRIENDS DIPSHIT YOU FUCK PIECE OF SHIT
You probably went to a shit club. Go to a rave with a good dj, take some molly and just enjoy the music. The others are NPCs and are just there for the atmosphere
Clubs are so fucking gay, if you don't do drugs the experience is shitty and even if you do it's still shitty. 
It's a literal norman hive in a contained space. soo fucking gay
These are the people browsing this board while having 20 filters for the no gf, blackpill, incel threads so you never see them anywhere except for when one of these random threads on a normie topic pops up.
For me to see responses like these anons have to OP is just so off from the boards everyday culture.
I hate this kind of diversity of people constantly scrolling through this place with their own very niche takes and areas of life just to either totally ignore thr big topics, thr common topics and just put up filters for them.
Fuck you niggers.
im an autist and even i can tell that OPs sperg-iut needs to be called out. No one should blame you for being overstimulated by normie bullshit but being a cunt about it is entirely his fault.
Stfu autist
Your opinion isnt relevant you dont understand how normal people behave. 
Op was in the right
Kill yourself faggot
Kill yourself faggot
Kill yourself faggot
You all sound unhinged and like some autistic discord cunt no wonder u have nl friends and browse this gay website
He didnt do that at all, learn to read dipshit.
Better yet just put a gun in your mouth, you sound insanely retarded and so you sjould die.
Don't expect people to willingly see demoralization threads here
So, that was a pretty stupid, the most advice i can give you is think ahead first when you want to go somewhere.
If I ever get invited to a club I would simply bring some -15db earplugs.
Went to a club and a few GUYS wanted to dance with me. No girls were interested. Ffs...
daily reminder that you tfw no gf/feels faggots ruined this board in the first place with your stupid whiny virgin bullshit. this board back in the late 2000's/early 2010s was at least fun without consistently whiny cunts like you ruining it with every thread about being a perceived social loser.
What does "dancing with a girl" mean?
formal waltz tuxedo shit?
dancing individually while looking at each other?
a girl shakes her ass near your dick?
Sometimes it's just grinding and rubbing all over each other and sometimes it's actual dancing. Depends on the girl
you unironically have autism. 
clubs are a special hell just for you.
your relationship with your friends is completely salvageable though. you should tell them you're sorry and that you didn't know what you were getting into and that it's just not for you and you don't hold it against them. in case you're worried about that, that part really isn't a big deal.
Literal sperg faggot
Imagine having whores actually want to fuck. Yet throw away, mentally unstable schizoid. If whores were to show attention, just a tiny shred I would already have them blow me in the bathroom of that fkin club. Too bad we live in clown world and only Chad fucks so that's that.
I used to be like this but eventually I (somewhat) learned social skills. He needs to learn to take life and people less seriously, that was one of my main problems.
Imma new fag here. This board is absolute cancer shit. I only come here if jenny trannies ban me for ranting too much about jew and nigger genocide and calling the jannies names for banning me and getting banned again for this. Unironically I'm too radical for pol too.
Anyway I come here to insult these shit faggots. Yeah I'm a virgin piece or shit too. But above all I'm a man, not some weak shit. I don't cry over myself like these soon to troon full if estrogen incels faggots. What was the old board anon?
eh, there's taking it easy and there's avoiding shit that will always set you off balance. no amount of social skills helps with loud sounds if you're genuinely autistic. i agree to an extent though, i also think there's something to be said for discovering what makes you happy and chasing that instead. people are naturally more attractive in their comfort zone.
Restate with less meme words pls?
No, deal with the meme words.
I mean I'm sensitive to loud sounds but I don't know how close I am to the "actual" autist experience. Yeah, 4chan really helped me process my thoughts and figure out how normals work, so there's that.
i will ask a simple honest question: what do you to talk to or meet people or even chat with your friends at clubs when you literally cannot hear a word they say
why don't you go to a club with music you like
well, never mind
That exact scenario happened to me this year too, I hated that my friends kept trying to make me talk with the girl even though they know I don't like the idea of hooking up with strangers
Should have walked up to her and tell her to stop looking at you and that she is a creep
You're not meant to talk while in the club
If he did that she'd have cried and ran to security and got him kicked out violently
I like black men kissing
well is there another method of interacting with other human beings that i missed somehow. is it sign language or rubbing your butts together or picking fleas off each other. why is getting a straight answer to anything out of normies like playing a particularly annoying game of 20 questions jesus christ
You're a major pussy lmao
he's sort of right and i'll try ti answer partially the question. the reason they have loud music and drinks is not solely to make a profit (obviously that is really important). because of how loud the place is, it forces people to become physically closer to one another. the drinks can get people to become more social/physical and enjoy themselves. of course many times people stick to their groups, but this is what is supposed to happen,
I absolutely loved clubbing, I had a great time every time I went out.
Also the reason I don't join clubs is due to STDs, unwanted pregnancies, and hearing damage. OP being afraid of women while REEEing like a retard autist is fucking hilarious. 
Fuck off all it takes is one mistake and my life is over. I don't care about a relationship I just want to coom and I use porn to do that. Women are wicked backstabbers who will cheat on you. Men are the same but I'm not a homosexual so fortunately I don't have to worry about that.
Alcohol doesn't make things easier for me, I think it just works on normies. I never lose control in a way that would make me talk to women or forget about my atrocious life.
you don't have to have sex with women in the club. they're not going to rape you
alcohol just makes me more depressed, withdrawn and socially retarded than i already am. i'm a sad drunk. actually meth made me feel very energetic and sociable but i have just enough iq points to not touch that shit again
I know that feeling. No matter how much I drink I cannot find the confidence to speak to women at all. I'll be 8 pints in and not find the confidence to look the barmaid in the eyes. I'll be so drunk where I cannot get home, but if I see a woman it sobers me up like smoking does and I have to cross the opposite side of the road to get away.
Getting drunk does make me 20,000% more sociable with men which isn't quite the plan. Ive been partying hard, knocked guys drinks over and befriending those people and partying harder with them
I think I just have a psychological problem preventing me from interacting with women.
Oh I never did. I'm a wizard now I just loved to get drunk and dance
Sounds to me like you two are just here to wallow in self pity, and you want everyone else to wallow with you. OP can recover from this; who are you to stand in their way?
