what physical treat i love most about my queens
why, their huge, natural lips of course!
*trait 
i hate typing in this box
Wide hips mog all imo. I wasn't able to put my finger on it when I Was younger since people don't really talk about hips in the way they do tits or ass, but holy fuck wide hips mog all imo. 
Even big tits are mogged by wide hips 
THIS
bratty latinas with wide hips drive me fuckin crazy
this makes me feel so good about myself (wide hip gang)
Based, you should be my wide hip gf so we can go around and mog everyone
*trait
Bask in your shame. I know I will
sounds like a deal to me 
original
Nice, I can drop my tag if you want, there are no takebacks btw, you are permanently bound to be my widehips gf forever and ever now
drop your tag and your age but ofc no takebacks (you're either underage or 35+)
Alright then SnowLight#8212, I am 25
ill add you and we can be together forever
Sounds good, see you there
White girls with wide hips drive me crazier. It's a more unique trait for them at a reasonable weight. They can PAWGmaxx but that's cheating like some flatty becoming a porker just to go up a few cup sizes. If a Latina DOESN'T have a dumptruck she's a failure to her race, big booty/birthing hip Latinas and Blacks are a dime a dozen. This shit though, god damn. I think she shoops and she has gotten fat now talking some cope shit about eating disorder weight restoration, but whatever. I could bother being mad about it if I had real life access to her but she's a fantasy either way so I'll just enjoy the material from the golden days. Latinas seem cursed to reverse once they age too. They get those fridge bodies and chicken legs, they can't even make BBW if they wanted to, the proportions are all off. Black girls are the safest bet, but if you can find a white girl who keeps away from drugs and sugar, stays out of the sun, generally takes care of herself, you'll have a treasure. Or at least when she gets fat she'll be like a big squishy teddybear instead of some bag of beans on sticks. Cellulite is an issue though. Back to Blacks being a safer bet...But then you have to factor attitude. Asians or isolated European girls should be the factory model, just add whatever upgrades you prefer if you have the money. Which you'll have to, to pull a sweet little Kalinka or Keiko.
/autism
I'm going to touch some grass now and hope this thread gets pruned for pony.
