Where did all the NEETs and lonely virgins and losers go? Why is this board so full of normalniggers now?
women flooded this board like they do every niche looking for the handful of tall handsome men that might be here. they affect some of the phrases and ideas to try to le fit in, like "goth girls" do or "gamer girls".
That's what happened. Its a bunch of turdwhores and simps now.
it's because /r9k/ isn't some big secret
normalniggers (at least in the internet context) think of /r9k/ as incel central and love to come here to vent their sociopathic hatred of low-value males directly to their faces
meanwhile, NEETs, lonely virgins, and losers get tired of it and just seclude themselves entirely
I'm here. KHV and NEET. What do you want from me?
I'm a KHHV and I've been a NEET for over a decade. There's nothing left to talk about with those subjects. They are supremely uninteresting and unimportant
This is the new normal. Depressed, lonely, women-hating spergs are the majority now. You're no longer a secret club.
women offering their dumb ideas and opinions
women seeking attention
bored men pretending to be women for attention
trannies thinking they are women and emulating their worst traits
Jannies stopped moderating the board like 5 years ago apparently 
This board needs to just go.
there used to be a general for 30+ virgins, where the fuck did it go
did everyone just move to wiz?
Zoomers ask where they can find funny greentexts. Some retard directs them to this board.
im 32 kv, and i think theres plenty of robots around
but to be honest? i dont care that r9k is burning. let it. let everything burn. i dont care. i genuinely hate all of you, and i can barely relate anyways
the way i look at is, r9k is the ship i was born on and will die on. and even though i love it, i hate the people on it, so i dont actually have a problem seeing it burn to the ground. fuck it. as long as i have free speech, let it burn
our misery is funny to normies
Okay but where will you go and what will you do afterwards? You ever considered that?
i've been wondering that, lately it seems like everyone has a job or goes outside often.
if you're a neet for 10+ years with unfettered access to the internet, there's a 99% chance you will become a huge degenrate. who do you think is making these sissy, cuckold, crossdressing, simping, scat, momcest threads? it's the old 30+ neets
Checking my filter and there are at least 10 threads up with gf in it right now.
ill just vibe here
broski, incels are growing in numbers. more and more men cant get sex. r9k is not at a loss of posters
im hard chilling, until the singularity kills us all
Wow OP, you're like 8 years late.
I'm a neet and quite frankly speaking I'm dying inside every time I see someone post about relationship and friendships. It's just not worth being here anymore. Also this shitty iris french chan and other wanna be e girls shit is exhausting
