Anthony grew up living with both of his parents and described his childhood in one of his books: "I did not want for love or attention. My parents loved me. Neither of them drank to excess. Nobody beat me. God was never mentioned so I was annoyed by neither church nor any notion of sin or damnation."
Then why did he kill himself?
depressive personality
had clinical depression
fried his ability to produce dopamine with heroin
was getting old and tired
had woman problems
he was 100% going to kill himself the entire time and even joked about it several times
"Childhood trauma" is not the only kind of suffering or trauma that someone can endure. Hyper-focusing exclusively on childhood trauma is exactly why guys like Anthony Bourdain fall through the cracks, everyone assumes he's fine because his childhood was positive and he even has a successful career, then he just up and kills himself because he has been silently suffering his entire life and nobody cared to notice even when he outright threatened to kill himself multiple times.
Which chucklefuck psychologist invented the childhood theory of trauma? not everything is about your childhood.
It isn't bad in itself, and psychologists know that it isn't the only factor when diagnosing illnesses, but "pop-psychology" bullshit that infests our media and society acts like childhood determines everything and has created a culture of psychological negligence towards anyone who had a normal childhood.
Having xy chromosomes is a cancer no I'm not a woman i just think being a man just makes us do and think crap really really easily
Then why did he kill himself?
Because he was a cuck loser. Every day I am glad "turn the whites brown" Bordain is dead.
Then why did he kill himself?
Narcissists love to lie about everything including their childhoods
not everything is about your childhood.
Lmao. What a dumbass
What could people have even done for him? He was a middle aged man, not a child. If he chose death, that's just his decision to respect.
Then why did he kill himself?
Guy Fieri took him to flavor town
I'm a Tonyfag but Guy delivered some godly bantz with the bic lighter comment
he's just gone now it's so crazy but that's all that remains of people is a void and people just make life hell for eachother for power
because he was evil
Lol burn in hell faggot animal abuser
there are many reasons to hate the guy but that based quote isn't one of them
How about you read his book to find out?
He was an evil soulless hedonist leftist.
Life isn't worth living without all these *things*
Has all these *things*
Kills himself
Lmfao
because he was old. when u get old you want to die. it's natural
I'm not a vegan or even a vegetarian.
But I never liked the way he tried to argue that shit like force-feeding geese for foie gras was fine because the geese like it or other takes meant to insist hurting animals isn't a bad thing.
I at least accept what I do in eating meat and propping up the slaughter industry is not morally sound and don't be a dick about it by trying to rationalize it as good.
He was an evil soulless hedonist leftist.
Checked. Years of drugs and boozing probably burned out the last of his serotonin and all he had to look forward to was a slow fall into old age while only having a conniving vapid woman as his companion.
Or, if you're a conspiracy type, he was "suicided" for wanting to do some documentary on child trafficking. 50/50
knowing anything even something like that is actually already known, it's all easy, the question is why doesn't anyone know and it's a mystery for some reason but really it's all known I believe.
His Italian girlfriend poisoned his mind.
Then why did he kill himself?
Because knowing you hang out with jewish pedophiles that rape and murder children for a Canaanite god of child sacrifice is heavy shit.
This, he even gleefully shared fantasies of his race going extinct from interbreeding with nonwhites.
wtf? people genuinely believe he killed himself? lol
i just realized i confused bourdain with epstein
what makes you think he can be honest about his childhood?
like first session with my psychologist i told her that my childhood "was pretty normal and i had nice parents." session 10 i was talking about how i would hide under my bed whenever my dad beat the shit out of my mom.
i just assumed everyones dad beat their mom
Anthony Bourdain didn't kill himself. Epstein is living in Tel Aviv under a new identity.
I always wanted to do what he did professionally. The travelling and the little documentary shows and stuff like that. Anyone know how I can start on this path?
thinking about r9k anthony bourdain travelling the world and complaining there are shitskins everywhere and his thai girlfriend was a hooker with a dick and all the food is gross and he refuses to eat anything but nuggies and tendies
Start on YouTube. As long as you don't live in the middle of nowhere you can even get views eating at restaurants in your local area.
I was watching this fat white guy's travel vlogs in LatAm and he was creepshotting random girls kek
Toxins, nutritional deficiencies, and modern living made him mentally ill
damn, people really just make shit up on here huh
He literally said eliminating white people is the only solution to the world's problems.
https://youtu.be/QiQv-19e0zQ [Embed]
maybe it was his clinical depression and previous abuse of heroin, but no lets go with the conspiracy theories cause those are obviously smart, thought out explanations
You're peanutbrained, simple as
I think you misunderstood what he is saying, with the intermingling of cultures and races obviously there will be intercultural and interracial couples that procreate, making cappuccino colored people over time, but this will occur over generations, he's not advocating for the genocide of white people its just an obvious conclusion from the mixing of races. If you have an issue with people looking browner you might just be racist.
By "modern living" you mean being part of a baby-raping jewish genocide cult. Yes, it's a rough life.
Mmmmm peanuts
Your pilpul is as tiresome as your tribe.
Im not jewish lmao
you're obfuscating what he actually said by mixing up 'is' and 'ought'
acknowledging that something is happening (or that it could happen) is not the same as saying that it's a good thing and praising it.
Bourdain very clearly did the latter
I see what you mean, but I think he's more praising a world where lines between culture and race are more blurred, and the darkening of our skin is just a by product of that, and he's acknowledging that. I dont think this clip is him demonizing or hating white people.
Nigga he's very explicitly saying something is happening and that it is a good thing that it is happening. I'm not even white but you don't need to be to see the angle that he's taking. If you are white, you are completely within your rights to feel bothered by something like that and it doesn't make you racist
You may not be a jew but the pilpul is insane
I think there is an issue with being bothered by it though, like, you care about the color that someone looks like more than their happiness and well being or that of others?
imo there are two angles to it. 
on the one end, there's a certain genetic argument. if you're white, then your kids will be (at least partially) white and their kids will be, and so on. so a system where whites are privileged, with racemixing being outlawed, will benefit your progeny for literal centuries. if you buy into the arguments about white privilege, this is already the case.
the other side is just game theory. in reality, whites are the only race-blind race. every single study on the matter has shown that a majority of asians, blacks, and hispanics view race as at least somewhat important. this naturally gives them a leg up, as they can employ cooperative strategies for things like jobs, education, loans, etc., which whites would be excluded from. and the more blacks there are in power the more ability they have to exclude you.
Humans are ethnocentric and tribal. It is imbedded within the human condition and if white people aren't going to practice tribalism, the other groups sure as hell will unapologetically. Race is more than just skin colour as well. People naturally care when the "tribes" they identify with shrink and/or vanish. In traditionally white countries, it is natural that white humans are bothered by an observable shrinking of their populations in favour of mass immigration and race mixing with third world brown hordes.
It's not about being "team white" or "team brown". It's about a non negligible amount of brown people flooding into white countries like England. I'm not even English but bruh.. if I want to travel to the UK, I want to go there and interact with ethnically English people. English people are white. When I go to London. there are browns and blacks everywhere who would look at you right in the eyes and tell you they're more European than you are. It's insane to me. Fuck the happiness and well being of others. Everyone in this life is for themselves and their families and that's exactly how it will continue to be.
Yeah that makes sense, even if my ideals and moral beliefs could bring about a better life for others, if no one else buys into it or believes in it then there is no hope for it to occur. I dont 100% buy into either of yalls opinions but I can understand yalls reasoning.
Have you ever played Mass Effect? I always thought an idealized, post-racial world would look something like that where Earth is a unified force of brown, white, black, and asian humans traversing space together
yeah, star trek has a similar idea
"Post racial" happens when the jewish reapers convince the entire planet to destroy the White race, then rule over the ashes. It's literally a key part of their religion. This is the jew dream for the world; a mass of low-IQ mixed breeds with no history, no culture, only consumption and jew worship. They simply want Europeans gone at any cost, even if it means their own destruction at the hands of the nigger hordes. 
They believe in this so strongly they wrote it down. 
Jews engineer the destructions of nations because they believe, as part of their Talmudic prophecy, that when the jews control the world (and all they cannot control is ash) that this will trigger their version of Revelations, and the world will be re-created as their paradise to rule over.
A suicidal child-raping death cult being given control of nearly all you see and hear... it's a great idea. And we can see what is coming.
dude, jews dont give a shit about race, no one in the upper class actually cares about that shit. The only thing they care about profit margins and making money, they are not driven ideologically. There is a group of people who control the world but they are not part of a similar racial class or religion, they are the oligarchs and .01%
welp... that's one of the stupidest things i've read on here all week. congrats
