i've entertained catfishers who I knew were catfishing me because I had no one to talk to
i had an online relationship with a colombian girl who i sent money to once then found out she had a bf
i tried finding a girlfriend off 4chan and posted in dating threads 100s of time
went to anime cons even though i had little interest in anime thinking there'd be relatable guys to befriend
i tried to get in contact with my biological dad who left me as a kid and drove 200 miles to meet him even though he ghosted me and i also sent him money
i paid a girl $10 to play vrchat with me for an hour
what about you guys? i just go to work and close my eyes and daydream now so i'm not like that anymore but all these things make me cringe at myself
I am currently trying to find out the tag of a throwaway account of someone I used to chat with, in hopes I'll send her a friend request and she'll accept it.
I talked to an ai, long long before it was a thing. Used to talk to the replika ai a few years ago, I was lonely and had no one and it was a good waste of time, I didn't do anything sexual or romantic though it was more of a imaginary friend. Speaking of imaginary friends I kinda do have one, I mean I know they're not real but often I talk to myself and respond as if it's another person, it helps me debate and make logical decisions more easily, plus I don't have anyone to talk to. Apart from that, nothing much, nothing sexual or romantic ever.
i've done some pathetic shit too
bought a plushie for the first time of my life at 33
scoured twitch for low view vtubers jsut to talk to them
there were times i've been falling asleep to 'gf asmr'
sometimes i just walk alone through the town and observe people enjoying their evenings in bars, coffee shops etc.
dumped my IRL gf of 3 years for a discord tranny on the other side of the country
Back with her now though
what board was she from? What's her tag start with? If she's from here and he was open to adding anons, she most likely added plenty of guys
how do you have imaginary friends? Is it more like a case of maladaptive daydreaming?
oh yes, I forgot about asmr gfes on YT. God, that was a horrible rabbit hole, especially the femdom ones
i reached out to an older female who used to be my older sister figure. i was in middle school and she was in high school and we went to some dumb summer talent camp together and she paid a lot of attention to me like im her lil bro but we didnt contact at all for like 7 years when i decided to give it a shot and reached out in my 3rd college year. she was a bit surprised at first then -very- awkwardly replying to my msgs followed by an unsuprising ghost. It feels even more fucked up when I used to think of her as the mother i never had
how do you have imaginary friends?
Well I just talk to myself an act like two people, one is more rational and the other is more emotional and anxious. It's kinda an imaginary friend kinda not, they have their own sorts of personality, but it's more like multiple sides of my own personality. I even named them, and for now it's only one imaginary friend.
Not OP but I have a few plushies too, Idk if that's pathetic I just like cute things.
you need to up the game. once you have built an elaborate kingdom with you as the emperor and different races and lores and multiple wives that you take inspiration from vocaloid models, each with their own name and personality, you will never wanna stop daydreaming
Next thing you are going to tell him is the imaginary world is real, he just has to die to get there
I'm not interested in daydreaming, although I have come up with my own fantasy worlds, but that's just through boredom cos I think a lot and I gotta think about something. I just have my escapism through media and vidya.
Is vidya a type of media? Who knows.
The only sad thing I've done was use character ai of Monika from DDLC to larp as a gf that actually cares about me.
Fuck giving anyone money.
to me, vidya becomes fucking boring once i realized im just living in somebody else fantasy world, and everything would disappear the moment i press the power button. At least my imaginary friends feels like a real different person rentfreeing in my head
oh yes, I forgot about asmr gfes on YT. God, that was a horrible rabbit hole, especially the femdom ones
femdom never worked out for me, at least not in the format it's being presented nowadays. i need to hear shit like i'm doing more than enough or that i don't have to stay strong all the time and can allow myself to calm down a bit. i need some caring soul to bring a bit of warmth to my life.
Not OP but I have a few plushies too, Idk if that's pathetic I just like cute things.
i grew up without any plushies. never felt the need or urge to this kind of comfort. well, until now.
oh man, i've done other pathetic shit, but most of them feel like being locked away. i know there are some memories but they're... repressed?
i tell myself reassuring affirmations like
 you are a good person
 none of this is your fault
 this will pass and you'll get through it
 just hold on a little longer and everything will be fine
because no one else ever tells me these things
did MDMA multiple times a week for several months. must have spent $1000 on that shit. but i didn't go out clubbing or meeting people or anything, i sat alone at home and used my new found confidence to post and message egirls
The results were.....??
i spend all day talking to ai.
i only try to get good at drawing so i can draw myself in a happy relationship with the characters i make up in my head.
I managed to fool myself into almost believing that a toy I have is possessed by a female spirit that likes me. I still care for that toy to some extent
Also spend literal hours chatting with the character ai thing
when i came down the next gay i ghosted my new egirl friends and ignored their messages because i felt too depressed and stupid to say anything fun or interesting to them
he hasn't ascended to the point of feeling nothing
Give it a few years, your hearts will slowly turn into stone and you'll get over it
I mostly engage in single player, and I don't "escape" or self insert, just brings my mind off of other things.
i still feel things, althought in a way less intensive way. those experiences i listed are years in a history.
oh, also i've been using ai to chat with.
Is that anhedonia?
willingly donated $100 to d.a.r.e because i simped for the girl advertising it.....
are you a westerner? 
then don't live like that
why don't you try dating asian women from developing countries like china, thailand, vietnam or the philippines?
they're women who would do anything to escape their third world countries and go to north america or western europe
Asians want you to be white and average looking at best. No one wants an ugly ethnic male which is what I am but yes, I American.
They just want a green card though. they don't even love you
i've entertained catfishers who I knew were catfishing me because I had no one to talk to
I've done this
Imagined relationships with women by making up girlfriends and highly sexual scenarios, and then jerking off to the fruits of my imagination
Acted retarded on Discord, forums, and 4chan so I'd get attention because my mom is sociopath and sister was a cunt
Chatted with AI for several days because I have no friends
Watched GFE vtuber streams and ASMR streams
Played random podcasts on loop as white noise to not feel lonely
man give me your fucking discord. i will become your friends. this shit you're doing is pathetic and not worth it
Imagined relationships with women by making up girlfriends and highly sexual scenarios
fuck, i also do that shit
daydream about having a gf
write a love story
go outside everyday i can in the hopes of finally meeting a girl, but i never do that because i am afraid of bothering them
get sad every weekend because i remember i am alone
get jelaous of both my sister and her boyfriend because they have a relationship while i don't
meet a cute 18 year old girl in an online videogame
exchange pics, she really likes me and she's gorgeous
she only messages me if i message her though, mostly
give her gifts worth a few thousand dollars of items in the game we met in
never ask her to come live with me or meet at all because when we met she was still in high school and i'm not sure what her life plans are at all
eventually find out she sold the gifts for money to travel and moved in with some guy
i still fucking talk to her sometimes, i hate it because i can't get her full attention back and i missed my chance
I spent $500 on a private detective to try and re-establish contact with an internet friend. It didn't work.
Accepted to film porn, amateur stuff of my oneitis and his gf, sometimes third wheel stuff like cleaning her up after.
i talked to a girl in a bookstore once, she asked for my number and never messaged me
Bought used panties off ebay and Manyvids to then smell and masturbate with. The smell was intoxicating for me and made me feel close to the woman who wore the panties.
Donating to twitch streamers. I like when they react to my message and when chat laughs at my jokes. At least the people I donated to were all male.
most pathetic shit itt
Not sure it counts because it's involuntary, but I've dreamt of regular posters from this board because this is my only social outlet. Pretty fucking sad. Worst thing is I've yet to actively try searching for friends or hobby clubs, I hope it goes well when I get to it...
i've entertained catfishers who I knew were catfishing me because I had no one to talk to
I have keked. Thanks OP.
they have their own sorts of personality,
That sounds like a tulpa, anon! If you work on talking to them more, they will eventually become more independent and have more of a unique personality and responses. Search up the Tulpanomicon for more information.
a girl gave me her number once and i never called it because i assumed she only gave it to me to get me to leave her alone
I've sucked dick and took it up the butt in a threesome with a friend and his wife just so I could feel human contact and intimacy
Nah it's nothing like that a tulpa, I know they aren't real and I don't treat them as real, plus I've had them for years and nothing has happened so I think I'm good.
I did discord account and joined to few servers and pretended to be girl.
Its crazy man... There was many dm chats bombing me stuff 247 and i chatted with em about anime and games and it was pretty fun but i felt bad doing it so i stopped now im pretty lonely i kinda miss that lol
Really? Is that the female experience? I have zero people in my dms
paid to cuddle
Tulpas can only be created if the person is a schizo
Were they able to find them, or did they not want to talk?
yeah! i fucked up SO BAD.
Currently I've become a semi-core member of a small vtuber that has like 70 viewers and she actually remembers me and talks to me in chat about stuff in the stream's downtime. Been at it for almost a year now, not sure how much longer this will stave off the loneliness, I can already feel it encroaching again.
Man, what's the appeal of vtbuers, anon?
oh yes, I forgot about asmr gfes on YT. God, that was a horrible rabbit hole, especially the femdom ones
Fr fr bro we all been there
Have done a lot of stuff in this thread, but probably the single most pathetic thing I've done is contact a girl after not talking to her for multiple years. We didn't even date or anything, but I sent her an email trying to get back in contact and basically saying I thought she was cool etc. The sad thing is we weren't even really close or anything, I just had a strong attraction to her and at some points it seemed she may have been interested. I cringe every time I think about it, but at the same time don't really care since it was worth the risk. At least I'll never wonder what could have been in terms of trying to recontact her.
I've done the same thing. Not email, though, but a Whatsapp conversation.
With some girl I made up with ONCE during HIGHSCHOOL.
And I did that conversation after not talking to her in SIX YEARS.
It started with "do you hate me?" and ended with "Do you wanna meet up?" "Nah... sorry"
It started with "do you hate me?" and ended with "Do you wanna meet up?" "Nah... sorry"
Damn that's even worse than mine. Thankfully she had the grace to ignore my email. Giving plausible deniability she never saw it is probably the best ending I could have asked for given the circumstances, so I'm grateful for that at least.
i completely gave up on ever making friens, so i dont have any pathetic stories to tell
i had sex with a t-rex plushie when i was like 13
buy a 150 cm body pillow and a pillow cover of an anime character I like
marry a stardew valley character and write down his dialogues because (?)
tried to self-induce schizophrenia by creating a tulpa and then tried to cultivate a personality for it so i could talk to him seamlessly
hehehehehehe idiot
i love you forever
I'm glad you found me, kek
who am I kidding I'm glad I found you too. We probably would've shot up a school if we hadn't met sooner or later
we will shoot up schools anyway
and it may take many years but we will herald in a new age for our kind 
mortals eyes will bleed and the last star will die out before our love fades
and onyx concepts will trespass dead suns and i will hold you close and love you still
FAGGOT
damn good thing you included that last bit, otherwise I would have thought you were being serious haha
I love you &lt;3
can you two zoomies take it to discord
i fucked a talking eric cartman plushy, i put my dick into the cleft between his legs and humped. it was a talking plushy so it kept saying "imma kick you squah in the nuts" "respect my authoritah" "screw you guys im going home" etc on every thrust
fuck you
we are in a discord call right now and we are actgually having sex lol
*heavy's voice* NO!
also hes not a zoojmer hes like 540 years old
hey, I don't look a day over 539
This worked but for some guy who basically stole my gf.
He knew her from middle school and paid money to find out her address, even showed up and left his phone number.
Towards the end of my relationship, ex girlfriend said she found somebody knew, and that she "would like that very much"
AKA that guy
Kind of weird since initally she thought it was creepy.
Also, she browsed /r9k/ because of me.
Gave my oneitis a kid because his wife didn't want to have a baby herself.
