What is an anime I simply MUST watch, anons? I'm bored.
Paranoid Agent
Tatami Galaxy
Both of these are actually good, I'm surprised at you, /r9gay/.
Woops, it's called
Paranoia Agent
My bad.
Welcome to the NHK
Shinsekai Yori
Kaiji
Space Dandy
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Parasite
Psycho-Pass
Code Geass
Clannad
Kanon (more recent one)
Steins Gate
Fullmetal Alchemist (basic suggestion but if you havent seen this youre just coping)
Might have already seen these since theyre popular but imo theyre peak 25+ episode anime. Excellent writing, excellent characters
I also agree with the other op saying Parasyte. Not many people talk about that anymore but its excellent.
Steins Gate
double for this one, a classic
Definitely watch Kaiji op. Not many mango that capture the worthlessness of being a man better.
Berserk
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Death Note
Code Geass
Hunter x Hunter
Legend of the Galactic Heroes
Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Hellsing Ultimate
Hajime No Ippo, teaches you to like (if you didn't already):
Good Sports story
Good Pacing, Fight Development
Bro Humor
Seriously good, and very, very funny. The manga is great as well, but pacing has been slow burning for the last hundred chapters (this manga is like 1300 chapters long, so if you really like it and you will, you will get to binge all of that).
Cowboy Bebop, Outlaw Star, FLCL, and Madoka Magica, just in case you've somehow missed those. Lucky Star might be a worthy mention in the "so obvious they're easy to overlook" category, too.
Ghost Stories (English dub)
Serial Experiments Lain
Speed Grapher
Cromartie High School
Hellsing
Hellsing Ultimate
Azumanga Daioh
Devil May Cry
Gurren Lagann
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is wildly overrated, but worth mentioning purely for its popularity and how much people insist on shoehorning it into other shit; you can subject yourself to JJBA if you wanna get the stupid jokes people make.
Great Teacher Onizuka is my favorite
anime
Could care less about cartoons. Grow the fuck up
