Your whole problem is in your mind. It's not because of your jaw, your balding head, your height, and any other blackpill cause. It's because you don't EMBRACE your flaws. If you started smiling, having fun, and opened yourself, girls would be much more receptive.
No one thinks that manlets or even slightly short skinny men have a masculine presence. If a manlet or otherwise dysgenic man is the life of the party then he probably spent decades perfecting his socialization, knowing exactly what to say or do. He still has to perform the monkey dance to pull women, and for many men the juice is not worth the squeeze when chads height and face squeezes for him. If tall and handsome man and a short and average man have around the same amount of charisma, the chad wins 99/100. Maybe you will find exceptions, but thats just it. Exceptions.
could you please put this in terms that a normal person can understand
What reading level are you at, 4th grade I assume?
Anyone with 100iq or higher should be able to understand my post, you are either dumb or being purposely disingenuous. Go away.
I'm at a 0th grade reading level in incelese, i have never taken any of the classes and didn't even graduate incel kindergarten. help me out here
You are not even a normie, you are a troll masquerading as a normie, although i see now that that should have been obvious considering the OP, fuck off
If you started smiling, having fun, and opened yourself, girls would be much more receptive.
blah blah blah, always the same shit, do this, do that, just talk to her, just be yourself. Oh it didn't work? then try x and y and shit. And try harder and harder. Oh it still didn't work? Well, you must a bad person and you deserve to be alone.
Just world fallacy
sonny, this is grandma. i'm sorry but i just can't understand your posts. i'm 86 years old, can't you rephrase in more standard language for your old grandma? there's so many points of reference i just can't fathom
women care about how self deluded you are, where you could be a fat, ugly, retarded gremlin of a person but act like you're the hottest thing since slice bread
Got it, just lie and ignore reality
NTA, but I speak Jive
I am very insecure about being short and I cannot overcome this
Ive overcome being short by having a 95th percentile penis and because im not doomed levels of manlet. If anythign im lucky to be as tall as I am because my mother has never grown above 4 foot 11 inches and my dad is average height. And its funny how whenever someone criticizes the game they are outed as insecure, as if that has any bearing on the argument.
I know a guy with an AT BEST 4/10 face that *swam* in pussy because he was the most self-confident, outgoing motherfucker in 30 miles.
When he settled down it was with literally the most gorgeous woman I ever met in person and she was still a Virgin.
His snaggle teeth, premature balding, and fucked up face meant nothing compared to his swagger
oh thank you, that's so unfortunate. i hate to be a bother, but could you possibly translate this for the lad: "you'll never be happy if you compare yourself to other people or worry about things you can't change, and people who judge others by their appearance aren't worth your time"
Same. I know a 5'1 indian janitor who annihilates pussy because of his charisma and confidence. He also showers twice a day. Tip for incels
I wave my Dick around in public
Lol
LMAO, even
I come back to this board every now and then and it blows my mind how distorted people's views about reality are. To be clear, you aren't entirely wrong in a vacuum, but that isn't a reflection of real life at all. Statistics or the aggregate of how people act mean absolutely nothing in real life in the same way that statistics mean nothing when an athlete steps up to bat or shoot a free throw. I have traveled all over the world and all over the US and you'd be shocked to see what kind of girls guys are able to pull, guys who you wouldn't think much of because you've warped your world view into thinking every woman wants gigachad.
Is it possible to heal years of bitterness and despair in order to be able to do this "smiling and having fun" thing? Sounds impossible for me.
Sorry, but the king isnt wearing any clothes. Not sure why we give in to delusion, maybe its some social aspect of our brains that im missing but i prefer for things to be as close to reality as possible. Its women doing it though so maybe it doesnt matter what i think, time to be a hermit i guess
Its better than being short AND having a small penis. Thats genuinely suicide fuel, i wouldnt be able to take it. Even if i never actually use it i at least have one symbol if masculinity.
Sure
shallow bitches can fuck off, if you own it you will slay
outgoing
so the monkey dance
I never leave the house
FTFY
symbol of masculinity 
What a fucking loser.
Masculinity is an attitude.
No one knows or cares about your Dick length, incel
i leave the house and am displeased with what i see, but am powerless to change it through moral means, nor should i even probably change it since im self aware enough to realize im the odd duck out
FTFY
Let's assume it's all about personality.
Personality is 50% genetic. The other 50% is controlled largely by things outside your control.
So what is this argument supposed to refute?
exceptions
I dont think every woman wants a gigachad. Im not that far gone. But I do go out and look around and my experiences match up with what the statistics says.
You wouldn't say that if you had a small dick.
Normal human being
outgoing means genuinely enjoying the company of others while being personally interesting 
KHHV NEET hikki incels
so some elaborate rehearsed kabuki expertise to hide my own personality?
No, you socially stunted freak, his actual personality
Every one of those guys probably had something that made up for their negative features, like a big dick for example. Robots have no redeeming qualities.
Damn did i hit a nerve? Attitudes are molded through experiences and confidence is either faked or given. Im glad i have a big dick and i use that for my confidence in everyday life, i dont see anything wrong with that.
If you go by 80/20, 80% of women are chad only.
The other 20% are willing to date less attractive men. Whenever you hear about an "ugly" man (doubt) getting a girlfriend she's one of the 20%.
That leaves 60% of men who can never find a woman genuinely interested in them.
Me when I leave my house
my many friendly neighbors I know well
employees of local businesses I routinely visit, most of whom I know
my friends and family 
fellow church goers
I see lord of ambitious young people, happy couples, happy families, etc.
Why would I change them
I think it would take 1 or 2 years of intense socialization. Good luck getting that starting from 0 if you're 25+
Far fewer women are into gigachad than you might think. If you actually talk to women about what they want in a man very rarely do they talk about physical attributes, with height being an obvious exception but hey, what can you do. Something that a lot of women won't usually own up to outright is that while a lot of them would probably consider hooking up with a "Chad" type, many of them don't view them as boyfriend material and don't like to feel like they're competing with being "the looks" in a relationship. Women will happily take a 7 or a 7.5 who they know "knows their place" in the relationship. Women are usually getting off to how hot they know they are during sex anyways (hence why they like when guys are verbal with them). Also unless you have a literal micropenis cock size isn't that important either.
the fact I spend all my time reading blackpill shit, watching porn, and participating in womanhate threads has nothing to do with why I am depressed and angry
Moron
My funny bone.
Why I am laughing at you.
Well i dont enjoy the company of others, i hate small talk and I only genuinely get along with a small group of friends i have. Sorry for being a socially stunted freak but thats just how i am.
Another Pareto Pinhead.
No need to apologize, freak
reading blackpill shit, watching porn, and participating in womanhate threads is a consequence, not a cause.
hahaha im laughing at you! 
Why do i care? Is this middle school? 
Give me an argument nigga
Yes, it is unrelated. The fact that I am ugly and genetically undesirable is what leads me to the road of negative feelings, and what makes me walk down said road is my genes which predispose me to having such feelings.
The actual number is not important, just the fact that most women are chad-only, and some are not.
middle school is where debate club happens. real life is where people laugh at you for being a loser
Something that a lot of women won't usually own up to outright is that while a lot of them would probably consider hooking up with a "Chad" type, many of them don't view them as boyfriend material and don't like to feel like they're competing with being "the looks" in a relationship. 
They will forever be alpha widowed.
Women will happily take a 7 or a 7.5 who they know "knows their place" in the relationship. 
Until a chad comes around and dangles the idea of a relationship in their face
Women are usually getting off to how hot they know they are during sex anyways (hence why they like when guys are verbal with them). Also unless you have a literal micropenis cock size isn't that important either
Load of cope and untrue.
If you started smiling, having fun, and opened yourself, girls would be much more receptive.
If girls were more receptive lonely guys would open themselves start smiling and having fun. But they prefer to fuck chad instead so what can you do?
Whatever you say dude, I don't know. I don't think you're living in the same reality I am. Often times if you talk to women they'll tell you what they actually want/like, the real cope is ignoring what they're saying and creating this idea in your head that they all prefer 6'5 gigachad with a foot long cock and always will. Maybe that's a fixation of yours to create this strawman chad figure who creates a reason to just give up before you even try. Every single girl I've ever talked to has either told me size doesn't matter, that they don't like cocks that are too big, shape>size, or strangely enough that their next lays were with guys who were just average but knew what they were doing and the girl liked how she felt with him. All in all I think you'd be surprised how much happier you'd be if you just ignored all these preconceived ideas you have about dating/women/"Chad/Stacy" and just talked to them as individual people.
it's all in your mind dumb incel
btw this is my bf Chad, he's 6'4, white, rich and I gave him my virginity on the second date :)
You see, anyone can say shit on the internet, but your actions are what truly define you. Women only seek out a certain kind of men, Ive seen it myself, everyone knows it, I don't know why they keep pretending they aren't like that.
Bet 100 bucks you are not that ugly. Just grow a fucking beard and stop being such a cry baby
Are you just here to confirm your worldview? Statistics and research trump any experience you as a single individual have, if you give me evidence to the contrary then ill gladly change my view.
Let me reiterate
Moron
The fact that scores of non-survey studies show women prefer personality offer male appearance?
The fact that blackpillers cherry-pick fringe surveys to support them giving up?
That stuff?
just be social bro
antisocial 6'4" chad will pull more than what I could ever do 
i'm 5'3" for reference
If I posted my face, you would not honor your bet, make fun of me, then spread my picture around the internet.
Yeah, I hallucinated the girls that rejected me over my height and race. 
Once I got on my schizo meds I realized that all of those studies, anecdotes, and personal experiences were purely figments of my imagination.
those hypersperg koreans are better at playing vidya than you will ever be but you still do it
Give me those studies then buddy. there are scores of studies that show that physical appearance is the basis of attraction as well.
For every lie there is a grain of truth. Maybe the chad/stacy dichotomy isn't fully real but there is a tendancy to gravitate towards this.
He also showers twice a day
My 4'8 hapa garbage collector friend who has foursomes with hot white virgins every week gets his haircuts in the shower.
Not that anon but video games are essentially a guaranteed ROI. You can work out, get some hobbies, become sociable, but if you're 5'3, no girl will ever look at you unless they want a betabux.
They have been shared here for YEARS.
Always ignored.
5 second archive search
posts studies
replies end
You just have to bee yourself dude bro.
Most of those studies pertain to marriage. Guess what modern young women are doing. Thats right, NOT getting married. Im not saying that personality has no basis in attraction but dont act like modern dating isnt fucked.
Stop playing normie faggot games. Be yourself unironically, stop giving a shit. You won't get laid either way. The sooner you understand this the better.
this exact thread was posted literally 8 hours ago
kill yourself
i mean this just confirms alpha fucks beta bucks doesnt it
women are just classist whores lmao
You
duuuurrrrrrrr young women not marry
Reality
32% of 26 year old Zimmerman women are married
26 years old
zoomer
young
plus only 32%, half of them will be divorced before the 5th year. 63% of young men 18-29 are single, and only half that percentage of women are single. Do tell me what that means? Again, what are you trying to accomplish here?
This. I know a 3'6'' Moroccan shit sifter with a microdick and one leg who absolutely crushes gash because he just bees himself.
It is what it is, origibally.
26 years old is ancient lmao
Of course there's some truth to it, the same way there is truth to statistics in the aggregate but again, all of those things can go completely out the window in real life. Walk up and talk to girls, it's really not that hard once you get past yourself. I flirted with three girls in person in the last week and got two dates out of it. You don't have to be the most attractive guy she's ever seen, but being self-assured and confident enough to approach a girl in the real world is a big turn on for most girls these days, especially if you can have a short conversation. You aren't competing with Chad every time you interact with a woman. You aren't even competing with the "idea" of Chad. I really think it helps to get out of your own head a little bit and just live in the real world. Sure there are times where Chad mogs some normal or 7.5 looking dude but what are you going to do? I'm not going to sit here and say I'm not biased about women's appearances either, I only hit on/flirt with girls I find attractive too so it'd be a bit hypocritical of me to criticize women for liking chad even if I did see things that way because realistically we all prefer "Stacy" anyways. Guys are often really critical of women for being shallow when I find that we (myself included) are usually more to blame for this. The bar for being a good looking dude is set very fucking low, much lower than you guys think. You get a warped view of reality scrolling through IG but if you're in shape and have a good haircut you're already 7.5. Women don't view looks the same way we do.
what return on your investment are you getting. you're not making any money or friends you're sitting among your piss bottles tapping buttons
Thank fuck someone points this out. People don't understand that personality and mood is not some easily malleable thing, just because it's not as tangible as something like your skin or height or face, without scanning your brain. You get to choose how your brain functions as much as you get to choose the rest of your body, i.e. not at all.
Got raped or saw your friend get killed and have PTSD? Just forget about it dummy, haha.
just world fallacy
Glad someone mentioned this as well. People will come up with any reasons they can to blame the sufferer and protect their worldview, because the reality that nobody gets to choose, and nobody has any control, and awful things can simply happen to anyone, and no actually deserves any of it, is so terrifying that most people can't accept it.
Or they just have no empathy and want to shut down your complaining with bullshit "advice", or they want to make themselves feel superior because they "chose" to do the right things, when really they were just born with well-adjusted genetics. Any of the above.
Of course there's some truth to it, the same way there is truth to statistics in the aggregate but again, all of those things can go completely out the window in real life.
Statistics is indicative of real life. Are you kidding me? Rest or your post is cope with this fact.
Also
You aren't competing with Chad every time you interact with a woman. You aren't even competing with the "idea" of Chad.
This is exactly how it works. It's called economics. You're in the sexual market and are competing with the highest quality mates, except that there can be redundancy in demand, which basically means chad can afford to juggle multiple women at a time.
In real life, this is immediately proven wrong. Stop taking what women say seriously. How many times have you seen women say they want this ultra rich chad dude but then her boyfriend is none of that
You can definitely make friends online. You're also guaranteed to be entertained and have fun.
I flirted with three girls in person in the last week and got two dates out of it
And you desperately want to believe you've "earned" this, rather than correctly attributing it to a confluence of genetic/social fortune completely out of your hands, so the rest of your post is - predictably - a pile of just world fallacy garbage to reinforce the validity of your anecdote.
All I see is you coping, try to make friends dude
You're still missing the point. You can be Chad and still fumble the ball talking to a woman the same way you can not be Chad and still be really successful. 
My entire point is that you aren't competing with everyone everywhere all of the time. 
genetic/social fortune completely out of your hands
To my point earlier, every guy can be at least a "7" the way we think of looks. To be fair I'm 6'0 tall and have blonde hair and blue eyes, to what degree that makes a difference who knows. But it wouldn't make any difference if all I did was complain about chad and play league of legends all day. Maybe if it's as bad as you make it sound you guys should accept some of the blame for not even trying to get out there and compete or even just put yourself out there. I failed miserably with girls for over a decade, it's part of the process with getting better at anything. I love how even when someone with actual experience and a different perspective comes here to try to give you a different outlook you just attack like white bloodcells.
To be fair I'm 6'0 tall and have blonde hair and blue eyes, to what degree that makes a difference who knows.
6 foot/85th% percentile in height
blond hair blue eyes
fuck off
"bro all u gotta do is just get a haircut, take a shower, moisturize your skin, bee yourself, bee confident, and shoot your shot bro, and any dude can be a 7 and get chicks like me!"
"btw I'm 6'0 tall and have blonde hair and blue eyes"
beyond parody
To be fair I'm 6'0 tall and have blonde hair and blue eyes, to what degree that makes a difference who knows.
I really hope you're baiting at this point.
i'm 5'8 and a shitskin. if i put every second of my life into looksmaxxing i would be a 5 at best
To be fair I'm 6'0 tall and have blonde hair and blue eyes, to what degree that makes a difference who knows. 
Honestly admire your patience to wait this many posts, solid 8/10 troll.
In real life the most popular guy in the party is never some random seven ft tall millionaire with perfect hair and bleached teeth lol
In my mid 20s, half of my friend group got laid by the same really tall rich guy with model looks. He was a literal rapist - and I don't mean this in the SJW way - and he still had them coming back for more. At one point he even got one of the women he raped to come back for a second round.
So uh, lol. Lmao, even.
I agree, you have to respect the hustle of this anon. that right there was the type of trolling i welcome, lol.
This is absolute nonsense. As usual, it dramatically underestimates the diversity in the "low status male" population.
Are there a lot of painfully shy introverts? Yup. But one of the most common, most classic personality types in this group is the guy who says, "I was the class clown."
The class clown archetype sticks his neck out, and cracks the joke or says the thing that no one else is willing to say. Everyone knows who he is; he's not hiding in the corner or trying to be anonymous.
And a large number of those guys end up here, because as far as normie girls are concerned, they are nothing more than dancing monkeys or court jesters. Their "confidence" gets them nothing and their extroversion gets them nothing and they can "embrace their flaws" all they want and it will make no difference. Everyone remembers them and everyone vaguely kinda likes them, but no girl wants them, almost invariably because the class clown is almost always funny looking. Sometimes he's a skelly; sometimes he's a Chris Farley type. He's good enough to keep around for entertainment, and he's good enough to friendzone, but he's not good enough to date unless he makes it onto Saturday Night Live.
imagine actually believing this
Imagine actually believing there is woman in here
Imagine actually believing woman dont care about something 
Imagine actually believing woman wont lie about dont careing for something
Imagine actually believing woman will care for you
Imagine actually believing woman has any thoughts on their own that arent based of on social pushing
Imagine actually believing woman will stop being superficial at all
JUST IMAGINE
I have traveled all over the world and all over the US and you'd be shocked to see what kind of girls guys are able to pull, guys who you wouldn't think much of because you've warped your world view into thinking every woman wants gigachad.
If 10% of below-average-looking guys are able to get chicks, you will see a HUGE number of examples of the phenomenon as you travel the world.
But that leaves the other 90%. If that other 90% thinks to themselves, "I can't get chicks because I am not good looking," they are absolutely correct, because there are only so many seats on the bus and they didn't get one.
To what degree makes a diference, who knows
IMAGINE BEING THIS MUCH OF A FUCKTARD TO NOT KNOW
By "masculine energy" she either means be a nigger or be vaguely threatening in a criminal way. Probably both.
Literally me
Guys thought I was hilarious, girls thought I was revolting
Woman dont view looks the same as men
PFFFT 
*WHEEZE*
IMAGINE ACTUALLY BELIEVING THIS
girls didn't find you funny? a friend of mine is the class clown and he was exactly that to them, the clown. loved to hear his jokes and comments, but never wanted to fuck him. really surprised to hear they didn't at least want you around as their dancing monkey.
One time in high school I overheard a girl saying "Wouldn't it be awful if anon liked you?" and they all went EWWW in unison
What i am shocked is why do you exist??
Why do you have to come here and ruin the day with your bullshit lies??
that's rough, buddy. such a different experience from my friend, sorry to hear about that. if it's any consolation, you didn't waste your time or become frustrated with a lack of result. i hope what i said didn't upset you further, bro. do you still have some good mates though? are your friend's girlfriends nice to you at least?
Literally me
Guys thought I was hilarious, girls thought I was revolting
Me too bro. That's why I wrote it. Because I know.
Not everyone here is a NEET. Not everyone here is a hikki. Not everyone here is introverted and shy. Not everyone here is depressed.
In the current year, you don't need to be all of those things to be undateable. Having one significant enough physical flaw is entirely sufficient. Mine is that I'm an Auschwitz skelly.
lmao fucking retard just eat more
lmao fucking retard just eat more
I've tried protein shakes, adding a 4th meal time, etc.
Calories in / Calories out is indisputably true, but I have a very hard time taking in enough calories to gain weight. I also have a problem on the calories out side where the more I eat, the less I *sleep*. Sometimes as little as 2 hours a night. As I take more in, I just burn it off.
My doctor says not to worry, and that I should like being the way that I am because I'm very healthy and have low blood pressure. And that "in a few years" my metabolism will eventually slow down slightly. That doesn't really help me a lot right now, though. And it probably won't help me then, either, since by then it will be too late.
Women aren't willing to get to know me, so it is impossible that its my personality keeping me back. Personality isn't even part of the equation, women decide they won't interact with me the second they see me.
If you started smiling,
My jaw's fucked up so whenever I smile with my teeth out I look hella ugly how bout that.
That's odd. Do you know why you sleep less? IBS? Heart burn? People usually sleep more after eating more.
Kind of a long shot, but have you tried just getting junk calories like soda or those sugar Starbucks drinks? Or maybe taking up drinking alcohol? Liquid calories are the main cause of obesity in America.
ever consider getting surgery to correct your issues?
there's a difference between being a clown and actually being funny, even if they both make people laugh
My objective is not to get women.
My objective is to be a beautiful man
This is the first true post on this board. While its more complex than that, embracing your flaws, being able to take a joke on your expense, having a sense of humour and generally not being a total retard helps
Smile with your mouth closed
If all you see is happy people then you are truly more isolated than the ones you accuse of being 'incels'.
as a girl
lol always do the opposite when advice starts with this.
nta but I have IBS and stomach acid issues
Eating more raises my stomach acidity giving me cramps while asleep. 
The best fix was eating a light meal with no acidic foods, and an antacid drink, before bed
How tall are you? So your dad is 5'10"-5'11" and your mok is 4'11"? I'm going to say 5'7"-5'8"?
Yeah man think about all the times that Chad "embraces his flaws" and "takes a joke at his expense". You're a fucking retard. Laughing at being insulted is the most cuckold thing a man can do, short of literally being cucked.
Sounds like something someone who cant take a joke would say
Post an example of what kinds of "jokes" you're talking about that someone should take at their expense then, anon.
The sleep issues happened in the phase when I had staggered meal times to have 4 full meals a day. My "dinner" was at 9:30 and after that I would often be up until 3 or 4 and then get up at 6. Day after day after day.
I do drink alcohol - but not alone. And that limits the number of times a week I can feasibly drink it.
Say things
People laugh...WITH you, and AT the thing you are joking about
"You aren't actually funny!"
Only by the "A sense of humor is whatever Chad does" metric of funny, bro.
7 hours later
nice reiteration
man is 3'6, clearly a chad who had it too easy
reiteration
intensifies
made me lol
7/10 if real
10/10 if troll
This is just platitude and no girl or the anon (he) who wrote it mean it
damn thats an old meme
Dads 6'5" and im 6'2". So king manlet tier. Women still call me short all the time though.
5 foot, seven and a quarter inches
your use of punctuation is slightly off, it makes reading kinda annoying
how is it slightly off?
sorry but I'm not sperging out today.
6'2 is king of the manlets now
you know, I'm starting to understand all of this "you're insecure" thing now
Why do we tell ugly people it's all in their head? Trust me no one likes you freaks. It's not all in your head. Your paranoia is perfectly justified. Normies really do want to get rid of you. They spit in your food. They call the cops on you just for being in public. I used to be friends with these people. I've seen them do it. Normies and NPCs are programmed to tell ugly people the reason they don't have girlfriends is because of their body language, confidence, attitude, and clothes. They'll tell you the only thing holding you back is yourself. They'll tell you no one thinks you're ugly and it's all in your head. Then they'll call you ugly behind your back 2 minutes later when you leave the room. Why do they lie so blatantly?
ok but you forgot to consider...I have autism
/This
Ugly doesn't matter shit next to personality
me no do math good
FTFY
Based and truepilled, the lookism/doomer pill is a self fulfilling prophecy. People don't want to be around a downer. If that sounds reductionist to the point of being idiotic, consider for a second that it might be true. Think about how fucking retarded women are, then realize they simply want to feel good. Literally jus tbe fun to be around and you win.
I've spent so much time on here just trying to encourage people to make friends and stop doom posting all day, but you can't help people that don't want to be helped. They won't accept that things can be better, because then they would have to accept responsibility for whether or not they try. 
My final attempt: Stop focusing on getting laid all the time and go have some fun. Find a social, in person hobby if you can. Expand your social circle. Dress in a way that makes you feel good about yourself. Stop listening to incel shit because they want other people to be miserable and vent with them. A random unsourced graph is not the end of the world. Women are people. Most people don't like listening to rants, so keep the /pol/ shit to yourself. The End.
