My sister once joked about being afraid I was an incel after she found out I browse 4chan.
The funny thing is she is like close 200lbs and under 5'3 and she pulls normal weight average looking guys.
Although I don't think she is attractive because of her weight, she believes I'm very attractive because of my facial structure and eyes.
Meanwhile in REALITY, girls are grossed out by me and try to avoid me even though I'm normal weight and not balding or too hairy.
I am 5'8.5" tall so that may be why tho.
What's your morning height?
I don't know 
in an organic way
yeah women have no perspective on life really. if you took a woman and put her in a mans body and she had to navigate the world she would commit suicide pretty fast. most women are socially retarded to a degree that makes incels seem suave and sophisticated. women just get a pass on it because they just have to exist. 
likewise, your ugly fat retarded sister gets a pass and gets with guys way out of her league for affirming validating casual sex and relationships simply by existing.
That's how I feel too but I'd never tell her because her and my other siblings are very liberal and bluepilled
Jacob, what are you doing on here! I can't believe you really are an incel omfg!!
Nice try but I ain't American or Jewish
I really have no idea of how girls might perceive my looks
I generally think I'm hideous or average at best
I tell myself that the majority of women would likely not find me attractive, but there may be some who think I look good
I don't think you should try to redpill her but perhaps ask her to ask her female friends to rate your looks+height.
Your sister could be overrating your looks for one reason or another.
Quebecois?
My flatmate is a hamplanet, frequents tinder and has dates with normal/semi-attractive dudes on a weekly basis.
I work in a male-dominated field so I haven't really interacted with females (besides flatmate who I barely speak to) for half a decade, no idea how they see me. Girls were fairly regularly crushing on me in middle and high school and also decreasingly in university. But I was fit back then. Also autismal. Now I'm autismal but not fit.
Fuck your sister OP, then report back.
How is that the third option? lol
Maybe its your personality tbqh. What kind of person blames their height for their inability to score?
Kek, it's funny that the girls who are the most hateful towards incels are usually the ugliest or least desirable ones.
have you talked to your sister about setting you up with a single friend
Not him, but my sister would be disgusted. Then again, we're 13 years apart and she's still underaged, kek.
Fuxk your sister into submission, and destroy her ideas about incels with your cock. Show her that an incel has enough sexual energy to cause a nuclear explosion in her cunt
