How fucked am I bros?
Just praying to god that this all blows over and everyone forgets and trusts that it was just q mistake
Im not a violent person Ive never been in a fight or hit a person before
I think you personally should refrain from doing drugs while having sex, and then you should get yourself fucking checked out a bit if there's more to that story
Its definitely the last time I ever do that again, I usually dont like hitting girls except when they beg for it
If you don't want to do things that you normally wouldn't do then stop taking drugs and stop drinking alcohol. Nothing but poison that's numbing your brain.
I hope you rot in prison you pedophile
Cringe
17 is legal in my country bud
Probably good advice
Fuck off, Scott Pilgrim.
Maybe you should stop going after literal high schoolers???? Go abuse people your own age.
he's a pedo. can't reason with them he just deserves a swift bullet to the head.
idc you're still a predator
Hope you get your punishment you pedo.
Shes graduated already
Do you think girls finish puberty the exact day they turn 18
She looks like an adult
that's why you never go for the face dumbass, just slap her ass or bite her neck and tell her to cover it
as awkward as it sounds, admitting to the kink is your best shot right now, at least let a few key people know about it, like her boss or her best friend
No punishment, completely legal where I live as she consented to it. More concerned about the social implications
Definitely a good idea, she has already told people that thats why. But of course people these days are less likely to take her word for it. Understanbly so though women are manipulated into saying that kind of thing all the time
ok groomer
hope you overdose on cocaine someday :)
17-18 years without makeup look like kids, you're fucking someone barely out of high school who isn't mature enough mentally to know she's being groomed and abused.
She just does look like an adult, not sure what to tell you. I guessed she was early 20s like me when I met her (irl)
Weve met eachother parents, and her mum loves me - I dont know if thats grooming still.
Before you ask people in refuges still have parents
What country
are u a slav degenerate
Australia
This comment is an original
Lol pajeet refugees rape your women and take your jobs haha
