If you don't have any support structures you should kill yourself.
oh yeah for sure let me just get a support structure from fucking home depo kill yorurself unironically
ask the pro desk for some free twine while your at it
I am now other anons' support structure, sorry op you lose
https://youtu.be/0UkrHWL3b0Y?t=1121 [Embed]
Kill yourself. Now.
whats wrong? besides the sarcasm at the start, it sounds like pretty good advice to me. if your environment sucks, then work your way out of it. if you complain that its impossible, it will start to sound like you really just want to tell yourself to kill yourself.
It's just funny because the guy tries to pretend he's left wing, even though he completely agrees with the blackpill/redpill.
Generally, yeah, if you haven't figured your shit out by the time you're 25 you should unironically consider killing yourself.
what does 'figured your shit out' mean?
i'm like 30 years old, social outcast and in-between jobs and the pic you posted doesn;t really apply to me anymore because i stopped caring about that years ago.
Good health, good mental health, lots of money, fucked lots of girls, and generally live a stable and safe life.
normies don't care about any of that, they debtmaxx and live life blindly consuming
sounds like something most people dont have. you;d have to be very lucky, very smart or massive chad to have all of those things. most people are none of these 3 things.
Remember when he unironically said that incels and single women should be put in labor camps?
he doesn't agree with the blackpill
he is just giving into some red pill shit because a lot of left-wing grifters (like him) are scared that so many men being lonely will destabilize their status quo and tmate trying to get them at least on the self-improooovment redpill treadmill so that the economy can keep functioning at least.
it's no coincidence that a lot of these left wing podcasters have started to soften up to the redpill but will immediately reject the blackpill because that is actually threatening to them.
Basic personal agency?
This explains why he finds it impossible to believe that poor people can stop being poor if they make good decisions. If you're surrounded by poor people then you're going to continue being poor for all eternity.
you're taking his advice and sarcasm way too literally. i think he assumes you are wise enough to know its still possible to escape those circumstances and that its just hard and arguably abnormal.
why'd destiny drop all debates and just turn into a gossip faggot
retard, can you only think in absolutes?
Sounds like some shit from someone that has never experienced hardship or depression. Fuck ecelebs.
This is the most retarded thing I've ever read on this website. Random youtubers are not scared of the incel uprising.
left wing podcasters have started to soften up to the redpill
Like who
As will every fucking normal person. Go outside and do a little survey, every normie will argue with you in circles about the blackpill because they can't fathom why someone would believe it.
He lived in his grandmas piss house and worked as a vacuum cleaner. I think he knows what hardship is.
Lol, I have been 'unironically' considering killing myself since I was 13. 
Since then I was an infantry grunt, a healthcare worker and a teacher. Never fucked up at work. 
Deleted a few Hajis. 
Saved a few kiddos and pregnant women. 
Fucked stupid cunts, other nurses, picked up in bars. Got picked up myself once or twice overseas. 
Never compromised anything. 
Got married. 
Still going Ann Hiro. 
I would physically rip you limb from limb first though if I could 
Typical feeling for the past 20 years is that I am shit and need to die, but you are all more shit and less worthy. 
3 months left until my suicide clause for my health insurance kicks in. 
Until then, I am trying to be chill, but my boy, I will be looking for little cunts like you when I exit. 
No innocents, but if you talk game then we can play. 
12 months for a proper payout, but 3 month small payout. 
She'll still get the house and no kids, so I'm pretty fucking ready.
you can keep coping while the loneliness problem keeps getting worse.
faggots like you REEEEE'd about the red pill also years ago, but are now simping for it because the alternative is even more threatening to you.
That's the most nothingburger hardship ever. That doesn't earn him anything. You may as well say "he knows what hardship is, he got a stomach ache last week".
destiny planned to shoot a guy who was trolling him and then commit suicide but decided against it because his streaming career took off. he is as much of an emotionally retarded sperg freak as he seems.
My life has completely stagnated for the past 5+ years and I am completely unable to change it in any capacity.
I've pretty much reached the breaking point where I have violent oubursts of rage every day and trash my room and hurt myself. The way I see it if nothing changes within a month I'll most likely be unironically dead.
Why do you feel like you're above suffering?
What the fuck do you mean you stupid nigger?
You're not an exceptional individual. It's a fact of life that unexceptional people will suffer. Why do you think you're above your suffering?
I've had literally no friends in over half a decade shut the fuck up you retarded black nigger
Sounds like you're not a very good friend yourself
retarded black nigger from africa
Bluntly he isn't in a strong position for it. He barely kept his cognitive dissonance in check when on that Pearlythings podcast. He's not really able to hold up with most and they have to be like Chris Williamson where they just let him ramble like a lolcow for an hour unprovoked.
He's more successful than like 99% of people. I think he knows what he's doing more than the average person.
