There's something so cathartic about wasting away a Sunday smoking. gooning and edging until you're left in a soaking mess of your own cum. God I love being a degenerate. Give into the coomer life!
Whenever I masturbate I cum like 10+ times in an hour using my wand. I literally love being a femcoomer, having no refractory period is so nice.
As you get old, edging and gooning becomes much less appealing. It's like an addictive chore I do when I get too stressed or bored. Still, literally everything is better than working.
3/10 b8. Ywnbaw
I've cum easily over 10 times and I have the carpel tunnel and pussy to prove it
Very few things will convince me this will get old
You ruined it.
so uh. what are you gonna do when your parents die?
What kind of reaction would I even be baiting with this? What would there be to lie about?
I don't enjoy it as much as I thought I might. I saw a lot of porn about it and thought I'd give it a shot
I'm in my mid 30s and have been taking SSRIs for 15 years. I've explored every fetish, fapped to every doujin that interests me, etc. It's like I lived a completely meaningless sexual life in my head (cause I basically did) and now I just have a shell to show for it.
I'm constantly chasing the fap highs of my teens and early 20s. I'm trying to get myself to get excited enough to jerk off now, but nothing is really doing it. I just feel sad and anxious.
Hello ma'am I'll have sex with you! Better than fappin.
I'm a guy, dummy, control yourself~
No. Please be a girl. Ser. Please.
Good ol' grown up feelings. That's all I feel anymore at all.
I know I can't go back to having the fun I had in my teens/20s, that's ok. What I really want is that "fuck it. I'll spend the next five days jerking off for the hell of it" freedom. Not just freedom of action, but freedom of mind. I wasn't thinking about bills, insurance, rent, car repairs, etc and where that money's going to fucking come from. Just me, the internet, my hard dick, and pure focus.
