"funny and sweet" obviously just means "tall and handsome". Women would rather be abusechad's "spare hole" than beautiful and special to you.
No mention of breaking up or anything. It most likely made her more attracted to him. Fuck them all.
she currently "cant decide" what to do. people are seriously coping in the comments like he must be a loser. 
except that no guy would have a woman in his contacts as "spare hole" unless he has options and confidence. 
if he has options, she will always be an option.
Being attractive is a prerequisite requirement. Its stupid that a lot of chuds dont realise this
If you are not attractive you cant magically attract beautiful girls. Girls dont feel the need to mention their BF is handsome because its implied that they will be. So in other words she is saying he is handsome, funny, and sweet.
I guarantee it did. She now is going to fuck him twice as good in hopes to become his main hole. This is how women think.
why do you affect a strange way of typing with weird tiktok lingo when you're trying to seem intelligent? just communicate normally.
clearly she is confusing him being tall and handsome with "funny and sweet". she is not saying he is "handsome, funny, and sweet." A man who has women saved as "spare hole" is by definition not "funny and sweet". So unless you're alleging she is mentally retarded, she is just a turdwhore for abusechad.
How do redditards cope witht the fact that misogynist got laid?
there is no mention of "beautiful girls" in the OP image or in any posts. Do try to be honest and not a sniveling, pussy bitch dishonest turdwhore when you communicate. 
If you are not attractive, you can't attract ANY girls, no matter their level of attractiveness. Interest is not attraction.
They lie about how no one could have known he was a misogynist and he was a clever duper who magically hid it so well etc etc yada yada 
basically when it comes time to get cummed in by abusechad's herpes cock, they magically can't detect his blatant obvious brutal misogyny, but when it comes time to reject a non-chad he is magically a misogynist no matter how simpy he is.
This. 4/10 and below men have nothing to attract.
Women crave the abuse. One of my best hookups was a college girl who I told to her face I fundamentally hated literally every single one of her opinions. She was a member of both some pro-pedogay and pro-nigger groups in her college and I told her this made her a terrible person. So of course we fucked on the first date.
Do you like abusing them?
Any reasonable, thinking man is compelled to hate women.
What she wrote is illogical there's no reason to notthink she's not a radfem making demoralization threads to put off more women from dating normal men.
women dont need to be put off from dating normal men, they are not attracted to normal men, only to tall handsome men.
tiktok lingo
Chud has been a part of the 4chan lexicon for a long time
If you are thinking my words sound smart and you think im typing out big words to seem smart, youre an idiot. I typed out what sounds the most efficient at conveying my thoughts. The fact you are thinking im 'trying' to sound intelligent suggests you're an idiot. You see big words and assume its a pathetic attempt at displaying intelligence, because you cant imagine yourself typing out ordinary words like 'requirement' and 'prerequisite". Not everyone is stupid. Its high school level comprehension.
Coping really hard huh my friend
not reading all that seethe. mald and cope. touch grass.
no need to try to save face when you get corrected. touch grass.
My systems indicate you are an idiot
Sure buddy, women aren't attracted to normal height normal looking makes but still are having sex with them? Delusional
I am 5'7 and I have girls acting all flirtatious around me. playing with their hair and coyly looking around and pouting while looking at me at a glance, looking away then back again.
They do say I am attractive though.
not reading all this seething malding cope. touch grass and dilate.
compliments like that either mean you're very hot (which will be evidenced by women outright trying to get with you for sex without your effort) or you're very ugly.
Some combination of:
1) Flatly ignore 
2) Accept, but only for some "mentally ill" women
3) Accept, but only in safe space subs like TRP
Of course the truth is more that men with options can act like cunts. That they act like cunts isn't why they have options. The latter statement confuses cause and effect, a "wet streets cause rain" theory.
Must suck to be a stupid
they don't act like cunts because they have options, and they don't have options because they act like cunts.
being a cunt and having options are completely independent of each other. they are simply allowed to be whoever they are: cunts, pussy whiny tearful simps, etc. if they are tall and handsome and it won't affect how attractive they are to women.
sorry not gonna read it champ. touch grass.
