1/2
Idk bros, this kind of shit always happens to me. I was so convinced that she was into me, even the tone of her voice would change sometimes when I talked to her. Maybe she was just leading me on or I misinterpreted everything. Does this mean that the other co-worker was in on this too? Fuck man...
How should I even interact with my crush for these next two shifts with each other? Part of me is still coping and saying that she is into me, and that I should ask her out or ask her for insta. I was hoping to at least hook up with her. It hurts
also to clarify, I work in a restaurant that has a bar. I asked her to have the shot with us on her last shift at our workplace.
2/2
I don't think it hurts anymore to simply just ask for her instagram/snapchat, if she says no your still in the same position you were before. Don't feel like the crush and coworker were pulling your leg the whole time just overthinking that part I reckon.
So what do you think that was about?
I think her friend might have been encouraging you as she could be more so conservative and shy. Potentially your crush likes you back but isn't good with confrontation. If you are a shy guy yourself you'd shit yourself a little if she came up and talking to abt seeing each other etc. Im all for hurting people for a joke but I just dont think its very funny of a joke to fool you, nor would others i think
my crush is not conservative or shy lol. she's a hoe that I caught feelings for.
okay fuck, still have hope man. just play it simple dont force yourself. I think the best situation is to ask for one of her socials, preferably snapchat. If fails don't get too caught up homie at least you're not getting led on. Could always try get a vengeance fuck on your other coworker to release your anger.
lol i cant believe some guy on /r9k/ is less negative than me. thanks though. Not only is she quitting, but she gave me that shitty excuse of not wanting o drink. Two punches to the fucking face. im just sick and tired of not being able to attract girls
hahaha im only a rookie 4chan user atm. Yeah some people are like that, I use to pull every excuse not to drink with friends (now I'm an alcoholic) Just because she doesnt want to have a shot doesnt mean its directed at you she might despise your other coworkers and cbf drinking with them rather than you specifically. Ik that its draining not having girls swarm you etc. but girls aren't as expressive with that shit compared to guys. Just put yourself out there in the sense that if you're a shut in you cant expect to have a chance, you gotta go out and attempt to try. Thats what I did, Id get a few friends get drunk asf go to a bar and you lose all anxiety when speaking to them and youll either pull a girl or get more experience talking to them. sry for long txt anon
dont apologize, talk all you want. 
it just seems that whenever I do try, it always fails. I am shy, awkward and anxious, however, that's probably because I rarely got girls that were interested in me.
Its okay if it fails its okay because realistically it never wouldve worked in the long run if the start was a struggle, it will be refreshing and easy when you find a girl that likes the same stuff you like and conversation flows, the awkwardness, anxiousness will wither away and you'll feel comfortable speaking to them. Are you after a girl for the sole purpose of sex or do you want an actual connection/relationship?
but that's the thing though.. I felt kind of comfortable speaking with this girl. We bonded over music at one point.
Absolute state of crackers. Cracker women are subhuman and you should try gooks
and that can happen, in town many times I would meet a girl and talk about our favorite anime, music etc. However they would never follow me back on Instagram in the morning. What I do to cope is find another girl where you can fantasize to forget about the last one until you can finally secure it with a girl
and where and how do you meet these girls? are you in school?
Im out of school ive been a neet for a year and I just go out to town like popular bars and clubs with friends get drunk asf and just do whatever feels fun/natural if you feel like talking to a girl go for it, if not don't girls will come up to you at times just go with whatever you feel like. Just be friendly looking and open if they want to converse. Even if you get no girls by the end of the night you and your buddies will most likely have enough fun drinking with eachother and theirs always next time. Also avoid buying girls drinks unless youre doing rounds (also drink a decent amount before going to out becasue for me drinking at bars is expensive much cheaper to get predrunk at home or friends house
bros i actually cried on the drive home and was so close to crying at work.
it happens bro, ive cried at 2 different work places just let it out where you feel comfortable youll feel better about it once you finish crying bro
When interacting from now on just keep it civil. Don't be too nice and more importantly don't take any shit. It sounds like it's over to me so why bother? Do you wanna beg this girl for a relationship? I don't think you do. Don't add her on social media and don't peek at her posts unless you're just trying to get a nut off I guess. In due time you'll be fine. I'd even confront her calmly and ask "so do you like me or not?" Or maybe it'd be better to work your way around to confronting her? Idk mani don't know all the little details and how you or her exactly feel I just know that you definitely don't wanna feel like a bitch or whatever. Good luck
