I summon you french-chan, please come to us and bring a vocaroo!
She is not going to notice and fall for you for this.
how do youuuu know anon she might
bump please frenchan if you're here tell us, we still want you around
she's taking moroccan cock and you're here begging for a vocaroo
I don't think she wants to come back. I wasn't in here before but I did some reaserch and after what she went through I understand if she doesn't want to be found; I would try to respect that and stop posting about her.
Is sad that she happened to met bad people. I hope she is healthy and happy.
she was outed as just another mentally ill whore there's no reason she'd come back 
learn your lesson that innocent girls don't exist here and move on
I have hope she'll come back
please frenchan post a vocaroo telling us youre ok
Brief backstory on this?
her ex made a thread about her revealing her nudes, that's she's mentally ill and that she was talking to 6(?) other guys you can find it in the archive
Tbh I would like to her to come back aswell. She seem cool to talk to but people like this >>73078732 always happen to ruin everything.
What are the keywords or link
the alleged ex
there was never any confirmation from her that she contacted anyone
for all we know it could be just the guy surfing on her popularity to establish himself and get more attention from the board, from what i remember he also talked about "her" going to a trans clinic
Wait some people are saying he's trans (french nigga)?
I thought she was cool as well, more interesting than the other girls at the time but she's clearly not well and doesn't want to post here and OP is the one making threads instead of letting her be forgotten
just search french chan you'll find stuff I'm not gonna link it that seems cruel
she has a face that makes me want to hate her. idk why
the alleged ex who exposed her talked about her going to the clinic
All I see are just speculations from not reputable sources. And even if she was talking to 6 guys she never confirmed she had a bf, in my books is whatever, is her life
She edated Lautrec who sold her out for attention on r9k. He posted chats between them and outed her at the gender clinic. 
Fake as fuck.
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72597666
It obviously isn't her because we know she is trans but she was upset that nobody defended her and all of her simps abandoned her because every other egirl has loyal followers.
I agree we should let this die out of respect for her. I know if I was in her position I wouldn't like to be reminded of it.
Lautrec is the only confirmed contact.
Lmao fuck them trannies
It's bullshit. Picrel is the random girl that some anon claimed was French chan IRL in order to fill his discord server.
you seem like very a insecure sad person. Get help
Nah, im pretty secure, no need for hormone medication and dick cutting surgeries.
It's that fag Lautrec in these threads slandering french-chan. He has this really unhealthy obsession with her.
As a dedicated Irisbro, it is physically impossible to be either insecure or sad.
trip is from some black girl who has been on 4chan since 2016
that's your french chan
Are you sure?, you seem really fixated in others people's lives
He sounds like a psyco
?
I'll translate it into french
s'il te plait french chan tu peux poster un vocaroo, on t'aime tous bien on veut te revoir
Making a comment = fixated on someone's life. If anyghing, its you who are fixated, defending random psych ward patient.
You are the one that is saving thread links and screenshots not me. I just don't like people like you.
Me and that guy are not even the same person. I just said fuck trannies.
bro you cant just spend twenty seconds searching the archive to contribute to a thread what are you obsessed man
Is the same, why would you go out of your way to say that, who cares.
A negative contribution shouldn't be called a contribution
twenty seconds
more like 5-6 months amirite Lautrec?
frenchan s'il te plait si tu vois ce message, envoie moi un message a ce numero: 07 68 48 56 23 le 2 mai. je t'en prie j'aimerais devenir ton ami, tu as le droit de dire oui a ma proposition , tu sais. j'espere que tu verra mon message, j'ai confiance en toi
Lautrec stop samefagging
Why does my tranny sensor activate while seeing this
Because you are a neurotypical straight male without autism / retardation.
frenchan post I beg you
I didn't know that french-chan is tranny holy hell
shes so ugly and a tranny whats there to like
FRENCHAN NE NOUS ABANDONES PAS JE T'EN PRIE!!!!! OUIUAAAAARRRHGHHH!!!!
all frog simps abandoned frenchan when she needed defending here 
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72597666
why should she not abandon you cowards?
Wasn't she underaged ?
real frenchie 17
pretend leaks ???
Dude stop posting those threads you are a psycopath. Let this girl live in peace holy shit.
They're fake, retard. nobody believes that's Frenchan.
