Where did the flu go in 2020/2021?
The masks and social distancing stopped the flu
Really? idk that seems retarded to me
Masks protect against the spread of viruses and germs by reducing your exhale range. They don't stop people from catching a cold/flu/covid, but they do stop them from spreading it to others.
We know how the flu propagates, why would this be retarded?
Obviously they just counted flu cases as COVID cases in order to fit the narrative that covid was spreading like wildfire
why would that be retarded? please take your meds
Because covid was spreading just fine and it's the same family of virus with the same methods of transmission. I also distrust everyone who sucks authorities dick, they're all overly political bootlickers and they piss me off with how much lying they're willing to do.
The masks and social distancing stopped the flu
Nope. Don't believe that for one second, it's retarded.
Nope. Don't believe that for one second, it's retarded.
So in your opinion, what actually stopped the flu then?
So in your opinion, what actually stopped the flu then?
The jews have on multiple occasions re-written the definitions in their jewish dictionaries in real-time to fit their jew agenda. The jew even re-defined what a "vaccine" is so their jewjabs could even remotely qualify. 
Jewvid was nothing more than a seasonal flu, so "The Flu" became "The Jewvid" in all official reporting. Face kippahs were an act of obedience to laugh at goyim. 
Why would anyone trust a tribe that literally considers you to be inhuman livestock with your health care/
I didn't ask anything about covid. 
Let me ask my question again: what stopped the flu?
That's why am I asking. I think it's weird that it just goes flat. I don't believe that social distancing was that effective. Sounds wishful.
I don't believe that social distancing was that effective
Your belief is not important, though. Based on what we know, flus transmit through the air and surfaces. Limiting that is a very reasonable cause of the drop. Objecting to that logic does need an accompanying hypothesis
Nothing stopped the flu, the flu still existed then. The numbers are wrong. The hospitals and media lied and repoted any flu case as covid. It was a lie. The flu has not gone away
Occam's razor probably would disagree. 
Is it more likely that increased awareness of illness and precautions caused a drop 
OR
a massive medical conspiracy exists that almost no one knows about?
If I were a betting man, I know which way I'd go
So anon what stopped the flu?
uh.... Jews
what is with yalls hateful obsession>
I think it's a pipeline
everyone hates white people
It's obviously the medias fault
the media is owned by jews
jews hate white people
hate jews
not that I understand either
It's an american thing. People, especially young people are failing hard, falling into bad situations. And blaming yourself is uncomfortable, so finding a scapegoat is the way to make yourself feel better. Very simple
wtf is that image LMAO
It looks like it's from a Japanese comic. They culturally do not have a concept of what those symbols mean and actually don't know it's controversial
Actual bot response???
It's fanart of negev from girls frontline.
if you had the flu you were told you had a mild case of covid
Actual bot response???
LOL, no, just trying to contribute. Have been seeing a lot of weird stuff from Japan on here lately.
yea yea, ok... bot.
see
Sorry I sound a little stilted, it's just how I talk.
I think >>73079687 is pretty spot-on. Any broad demographic discrimination/blame is just scapegoating. If you're unhappy with your situation, and it feels like it's due to circumstances outside of your control, it can be comforting/cathartic to have a group to blame. It's always short-sighted, though; they will CLING to the fact that Jews are overrepresented in this-or-that position of power and use that as evidence of complete Jewish control, but when presented with anything that goes against that narrative, like how every single US president has been Christian? Well, that just means that the presidents don't control anything, or that president is controlled by Jews despite being allegedly Christian, or some other excuse. It's the backwards logic of starting with your conclusion first, so that everything that agrees with your conclusion is true and legitimate and important, and everything that goes against the conclusion is automatically dismissed as being false, fake, or irrelevant.
yeah this makes sense
I mean what you are describing is textbook fascism, its much easier to blame your problems on a group of people and say that the solution is to just get rid of those people and all your problems go away than it is to understand that economic and political systems are flawed and much work is needed to be done to fix those systems.
