my sister told me to watch a sitcom to learn social skills. is that a good idea?
No, but it will teach you important pop-culture references.
dunno how many lessons there are to learn in sitcoms. in general early seasons are less ridiculous so seeing how people put themselves in awkward situations could be a lesson i guess in what to not do
"Friends" will teach you to be just fucking that with women. It is the definition of blue pill fucking bullshit. Turn it the fuck off and read a book man
i due to being a shut in during childhood learned all my social skills from sitcoms. it doesn't work at all
sitcoms generally revolve around people who are in very mismatched and awkward situations resolve their conflicts in the worst and least productive ways possible. would you try and learn social skills from Rick and Morty
 i already did
well christ
thats like telling an american to learn japanese from anime
There is nothing wrong with this. Children watch cartoons to learn language, why would it not work for adults?
That's about the stupidest piece of advice I ever heard. That's something a 10 year old thinks. Watching tv does not improve social skills. Talking to people is one of those things that gets easier the more you do it. Being honest helps too if you're a naive idiot like me. But lies can be fun too. There are pathological liars everywhere and a lot of them do great socially. Idk what I'm talking about. A few phrases that helped me out are
How's it going?
Well alright then
If there's a lull in the conversation and you wanna leave just say "Hell yeah" or something similar and turn away. 
Having a shitty retail job for 4 years helped me with my social skills.
I can't stress enough how stupid that is
you need how to learn to speak proper japanese from a teacher or textbook before you can make sense of the jabbering argot they put in cartoons
its mostly about HOW you speak the language. you wouldn't want someone talking like sheldon from the big bang theory would you?
