I get extremely uncomfortable because they all have this soulless, empty stare. I'm glad their going extinct so we can get rid of blue eyes and their other putrid features from the gene pool.
Good. Stay away from us.
brown people seething again because glancing at a white person reminds them they will always be the inferior line
We're in our heads thinking as the Interaction is happening. Creating a disconnect.
I mean i'll stay away from you but your women can't stay away from us LMFAO
but your women can't stay away from us LMFAO
Why does every minority instantly use this comeback everytime? It's not even true, whites have the highest rates of partnering up in race.
White "men" can't handle this truth. The only time you see sex tourism from women is when they go to asia to squirt on Changs BAC.
Changs BAC
You are severely mentally ill
whites
in race partnering percentage
'highest'
kekekek
thanks for the nice joke
I no longer feel sorry for that chink that killed himself in a youtube livestream today.
Hey, I'm Asian and I hate the chinks, gooks, and monkeys ITT crying about 'BAC'. Why did that chink you're talking about kill himself? He may have been a bad person anyways, so don't really need to feel bad.
And I never felt sorry for the thousands of wh*te boys who kill themselves. I hope they kill themselves to extinction while we continue to impregnate their women.
Don't you think it's time to stop that? But it's not like the addicts of /r9k/ would have much of an impact on the real world anyways. So it'd be a waste of effort to worry about how resentful and bitter you all make each other.
Racemixxing isn't at all common overall, btw.
Ur 3 incher dix cant penetrate white women u subhuman
As a blackanon, I can vouch for the fact that blue eyes like these do creep me out. Its even worse when she is flashing that giant toy teeth smile. Like she is objectively attractive but the tiny pupil surrounded by steely blue shit genuinely is unsettling for whatever reason. Would probably murder her if it was hunter-gatherer era and she stumbled upon my tribe.
Koreananon here, and I also dislike blue eyes. Dark eyes + dark hair is my favourite combo.
(Picrel) Rate my side chick, btw
TFW no Daddario GF to impregnate over and over.
Dasha is the perfected form of a White woman.
inb4 "Ukranians aren't White".
They are.
Im white but I agree, I dislike blue eyes and I find people who have them to be mr beast tier npcs. Green, hazel, black and brown are my favorite.
What are your thoughts on amber (goldish) eyes? Not that I have them, but my sister does.
I know they're very popular here in Asia.
post sister kekek
lol... no.
4RTTPH
their
Anywho, she is a prime example of weird and scary eyes.
People only like her for her massive tits.
There are tons of pretty blue eyed women, it's just this is one of those really scary examples. Even when she's not staring like >>73076382 she looks rather uncanny.
You prefer the rabid, monkey stare a nigger has while blowing the brains out of a 5 year old?
Hahahahaha
Yeah
I'm white with brown eyes and I agree lol, blue eyes are freaky
I have an aversion to eye contact in general but blue eyes are the most unsettling
I'm not racist, but I remember when I took some LSD and looked at this white persons hair it seemed so soulless
"According to Nietzche, masters create morality; slaves respond to master morality with their slave morality. Unlike master morality which is sentiment, master morality is based on ressentiment - devaluing what the master values and the slave does not have. As master morality originates in the weak, slave morality originates in the weak. Because slave morality is a reaction to oppression, it vilifies oppressors. Slave morality is the inverse of master morality. As such, it is characterized by pessimism and cynicism." You are coping with jealousy and inferiority with resentment by attacking white people, particularly their features. Because "white" features are the standard for looks, those lacking in white features vilify white people and their assosciated features.
Here's pic related for comment
That is mostly the blue eyed whites like who you posted. Alexandria Daddario is an extreme example though never seen a more demon looking bitch in hollywood than her. Spanish and Italian's don't have this soulless look nearly as often.
Why does she look like this guys? Isn't she aware its not a good look for her?
.. but that's a jew.
Because the idea of colonizing a group of people by taking their women is something that bothers any man on this planet. The ethnicels using it against you seethe and mald when they see "their" women with other races of men. They know it hurts and they know it would hurt you to. 
The reality is no woman on this planet is "yours" or "theirs" solely because they share haplogroups with you. Besides, this is r9k and you shouldn't put too much emphasis on what people spew on here. We all know it's full of KHVs, especially the ethnics
She's half ashkenazi
You hate whites but worship white women. imagine kek
blackcel convincing himself he totally doesn't eternally thirst after and get rejected by white women and their """creepy""" eyes
Don't worry negro, mentally you are still in the hunter-gatherer era 
Exactly, this thread is pure brownoid cope
