I'm giving a presentation for school tomorrow.
This particular class has already laughed at me several times in the past. If they do it again I'm gonna lose my fucking mind and go apeshit, I swear to fucking god. I can't be held responsible for what I might say or do.
Pray for me bros
Just don't reach into your backpack bro, it's not worth it
On what anon? I just plaguirize my general practitioner so I can get marks for historical reference to Josef Mengele discoveries. The young adults love that stuff. It concerts discomfort in unfamiliar environments well enough to inspire me and the others to think while we're not in school. Josef Mengele
I won't, I just might scream at them
What the fuck are you even trying to communicate
scream at them
Cringe + they'll record it and laugh even harder
Based + they'll fuck off forever
I'm in college, I'll get arrested and expelled if I hit anybody (as enticing as that may sound.)
I'm assuming OP is a high school underage b&amp; and not a unifag btw. If you're in uni, just ignore them, not worth it. If you're in HS, fight them until they fuck off and leave you alone. They'll respect you and you won't be worth the effort any more
only scream? cmon, you arent afraid of fate are you? just dont be stupid and be sent to jail
Stop fedposting, I'm just trying to blow off steam in this thread and you're making the whole thing sinister
If they laugh, they laugh. Who gives a fuck? Hope you do well
I'm tired of tolerating disrespect. I'm a human being and I deserve to be treated like one.
NO ANON DONT DO IT ITS NOT WORTH IT NOOO
Stop fucking fedposting holy shit, I don't want the police hassling me over a shitpost you inbred mongrel
Fucking faggot fed, eat shit and die nigger
I think you're a bunch of schizos
If I was a fed then wouldn't I be pushing you to do it instead of making a joke?
You're trying to make me sound like a shooter and I don't appreciate it. I'm just venting because I'm sick of fucking being laughed at and you're just hellbent on ruining my thread.
If that means assaulting someone or doing something with an equally shocking effect on your class then go for it. 
You could just refuse to do the presentation. I did that once and said that Id rather fail this assignment than get laughed at for the next 20 min. If your teachers care enough, that may draw their attention to your situation
A lot of people laugh when they are nervous. I was preaching a great message the other day and I said a part about how crazy women cut themselves and this girl cracked up laughing. Guess what she used to do? Yep. She was a cutter who was locked up for doing that to herself. I just ignored it and continued on because I knew they knew that they knew that I knew that she knew that I knew that they knew that I knew that she did that thing.
were these written by chatgpt
No, just yell. I know exactly which obnoxious cunts would be doing the most snickering and it'd be satisfying to startle them.
Unfortunately my grade for the class depends on passing this presentation so I'm just gonna have to suck it up I guess.
Good luck then. Practice yelling for maximum effect, with the right technique you can shout really loud which can be quite impressive if done right
