I can't have sex cause I'm autistic.
It's not fair. I'm still horny.
its not about being horny. its about actually having an outlet for emotional or sexual expression
why don't you take out a full page ad in your city's paper of record. it probably won't be that expensive and you can feel good about supporting independent local journalism too
why do peiple why do people arghhggg
I just wanna have sex.
Can't an autistic nigga get some tail up in here?
And I'm not talking pity friendship shit. I'm talking my penis going in and out of vagina.
Fellow autist here, why not just hire a whore?
It would be gross.
in civilised countries the state actually pays for prostitutes to have sex with mentally handicapped people for this reason
Am I the only autist who is grossed out by sex? I want a gf to love me just as much as I love her, but the thought of sex itself kinda grosses me out.
Normies are clearly having sex all the time that's why I want to do it plus I'm horny.
I don't mean some street hooker, but an escort. There are are also girls you can hire to just cuddle with you for 1-2 hours if the other thing isn't legal or available to you.
The only reason I don't do this is money, I'd rather keep spending $100 a week on lottery tickets until i win millions.
I feel sad now, but I would feel MUCH sadder if I paid a girl to cuddle me.
I just want a girl to fuck me of her own free will. It doesn't have to be long-term or make kids.
That's not gonna happen you either take this cope or you stay a virgin forever.
Lol go fuck yourself.
Original
Just enjoy the warm wet pussy.
im a sperg and i figured out how to get mediocre to subpar women to have sex with me, but i have unsightly skin condition on my dick and face, so its not really worth it.
its annoying too. they want you to show that they have a romantic partner to people they know, its very tiring and pretty gross when you notice they start getting cognitive dissonance about being with you and feel like they dont have many options.
Thanks for letting me know there's hope.
thats nice, but i hope it also served as a warning.
