I hate normies so goddamn much
Soccon deez nuts nigga
Its just so tiring.
Great thread, OP. Real intellectually stimulating stuff here.
It's OP's Twitter account, he's trying a little reverse psychology on us
Imagine violently raping and gutting the person who made this tweet. Would be the greatest pleasure ever
Holy shit this board has gone to shit. Why even post this you retard
Is it really wrong tho?
I can say for sure that I'm a fucked up loser who refuses to better himself to the point where someone would sleep with me. Like, it's not wrong
I mean everyone starts off life as a virgin. But /after a certain point/ (and idk what point would be fair to use as a rule of thumb)... maybe there's something to it
I mean also bear in mind that there's a difference between being a fucked up loser and a bad person in a moral sense. Someone could be a person who doesn't do anything morally harmful to other people, but who nonetheless is just kind of a whiny obnoxious failure
Being an involuntary male virgin does not make you a bad person
Women would have to take the blame for being only attracted to violent retards who should have been killed at birth
which is not going to happen
Yes, as I said, there's a difference between being a fucked up loser and a bad person.
I went to a private school and a trade college, both with little to no women. In my outdoor day to day life there is pretty much no way to meet women. They're all super avoidant if they don't already have boyfriends. There is nothing wrong with me.
Women are terrible just by being female. Truly, until there is a male virgin board, all we'll have is this shitty /b/ replica.
Women laugh at us and want us dead
you can't even believe how much i hate virgin men
true, it really do be like that
And yet you wonder why some incels want to rape and kill you.
So call him a retard and unfollow him. It's literally that simple.
I got my account locked for a week for calling out someone telling a 29 year old virgin to kill themselves
What's a soccon?
You 100% threatened to murder rape then eat that person didn't you? Typical incel response to reasonable advice.
Nope. I told them it is not okay to tell virgins to KYS. That last word must have triggered the account lock.
Not a single incel on this site has bettered himself. Soccon.
