<comment>
This might sound crazy but I've been thinking about this for a little bit now and it seems like it might have some truth to it.
I've noticed over past 4 years or so that younger people such as Gen Z have been getting more and more into anime.
When I was growing up anime was still weird and kinda niche, not many people in my high school were able to talk about the shows I liked except maybe Dragon Ball Z but that's pretty mainstream.
Anyway, the theory. I wonder if more Gen Z guys are turning to anime and getting waifus because society is kinda pushing them in the direction of giving up on real women.
If you use TikTok or see it on youtube or something you may notice that many Gen Z guys are against things like OnlyFans and how the modern woman acts in general.
I've even seen some threads on here about it. So yeah, I started thinking and maybe the rise in Anime popularity and the disgust that Younger Guys feel towards modern women is correlated.
<comment>
I'm not sure that's totally true or the case. Since anime girls are very sexual, depending on who's writing/drawing them ;)
But I agree with your point about Zoomers/Gen Z guys getting into anime more
Although, it really started around 2016ish when Re:Zero came out. Before that from 2011-2015, when I was in High School nobody I knew talked about anime except one of my friends talking about the ending of the Naruto manga, only once 
It started getting bigger for Zoomers around the time of Kill La Kill and Tokyo Ghoul and The Return of the JoJo anime
I will say this though, when I was in elementary and middle school kids talked about Naruto and DBZ, in fact they talked about Naruto more since I was in grade school at the time (2005-2008) while it was airing in the U.S. 
Sadly no one talked about Bleach, they didn't talk about One Piece either, but I don't care for OP so that made me feel good. 
Also when I was in the 1st and 2nd grade kids were talking about Yu-Gi-Oh and Pokemon but those ones are popular so I guess they don't count
<comment>
anime girls aren't sexual in the same way. they have some redeeming qualities most of the time, besides being unnaturally beautiful in (most) cases
real girls seem allergic to being cute, or at least they never have been in my presence during most of my life. corporations have infected them with the desire to be worker drones. It's tragic.
<comment>
50% of the guys in my class in highschool were into anime and video games, most of which had girlfriends.
<comment>
I now see what you mean. Then yeah by that there are probably a lot of zoomer guys that seek anime as a form of escapism or as a cope
<comment>
theories about differences in sexes that go beyond basic biology are a sure way to become a tinfoil hat incel for the rest of your life
but so is having a waifu so idk
