Hello chat how can I get admitted to a psych ward so I can get a mentally ill alt bpd gf. Is it worth it? Do they separate patients by gender there?
Go to the emergency room and tell them that you have a plan to kill yourself. Then get ready to pay a 50,000 dollar bill if you dont have insurance
I'm a bpd girl and also extremely impressed by your joy division. let's date
any girl you find in psych ward or rehab is going to be the craziest girls out there.
Girls don't listen to Joy Division. At best, you're trans.
im a girl and i grew up where ian grew up so we all do
prove it then
Wow, 4 guys in a rock band and not a single one is even decent looking. Shocker.
Peter Hook is handsome in that photo and Bernard Sumner would become more attractive as he got a little maturer
carry out an attack on a soft target and then plead insanity
Don't know where OP lives, but the insanity plea is borderline impossible to succeed with in the US, especially for mass murder and similar crimes.
Did you just call us chat?
Do they have to be a 10/10 now so it can appeal to you? Gtfo of here faggot
I just think it's funny that ugly guys join rock bands so they can get pussy. I'm not blaming them, I would do it too if I had any musical ability whatsoever.
lnsane standards.
I exaggerated a little but not much. Guy on the left is a 6/10, Curtis is a 3.5/10, and both guys on the right are 4/10.
Weird taste. I was going to say the guy on the left is the only one who isn't decent looking but that at least he's tall.
He's got nice hair, fairly masculine features, and, like you said, is tall. Only major flaw is his nose, but it's a pretty big (ha) one.
The others look like eunuchs to varying degrees. They have nice enough symmetry but no masculinity whatsoever.
He has the equal worst hair and the beard does not conceal his lack of jaw/chin at all.
So, you think center right is hottest I'm guessing? A strong jaw doesn't necessarily mean attractive if it isn't complemented by other good features.
There once was a pet mouse named Chuck who lived alone in a giant habitat on his owner's desk. Chuck was a lonely little fucker, and all he could do was watch his owner jerk off whenever he was in the room. But as Chuck watched his owner, he couldn't help but feel horny himself. He yearned for a female mouse to share his cage with, to snuggle up to, and to fuck all night long.
But his owner, being the selfish prick he was, refused to get Chuck a girlfriend. "Why the fuck do you need a girlfriend?" he would say. "You've got everything you need in there. Plenty of food, water, and a big-ass wheel to run on. What more could you want?"
But Chuck knew what he wanted. He wanted a little piece of mouse pussy. So one night, when his owner was passed out drunk on the floor, Chuck made his move. He escaped from his habitat and made his way to the owner's bedroom, where he found the perfect mate: a sleeping female mouse, just waiting to be fucked.
Chuck didn't waste any time. He climbed onto the female mouse's back and went to town. He fucked her hard, pounding away until he finally came inside her. And as he lay there, spent and exhausted, he realized that he didn't need his owner's permission to get what he wanted. All he needed was a little bit of mouse-sized game and a whole lot of balls.
As a man who had a mentally ill alt bpd gf (yes she was a goth), I highly recommend staying away. I was abused for months and I'm still dealing with the social repercussions she caused me. Just find a nice human being who cares about you.
Listen to this man please. A good friend of mine found his bpd girlfriend from a psych ward too. It was fun until it wasn't. They are the last kind of people you want to love. The highs are not worth the lows.
Some of you are a special kind of retarded
Seriously! Heres the proof!
