Would you consider yourself to be sensitive/emotional? If so, do you think you're more sensitive than others? And how did it affect your life? 
I personally think most of the bad things in my life are because I'm really sensitive
i agree with you
i am a very sensitive male and i have had to suppress my feelings or hide them, and its taken a toll on me and the way i view myself
people think im really cold too
I cried on camera during my Zoom meetings because I was thinking about my great-grandparents who died in the 40s. I'm also a badass though, so nobody called me out on it.
I'm really sorry Anon. I think you shouldn't surpress or hide them, being sensitive is a really beautiful and rare thing, I think it's the most human quality one can have.
My bf is even more sensitive than me and cries a lot and it's one of the things I like most about him
My mother is that way and forced herself to hide her feelings because she couldn't fit in, but now she is cold with everyone, even her "friends" and it hurts to see.
You should be yourself. It will hurt you, but I think it's worth it. Stay safe
It's good people were respectful, usually they mock people, especially men, when they show emotion like that.
I'm sorry about your great-grandparents tho, even if it was a long time ago, it's sweet that you still care about them and remember them
Yes. I have mild autism and get very sensitive and have constant anxiety. It's caused me not to work or have any friends at 29 years old. I'm working on changing but it's hard to imagine holding a job for more than a few weeks
thank you for your words anon
being sensitive is rare, you are right, and while it is the most human think to have, self-preservation is the one that prevails. being sensitive leads to being berated, humilliated, etc., and even more so if you are a guy.
it's nice to hear that your bf can be sensitive around you, bevause that means he trusts you a damn lot. i really hope you both can ensure the safety of that environment!
it pains to see people like that, but sometimes people got their reasons... 
being oneself is nice, but its not like you are always allowed to be yourself. had i been myself during job interviews i would be jobless right now... life is a series of prisons, and "being someone else" can give you immense benefits at the cost of your mental health. sometimes, you just have no other choice.
Yes. 
I'm in my 30s and if anyone seriously criticized me in public I'd probably cry. I'm a pussy, and since I really have nothing to offer anyone, and nothing to be proud of, any sort of insult is going to cut me pretty deep. I've almost cried at work several times.
I'm not there today though, I stayed home and now I'm getting drunk. I get really anxious and upset if I go more than a day without drinking now. I always feel awful either way.
Yeah I'm a sensitive person deep down but it's been repressed so I have low EQ. I can't talk about emotions or feelings unless it's venting on anonymous forums but on the outside I'm very stoic.
I know what it's like, I'm sorry. I didn't go to highschool because of similar feelings. I managed to get a job at McDonald's tho. If I can do it, so can you dude. I believe in you. The first time will be fucking painful, but then you'll get used to it. Try to be on autopilot, the hard part is actually going there. Once you're there, you can't just run away, you have to stay and work and then you get at least a bit used to it. Maybe I'm not that wise tho since I've only been working for 3 months
i'm very sensitive and it's lead to me being a doormat.
i hate it but at the same time i'd still rather get stepped on than be mean.
 being sensitive leads to being berated, humilliated, etc., and even more so if you are a guy.
I know. People don't really feel empathy usually so they can't relate and they just look down upon you. They're the ones in the wrong, I would tell you not to care but I care so I'd be a hypocrite. 
 i really hope you both can ensure the safety of that environment!
Thank you, I really appreciate it. I think it's really good for sensitive people to stick together, it can form something really powerful 
 had i been myself during job interviews i would be jobless right now
Yeah, in contexts like that I think it's best if you put a facade on. But outside of work environments, I think it's good to show your true self a bit more. Just don't forget that precious side of yours is what I'm aiming for I guess. If you suppress it for so long, eventually you'll be so used to it you wont be able to show it even if you want to
Thanks. I have been putting in some applications and am just going to force myself to show up. At least the first day they won't expect me to do well anyway
I'm in my 30s and if anyone seriously criticized me in public I'd probably cry
I sometimes cry too or at least shake so hard I could produce energy, I get it.
 I really have nothing to offer anyone, and nothing to be proud of
I'm sure you have a lot to offer for people. I don't know you, but everyone has things they can offer. Even just being there for people sometimes or doing small things. And you don't have to be proud of anything big imo, people can be proud about anything, even things that might seem insignificant. You should give more credit to yourself. This might sounds shallow, but it personally really helped me. Even making my bed in the morning made me feel better and I learned how to be proud of it even if it seems dumb.
 I stayed home and now I'm getting drunk
I can't just tell you to quit, but maybe you could try something less dangerous for you..My grandpa died due to being an alcoholic. I don't know what your opinion on weed is, but maybe you should try that instead. It's still bad for you. but at least you can't die from it. Please, try to quit drinking and at least switch to something less bad. I'm really sorry, I wish I could help you more
people don't feel empathy...
this is also true. they are in the wrong, but sadly (and unironically) we live in a society, and have to deal with these people anyway...
its good for sensitive people to stick togheter
yeah, i think i wouldn't be able to compromise it in my friendships or partner. sensitive people can relate to each other and it creates the strongest bonds
outside of work
yeah. on top of being sensitive, i am really shy, so its hard for me to find people and be myself with them. i havent forgotten who i am, and i am glad i am sensitive despite all the bad things it has brought me. i need to suppress myself a bit less, you are right. thank you for your advice anon, you are a very kind person
I would consider myself sensitive.
I keep thinking about minor bad stuff that happens to me.
This probably sounds dumb, but maybe you could find someone on here who you could actually bond with and know them personally and STILL be able to talk about your emotions to them.
I used to wish that I was an asshole and a bully so I wouldnt get bullied anymore. But now I feel the same way as you. I'm sorry for your situation, I genuinely hope it'll get better for you.
Yes, I'm a very sensitive and emotional person.
Thanks anon, that post was very sweet of you. 
My grandpa died due to being an alcoholic. I don't know what your opinion on weed is, but maybe you should try that instead. It's still bad for you. but at least you can't die from it.
A handful of my family members destroyed their bodies with alcohol, but none of them actually died of it. I already smoke weed and cigarettes on top of drinking daily; I have a very hard time being sober or chemically occupied now. Weed is quite lovely in that it helps so many of my other physical issues, but my throat and lungs are becoming an increasing issue. I'm paranoid about getting a weed card because of my job (though rec and med are legal here).
But alcohol is by far the most damaging and brutal. I'm genuinely convinced that if opiates were always clean constantly available, they'd be far less of a problem than booze. When I was younger, I was concerned about weed damaging my memory, but after 6 years of daily use, it hasn't done much. 1.5 years of heavy drinking makes me forget I even forgot things half the time, and I feel slow as fuck mentally. 
I'm really sorry, I wish I could help you more
Thanks anon, it was nice to hear something nice today. I appreciate it very much.
 they are in the wrong, but sadly (and unironically) we live in a society
Well, they seem to be the majority, but there are some kind people who sadly try to blend in with them to fit in so it seems as if there's even more assholes
 i havent forgotten who i am, and i am glad i am sensitive despite all the bad things it has brought me
I'm happy to hear. I hope you'll never change. Take care Anon, you're amazing :)
I wish I could give you advice on that, but I'm the same and also have no idea on how to control it. Sometimes it helps to focus deeply on something like music or painting/drawing or cooking to stop myself from thinking about small things that hurt me. I know it's basic advice, but it does help
Maybe but I'm scared of falling in love with someone over the internet. I fall in love very easily and to be emotionally vulnerable means you have to take social responsibility and accountability. I was thinking about going to find a therapist to learn how to be more emotionally vulnerable but I don't want to pay for someone to hear me talk and overall I have a bad image of therapists.
I think I'm very emotional but I struggle to express it and come off as a cold person because of my avoidant attachment personality. 
I feel a lot but I end up bottleing my emotions. I'm unable to open up to people and I just deal with my emotions myself, which it ends in me feeling like shit. With time I have noticed that is easier for me to comunicate my feelings online, myabe is the anonymous context, idk but it has been pretty relieving.
Im very sensitive and my emotions go way too overboard
Would you consider yourself to be sensitive/emotional? If so, do you think you're more sensitive than others? 
By magnitudes 
And how did it affect your life? 
Made it shit. For instance I would never be able to pump and dump a chick because I'd put myself in their shoes and feel like shit
 I already smoke weed and cigarettes on top of drinking daily
You could switch to edibles. I never tried edibles, but I heard they're still pretty strong and since cigs don't really do anything besides affect your lungs, so you could try herbal ones instead. 
1.5 years of heavy drinking makes me forget I even forgot things half the time
I'm really sorry. Do you think rehab is a possibility for you? Does your job allow that?
Do you think rehab is a possibility for you? Does your job allow that?
Fun little HR factoid: Being an alcoholic that tries to seek help grants you legal protection from being fired in the US. Alcoholism (it's now literally just called "Alcohol Use Disorder") is considered a disability. So, continuing to be a drunkard only increases my job security, sadly. I've thought about going to AA meetings, mostly to see if I could become friends with other alcoholics.
So, maybe. I just don't see any point in becoming sober. I don't enjoy my life at all, except partially while intoxicated. 
Thanks for the thoughtful replies. Also, cigarettes are the least enjoyable, but hardest to go without. Going more than a few hours without nicotine drives me into an annoyed rage that makes me want to cry even more.
social responsibility and accountability.
have you considered that perhaps you would want to take both of these things, once you're fueled by love? Love is wild. I only worked enough to survive before I met my seamen demon qt patootie goth gf, and the way I navigated the world was really limited because I could only see myself the way other people did. And other people didn't see me at all. Now I have a really powerful tool at my disposal. I can see myself the way that she does, and she C's me as someone greater than myself.
Would you consider yourself to be sensitive/emotional? If so, do you think you're more sensitive than others? And how did it affect your life?
growing up i cried a lot and said hi to everyone in my school. i also was really sweet to people. i was kinda like butters. people liked me at first but then i realized human beings hate nice people. i got bullied constantly and by the 4th grade i didnt have any friends. i got taught very early on that assholes hate people like me. and i became an asshole after. now im trying to get back to being that sweet kid. i dont think i ever will fully tho.
I'm definitely sensitive and emotional. More than others? Probably not, I just never learned how to deal with my feelings like most normal people have. 
Living like this has been hard because I was surrounded by stone walls of people growing up, so I learned to only ever let anything out in uneasy privacy. This worked until I broke in my teens, and now I'm a mess. Still very sensitive and emotional, still dont know how to handle it as an adult.
Yes. I'm way too sensitive and emotional for my own good and that's particularly bad for me because I'm from a conservative and religious country where I'm constantly expected to be "the man of the house" and to be tough as shit 24/7. It stresses me out a lot and I can't cry because it makes things worse. I'm physically weak and mentally weaker and the environment around me really isn't helping. I am trying to change, but the path is long and difficult.
Yes, I am very sensitive and emotional.
Part of the reason I take hrt now, being on testosterone is just too soulless
22 y/o male. incredibly sensitive to the point where i dont want to get to know anyone because i dont want them to find something that they dont like about me. Im messed up in the head. I think its total narcissism and im not sure where it came from. At work someone told me i wasnt doing a good job and it nearly drove me to tears. I struggle with banter and ribbing aswell sometimes- i find i get quiet and fixate on something someone said, no matter how joking or untrue it is. just another reason to avoid people, im not fun to be around this way
I am extremely sensitive and emotional, but i hide it and suppress all emotion. I suffer alone.
I wish i wasn't this sensitive.
