I will respect and tolerate you even though you wish death upon me. Because I believe in kindness and love.
based divinity outputting lights from my rectangle
That is very sweet. Good girl.
Shut up and suck my cock already
Absolutely! You're my favorite trapazoid!
This kind of empathy is how I know your a man. Women don't care if men die. But thanks.
Huh I wonder why
I don't hate you but I'm confused
Why would you feel like you are a woman if you were born male?
these adjacent angles vary maybe but in the end we're 360 baby
Because the brain is a complicated thing and can have many different things wrong with it (from schizophrenia to gender dysphoria)
I get it, but still, if someone's a schizophrenic and aware of this enough to know there's something wrong I'd guess unless they have an episode and can't be self-aware enough during it they usually don't identify with what their delusions tell them? Wouldn't it be better to try and get help instead of identifying with your brain malfunction?
I fucking don't tranny, is like, you are actively asking for mockery against you with a shitty thread like this, I know you like it you whore
Unfortunately there isn't a cure for dysphoria. I can't take some meds and have it go away. 
What's worse is that it's not like I want to be an eagle or a wolf which is dumb, but there is a whole other half of humanity that lives the life I wish I had. Everytime I go outside I feel like shit. It's always in front of my eyes and just out of reach. 
My brain is wired to be feminine but unfortunately I am stuck with this body and all the bullshit social responsibilities it comes with.
This extremely incelish argument I see from a lot of trans women on 4chan feels very pathetic. It's fine to want to be the opposite sex and to want a different body but the social expectations of women are far greater than men in pretty much all areas. Women can more easily avoid work by deciding to marry a guy who's fine with his wife being a leech, but that's just one tally against a ton of other tallies not in their favor.
I'm an ugly guy who women don't find attractive at all and life has been perfectly fine for me. Like, it'd be better if I could more easily find sexual or romantic relationships, sure, and on average that's easier for women than for men, but that's just one aspect of life. There are so many other aspects where men have overwhelming advantages.
Most reasonable 4chan moid. You seem pleasant and have a good perspective of life anon keep it up.
I see. Still though, I feel like the right way here would be to try and pressure the society to accept that someone who's biologically man can be stereotypically feminine and there is nothing wrong with this. You won't hurt anybody by acting stereotypically feminine but implying that you're a woman because of this only perpetuates the stereotypes, don't you think? I'm a biological woman but there are quite a lot of gender stereotypes to which I don't conform and I'm glad that women in the past have worked hard so I can be relatively comfortable being the way I am without thinking that preferring to wear pants over skirts or not being good at makeup makes me a man somehow. I get that it's easier to say than do but I think it's the better way. To make the society understand that as long as the person doesn't hurt anybody it doesn't matter whether they conform to gender stereotypes and you should leave them alone even if you don't like it.
So why not just refer to them as trans women? The noun signifies they're still women and the adjective implies some biological difference, it really isn't any different than saying short woman, or tall woman, infertile woman, black woman, and so on, they're all slightly different from each other and yet they are all women.
Honestly it kinda annoys me that regardless of how OP started this thread, there are still people like you being like "Yeah I'm fine with society seeing you as a feminine man" you're spitting in her face, even though she was so nice to everyone.
So if incels and trannies are so much alike why can't we just be friends?
Women have a lot of social expectations, but most of them are based upon looks (which is shallow and it sucks if you weren't blessed)
Meanwhile male social expectations are much stronger and much more strictly enforced. 
1. Be wealthy, hardworking blue collar, or good looking to make up for bad employment (40 hours minimum)
2. Must have conversation skills (male autists are forever alone, female autists are seen as cute)
3. Must be confident and the initiator. If you weren't born with it, you won't have it because it's not what you are.
4. Looks. Height especially. 
What about expressions? Men cannot get too excited and they cannot cry (stone cold emotionless), that's reserved for women. Men cannot wear pretty clothing, they immediately get stares. 
Every action a man does is subconciously screened to see if it fits the stone cold expectation of masculinity. 
And the penalty of not conforming is MUCH MUCH greater for men. All the trans hate is directed at mtf. ftm is just "oh no another misguided tomboy got brainwashed this is a tragedy." mtf experience the violence and wrath of failing to live up to masculinity.
This isn't an incel wall of text. This is how the modern world functions if you go outside. If your personality doesn't align, you are fucked.
Yes please, trannies unironically do nothing but bennefitting incels, it's less competition and more potential partners, let's be fwends!
post discord
UwU i wanna b frens with yu
I would say whether being a male or a female has more advantages depends on the area of life and sometimes even the aspects of this area of life. Like I'd say when it comes to expressing your emotions it's more acceptable for women to cry (which isn't nice, men should be allowed to express their emotions freely as well as long as they don't hurt anybody), but angry women tend to be taken less seriously than angry men and are more likely to be perceived as hysterical which can be a problem when there's a very legitimate reason for them to be angry. I'm not sure how it's in the West but here when it comes to the career women have to jump through hoops of their potential employers constantly asking about whether they have or want children and all answers can be off-putting for the employers:
a)She doesn't have children but wants to in the future? No, I don't wanna pay thw maternity leave
B)She has young children? No, that's too unstable, her children might get sick and she'll have to take a leave or she might be too focused on her family to be a good employee 
C)She has children but they're already grown-up? She's kinda old though, I would prefer someone younger to work here
D) She has no children and doesn't want to in the future? She might be either lying or just being too young and will want to have children eventually and then I'll have to pay the maternity leave. Or there is something wrong with her, why wouldn't a normal woman want children?
But when it comes to men choosing certain career options that are typically female-dominated they also have to face societal pressure to conform but I'd guess that even successful men in such fields rarely get the respect successful women in male-dominated fields might get
hello cumbers
hiiiiiyyaaa
^_^ edited to be original
Because there is nothing inherently womanly about being stereotypically feminine and it's all just societal BS. I'm not trying to be mean but I want to understand how perpetuating gender stereotyping is better than working to demolish it all together and just let people live their lives however they want with their sex only affecting physical stuff rather than social?
post discord
UwU i wanna harass n bully with yu
ChibiPaw#6365
I believe everyone should be able to have whatever sex hormones they wish in their body, and be whatever gender they want.
Personally I am into bodybuilding - I want to have huge muscles, long hair, and 10% body fat. That's how I visualize myself and it causes me distress when I look in the mirror and do not see that. 
So I have sympathy for trans women who feel similarly in the opposite direction
So let's say we manage to hypothetically take down gender stereotypes, what happens now? Are you now going to refer to OP as a woman?
oh you're in California too?
sweet
It's all social bullshit. I want to be who I want to be. I'm not gonna criticize your post, even though I wanted to originally. It's so distressing and just sad when you're forced to go with the flow because otherwise the tidal wave swallows you.
Why would there be a need to if being a man or a woman would just affect physical things like certain aspects of healthcare?
Yes, I agree. Although I would say a better world is possible but it would require time and effort to challenge societal expectations
I don't hate you and I think you will always be a woman and you will always be giga hot :)
Because people would still identify as men or women, the only difference is people would have the freedom to express themselves as they please the most without fear of being seen as less of a man/woman for it.
I don't see a point in hating trans people. They seem to hate themselves a lot of the time enough as it is.
Then I would say there's no need to refer to the OP if them being a man or a woman would only affect physical parts of their lives but not social ones
It would affect both social and physical parts of her life, I feel like you are trying to evade the question now.
Every transgirl I've ever talked to has turned out to be fucking insane, intensely narcissistic, and fundamentally disgusting.
Of course you do you sad lonley fucking mess
How would it affect social parts of their lives? When it comes to physical parts of their lives it would make sense for women to get healthcare related to female reproductive system and for men to get healthcare related to male reproductive system so I'd say if you need healthcare for male reproductive system it would make sense to call you a man
Socially, not being referred to as their preferred gender has terrible consequences on the mental and physical health of the trans person, so it plays a role you were seemingly trying to ignore despite having been told about by OP herself.
There you go trying to justify so hard wanting to refer to them as men, you little weasel, if we acknowledge that the adjective trans in front of the noun woman implies a different set of genitals despite still being a woman, then you don't get to use that excuse anymore, not to mention how this logic fails to address intersex people as well, it's inherently flawed.
Isn't it something that should be worked out with a therapist? I'd guess being affected badly by not being referred to as the opposite of your sex means you already have mental health problems you need to work on. For me it seems similar to how some people want to be Korean or Japanese while not actually being Korean or Japanese. I understand that saying they're not Korean/Japanese might affect their mental health badly but it seems there is an underlying problem with the lack of self-worth that manifests in needing to feel like you belong to some other group of people in order to feel good. But in the end of the day, isn't it basically a lack of self-worth that perpetuates such needs and being uncomfortable with who you really are? It seems to me like just accepting them as Korean/Japanese would make the surface problem go away but it won't help the underlying lack of self-worth that will likely manifest in other problems later on
It isn't merely a lack of self worth, it's literally how gender dysphoria works, and there is nothing any therapist could do to alleviate it, the only known remedy is to transition socially and medically, to have people support you and refer to you as your preferred gender, it's literally the only thing that has been proven to work time and time again, do you understand now why it's paramount for them to be referred to as their gender of choice and why I have been hammering on this point the entire time? OP didn't mention it, but I can assure you that when you referred to her as a feminine man, it really hurt her.
VKLFDVDJFNGBJGNDSLF;J
Truth and digits.
if ur tran the body is what seems like the malfunction. ur brain aligns more with what u feel
Totally nailed what I was thinking
