Since being Chad is totally determined by genetics what is the highest tier you can achieve without Chad genes? Chad-lite?
Pedo meme.
It was probably made by a teenage girl lol
Realistically?
A jacked retard.
But potentially, you become rich and famous and can now do what ever you want.
Lift and make money, retard. It's not rocket science
Yes but Ill never be 6'+ so I cant be Chad by definition
Issue with guy on the right (besides being 5'2"-5'3") is his face is average af. If he had a pretty boy face, he would have more women flocking
holy fucking jesus christ, dude
absolutely BRUTAL
cope. its about face and height and NT. lots of decently paid men get no pussy
Is the gymcel meme just that?
A lazy excuse for people to not put in the work?
cope. its about face and height 
No fucking shit. Not an excuse to do nothing with yourself 
and NT
no idea what that is 
False. Height is the number one factor, but with enough money, even the ugliest of goblins can find a gold digger. Pic rel. Being short though is life on beyond difficult mode. Basically a deformity and makes life multipliers more difficult than those with average to above average height
but you'll get male respect for what it's worth
who fucking cares about 
honestly? I want pussy, not the admiration of some schmos on the internet
main point was that it's fun. also, women's respect and adoration is absolutely worthless. who do you think will go down in history as a respected individual, Jesus Christ or Jacob Sartorious? obviously the former. that's because men respect you for things that are worth respecting. women just praise you unconditionally if your jaw's wide enough. an attractive dude that can play nothing but wonderwall on guitar will get chicks while the ugly dude that can play the kissing the shadows solo won't, but the latter's obviously the more impressive and the glory involved is far greater.
who could have seen this coming?
also OP this meme is clear pedo bait please die
Dancing monkey
why do young girls like right instead of left? right is basically just a random kid that actually looks properly hygenic and has a social media presence
this
Be the best version of yourself. 
People who gets hung up on comparing themselves to other people come off as very insecure.
they're both equally deadeyed, doing nothing, with similar clothing. this just goes to show the level of delusion. chad is automatically sexy and anyone else just isn't trying hard enough i guess.
