why do men change so much after they settle down with a woman?
Relationships quite literally change men neurochemically. Especially if they have kids with the chick
Mating inducing changes in neurology, endocrinology, behavior, etc. is pretty common across species. Which makes perfect sense, adapting to have a higher chance of successfully raising offspring is literally reproductive fitness
often time they'll change because they want to avoid offending the wife. It's the same as being tamed, I think.
It's mostly because their social circles change, they don't hang out with other single males
The prioritization of independence implied by the typically negative connotation of being "tamed" *is* literally maladaptive if you're now responsible for ensuring the welfare of a group of people and not just yourself, thoughever. Maybe dogs are a good example; though they were in some sense cucked by being domesticated it produced a symbiotic relationship between our two species to our mutual advantage (also, talk about lucking out evolutionarily that in exchange for a few thousand years of maintaining vigil around our camps at night and helping us hunt that they're now the beloved allies of the species that took over the entire planet)
lame, he could've plenty provided for her without becoming a cuck(figurative) or a cuck (literal)
qed women ruin men
You testosterone drops a good degree after wife for a few years and then having a kid 
I honestly think it's just a type of guy. Some people get married and stay about as they were, other do radical shifts in personality. I think the heart of it was were they doing what they were doing for the sake of it or was getting a mate/starting a family unit part of what drive them?
Why did he do it bros? Why did he castrate himself?
https://twitter.com/CommentCoppedd/status/1639244713222873088
THATA HIA GIRFLFRIEND, GOD SHES HIDEOUS WITH THAT LESBIAN HAIRCUT AND HER SKIN ALL DOODLED UP
i rarely feel sympathy for sex havers, but he has suffered more than most of this board, if not everyone on it. what a wicked bitch he's tied to
what did she do how bad is she?
Who is that, Hutch? SeaNanners' old friend?
