Holloway edition
It's a lush
Cheers x
Was in town today overheard a conversation. Didnt get much of it but it went likethis
Im not being racist but...
thats absolute niggler
youll be shovelling shite all day
itll be a horrible job
not really sure of the context. was that a joke? was he being coy in his racism? was he referring to a foreign boss? who knows.
Probably somewhere easy like France on the Eurostar.
Need to do some more caravan park editons, maybe a Butlins.
I can drive you to Paris in the boot of my car
Have a crack at making a new thread next time lad, I was surprised we made it past 500 without anyone making a fresh one
This is Shut in Chad
It's 300 quid return, how would you pay for it?
Looks like David Mitchell to me.
If youre a shutin its your fault tbqhwy. Go outside. Being a chud is playing the victim card
I want to be adored I want to be amazing but ill do nothing to work towards being more whole as a person
Chuds make themselves
Wouldn't want you to get caught for people smuggling. Plus I couldn't trust you.
Money isn't too much of an issue. I'd have to claim some bennies.
https://youtu.be/61FPP1MElvE?list=PL75iSW76AqFmZgkYFEpKmPa1KsFmyRBXi&amp;t=82 [Embed]
a newly refashioned symbiotic between the two adversiers was born
I want to be adored
Corrrr
Can't believe him and Helen are still together. It's been about half a year now. How does she put up with him?
I'd have to claim some bennies.
Which you won't do.
Fuckin' 'ell, nice triples. Have you got a favourite caravan park?
I still think she is his carer tbqh. Either that or she is lonely af
I would make out with mihai at a party desu
His bf wouldn't be too happy about that
Why won't Ruthmong claim benefits?
Need to leave the house to get to the job centre.
Imagine being a complete shutin. must be hell. I feel like going insane after 3 or more days indoors. 2 starts to feel weird. even 1 is lazy feeling
You can do it all online these days.
he'd have to walk past all the chads and staceys shagging in the job centre queue, not good for his mental health
A worrying thought. Even so...
She really deserves a great life. A good person with a good outlook on life. She will make the world a slightly better place.
At some point he'll have to meet someone face to face which he won't do. Covid would have been the perfect time for him to ease into the benny system since in person meetings were cancelled for a bit.
I read about that. Last time they said I had to go in for an assessment and that was out of town. Imagine if I didn't know how to use a bus or train. It's totally discriminatory towards people with social anxiety.
Imagine if I didn't know how to use a bus or train
They'd take their carer with them.
at a parteehh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNwQP5Z0HM [Embed]
How does it feel to know you made her life worse?
trevs wrong link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg [Embed]
You deprived all her fans of new videos. How does that make you feel?
He honestly couldn't care less. That's the sort of person he is.
Video Game Warlord is inconsolable
Good night lads. Was pretty decent thread tonight.
I don't think I did. She was probably meaning to stop for a while to focus on her studies. It was all starting to feel stressful for her feeling the need to do something for free. She could do it still whenever she wants because 99% of people are supportive. She wouldn't just stop for a few bad apples.
How the fuck do you even go about getting a job? Do you need a CV for everything? I'm looking at a "kitchen hand" position, do I give them a CV or just show up and be like "I have two hands and a semi-functional brain, can I have the job"?
Goon night
It's not harassment talking about someone here. That's all I do.
Nah she would. You are in denial about this but it's obvious to everyone else that she stopped because you scared her
semi-functional brain
I dunno lad, you hang out here
It is if it bothers her. Its the implication that you know this too. Which you do. I think you'd get arrested if anyone bothered to explain the situation in depth. theyd at the minimum get in contact with ruth and ask her thoughts on the matter. if it turns out it is effecting her in a significant way is a straight forward process thereafter.
azwa
abood
they all worship the pretty white girls. see names like this a lot on asmr comments. I guarantee they have no interest in their own race.
It's so ridiculous for unskilled jobs.
hurr let me prove I am worthy enough of being paid the legal minimum and taken advantage of
I'm looking at a "kitchen hand" position
Where are you looking? If it's online, fill in whatever form it is.
I do care. It's her choice. Only a few girls continue to make asmr for more than few years. A lot of them get bored and find new interests. She'll be taken advantage of her adult life now so will be going out more with friends and on holidays.
It's not illegal to discuss someone here. Plus they would not waste resources on an American hosted site. Simply wouldn't be any viable evidence. I've done nothing wrong. I may have acted a bit weird at the worst.
It's online, but the place is a five minute walk away. Is it good to just show up in person to ask about the job?
It's not illegal
Your auditmong is showing. Doesn't make it nice or decent does it?
I had a look out of curiosity. Azwa is a gamer and Abood is an Arabic guy heavily into planes.
Nah it's because one of you left a comment about me. As if she would stop when 99% of people support her. Clearly she wants to focus on other things in life. She does not owe anyone anything.
Listening to music from the Lord of the Rings and getting all emotional again
Just fill out the online thing. If you show up there's a chance you'll be told to do it online anyway.
She replied with "I know, I've seen it." 
And by "it", she meant you. You scared her. Doesn't matter if 99% of people support her, if one weirdo scared the shit out of her
You forgot the :/
4chan is a scary place for most people, nevermind a teenage girl
I doubt a few comments on her bothers her. She'd have to go out of her way to read those comments. There is no wrongdoing here. I may act a bit weird but I love her really. I only wanted to see what you guys think of this lovely person.
Planes and arabs don't go well together do they?
Abood is a more respectful fan than ruthmong
It's obvious it did bother her from her own words and deeds.
I am only obsessed with her. I don't mean no harm. I am a troubled person.
Emirates, Etihad and Qatar are three of the best airlines in the world
Cor, it's got late.
A friend recommended "Locke" starring Tom Hardy to me. Was kino. To be fair Tom Hardy is a gurantee of kino.
Alri Abood
I know I may have taken it a bit far but that's just because I am lonely. I've said a few silly things (someone else has impersonated me btw) but most of it is just comedic or praising her.
I bet Abood has a fully countersigned passport
inshallah the ferocious bully of kind ruth will be struck down and she will return to recording videos very pleasantly
That could only happen if I broke the law, which I didn't. Even then it would be a difficult process to prove. She would not want all that hassle because I'd be claiming I'm innocent (which I am).
Goodnight there de lids. I've stayed up too long, silly me.
Is it really these days? I know girls tend to overreact with their emotions (like crying over someone they don't even know).
Abood and Video Game Warlord kicking the shit out of Ruthmong in his back garden. His neighbours looking over the fence and laughing
Looks like someone was banned
He may well be normie but I don't think he could love her as much as I would. She means the world to me. I've had dreams about her and woke up depressed when it wasn't reality.
You know nothing about normal human emotions lad
Banned for defending r ruth from ruthmong? Very peculiar, wonder what he did. Might have been spamming reports or something.
Probably some split personality. See this lad is probably a nasty person and tries to convey me as someone bad to make himself feel better. His true colours have been shown.
I dunno I feel like Abood has a lot of love in his heart
What a coincidence. I feel the same way about Abood himself
Looks like he announced a report. Nanny hates that kind of behaviour
If anything this just proves that multiple people think you're not being very nice.
That saddo tried to get to me laurel dreams but she wasn't having any of it. She continues to make her asmr. Though she did delete a bunch of videos.
Add me to the list of people who think Ruthmong isn't being very nice. To say the least.
Ruth thinking about BAC (Big Abood Cock)
Does this look like the face of a woman that can be walked over? No you can't fuck around with her. Feminist and proud one.
tried to get to me laurel dreams
What did he mean by this
Ruthmong, your rival Abood is a plastic surgeon https://dr-abood.co.uk/
Maybe he can fix your incel skull shape
Do you think she would like having her face posted on 4chan dot org slash r9k, the notorious website full of angry incels?
Abood would never
I'm not that type of incel. Don't lump me with the fucked up ones.
She is more affected by silly people leaving nasty comments. It ruins her day. Me posting funny pictures here is not a concern. 
https://vocaroo.com/1nPBlH3hjjZu
Can see the article now
Warped Stalker sent THREE THOUSAND depraved messages in the space of ONE YEAR on INCEL FORUM
Made me out to be a weird person and then started saying weird ass shit about her (impersonating me).
No she isn't. Not like that at all. Only in your warped imagination.
SHAT PANTS on way to jail, stated "they've already been SHAT THREE TIMES, not shitting my pants a FOURTH TIME won't get me a girlfriend" leaving investigators BAFFLED
soggy joggers, thrice shat
Are you really middle aged at 30 years old lads? I guess a lot of younger people see older people that way. Very depressing to think about desu.
https://vocaroo.com/1cPpsvBoKTo3
These both sound fucking disgusting lmao is this what you're spending 16 hours a day obsessing over?
Now imagine if I called a 30yo woman "middle aged" in a public space. I'd be arrested for hate crimes.
Women that are in their 30s are more likely to be menopausal and have higher chances of producing an unhealthy child (autism).
He's getting angry, he's getting riled up, he's going to start auditposting any minute now. He's stomping his webbed feet on the floor of his childhood bedroom in excitement
I'm not obsessing for 16 hours a day. She has a nice whisper voice, though I don't really like her normal voice. I'm guessing when she learnt English, she picked up the American dialect.
https://vocaroo.com/1brl24z1siZO
me as the one clinging to the guitarist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd7a2Bwt_xM [Embed]
very soulful thank you mihai
Shall be watching her squid facts video soon. Very cute and intelligent girl who watches National Geographic.
wash your stinky joggers ruthmong
Oh sir Abood,
What shall I do,
I'm feeling kind of sick of ruthmong posting blues
Imagine if there's a mad gunman going around shooting people and several people are hiding somewhere in a building. He's already been around town shooting up multiple places. The government issues their emergency alert protocol to all phones within that area. Now everyone who is trapped will have their phones set off with a loud siren. He then finds them and unloads several rounds into them.
Great work government protecting your citizens. Shall be keeping it off personally. It will do more harm than good. It will be used for silly weather alerts.
Very cool cheers mate
Ruth would not date any random person. She's got a white boyfriend anyway.
What's that got to do with George Formby?
youre most welcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOfYent6UHQ [Embed]
i literally have the same jumper as the guy in commnity
He's been "unmasked" for ages. He only covers up just to troll others when they try to do cambacks. Can't believe normal people don't do their research. He thinks GDPR applies to him because his videos earn revenue. If this was the case, the the BBC would have to censor everyone's face out in a news video.
https://youtu.be/T5t76D3zmMI?t=255 [Embed]
r george would treat ruth right, not like the scruffs on here
600 subs vs 113k subs. Yep this guy is jealous big time. His bait was so weak. He doesn't have the balls to this himself.
This video is from 2021. People keep acting like he's been unmasked have no fucking clue. He's a good man and you can tell he wants to stick up for our rights.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvFdrX_d_pQ [Embed]
*CLANG*
AUDITPOSTING HAS NOW BEGUN
*CLANG*
ASMRPOSTING IS DONE FOR THE DAY
*CLANG*
GET YER AUDITS IN
*CLANG*
stupid bint needs slapping up
based clang man
From this comment I can tell you are out of her league. Low-tier male.
wheres are helperlad
https://youtu.be/eOfYent6UHQ?t=11 [Embed]
i loved falling asleep/passing out on the way back from the grand canyon to las vegas
oh just deal with them i dunno
inshallah he is enjoying a deep and peaceful sleep
Finishing off me wooze then garn beddingtons. Me so called "mate" stormed out because we couldn't get another wag sorted. Daft cunt doesn't know when to call it a day.
Daft cunt doesn't know when to call it a day
that is incredibly rich coming from you marra
Little lying lad. Little lad who tells lies. Little lying lad who tells lies for attention online.
Finishing off this wooze then I'm garn beddingtons I'm not the one clucking for another line. Some people can't be helped I'm afraid.
Some people can't be helped I'm afraid
Shame innit
Still don't care
Sunlin sunlin, sunlin AFC
Not very good
At football at all
Finishing off me weers then garn beddingtons. Blocked them numbers like. Nobody messes welper about. Cheers x
trying to fix my sleep patten for the nightshift tonight
Wishing everyone except HHL a calm and fruitful day, may the road rise up to meet you my lovely lads.
Garn neck these crisps then I'm garn beddingtons. What a fucking scumbag me so called "mate" is. 
Garn ignore him for a few months after tonight lmao.
Think I'll go bunker mode for a few months. Keep a low profile. Need a fresh start x
Know where I stand now.
Won't be making that mistake again.
I fucking hate your queen. She's gone. It's 2023 and she has be dead this entire year, she ain't coming back. You will be conquered by Islam. If you value your life, emigrate to the superior USA and integrate yourself into us. We beat you. We won the Revolution. Take off your red coat and become an American, brits
Fuck the Queen, King and the whole royal family. Means nothing to me as working-class northerner.
Rather have a president of mackem origin if that's alright with you my leeeeed x
Most reasonable Brit in this thread. You might be human
Well, I'm off to beddingtons. Don't care about drink anymore. Don't care sniff anymore. Don't care about "friends" anymore. Just don't care.
Gonna do my own thing from now on whatever the case. Don't blame me x
just woke up, work in 30, slept fairly well, had a strange dream though
Relapsed bit too much on the wokey and excessive drinking so I'm garn monk mode for a while. Necking this wustlerz then garn beddingtons.
Priorities. Priorities. Priorities.
Well that's me wustlerz finished off. Garn beddingtons now. Garn monk mode again after tonight. If you have a problem with that well I don't give a shit.
Off to kippingtons. Night lids x
another grim performance by sean
Fockin ell proper good sleepingham this was
Kinda weird-ish dreams too but whatever, least they were't actual nitemareingtonshires
She'll be 30 in 7 years. She will be middle aged.
i turn 34 tomorrow
God I'll be 40. Old man. Shall not be here that's for sure.
Happy birthday old man. Only half way through life.
The eggs will be expiring, the attention from men will diminish. She will have a middle aged crisis. Maybe she will get a cat as she doesn't want children. Any woman who has children is selfish anyway. Biggest carbon emitters are women and their spawn.
used to cum inside females a lot when i was younger, nowadays i live a solitary life
I can't take women who pretend to care about Earth Day seriously. They harm the environment more than men with their cosmetics, materialism and plastic containers.
 Boris Johnson referred to himself as "the Fuhrer" and "the King" as he sharply criticized his former chief adviser Dominic Cummings, according to excerpts from a new book "Johnson at 10" published on Sunday by UK newspaper The Times.
Gonna file this one w/the based dept
Never did that once. Definitely not now with Tinder and every female wanting some wealthy Chad.
He thinks he can leave
Copped a laffingtonshire dere m8
My life would've turned out better had there have been intimate relationships. Look at all those shitty, nasty guys getting free puss because of their Chad genes.
There have been a few people that have left, tilde, homless chan, scea, truckerbot, crona. Some of them might be dead idk
want to do some gardening but its raining
It's really sad to think about. I expect some were failed normies and got their shit together. Others like me have no hope. Suicide is the only way for incels... especially if they've already turned to being hateful.
People that defend women are having plenty of sex. If they suddenly were refused their basic primal needs, they'd certainly wouldn't be so nice after a few years.
Couldn't do that me. Will want an apartment without a garden. Too much effort.
6.25 and hes already pumping out his incel drivel
There is no hope, its just pain endurance now
There is no justice and there are no good people
We all gooning in life X
I'm feeling like i should be skimming thru all of the storage room boxes today, at a nice and easy yet also steady pace 
Maybe i'll run into those damn clothes and some of those exercise masheens i bought
It doesn't last, once your into your 30s and your libido drops what will you do then?
i will get a job and a gf and live a normal life
I hope so. Better to get on that sooner rather than later
i wonder if poley is into gooning
Isn't it great lads. It Monday. Another 5 days of pretending to care about colleagues' lives, corporate values, customer needs, performance targets, risk management, skills training, personal development, team cohesion, your network, your personal brand, team meetings, 'quick catch ups', your manager needing a favour, overtime opportunities.
Fuck it all.
Truckbot26 dips in and out occasionally
Monday is optional for me, so I've decided to not go in and just doss about
Yea it's shit but the alternative is to have nothing to live because you have no money other than to keep yourself alive, no social interactions, no skills, no self-worth, every day is the same with nothing to look forward to, turning to alcohol, turning to drugs, turning to crime, jail, less money, less friends, even family abandons you, self-hatred, no escape from the vicious cycle.
Stay in work. Don't be me.
Going to start a protest movement called 'just stop countersignatures', will be throwing stink bombs at passport control booths in airports and the eurostar. Will blockade the entrance to the passport office in Peterborough. Will be streaking stark bollock naked across the green at the world bowls championship
Been trying to reach these FUCKING assholes for over a week now at this point
It genuinely does boggle the mind
Why even have a [redacted] if you never answer the goddamn fockin phone anyways
they probably just dont pick up when they see your number
And i've had it with this FUCKING lampstand and the fucking things crawling around in/emerging from there all the time too now
Gonna take the thing apart later, maybe there's a nest in there from improper storage at the warehouse or sommet
mould mites been crawling around in the laptop again.
73074639
I know the relationshit looks to be over, but she might find that she is preggers in a couple of weeks and come back to you
Gonna try calling two or three more times now, otherwise i'll just turn up there in person before the hour is up 
Really cannot afford to let this one slide any longer
that is really creepy, glad i live in a big city and not the country side
Yeah definitely looks like i'll hafta turn up in person as a very last resort then
No one EVER fucking picks up the line there, either that or it's """busy"""
I'm working Saturday, lad.
Feel like adding another day onto my usual torture, need the money bad honestly.
Seeing Ione Wells on the telly is always nice
Proper cutie 
My Journalist-fu 
xx
Where are you calling
FINALLY got this bullshit locked down now, on the penultimate try no less
Operation storage box skimthru will be a go within the next 60 i reckon
Nice and womfy
Morbidly obese german bloke with earmuffs
Vaxxies are so fucked, i see them shivering and dragging themselves along like their life depended on it
Take your clotshot already.
I want to join the aryan brotherhood
You will slave in your dead end job until you are no longer needed. Enjoy your new week wagies.
He needs to be sacked asap. Boomer pig needs a sense of fucking humour. Swearing and using threatening words in public is against the law. Imagine being this fucking miserable. Tyrant.
https://youtu.be/4-IOC_lHEQ8 [Embed]
Its nice to be needed, you get a sense of worth from it
Sez i have a nu msg on me mailbox oh boi
Kinda lowkey think i know what's it going to be, but maybe i'm wrong on this
i think my cat wants to shag
Biff. Big, irritable, fat fuck. That's what he said to the photographer.
Thought this was going to be the gold-digging gf due to me not logging into the client until the dedline is up heh
Turns out it was just a cunt from the other place calling me back to offer an earlier slot 
Like what the hell, the appointment is locked in already so just leave it at that
You just come into my face you muppet. I'm a Preston lad. I ain't a football lad ere.
based. don't fuck with reggie.
yup defo needs a mass audit that sergeant.
But I'll never be needed for anything that will benefit me such as love.
Women are incapable of "love" me laddie
They love the idea of you but never the true "you"
This is one of the hardest pills to swallow about wahminoids for sure, yet a crucial one nonetheless
One of me earliest (probably the earliest) postingtonshires about the gf there corr
She really is an unique one, and it's exceedingly unlikely i'll be coming across a specimen like her ever again
Fart a lot 
Air stinks
The frick
Bit over 10 houringtons then i'll consider the dedline expired and check the client i fink 
Tomorrow morning is the latest i could reasonably cancel the other appointment for the [redacted] as well, so that's right on schedule then
at work atm, might retire to the office toilet soon for a wank
Bit over 10 houringtons then i'll consider the dedline expired and check the client i fink
Tomorrow morning is the Iatest i could reasonably cancel the other appointment for the [redacted] as well, so that's right on schedule then
Went to a Gay sex Britain meeting recently and everyone was watching the snooker, just glued to the big screen in the bar. Thought it would be more social but the people there cared more about the frame than interacting with new people
Phwoarrr can feel the downernibbas kicking in proper now i fink
Neurodivergence is a way of being, not a health condition. Educate yourself
Phwoarrr can feeI the downernibbas kicking in proper now i fink
Autism is a health condition
Came on my gf's face last night and she was not best pleased
Now i can't be arsed w/the storage boxes anymore kek
Garn catch up on the brekkie now i fink
Now l can't be arsed w/the storage boxes anymore kek
Garn catch up on the brekkie now i fink
Ezekiel 23:20
car accident a few years ago
suffer broken leg
get nice pay out
leg not fully recovered (most of the time its fine)
play on injury in work so i dont have to work 40+ hours and work 12 days on to get 2 days off
tfw only work 24-30 hours each week
Fuck all that bollox for minimum wage tbqh
Soundspacker using his hackerspacker powers to bypass the double posting rule
Soundspacker using his hackerspacker powers to bypass the double posting ruIe
Soundspacker using his hackerspacker powers to bypass the doubIe posting rule
Ruth 3:9
Ruth 4:13
Another fulfilling day ahead for the dossers of /britfeel/
The drivelometer is rising quite rapidly
Alri parrot anon.
sean is sleeping atm
The drivelometer is rising quite rapidIy
Fucking finally.
Finishing off me wooze then garn beddington
03:02
Finishing off me weers then garn beddingtons
04:19
Garn neck these crisps then I'm garn beddingtons
04:59
Well, I'm off to beddingtons
05:29
Well that's me wustlerz finished off. Garn beddingtons now
05:54
Another fulfilling day ahead for the dossers of /britfeeI/
Another fulfilIing day ahead for the dossers of /britfeel/
Drivel approaching critical levels now, I dare say this very post may be duplicated
Another fulfiIling day ahead for the dossers of /britfeeI/
She isn't a religious girl.
im not a dosser, i retired young and now just enjoy my days
Imagine getting gifted stuff from your wishlist just for being a cute white girl. Literal easy mode being a girl and having a few loyal simps.
Go to bed already ruthmong.
Yet again dossing is on the agenda.
Hard hitting post this.
I woke up early today. 9.30, which is early for me. So pretty sleepy right now. Gonna go sleep for a couple more hours now. Night laddos.
Not him but, it's true, I'd also add save as much as you can. I only had 5k saved when I had to stop working, it did not last long.
I only have 7k. But I live with parents who pay all the bills so realistically I will neet for at least a decade now I think. Life is fucking shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZSCSVokoUI [Embed]
shed rather date this ugly rat looking fuck than a lad like me. im so done.
I'm having trouble sleeping. I can't get no sleep. Oh if I could only get some sleep.
plain jane she is. white men didn't want her.
I need to ring the energywankers, nip to the supermarket, and contemplate planting some seeds, then I can get my doss on, as the Americans say.
I kept changing the alarm when it went off this morning. Went from 08:30 to 09:45.
so glad I didn't get mentally ill enough to throw all my money at random girls online. never simp.
Absolutely massive diarrhea just now holy fuck
I worked and got no new friends and girlfriend. Never falling for it again. NEET life now. Society will not be getting any more labour from me. Fuck this country so much.
/fulfilIing /i:op:no;boards:r9k
Society when ruthmong doesn't get a job
I gained like 5lbs and now I'm fat fuck off glass houses cheating cunt
if she doesn't post, I'm heading straight there and demanding answers. no one stopping me. simple as.
Abood has a better life than you.
but i do. i do not understand why these kind of women start dating these rat looking foreigners when white lads like me would do fucking anything for them. i once saw one cutie white women with some fucking curry in town last summer holding hands and laughing and i just do not understand why.
I'll be scaling the roof ready to jump and won't come down.
No he doesn't. He just wishes white girls would love him.
Have a friend on my steam friends list that has 275 hours played past 2 weeks. He NEETs it up all day, lives at home and plays Black Desert 24/7. He's 31 years old.
ruthmong seething, wailing, gnashing his teeth at his mum
abood enjoying his favourite hobby (looking at aeroplanes), smiling serenely
This is all women's fault. Why pursue a life knowing you won't ever be desired? I don't blame the lad.
ready to jump and won't come down.
Won't jumping make you go down?
Except ruthmong probably can't operate a bicycle
I blame his parents honestly. I went to school with him and I remember his parents were coddling him way too much. He was treated like a literal baby by them for far too long.
True but no one should have to go that way. All I wanted was for a normie life and I can't get that. Fuck it.
The best thing a parent can do is throw their son out by 18 if he isn't in education or working.
I can but haven't in ages. I was a happy boy then.
He who sniffeth his own fartingtons shall be getting hit with the stank
Gonna try and sleep now. Hope I don't dream of her and wake up sad.
Life can be shit at times, especially when other people are involved. 
I hope you don't an hero, but I've been close a few times, so know that feel.
It's ruthmong, he won't do shit. Drama queen.
based abood looking forward to duxford flying day next month
heh nice one. saved this image.
He does this every time, waiting for his mates to wish him a goodnight LMFAO
t. Moshe Ben ishmael
I see we also got the classic
Know where I stand now
that he says literally every time he's in a drunken strop
reminder: i have the same jumper as the guy from community
what a weird coincidence
don't talk to me in that manner
https://youtu.be/Ujc7yDuOCWY [Embed]
mind your own business then stupid cow.
Don't know why these auditors waste their breath responding back to these grumps. Just stay silent and watch the NPC struggle to keep their composure.
I think I will sow some seeds today. I sowed some scotch bonnet chilli's the other month, but there was only 1 worth keeping.
Today I'll sow, swiss chard, onions and carrots, and some beetroot, as well as getting things sorted for the French beans.
I don't know how you get away with posting pictures of yourself every day.
Rare monday off and i'm spending it building gunpla and listening to music. Comfy
or play beach volley
or met a new yorker writer yeah in the middle of nowhere aland
we had fun talking
cant believe it either
What is the pla short for? Remember when everyone decided that cosplay was a word so that they didn't have to call their hobby "playing fancy dress". 
Why can't you just call your hobby building models? It's far less bad than playing fancy dress
its because no one gives a fuck
Scotch bonnet chili, seedling.
Small, but hopefully flourishes.
that's a weed
based and garden pilled
Definitely not a Scotch Bonnet, and I'm almost certain that it's not a chilli varietal at all.
Why would he lie to us like that?
Kek these things grow through the cracks in my pavement. Nigga has no idea. 
If you're trying to germinate you'll need the soil to be wetter than that.
how do you manage to grow chillies through the pavement?
Superior skill and forbidden knowledge. Next question PLEASE
All this shit about twitter blue checks is absolutely retarded bros
Plastic surgeon commenting on an ugly girls videos
Abood is just grooming his next client
sosig roll x2
woffee
Lunch is sorted de lads
Ruth getting impregnated by soundspacker and uploading "belly rub ASMR in 8 months time"
Just lefties upset about having to pay for a service they need but don't support.
Welcome to the real world.
Avocado, spinach, cheese and ham sandwich in the air fryer. Bag of crisps on the side. 
Oh yeah I'm thinkin it's LUNCH time
No it's not just lefties, it's Elon fanboys sucking his cock and acting like retards
it's Elon fanboys sucking his cock and acting like retards
it's Elon fanboys
Have we got ourselves a little Elon fancier here? Come on lad, stick to the Apus you can afford
Independent thinkers when you insult their favourite celebrity
social media is for old fucks and npcs 
Who gives a fuck about le heckin blue tick
Embarrassing display here
kek, I wanted to use that one but didn't have it to hand
Independent thinkers
I need my SSM daily uploaf
i think he's back at work this week
Elon isn't my favourite celebrity. I wouldn't even call him a 'celebrity' anyway. He's an entrepreneur, engineer, visionary
Can you ask AI to make SSM in the image of a penis, where his next is the shaft, and his head the glans?
Immigration should not only be reduced to zero, but emigration should be encouraged too, heavily in fact.
He's a spoilt rich boy that hasn't actually done anything himself, other than own the libs, since PayPal.
Pakis should be deported to make this country a better place
Oh, you're a poor faggot that, rather than self improves, just hates those more successful than themselves
NOOOO YOU CANT PAY FOR TWITTER BLUE. IT SHOULD BE FREE. CAPITALISM IS BAD
No one is saying this, only that it's gay to be arguing about it on either sides. You are a dum dum
ruthmong do you drink, if so then how much?
This, twitter is and always has been a shithole full of bedwetters, it's shocking that anyone here gives a shit
Can you ask AI to make SSM
You're two are seething at how based twitter is since Elon took over kek
Can you ask AI to make a hexagonal snooker table
mate he sits at home living off whatever his parents buy. he doesn't drink.
av bollocksed me face in de liiids, bollocksed me face I have
twitter is and always has been a shithole full of bedwetters
twitter is a shithole full of bedwetters
She hates alcohol because it conflicts with the religious beliefs of her Islamic ex boyfriend.
Busy day for Swanny on /brit/
>/int/180955281
Nanny hates low quality posts
Busy day for Greg on /britfeel/
he hates trolling outside of b
is he a tyrant who needs auditing? get ruthmong on the case.
maybe he should start desu
No I'm not, he had the fortune to be born rich and instead of helping out a single person he just jerks himself off and tells everyone how clever he is. 
He's not going to let you blow him even if he is your favourite celebrity.
I can tell you're poor.
Gun - gundam
Pla - plastic models
call your hobby building models
Because gunpla, military models, wargaming minis etc all have different scales/techniques/aesthetics/materials etc to them, i say gunpla because i'm being specific, although yes i am building models
Well I'm not, I make decent money. You're just a bit too dim to realise that idolising him is no different to the Stacie's worshipping whichever reality star is flavour of the week.
Sat here at 2pm on a Monday. Interesting all the well off lads posting here whenever there's an argument hey.
I'm on my lunch while WFH. What's your excuse?
Donovan cover for the lads. https://voca.ro/15hBtEXOQOt9
WFH
I'm wanking too
We all Wank from Home in life x
Cheers lad, didn't mean to come off like a bellend. I think models are neat. Cosplay is for autists and whores.
Look I may be a drug addict but at least I haven't turned wanking into a hobby.
Fancy keyboard you've got there, mind if I give it a try...?
There we go. Work from home LARP again.
Is it even worth pointing out that you are also here at 2pm on a Monday accusing other lads of being poor
Lovely this lad, cheers
went to the local park and did some chin-ups, first time in a long time. I've been meaning to do it for ages now but I always chicken out, or there's chavs there
will probably have to get up around 6-7 AM in the future though if I want to be unseen 
only managed 3x5, bar is thicker than the ones you can use on a doorframe, lats and biceps are fuckin blasted
anyone here tried TRT? I wanna get on it since I think my test is low, guessing I'd just need a blood test
Which is worse? Taking drugs or masturbating?
Definitely masturbating, 1000%
Amazing the hoops neets unskilled workers will jump through to project their own insecurities onto others.
I'm WFH of course, on my lunch break at 2.30.
depends on the drug innit
You're a weed.
I try
Ok alan titmush.
It germinated, that is when the seed sprouts. Are you sure you know what you're talking about?, mr a shitposter.
what is it with chavs and parks? i saw some last time i went in the middle of the day too.
My pleasure friendo
Spaffing up Ruth's shitbox
Very nice.
I fear that I may need to add, the spell of originality, so I choose to cast it as a shit joke
*clears throat*
Now do too many broken hearts.
https://youtu.be/A85ME_Th4eM [Embed]
Is it weird that I prefer watching my gf masturbate over actually shagging her? I find her attractive and sexy but prefer to enjoy her passively. Anyone else like this?
Weeds are more resilient than chilli plants, which that decidedly is not
Porned and deathgrippilled
Sorry lad but I'm not good enough to sing this Donovan, well beyond my capabilities
which that decidedly is not
Weird how there was 6 seeds, of which 3 germinated and looked the same, but that's weeds for you, I guess.
It was a joke, I didn't expect you to take it seriously.
Absolutely amazing how many people stop to give chuggers in London the time of day to let them waffle off their shite
They target the meek who are too polite to say no or ignore them.
You seem touchy friend. Don't come crying to me when you have to try to eat leaves. But don't take my word for it, I don't really mind, but you won't be allowed to join our secret r9k gardening club with that attitude.
I'm a gardencel, I couldn't join the club.
Aye lad I know, I was making a joke back
chugger
first time hearing that. where does the term even come from?
True, mostly women. I usually just walk fast with headphones and I look like someone who is skint anyway so they don't bother with me
I don't even really know, I always thought it was odd myself
Just had a look and it's a mix of charity and mugger. Obvious in hindsight ha
I was making a joke back
Ah, you got me. D'oh.
hey that's about you fuckin fags
He's trying to hurt our feelings with TikTok screenshots!
I forgot to say sorry. I'm clueless, so will germinate a couple more seeds and see what happens. I'll keep that 1, then when it turns out to be what you've said, I'll post it.
when americans say school instead of firing range
and instead of helping out a single person
shit tier lowest common denominator thinking. Why should anyone be reasonably well off when there's always a poorer person to give that wealth too?
It's not like he just blows all his money on personal luxurious, quite the opposite. All his money goes to the greater good of humanity.
tfw no Russian spy gf
Shall be warming up some din-dins in a timely manner me
How do you score on lonely bingo lads?
I love Indian girls in Britain getting fat and indulging in white cock
Indian girls are god
Not too bad if I say so myself
BRITISH India is so fucking hot and eternal.
Indian girls are such perfect pot smokers too. They evolve pot smoking into a perfect religion.
Alri spam mong
My ex was brown. Was great at fucking
