I already know I'm on several watch lists by now but I need to vent on here since I can't really talk to anyone in real life about this.
For the past few weeks the dreams I've been having are like from hell itself. I've had dreams about dying violently, getting shot in the head in death camps, being thrown off tall buildings and more horrific shit. For the past 3 days I had dreams that were different from me dying, instead now I was killing people. I'd get a gun from my cupboard and just go to people's houses in my streets, break into their houses and gun them down. I would kill maybe about 50 people until I head to a supermarket down where I live and shoot a entire group of school kids that are always there in the same spot, the busstop. Cops will come and I would always drop my gun before they shot me. 
I have no control in these dreams. I try desperately to wake myself up, i even try to kill myself in the dream just so I don't have to watch myself kill anyone. I hate waking up feeling like I just slaughtered hundreds of lives and I'm fucking sick of these nightmares. I don't have any intentions or sick thoughts to hurt anyone, I just want these fucking dreams to stop. Is there a medical or spiritual reason why I'm having these?
I don't have any violent intentions
Uh I call bullshit. Your subconscious is sure as hell considering it. Seek therapy, it's not worth it dude.
I've only had a few fights in my life but I don't go out of my way to harm innocences. I barely even interact with anyone in the streets anyways.
Read meditations, Marcus Auralius
Are you by any chance watching mass murder content or gore/death in general? Consistent exposure may result in dreams of similar stuff.
i wish i had easy access to guns but am europoor
Nope, mass shooting videos or gore hardly ever come up on my screen. I watch violent movies and read adult stories since that's the only thing that keeps me entertained, but my mind can tell the difference between reality and fiction.
SUPER
HOT
SUPER
HOT
SUPER
HOT
Watch this video tell me if it's boring 
https://youtu.be/1A65Wfr2is0 [Embed]
Sounds like the devil is trying to pull you into darkness. Take time away from computer and get sunlight and good nutrition. Pray and ask for positive things in your life. Orient your mind and the dreams will go away. Dreams are confusion; the mind working out conflict. Eliminate that conflict by following the path of peace in your life and dreams become peaceful.
lmao you remind of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmOjOCK6Dnw [Embed]
Lmao. Check the channel that uploaded the video. It's a fucking tranny.
and? you mad, incel? mad i posted it first and you hesitated like a faggot? gonna start shooting up the place?
FEDS. yes. this one right here
