I have never felt something as mucha s I do this message. Also what do you guys think about russia generally
dont really care about rissia
Russia is a sad country that can best be described with the phrase "and then it got worse".
I do feel bad for many of its citizens but the citizenry as a whole only makes the problem worse by accepting that their lives will be shit and there's nothing they can do. I hope someday they can be peaceful, prosperous and happy because at the moment it's a WW2 death cult and gas station masquerading as a country.
That's literally every country
No, it really isn't. 
This level of cultural/societal apathy only exists in authoritarian countries where it has been cultivated for generations. 
People deep down know that nothing can change unless the State wants it, and if they try to argue against it they'll get smacked down brutally. There are so many depressed, drunk poets in Russian history that lament this very fact.
I like russia and have always gotten along well with russians. was trying to learn the language for a bit but lost motivation. shame that they have once cemented themselves as the geopolitical enemy.
*once again
i live in russia
it's pretty good here
i love it here, would take it over muttland any day of the week
They have the resources, land area, and population to be a major superpower. Instead, living conditions are generally poor, and media control tries to push the notion that this is how things naturally are, that living conditions in other countries are no better (in fact they're envious of how good we have it!), and so on. People at the top fire anyone competent due to perceiving said competent individuals as a threat, the resulting incompetence breeds corruption, and it leads to the classic degradation that all authoritarian regimes succumb to.
It's haunting to look at the military recruitment ads playing in Russia, with themes of "Hey, you know how your life is shit? If you join the military you might make enough money to not have your family starve to death". Contrast it with US military recruitment ads, which tend to be all "Wanna be a MAN and be TOUGH and experience world-scale ADVENTURE? Wanna become STRONG and overcome CHALLENGES that you never could've imagined SURPASSING before? Wanna be PROUD and be a HERO and embody PATRIOTISM? Join us!"
I can't fault the Russian populace too much for supporting Putin's horrific imperial war against Ukraine, because when media is controlled like it is in Russia, reasonable people would probably conclude that it's the right action to take. If you're led to believe that Ukraine tortures and kills Russians, that Ukraine was building up forces to attack Russia, that Ukraine is full of citizens who want to join Russia but can't because of Ukraine's oppression, that invasion is necessary for both humanitarian and national security reasons, then of course the "special military operation" makes sense.
Hopefully, once Ukraine regains its territory (or even before then), Russia deposes its de-facto Tsar and tries to improve itself.
I'm Russian and the only thing I hate more than our government is ukraine.
Jokes aside, I'm extremely depressed.
But we do have a lot of bluepilled normies (esp upper class and / or women) who never felt true grief in their life.
I'd wager that we're just your average everyday post-industrial dystopia. Not worse than living in Detroit.
Have a koshka for your troubles.
i dont want to get too /pol/ here but and i know this is a probably a dumb question can you explain why russsia/ukraine is at war right now i know its happening but i dont really watch or read news im a simpleton all i know is that russia apparently started it ?
I think you mean 
the girls
literally just the girls
and nukes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIYGFSONKbk [Embed]
you are such a disingenuous fucking worthless muttoid it's unreal
kill yourself IMMEDIATELY
im russian jewish. as a kid i could speak russian and hebrew
my parents grew up in the USSR, in uzbekistan. they described it as miserable, violent, and shitty
their culture is violence, drinking, being cunts, and its merciless. nothing likable about it, they arent particularly intelligent either
Ukraine became independent of Russia in the 1990s after the collapse of communism. At this point they had been part of the Soviet Union (not willingly) for more than 70 years.
Because nuclear weapons owned by the USSR were left in Ukraine because of the collapse, Russia, China and the US signed an agreement stating that Ukraine would scrap the nukes in exchange for territorial guarantees. 
Ukraine was pretty pro-Western in the late 2000s and early 2010s and looking to become a member of the EU; the Russian puppet government fled the country (to Russia) after the president brutally suppressed protestors protesting the sudden cancellation of the process. A few months later "little green men" show up in Crimea, and Russia annexes it.
Now, Russia is back to finish the job. 
pic rel /pol/tard nigger
It started way back in 2013-14 when there was a coup by the now-ruling ukrainian junta.
Two regions of ukraine (Donetsk, Luhansk) seceded because they were pro-russian and the junta was not. Crimea also joined Russia.
There was armed conflict ever since then, and only when ukrainians started bombing those two regions did the invasion (denazification operation, whatever you want to call it) start for real.
War's been going on for years. The offensive and "invasion" is recent.
That video shows a person joining the military for strength, pride, and adventure, exactly like I said. Thank you for proving my point.
yea thank you for outing yourself as a degenerate subhuman muttoid
not even trying with this one
thank you two anons
Epic NAFO meme bro
all of these are true
They should stop being assholes then.
Russian libtards are the most repugnant faggots I have ever seen. Based ruskies are cool to be around, it's like I'm genetically predispositioned to be friends with them.
Nerdy russian girls seem nice.
lame thread
checked
