I don't get it I'm just in my room h24 and never bother anyone
I never ask her anything and everytime we interact it's her saying how much of a horrible man I am and how much pain I am causing her
like I'm just behind a screen all time why is she acting like I'm beating her ?
Id probably beat her for real so she had something to cry about. Sounds like a schizo femcel who popped out a baby out of obligation
Move out ASAP. Remove crazy toxic bitches from your life.
I genuinely think my mom is a retard but she's my mom so I can't truly hate her
I still pushed her out of my room and locked the door because I don't like dealing with stupid people screaming
I'm a 18 years old neet and I really don't know anything in life
I would if I could but I don't even know how it feels to own money
I enjoy being alone in my room watching smash tournies and jerking off to futa hentai but I guess it comes with a drawback
Uni, military, trades. Pick one.
My mom stopped doing that when she started smoking weed
I hate school 
I hate doing anything
don't even know what that is
I want to keep the statue quo as long as I can but sometimes I'm wondering if she'll stab me in my sleep 
I heard military will take anyone but I don't want to die for israel
she's very religious so I doubt it will happen for me
I'm honestly jealous, can weed really make crazy people less crazy ?
It didn't make her less crazy it just made her shut up
have you tryed talking with her anon
man I wish she'd shut the fuck up and leave me alone
you're lucky
just be more crazy than her.
make her catch you jerking off and then stare and make direct eye contact. Maybe she'll help you :))
God, you sound like a faggot who has never put effort into anything before. Life gets better if you claw through the mud. "I hate school!!!" so does 99% of the population, fucking idiot. Bite the bullet and deal with it like everyone else who strives for a better future.
I did when I was younger but it's useless
honestly fuck talking with people it's useless at best and will bite you back at worst because exposing your weaknesses always means there is someone that will take advantage of it
momcest is hot and all but she's ugly as sin
I'm a degenerate but I know how to control myself and not act like a screeching monkey
I can't really argue with that but I also believe it's her fault that I'm this way so I'm fine with just being a neet
Wow you're so smart bro. That's the real power move. Grow up.
How can I enter into trading?
what ?
it's just the only comfort I have 
if I could be a neet in my own apartement I 100% would
I work in medicine. I'm not a tradie, so I don't know. Ask google. I hear the renewable energy sector is always looking for dudes and pay well.
You will have zero future and live a comically shitty life or die from suicide if you continue being a NEET. Just do SOMETHING that secures your financial independence and then figure out all your other problems from there.
zero future
don't care I don't need a lot 
is something I will never do, I love video games too much for that
Ok cool. See you in the next few years when you realize the error of your ways.
You're"just" rotting away in front of a computer screen. 
It's like she's seeing her little baby boy wither and decay into loneliness and despair right in front of her very eyes
Any mom would suffer
You need sex and drugs. Come out of the closet and start dating men
I actually felt like shit when I was forced to go to school
now I'm just chilling but going to the military is becoming more and more an option because she's seriously annoying me
go groom someone else fag
Because you didn't have friends and you didn't let loose enough. 
One more reason why you should come out and start dating. It's very obvious that you're a closeted homosexual
I have a similar feel anon I finally put in enough effort to get hired for a part time job. My best advice to you because it is the advice I am constantly getting, move out. The neet life only lasts so long if you dont get autism bucks, she will probably kick you out eventually plus if you have your own place you dont have to deal with the constant nagging.
she's trying to tell you to get your ass out of the house. grow up. get a job. get a girlfriend. get a life.
yes, because most women are, but that's normal. the problem is you're also a retard, and thats just your mom's way of telling you to.
but I'm good in my room
why do I have to do bunch of shit I hate just to fit in
and why do everyone act like not doing the things you hate to fit in equal mass murderer
fuck society
Typical boomer parent, lived such an easy life that a slight inconvenience seems like a major issue, I've seen your situation many times. It will never end even if they act normal 5 minutes later and pretend it didn't happen.
Funny is I was a neet and considered a loser, now I have a job but if I behave like a neet now its considered perfectly fine because I spend a few hours at work. When I was a neet I had some shame, now that I have a job I have no shame about the way I go out in public. Boomers be gettin offended about the slob getting nuggets. Work to improve yourself, don't believe this contributing to society malarky. The major thing my parents didn't like about my neetness was the embaressment when talking with relatives even though I didn't really care.
I have actually heard stories of some guy being a neet that they had a job that they lost because of their parents in some way and they were just not able to get another one. Eg, parents forced them to drive them somewhere that caused them to be late for work too many times.
Its a bit like a feedback cycle. Come out of room and get nagged for not having a job so stay in room. Get shamed for staying in room. Once he moves out he won't need to spend as much time in his room. When he gets a job minor things such as the opinion of his parents will mean nothing.
Yes having a job is better but people give terrible advice regarding the matter.
man it always comes down to getting a job an leaving 
but I'll try to go for neetbux first because I'd be very surprised if I'm not a sperg 
choosing between an annoying bitch always talking shit and actually working is so cruel
Getting a job that pays you enough to move out fucking sucks. You won't be able to find a full time job that pays your rent if you have no experience. The few number of jobs available to you will destroy your body, and you won't be able to even rent your own apartment. You'll have to live with roommates. But your only real option at having a shot is moving out and living in that situation. You'll spend years trying to move up at work while studying on the side taking night classes, so you don't do low age work forever. You won't find a gf or friends, that's a given. It's going to be a very long and hard road ahead for you. But it's the only option.
taking 30 minutes of my time to "do" my homework was the most annoying thing ever 
there is no way I'm going though that
I guess being yelled at isn't that bad
I am so glad I decided to never have kids. I wouldn't want to end up with a loser leech like OP. Granted if I WERE a dad to someone like him, he would get beaten until he shapes up and actually acts like an adult human.
She's a retard who fucked another retard and spawned yet another retard who has her retard genes (You).
if you want to beat your kid you better start early 
by the time I turned 13 I would 100% fight back
I feel that as a father, you not only need to make sure that your own progeny are maintaining a healthy lifestyle for mind and body, but you are obligated in that as well. If you're a father and can't take your own teenage son in a fight, then you have not only failed him, but yourself.
op you are a faggot neet how the fuck you going to fight back? You are not an ambitious /fit/izen.
I still remember the day I bested my old man and it was just barely, now we are on such great terms that I could not bare trying and winning,
I'm actually very tall
even if I was sure to lose I'd still make sure to put up a fight and even use tools if necessary
I am willing to bet she can take you because she is right.
I would never do anything to my mom 
I don't think highly of her but she's the only person that cares about my (kinda)
however I grew up without a dad (as you can guess) but if I had some asshole beat me because he felt like it I would do things that most would regret
nani sore
I'm assuming your mom is effectively poor and always been poor because somebody with that kind of autismo mentality usually is.
My mom is similar but probably dumber because she doesn't even realize who I actually am or what I do normally. The other day I had to tell her how to spell "good" and she actually paused and her cogs were turning when I asked her what 2+2 was.
Being raised by actual retard broke parents who then turn around expecting you to be a doctor or person in IT because "you do good with computers durr" is the real issue. 
I've also never fully understood the idea of needing to kick out your kids at a certain point unless you're just selfish or you actually don't like your kids. Like sure you can say "it teaches them to be independent" but there's nothing stopping them from relying on other people like roommates and friends later anyways. It's beneficial financially and overall more supportive if you live with more people so if it's your relatives what's the issue? Especially nowadays when the world economy is going down the toilet and it's practically unaffordable to live anywhere without a masters degree or technical equivalent.
ai generated op and image
any other replies in this thread are npcs or ai
For shame.
nakadashi nakadashi nakadashi ori
shes my mom and all so i feel like i have to love her no matter what but all my life she has just screamed and yelled at me over the tiniest things as well as belittled me im thinking once i can afford to move out i may just stop talking to her im convinced shes bpd
yeah such a great phrase, totally not something you will regret on her death bed
phase*
I guess she's poor but it's not like third world tier 
just lower middle class
if she has money to buy useless woman shit like a air fryer, some cooking device things, a curtain or a bunch of beauty products things can't be that bad right ?
god I felt this, if she wasn't such a asshole to me in middle school for not getting perfect grades I would 100% be a lot less of a fuck up
I'm more real than you bitch
just straight up ignore her
that's how I cope
well then what should i do? i know i cant be as open with her as i would like to and i think my lifestyle may just push her away even more 
i havent ignored her kept my mouth shut would be what i say i already know anything i tell her she will just change and use it against me recently she has just been making stuff up about me to talk shit about me with the rest of my family
It is fine to grow distant but I made the active mistake of cutting off contact until the end. It is something I regret even though I still try to rationalize it.
that's the most annoying shit why are women like this and why are we not expected to not hate women when even our moms act like that 
I guess being a friendless loser comes with the benefit of being able to say what I think because I really can't imagine just supporting this shit
maybe i just need the distance an occasional check in at most i think 
so true anon women are the devil
NEETs are alright as long as they are self aware. The harsh truth is, the game will not get less rigged if you don't participate in it. At least you can get something out of it (meager and shitty currency that is not worth it most of the time). 
just in my room h24 and never bother anyone
the real problem she has is that is not going to change anytime soon knowing the NEETs of today
I never ask her anything
you are living on her dime, anon.
As I said, you could at least be self aware.
reading some of your replies you sound somewhat immature and entitled even if what >>73084594 said applies perfectly to your situation. The incentive to do anything just isn't there for most of us nowadays, and I get that it can get annoying when people refuse to grasp this but you can't just spend your entire life doing nothing and expect those around you to go along with it. People like your mother and >>73083804 hint at some sort of social normality, conveniently ignoring that such social norms have long since been abandoned, changed or outright trampled, but I propose that you own it to yourself to do more than just rot away in your room. 
You deserve a better life than one of consuming mindless entertainment, which I presume is all you do at the moment. 
You can attain this whilst being a NEET btw.
I probably would be completely fine cutting off my mom from any general contact. My half sister already did that because she couldn't stand my mom and my mom already forgets my fucking name even though I live in the same house.
If I was away from her for at least a few months she would probably forget I even exist.
lol you stupid pathetic faggot cocksucker, even as much of a loser as I have been I started working at 15 and only neeted for a few years in my early 20s due to shitty post op recovery from a surgery. you soft pathetic fucking faggot. what a disgrace you are. i wish you would get raped.
