Here's a video of what I'm talking about: https://youtu.be/rI4CPalzwCI [Embed]
Based on the video, or if you already know what I'm getting at, did you get lectures on how you weren't being ladylike growing up?
If you're worried about being verbally abused by incels, just pretend you're a man talking about what your sister experienced growing up. Actual men can share posts about how women they knew were raised, just to throw the incels off the scent.
Yea, my mom would yell at me whenever I would sit with my legs not crossed. It was so annoying I was literally like 8 trying to just be comfy.
What's the idea behind the leg crossing thing? Like if they're not crossed you're giving men ideas or something?
my mom would give me shit for belching, farting, scratching my crotch in public
all the time, i'd get beat or made to kneel on rice if i wasn't being ladylike.
i think that made me a lot more of a tomboy in rebellion but now that i'm an adult i actually prefer to be more ladylike.
i think that's a common experience for women my age.
Yes, my mom would get upset at me for liking boyish things. My father liked me having boyish interests but he would hit me if I was boyish in other ways.
my mom would give me shit for belching, farting, scratching my crotch in public
That's not too extreme IMO
Not wearing dark clothes? Dark isn't ladylike? I didn't even know that one.
What are some ladylike behaviors that you adopt now? Do you compete with other women over trying to be the most ladylike in the group (this is one of the things the Youtuber talks about in her video).
One thing that amazes me about /r9k/ is how many people got hit by their parents growing up. My parents didn't even have formal 'punishments' like spanking my Dad would basically just scream at us hoping to scare us into submission lol.
Yeah my mom was angry I only wanted to wear black band shirt she wanted me to wear pastel blouses or shit with sequins
What are some ladylike behaviors that you adopt now?
always try to be kind and speak politely, decent posture, dress in strictly skirts and dresses. a lot of these traits make me a doormat though.
nope, mommy issues and school bullies made me nervous around other women. so i always try to be extra polite and do anything i can to make them like me.
Dresses and skirts mainly.
Though it also applies to skin tight stuff like leggings and tights too.
Basically showing off your groin is in many context provocative. So it's best to teach girls young not to do it early in general, and then when they are older they cam better understand the sexual context of it and only do it if they actually intend to be provocative.
It's less of a issue for guys because guys generally don't wear skin tight stuff that exposes our junk in a provocative manor.
The few outfits that men where that are similar to dresses and skirts, like robes, toga, and kilts, have their own social norms related to not exposing your junk in them too. Again unless you are intentionally trying to be provocative.
This has been social norms explained by a autist.
Join us next time where I explain some other basic thing your mom or dad should have explained but probably just expected you to get it automatically.
Yeah my mom was angry I only wanted to wear black band shirt she wanted me to wear pastel blouses or shit with sequins
I think black when worn by women is considered a vaguely sexual color? I'm not sure but maybe. Or are you talking about full on goth attire?
Do you feel like you're doing this moreso for other women, for men, or for yourself?
That's because it's rude in general.
My mom gave me shit about it too and I am a guy.
She would say it isn't classy.
id say it's a mix.
being polite and kind is for everyone. (and because i want people to like me so they aren't mean to me)
the way i dress is for myself and other women because that's the only thing i know how to bond with them about legitimately besides yumeporn.
Basically showing off your groin is in many context provocative.
So it's basically another one of those modesty things
My mom gave me shit about it too and I am a guy.
Yeah the 'not farting and burping' stuff is for both sexes.
She would say it isn't classy.
Yeah the 'not farting and burping' stuff is for both sexes.
Yeah that sounds cool. The video I linked to gets into like "being ladylike competitions" where women compete to see who can be the most dainty and dignified and so on.
there's those sort of competitions in even just existing as a woman. sometimes other women will dislike you for no other reason other than you too are a woman. most aren't like that though.
fuck that shit, kids should be allowed to belch and fart if they want to. it's funny
TFW no GF that belches and farts all the time and cackles uproariously about it every time
Did not know such a thing.
So basically you're saying...
there's those sort of competitions in even just existing as a woman. sometimes other women will dislike you for no other reason other than you too are a woman. most aren't like that though.
Did not know such a thing.
So basically you're saying...
TFW no fart GF?
I like acting elegant. I wish my mom made me do this sort of stuff as a kid
Fancy gay boy
I like acting elegant. I wish my mom made me do this sort of stuff as a kid
I like the idea of toying with feminine style virtues from time to time but I wouldn't want it to be an all day every day thing
It sounds weird but I learned how to be ladylike from watching lots of Korean and Japanese dramas and tv shows. The women always behave in a very feminine manner and say or do certain feminine things in response to situations, so I ended up learning from that.
my dyke gf loves faggy guys and I love masc girls
It all works out!
Are you Asian? What got you interested in these dramas?
did you get lectures on how you weren't being ladylike growing up?
Yes I grew up in a conservative church going household I got it on a daily basis it made me hate myself and lose all joy in life and I have never fully recovered from the long term psychological effects
I already do this a lot online. It is funny how they will listen and agree with you when you say the exact same thing that they would screech like chimps over if you say it as a female
fpbp women grooming other women is a much bigger problem than rape culture but females literally never speak up about it
Pretty much.
Which is a good thing when in the context of a little girl. It's a method of protection from things little girls shouldn't have to deal with.
In a ideal world kids could run around free and naked without a care in the world and nothing bad would ever happen.
But in the real world even the young aren't spared from the complexities of sexualization, and thus must be protected. Modesty in this context is a effective means of protection, at least in public. So a mother who loves and wants to protect their child from the potential dangers that come with sexualization will teach their child modesty to avoid sexualization.
Again, yeah in a perfect world it wouldn't be necessary, but we don't live in a perfect world.
Yeah the fembot abuse has gotten out of hand it's like territorial dogs trying to chase away someone who stepped on their territory.
