How much does it cost to have this or how much money do you need to make minimum in your area? What kind of job would you need in your area? Also list area so I can get an idea
IDK. The only furniture I have is a worn out office chair and a bed
I'll attempt a cost breakdown for eastern parts of VA excluding NoVA/DC.
Rent on a 1br: at least 800 a month, maybe more
Water/Power: at least 100 a month
Internet: at least 50 a month
Car: Had to pull this from the internet. Assuming no car payment, the calculator says about 400 a month
Food: If you eat cheap but still a bit healthy, you can do maybe 150 a month
Phone: Call it 20 a month, there are some cheap plans out here
Health Insurance: This is highly variable but is likely no less than say 500 a month
Entertainment: Again, highly variable, but let's say you go out once a week at 50 bucks, that's 200 a month
Total: $2200 / month = 26,640 per year
At about 20% total tax, you'd need to make minimum $33k a year and that has zero savings, zero for retirement, etc.
I'm not counting moving costs or furnishings here since one-time costs generally don't get you into trouble, it's the monthlies that'll bleed you. And remember that rent goes up each year.
HTH. This is just back of napkin numbers too, I may have forgotten something
not even a reply? wow, that's the last time I'll help someone out on this board...
putting in effort for anons
NGMI
Anyway its easy to figure out if you sit down and do some research. Don't look for listings in good areas, apartments get marked up an extra 500 a month just for being in front of a bus stop, I kid you not.
Anyway for me, there's nothing less than $3100 a month because my city is trash. I would need to go out an hour or two out the city for anything close to 2000 a month
Canada, Southern Ontario
$ in leaf dollars
Not in a big city, population is less than 100k
Minimum for a house is 400k, empty lot of land is 300k
To be approved for mortgage you need to make 80k/year for a 400k loan
Rent is $1500/month minimum if you want to live alone in someone's basement or a run down apartment complex in the slums
About 1700/month in this fuck ass state
this much for an empty room
Why do people even work this is madness
This was a good breakdown anon, I am sure someone found it useful. 
But yes, many people ask questions on this board but wont take answers when they are given. Many such cases
Thanks, I'm hoping someone found it good. Takes a bit of effort to put together all of this. You can also look on numbeo.com to get an idea of pricing around the world, it's a great site.
Oh for sure. And 800 is bare bare minimum. If you are all picky about your location, you're looking at over a grand.
UK, Scotland
You can get a flat as cheap as 300 pounds a month if you're not picky, then amenities etc.
Council Tax: 82
Gas &amp; Electric: 80
Groceries: 100
Internet: 30
These are conservative estimates though.
So about 600 pounds a month, unless I'm missing anything. This is based on my own projected needs, I don't have a car, need a phone plan and don't go out or pay for media, bear in mind. 
So you could work a minimum wage job for just 16 hours a week and earn 672 a month, and I'm pretty sure at that low amount of earning it's not taxable so you keep all of it. I feel like I must be missing something, because it seems way to easy, when normies are always complaining about cost of living... Mind you they all NEED the new iphone and to have 5 kids, don't they.
Health Insurance: This is highly variable but is likely no less than say 500 a month
America is fucking insane
America is fucking insane
It's 100% not insanity. It's an organized and well-funded program to grift as much wealth as possible from the bottom 99%. An intentionally predatory system
everyone in the UK that i know who is "poor" still has the latest iphone, ipad, macbook, vapes/smokes daily, buys shit food
i was working 25 hours a week taking ~1000 a month, easily enough to live independently on if you can secure that elusive one bedroom flat
it'd be easier and probably cheaper to split rent with someone or be a lodger though
You can get a flat in Ingerlund for a similar price but it WILL be in Bradford-tier shithole. 
Living in a safe area is a luxury
Minimum $1400/mo. You either need to be a hot waitress that rakes in a ton of tips or a techbro.
Not listing area because fuck your datamining, I just want to bitch about how rent in my area went up hundreds of dollars over the last few years but instead of building more housing the city only approves commercial shit. So instead of making shit affordable, basketball americans get to live in "luxury apartments" on section 8 and 9,000 more strip malls are being built simultaneously.
Minimum $1400/mo. 
You either need to be a hot waitress that rakes in a ton of tips or a techbro.
Where do you live that waitresses make similar money to techbros, and where both are only making around $18k per year?
Yeah I'd be apprehensive about one that cheap too, but I've seen nice flats in nicer areas for around 450-500 a month, which would bump you up to 24 hours of waging which should be plenty, and also keeps you just under the taxable rate as well, I believe.
How hard is it to get a flat? I have no idea what the process is even like.
Car can be cut down a lot if you don't drive much for commute. I fill up my tank around once a month, unless there is a rare visiting family trip.
"Entertainment" (whatever that means) seems high, but groceries seem low
My point isn't that they both make the same money, the point is unless you work in either sector there aren't any actual jobs out here that will allow you to afford your own apartment. 
The people that aren't in tech or a hot chick raking in thousands of dollars over the weekend from horny boomers are working at gas stations and the like. My apartment complex has quite a few apartments filled to the brim with service industry workers that otherwise can't afford this shit anymore. 
$1400 minimum for rent alone is already more than half of their checks. My electric bill is fucking $150 and I don't even use my electricity all that much. Car insurance is $300 because so many fuckers flat out don't have insurance or even a valid registration anymore. Groceries exceed $200/mo and I'm not fat, I just don't eat goyslop. On top of the rent, there are usually five other bullshit fees tacked on. 
This area used to be very nice but the disparity is becoming insane. Not even a mile down the road are houses with multiple brand new porsches, rolls royces, McLarens, etc. My apartments (literally right around the corner) is full of beat to shit cars that haven't been inspected in years. The parking lot used to be filled with brand new cars. 
It wasn't always like this. It's a result of a million different redundant businesses opening up without any housing to accommodate the population growth. There are four gas stations within a mile of my apartment. There are like ten strip malls. Now apply that to every square mile in my city. It's disgusting how they've ruined this place. It went from a nice suburb where people with good jobs lived if they didn't want to actually be in the city to a nasty commercialized hellhole in just a few years.
I'm a 30k full time wagie and i am very lucky to get paid that much here. I can't afford to move out I have no idea what kind of people can even afford housing anymore when median wage is like 24k
with roommates or without?
in a walkable neighborhood or a car-centric neighborhood?
around my parts, that looks to be like a 2k spot
The average studio apartment costs 800/mo where I live, which usually doesn't include the cost of heat.
I'm in a rare situation where I live in the basement unit of an old building so I only pay 825 a month and all my utilities are included. Most one bedrooms around here are 900 minimum but my apartment is very small compared to these
van you can stand up in will be like 10-20k or idk, 500/mo finance plan thingy?
regular econoline van you will never be able to stand up in and be comfortable will be like 5-10k from stealership who wont leave you with a lemon
if youre mechanically apt (youre not) you can shop around the private seller market for something 1k-5k and weed out the lemons
1 bedroom middle class apartment
$250
Utilities (inc internet)
$100
Food
$100
Public transportation
$50
This is twice the minimum wage in Bogota so you need to have a good job, a partner or a roommate to afford it.
ND/MN, small cities or big towns
Rent
600 for a crap apartment, 1k for an apartment downtown. I'll go to 700 for my final estimate.
Water/Power
Varies wildly depending on heating method
$50 in the summer, 80+ in the winter
Internet
If you're paying more than 50 a month for 100mb down you're retarded.
Car
Depends on how much you're driving and your insurance.
We'll say 60 bucks for liability insurance, 
10k miles a year (that's low), 20mpg means 500 gallons consumed at 3.5 dollars per gallon. That's $1,750/yr. Add $875 for maintenance (based on dividing the cost of gas in half). Add it all up and it's just shy of $300 a month for a paid off car.
Phone
Yeah 25 a month is doable. Personally I pay 55 a month for a "premium" plan. 
Food
Spending less than 10 a day on food is doable. Personally I've never done it. I'd add 50 to your 150 estimate.
Health Insurance
Beats me. My job takes care of that. Google says 460 a month on average for residents of my state. Sheesh.
Entertainment
The most variable thing on this list. I like your 200 a month estimate.
You also can't get away from buying random shit like clothes and hygiene products. That's hard to budget for but easily another 50-100 a month.
2,115 * 12 = 25380/yr net pay min. However the "gurus" say that you should spend no more than 25 percent of your net pay on housing expenses. At 700 a month on rent you should be making at least 2800 a month after tax or 33,600 a year net.
It's really depressing if you think about it.
$250 for a bedroom within walking distance of public transport
That bedroom wouldn't happen to be a porta-potty, would it?
Scotland seems pretty based. I was friends with someone online who lives in Scotland and he gets to live dirt cheap with 4 months of free university. I was very jealous
Basically what this thread is getting at is, if you want to live in a frugal, modest, male living space, get the fuck out of North America and go to Europe or South America. Otherwise spend $3k a month just to live in a box
Otherwise spend $3k a month just to live in a box
i thought europe was even more expensive than usa?
I lived like that for 3 years. Eventually I broke down and I'm now back with parents. Maybe having a decent job would've kept me on track
Why not go to ethiopia?
