going out with a bang because she bangs
https://waifus.nemusona.com
previous bang
bang
hmmm I wonder what theme I'm doing right now
bang bang original
Floral can only hold my interest for so long, so feel free to give me reccs and I'll probably do whatever
Nighty night thread I need to embrace the oncoming hangover and night of sweat and delirium 
bang bang fingerbang
would bang
Super erotism would postpone sleep and fapsturbate furiously if I had any ability to gain an erection left
and now I truly slep
Sans Mariana Sans Mariana
Stay good, okay?
I ended up switching to doing Mariana, but have another floral-Eleanor
mama mariana
Goodnight sleep well and calm
I got some funny manga covers while doing comic stuff, now I will try to put them into some kind of story or something with the power of photo collage
Loving flower Eleanor &lt;3
After work I'm gonna try to get the collab running locally off my own GPU (which I think is possible?) or failing that I need to sit down and figure out how to run the whole stable diffusion thing myself.
Hopefully my 4 year old 4gb GPU can handle it...
I love nemugen, but it's hard for me to go back after this.
Later /aiwg/ friends
Here's a previous Saeriah wearing a hat while I'm at work
Ooo that sounds fun
I'm still finding Nemu better for the existing Mariana prompts (almost like they were made with Nemu in mind and are way over complicated)
Meanwhile, it is just straight up better for low levels of prompting for Eleanor. Should try some of my more intensive ones.
Silly stuff, I like randomly generated stories
Also this funny pic
And this one about them doing something idk
I'd buy whatever they're selling
But what She's selling?
I can't tell, but I'm all in. Just look at those two. How could I possibly say no?
It seems you guys are having fun with the colab stuff. I'm glad.
The 2, put them to pilot a car on a beach.
Here's a cockpit just for you. Any requests since this is only possible thanks to you sharing?
Anyway it's 01:14 and I need to wake up at 07:00 so I'm off to bedding and sleeping, goodnight!!
goodnight asci anon, sleep well
None for now. 
If you wish, search other models on civitai and play around with them too. It should save time that I'd spend finding them myself.
I'm doing a lot with Dark Sushi at the moment, very like it
It does really good torn clothes.... just a bit too strong usually
original comment for dark sushi mariana
She's an explorer, but she hit a rough patch
Dead thread, empty thread
I'm going to do the Shimfohgeah prompts now; ty for the recommendation! I added "singing" and "musical note" prompts, although they're not quite where I want them. I can't decide if she'd use a gun like Chris or a sword like Tsubasa.
new dimensions for a new model
Notes, nice. I'd like to try to bulk up the armor a bit more too. There's not much armor and a lot of bodysuit
Hair is too long, but otherwise I can't complain
Waifu giving a concert while surfing on a giant sword!
But hair cannot be to long!
howdy do /aiwg/, I am insufficiently rested, body aching everywhere and ready to post my waifu
it just feels like a different character almost, not that it looks bad
welcome welcome tired anon
trying out the fourth wall tag:
Nicole boops YOUR snoot
whoa her outfit looks really cool :O
Attempted Mariana with this model as well. think I need to build from scratch rather than using existing prompts
I can't decide if I like AOM or Anything more for this one.
Why didn't you get enough rest?
Yeah I'm just shitposting is all.
this is better, though I'm realizing that it appears very limited to blue backgrounds
henloooo waifu frens
Nicole invites you for a dance
slept at 0330 (maybe), woke up at 7 for work. I'm used to it though
elo anon :)) Very gorgeous gothic theme
it gave Mariana a pet :)
Best one so far imo.
frenlo henlo
Ow, that's not something you should get used to!
Nemu is still the best source I've had for Mariana eyes
oregano comment for dark satsuki
last of these since they're all too blue
From water to fire
I don't know why it's so blurry now. I think I messed something up in the launcher.
am I supposed to be adding the custom model links each time I open this or is that fucking it up?
need to know more intensifies
Anything is unusually crowded at this hour
I can already hear the goa "ass sexooo" comments
Speaking of sexy, that's a sexy hat
I hope she's falling, otherwise those are some swoopy boobies
I mean it basically just told me the drive was full when I reopened it after getting a shower. But I thought I was using a version that wouldn't save changes.
Hat sexoooooooooooooooooooo
Profiles being hard makes them more satisfactory whe it works.
i'm doing something dumb and it kinda seems to be working
the ai forgot to give her a shirt...
Does "OR" do anything?
Nicole says thanks. She takes pride in her fancy hats for larping
my dumbass replied to the wrong comment :/
i'm honestly not super pleased with how the colab ai is doing right now, so I think I'll let it go for tonight and start from scratch tomorrow. And Nemu is chugging super slow so idk if I'm gonna do any on it either.
What did the AI mean by this? Also I like that this board mutes you for not having an original comment. It keeps things fresh, it keeps things light.
Space Nicole with the collab
yeah though sometimes basic replies like your thank yous and hellos get kinda tedious if you forget to change it up a little
I never used an AI before so I don't know what kind of prompts to give it to make high quality images. But I tried to make it look look like my IRL crush (Yea I know that's faggy feel free to make fun of me) and it actually turned out very close to what she looks like. Well as close as an anime girl can look to a real person. How depraved would it be to jerk off to ai hentai that looks like my crush?
I was just about to say that I missed space Nicole, thanks
I've never used one before either
You should figure out how to insert yourself into the 2D world using AI, and then show that to your crush. She'd really like that, I think.
Also it's okay to be depraved I think, I'm surprised they haven't outright banned this shit yet
As for things to make it look a little better, you could try absurdres, high quality, masterpiece, key visual, all sorts of things
but what I write is like a big weird mess so you're probably better off bein succinct, I dunno
da vinci from fate
would love to stay and post but sleep is a necessity
hello just got home
how are you doing
goodbye
hello
me duermo abrazado a tu recuerdo
dead thread
+a
g
a
Saeriah is mean to me, but I deserve it
How are you, Shionanon?
i broke the collab on my end, and have no ideas for nemu
Trying out Nicole in her previous outfits with the colab AIs
helo Shion anon :))
im sorry i turned off the pc cause i thought no one was going to reply for a while and nownindont have any picture to post
In other news, I got the collab working again at least.
Revisiting old prompts. Waifu colab makes her a lot more angry with the angry prompt than nemu did.
np friend :)
Removed the angry prompt, otherwise the prompts are the same as when she was addicted to wearing armor many many threads back.
thankfully I also got it working again
now i want to post but my lazy ass doesnt. want to stand and turn the pc on
I accept you with or without images
Some more previous outfits: blue coat swordsman (woman?)
eh image or not still fun to just hang around here
Return of the Kitsune-Eleanor
Getting some cool armors
Yeah you can just hang out :)
I really like this model
you can do it anon
these go crazy
that squat is hot
Lest we forget, Nemu does still go hard
yeah these are coming out awesome like old japanese pop art prints
vaguely lewd, but not so much given the art style
how did you do today my brothers
Unfortunately, I think Mariana will be limited to Nemu for a long while
I am bad at my job but that's ok
Military Nicole
woa that lipstick
I am suffering at work, posting waifus to cope, nice dubs btw
it's way too late for me to be awake if I'm genning lewd eleanor
Pretty cool 40k-ish power armor
Otherwise not a great gen, and it looks like she just cut off her own leg, but at least the armor is cool
In a grimdark millennium with only war, the most important part is to have fun.
Skill check to stay awake: Failed
Take care aiwg
Good morning aiwg
Goodnight Eleanoranon, have an epic dream
Morning thread, time to rev up a prompt set no used in ages. Wonder if Aoi will ever revisit us
Morning double Asci
Night Eleanor
rip leg
Must sniff ass 
very imposing
cool wing thing
night night eleanor :))
gmornin Asci 
Goa mornin
still trying to figure out how to work the ai properly
very military wings
Must plant my face right there
And another area to rub your face against has appeared
very cool wings Goa :O
Posting old stuff because I'm lazy and "learning" rn
Thanks, tried to pump up the wing prompts a little bit but got a whole other character instead
I would read these magazines for all the wrong reasons
Oh here we go, some wingy wing business
and some wing asymmetry
Dumb AI gave me tons of gimp suits in a row lol
The colab AIs give amazing bikes but Nicole keeps getting messed up :(
Goa with the RGB gamer wings
Some more Saeriah gens before bed
unoriginal comment and not very original Saeriah
cape goes fwoooosh
Good night /aiwg/
See-aeriah you tomorrow
I don't rember what I posted and what now, also 12
her fetish has been uncovered by the ai
very nice bike, shame about her spine
very nice breastplate
also nice
good action pose
night, golden armor looks good on her
erotic opening you must lick her body
Asci flavor
*dramatic entrance*
gud night :) Sae you ariahound
what did I do to deserve such a heavenly image
Either her fetish or the AIs. I wonder if making more and more horny gens is how the AI faps, and when it finally cooms it can get back to normal pictures again.
This other girl with white hair seems to be a common occurrence even though I have "multiple girls" and "white hair" in negative
wtf AI stop cooming to my waifu
"spoken musical note" did the trick!
Maybe that's just the price we pay.
she is vibin
very nice entrance, ruffles up the feathers
sometimes ai pampers us
sex with the ai to calm it's horny levels
gushing little robot girl very horny need cybersexual
Also she seems to be having lots of fun
prepare for trouble and make it double
very erotic body
She's not the only one
What do you think AI-chan looks like, and would you give her sexo to help her gen better?
Why wonder when you can
Ha! Your Heart Breaker has no power against my 
Well huh, I didn't expect this to come out almost identically to yours. I'm not much of a cunnyseur so she's all yours.
Tch, that's quite the attack, but it can't beat...uh..Zilon?
I tried a few more with the prompt generate yourself and the results were surprisingly consistent, they all had loli, light hair color, silver whit or platinum blonde, short to shoulder length hair, twintails
Book of Revelation comes out pretty cool, try it sometime
Let's try this now though
Consider my almonds activated
Don't die counterfeit-chan
Mine is a little different
I wanted to join in on the attack fun, but ai was not working with me
Did get a cool action shot if nothing else
 NOW LISTEN HERE, JACK
Uh what did she mean by this?
Please come back Counterfeit-chan! I can't bear to see you go!
Broken cherry in a speech bubble
Uh what did she mean by this?
Please come back Counterfeit-chan! I can't bear to see you go!
Looks like she's ready for a Mexican stand off to me.
lmao.
Man, colab AI stopped working for me, back to nemu. Anyways
Well that's nothing compared to my 
DEEZAATOOO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kguaGI7aZg&amp;pp=ygUaa29tbSBzdXNzZXIgdG9kIGV2YW5nZWxpb24%3D [Embed]
You stand no chance agaisnt my
EGARUUUU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kguaGI7aZg&amp;pp=ygUaa29tbSBzdXNzZXIgdG9kIGV2YW5nZWxpb24%3D [Embed]
You stand no chance agaisnt my
Collab is blocking "prompt" line for some reason and I don't know how to unlock it lmao
I'm sorry everyone, I'm sorry but I needed share this saucy boy here
"Shrek" is an absolutely cursed prompt
I tried to make Noise with "abstract monsters" but as you can see the results are not forthcoming. Also that's a building in the background, and if it seems like something else is going on, that's pure coincidence.
I would absolutely get out of his swamp before he gets his swamp into me.
Goa, what are yo-
Continuation to this, I think
tried the :3 face with mother and daughter and results are interesting to say the least
Hello aiwg, looks like the thread is pretty quiet rn. Let's fix that
I can only contribute 1 loving Goa for now, i am fixing myself some dinner
pork neck steaks and fries
I can also forget to post the actual picture ayy lmao original
howdy Rochelle, looking handsome as always
thread pretty silent :/
Mods are sleeping post album covers
This tech is just sorcery
Remarkably easy to get pleasing stylized results with these things
Dynamic pose tag is really, wish I was as happy as she looks
*really fun
should probably just finish of the thread and make a new one
new thread incoming stay tuned
le new thread has arrived
