1/2
this kind of shit always happens to me. I was so convinced that she was into me, even the tone of her voice would change sometimes when I talked to her. Maybe she was just leading me on or I misinterpreted everything. Does this mean that the other co-worker was in on this too? Fuck man...
How should I even interact with my crush for these next two shifts with each other? Part of me is still coping and saying that she is into me, and that I should ask her out or ask her for insta. I was hoping to at least hook up with her. It hurts
also to clarify, I work in a restaurant that has a bar. I asked her to have the shot with us on her last shift at our workplace.
2/2
I guess Im dumb, I mean I am dumb, but, have you tried asking her number to just keep in touch and just seeing where it goes from there?
Women have no agency or self-control, so don't read too much into that shit excuse. Alcoholics especially can't control themselves. She doesn't want to drink. Make another approach.
This could be a good thing. You never want to shit where you eat, and dating a co-worker is usually the stupidest thing you can do.
Keep in touch after she quits. Get the social media (women find this less personal than giving a phone number) and get the date in, and stop being a little bitch.
Maybe she sensed how dramatic and important this little thing was to you, and got turned off, as even the slightest bit of attention made you desperate for her. You come off as real needy when you do.
also, this girl is a bit taller than me... make of that what you will
Are you a virgin anon ? Have you ever had other girlfriends before ? How old are both of you ?
Bingo.
All you had to do was just casually ask
Want to grab a cup of coffee sometime? and if she says yes add her on whatsapp or whatever and if she says no just say ah okay thats fine hope you the best for your new job. While smiling.
Thats it. Idk how you autists turn simple 1+1 into 11 dimensional chess
Exactly, this is why I'm asking if op is young/virgin. He doesn't seem so experienced with girls. He doesn't seem to have a lot of experience with girls and the biggest risk right now is looking needy/simp.
You posted this yesterday and still nobody cares. Man up and stop being a creep
Yes im a virgin. I briefly dated a girl in high school for a few months but we only made out and it was a toxic relationship.
I'm 21 and my crush is 19 
can i still ask her out/ask for her socials?
Yes you can ask her out and yes you can ask for her socials. I would consider asking for Instagram first, because you can judge her bodycount just by the profile.
Keep in mind that this is a normal thing to do to ask her out. Don't be autistic and try a 4d chess move. If she's interested, that's actually the best move to do.
And don't ask for a split bill.
then what's your advice?
Not op but what does it mean if a woman doesn't have Instagram or any other social media apart from ones used only for texting?
A girl in work asked me for my number and texted me for a few days then stopped abruptly, I'm honestly too autistic to understand what may have happened.
Or she's lying, or that's a really good sign.
In this case, just text her thourgh texting apps
if u have a crush on someone u should ask them out literally every day
its only creepy if you make it creepy by being a fucking weirdo
She asked me saying that she would need it for asking me questions on things that I trained her on. She seemed pretty enthusiastic until she stopped replying.
Is it a good sign if she sent me phrases in her own language when I expressed interest in learning some of it?
She seems really shy so I'd believe her, I also did a bit of stalking and couldn't find anything.
should i still ask her out or is it over?
Honestly I can't tell without having the full conversation. There are way too much parameters.
ya tell her shes sexy and tell her to go to the cafe for lunch
I'm probably overthinking it. Shell be training me soon enough so I can gauge it better then.
is this bait
based on the info i gave, do you think she is interested?
btw she also told me where she will work.
Because rejection is humiliating. She's literally telling you that your genetically inferior and unworthy of breeding with her.
Let me make this clear to you,
This is actually real life boomer dating. They have ZERO insight into what women are thinking and just hit on them. They live in another world where online dating and women being batshit crazy and trying to ruin your life on the internet isn't a thing. They have no idea if a girl likes you or not. That girl most likely never did, you didn't fuck anything up. It was never there to begin with.
so she was just leading me on the whole time?
hello i need an answer
That's what you say
stop posting the same thread over and over again you dumb faggot failed normie. She had zero interest in you and only acted nice (Until she could get away from you) so you wouldn't fucking rape her.
Shut up
Get over it
or kill yourself.
how am i a failed normie?
Forget about her, retard.
once she told me that, I didnt even bother with talking to her anymore. i stopped giving her attention. but then she started giving me more attention and initiating convos with me instead coupled with the fact that she overheard what the boomer said. Then the other coworker kept egging me to talk with her after they were whispering with each other, so i concluded that she was into me
she probably thinks it is cute, her little frenchie
Whether she's into you is irrelevant if she already has a boyfriend. Either she is a cheater or monkey branching, and either way you shouldn't want anything to do with her.
