Post your recent steam activity and guess what each other are like based on it. Here are mine.
You have 1k mmr in dota and like to play with legos
I have no steam activity because I'm not a manchild and I spend the time you spend playing with toys working out and learning languages.
Yeah alright. I'll give you a cookie if you get it right
You're a pseud wannabe normie which is even worse
Masturbating and watching subtitle anime doesn't constitute working out and learning languages anon.
This is meant for this faggot >>73088140
Thank you for assuming I'm a native English speaker, I'll take it as a compliment.
All I read here is "I got bullied on all the video games I played"
Chad
Chad
Chad (if not a zoomer). If zoomer then chud.
vgh... lt's so fucking over
You play a lot of VR. You use it in place of socializing in person because going out give you anxiety and you can be whatever version of yourself you want in VR. Also are a NEET based on those hours.
You have very few hours and those are all multiplayer, you probably just hop on occasionally to play with old friends you used to speak to more frequently before you got busy with life. 
Autistic
rarely play anymore
eh... who cares
If I were to also assume you've got your head up your own ass, would you take that as a compliment too Rajeesh?
You have a very tight and juicy bussy
Femboy or tranny
Definite chud
Rajeesh fucks prime white pussy while you rot in your room drenched in sweat playing with your bing bing wahoo. Sneethe.
Lol thanks for the laugh.
Erm, alright. Do your worst
In my country my ethnicity is the normal one, you would be the rajeesh here.
Another tight and juicy bussy
Oh wait i'm a retard. I forgot what my thread was about and thought you were describing yourself. I only ever played norms to be honest. I used to be a lego kid though.
You are a failed normie. Probably 5/10 in all aspects.
videogames are for children. people need to start shaming gamers to the point of suicide again
lmao sure nice fan fiction Rajeesh
i pretty much just play apex and master duel
is there much of a difference between playing videogames and 4chan?
Bait. Stop replying to these retards
You seem pretty casual and you probably grew up with yu gi oh. You probably have a decent social life and leave your house and video games are just a casual hobby.
How the fuck do you almost have all the ER achievements with only 111 hours? Did you use a guide or look up builds or something and just cheese through the entire game?
I literally just played the game normally.
after beating the elden beast I looked up locations for the like 3 bosses I missed and the locations of legendary items. 
Elden Ring cheevos are extremely easy though compared to say getting all of them in DS3 which was a nightmare
i've already beaten new vegas like 3 times but on another account
miserable
even more miserable
someone who watches the same youtuber for years despite their deteriorating quality
racist highschooler
weeb
smells like onions after grinding cargo for 8 hours
snorts gfuel
What build? Do you have autism?
Chad. Only chuds think casual gaming is for losers.
go outside please
I'm not gonna sugar coat it. I am absolutely insufferable to interact irl.
you are an asshole like every dota 2 player
you're gay
This is true, but Primitive Technology has not dropped in quality one bit
You play the nurse and face camp in DBD to piss people off. 
You think you are hilarious even though no one ever laughs at your jokes. 
You have yellow fever
this version is slightly inferior 
i probably have more hours on openrct2
You have autism and know what B&amp;M stands for.
qilin
I occasionally enjoy JAV but I definitely don't have yellow fever. I like tan med girls most.
You try hard in casual games. You yell at your friends if they make an incorrect call outs even though your silver elite. You also only pick meta killers in DBD.
im more of an arrow guy
I can't wrap my head around dbd, seems too one-dimensional. Fun for casual sure but how tf is high mmr tryharding a thing?
i dont only play games on steam though
You used to play league but quit in season 7.
yea I absolutely dominate party games
never played it once in my life
My home park growing up!
mine is the worst :(( 
writing this to ensure i bypass the filter
you don't like women
I know a dude who can speak multiple languages, is well read, works out, has a good job and plays video games all the time. You're just afraid of what other people will think because you're a faggot.
you used to be an optimist
You're introverted (as opposed to being a failed extrovert)
probably a chill guy
you sometimes go days without bathing
You hate when sometime you like gets popular
You smoke weed
lazy phone poster incoming 
what is your rank in sf5
You like to spend your money for fun. You have probably blown an entire paycheck on a knife skin before.
indian hands typed this post
spot on! im more conservative with my spending now though
Rate me. I've been playing League and Valorant a lot lately
you are a tranny that is terrible at videogames
I'm terrible at guessing so I'm just gonna post mine.
You play midlane and are turbo stuck silver.
You like to drink and haven't watched the walking dead since season 3
Not sure what this means, I just like designing cars
SR4PHM
You are in your late 20's
I'm not too bad right?
you should join us in the vrchat threads
i dont play vrchat anymore
You are subbed to northernlion and used to use his issac videos as background noise.
I don't know who northernlion is but I do watch isaac videos everyday. One guy makes 2 videos every 24 hours and I've been watching all of them for the past like year.
How does he do it?
Super diamond
Originally the only reason you play CS GO is to play it with your friends. You recently got hooked so you started to play it more. 
You really do like completing your games.
Also you most likely play different games outside of steam, like MMOs or Riot games.
You were that one kid in school who was super fascinated with world war II
Originally the only reason you play CS GO is to play it with your friends. You recently got hooked so you started to play it more.
I had only 1 friend to play cs go with and he blocked from everywhere a year and a half ago. Since then I haven't had a friend and play for hours cs go alone.
You really do like completing your games.
You got it. I buy games only to get 100% on them. I'm not stopping until all achievements are complete!
Only osu and fall guys. I don't play MMOs
Awful at guessing but ye
you should really give it a try again, its a lot better with anons from r9k, just keep an eye out for the vrchat thread that pops up on saturdays
Here's mine. Mostly play OSRS these days so most of my vidya time isn't on Steam. Otherwise usually a sim-racing fag with my VR headset. Still get some L4D2 in occasion.
I thought /r9k/ would have less normie tastes. Disappointed.
You play the nurse and face camp in DBD to piss people off.
very close i play wesker and tunnel
pretty accurate i just get sick of people a lot
honestly this past week has been pretty fun
OP eats hot pockets
this man watches vtubers 
this dude is stuck in 2008
You are very opinionated on politics 
You have gotten into arguments with strangers over whether 2D drawings constitute as pornography or not
this man is just vibing
You're a weeb
You have several meme folders
Based car autist
I've been mostly playing my old Gamecube games lately, so not a lot of steam history. I can't stand nu-CoD. I come back after not playing since MW3 and find a bunch of retards that buy skins, shitty maps, gay-ass slide canceling, and I have no friends anymore. Not sure how much longer I'll play. the nostalgia is barely there at this point.
i want a footfag gf
autism at work boys
Most shit I play nowadays is through pirating
HOI4 is a great game, I'll sit down at 12 am and play for 14 hours straight, then not touch it again for a couple weeks
new account dont bully pls
I don't play many games. But this is what I got.
fetal alchohol syndrome eastern european slav animal.
same as previous poster
40 year old tranny
/pol/ chud
hambeast female
75IQ
zoomer
tranny
reddit
nigger
reddit
80IQ
works at walmart
manlet chink
35 year old failure.
Just started HRT
bugman autist
subhuman 
slavshit nigger
slavshit pol nigger
chud
watches kardashians (f1) so 75IQ
tranny
works at target
zoomer
manchild
chink tranny
chud tranny
smelly autist.
autist bugsperg
damn youre right
I am 32 anon.
slavshit 
No
pol 
No
My skin is light enough to blind people when they look at me.
In conclusion, you should kill yourself unironically
Can't make out anything. I don't like Dota2.
You've got a lot of time on your hands. 100% a NEET.
GMod Chad. You no longer find the time to play vidya.
Good taste, unfortunately I'm too retarded for HOI.
Plays niece games. Or at least I consider them that because I've never heard of them except for Little Witch Nobeta (because of cunny).
The reason why GTA VI didn't come out yet.
Do the last achievement on the last game.
No clue. A friend of mine used to be obsessed with Dead by Daylight.
I don't know what the hell that Crab game is but your autism made you get 52 achievements.
Likes fighter games. Tekken is superior.
Only has one game and is obsessed with it.
Probably still bad at CsGo. Obsessed with Dead by Daylight.
Looked up Earth Defense Force 5, looks like Adhd.
Loves Mordhau. I recently played it and even though I was good at it the skill gap between veterans and new players was too huge so I uninstalled.
Barely plays anything. Tests and abandons.
I don't know. Apparently likes shooters.
No life CsGo.
Clueless.
Autism.
Average raging slav on CsGo. Might be a fag coomer (VR chat).
Good taste.
Autism+No life csgo.
How the hell do you have 1,6k hours on HOI but no achievements?
/o/bsessed with cars, perhaps?
/r9k/ is normieville now. You love Knockout City, achievements show.
Good taste.
Mental illness (Getting over it all three achievements)
Looks like coomershit at the end.
manchild
cuck
It got fun after the first win.
Faggot
both wrong i'm mostly a "subhuman" of all the buzzwords
Game made me rage and I refunded. I didn't get over it.
blabba ba grabba :D
You actually got that I'm a slav. I gotta give you that one man.
im praying for him
if anyone gets me remotely correct I will suck a cock/kill a homeless guy
Why'd you use an steam archievement unlocker for CS GO?
I didn't, got most of them legit, the possible ones at least. Also used handy workshop maps or older versions of maps from the workshop
Yes I'm a forever alone virgin and play Fap Goddess for the gameplay, not the hentai aspect.
Guess what i play besides card autism
that is the least-objectionable thing in your image to be fair
What is the most then?
like all of it
at least its not marvel snap
You're truly a master of the English language. The way you put together a response is award worthy.
I'm kidding in case you didn't realize it.
i am un plebian
What's your rank after the frontiers update
I've been enjoying, would like to hear some thoughts though
Do people still play the old MW2? Or is it like 200 people that will shoot me through walls because they know the spawns so well?
Not even close.
Accurate AF on both accounts
If people shoot you through walls they're probably just walling. People suck at the game and are just mindless idiots. Very rarely you'll run into a good player. But yeah, almost no one plays it anymore and all the hosts are in like Russia or something. You'd have a better time on that one modded version with dedi servers but I can't think of the name of it. But it's pretty solid. If you want a fun nostalgia night of MW2 I would definitely suggest finding it. It's called IW4x I think? But there was also some other name for it
I like my paradox games.
I got one of paradox games when it was free and the amount of clickable buttons and menu shit is just too fucking much for me.
my autistic brain loves it, seeing those numbers go up makes me coom.
I need something I'm actually interested in to go full autistic. Last year it was Baseball Spreadsheet Simulator 23.
I only play on game and that is hunt showdown 1.5k hours
I love all three of those games, but Stellaris got stale. New EU4 DLC looks fun, and HOI4 is still somehow feeling fresh, though that's probably just my mods.
Yeah i can see how stellaris can get old. EU4 though never gets old i find, it also has so many full conversion mods its fucking amazing the best of which is Anbennar.
To be honest EU4 never got stale for me, despite putting hundreds of hours into it. I've tried modded, but it just feels too wrong. Not for HOI4 or Stellaris though.
I feel as if hoi4 gets stale really fast because of how rigid it normally plays out. Sure, you can turn off historical AI, but then it often becomes too easy. Countries often fail to form alliances and become easily dividable.
1400 hours on Mordhau
You have a footlong salami cock
Jesus Christ nigga, playing it raw in the browser in 2006 was better than this shit
https://runelite.net/
https://www.jagex.com/en-GB/launcher
Is there even 1 (one) single Paradox grand strategy game which has a GOOD tutorial?
I would like to click the buttons and make the numbers go up... but I need guidance.
No, there are no good tutorials, we all had to go through the fire to be able to play them, just like you will have to, if you want a shot at enjoying them.
It's fine to give up, eu3 was my first pdx game and I gave up trying to play it 3 times, months passning by every time, the 4th time it clicked and now I've lost more than 10k hours in the different titles.
nah not really. Its one of those games where you need to just play for hours upon hours before you even start to understand it. Also watch youtube videos if you really want help, but i warn you the simple youtube tutorials are like 40 mins long. I would also start with CK3 as thats the newer one with an easier start for newer people i guess.
retard
how do you have that many hours and no achievements?
Thank you for giving me your best answers. I guess it can't be helped.
one simple answer, mods. I also modify the game too much for achievements to be enabled. I dont really care about achievements at all.
Been trying to cut down on games recently to make morw time for financial growth. Only log into CS:GO to check my investments and invest in more skins/stickers.
any1 wanna pub or MGE?
i would origiunballyu
How the hell do you have 1,6k hours on HOI but no achievements
I used to play it while folding clothes in university or would play on 1 speed after a long day of classes because my schedule was class from 8-9am to around 8pm and then all the homework and projects and shit drained me. 
Also modded singleplayer and never used ironman
What is a chud i just assume its like right winger stuck in 2017 or smth
DBD is usually my most recently played game btw
go mge.
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin 
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
virgin
if you're older than 13 and play videogames kys. lift weights, do something productive.
just because you said that i won't
i expected to see more rimworld in this thread
not pictured: hundreds of hours in Rising Storm 2/Red Orchestra
KEEENNSHHIIII
MY DIGGGEEERRR
fellow war enthusiasts
my friend slept with like 20 girls and he had like 4k hours in dota
I am originally
Nooooo, you can't just do things that you enjoy! Noooo! (insert crying wojak here) I do exercise every day btw.
Fuck productivity, it's all bullshit all the way down.
tourist, I better not see you in cs2 lobbies
I don't play video games anymore because of how bad they are for me but my play history is 
2.6k ARK survival evolved (cancer game)
and if there existed counters for these games:
1k terraria
and if there existed counters for these games:
Lifting weights isn't productive either lmfao fuck off. If you aren't doing something to make you money then you aren't being productive (and this is fine).
Ancient 4
add me if you are from the eu or middle east and want to join our group of autists we play games very regularly especially if youre a nolife neet. Mainframe#0599
add me on discord we're looking for regular players(eu or east) to play games with yesterday we played 7 different games
Mainframe#0599
i don't really use steam anymore
why tf not
originality comment
not playing a lot on steam lately. third game is something free i tried out.
It deviates based on what I'm playing at the time.
7 friends and TF2. You think people are laughing with you when their actually laughing at you.
You are not white
You watch northernlion
You played with bionicles as a kid
You think your opinion has a lot of value
Kinda scared by what yall will say
You are subbed to XQC on twitch.
My ACC hours are all in content manager, and I only played CK3 for AGOT. More interestingly, what are you guys most played games?
For me its EU4, HoI4, CK2, Skyrim, Civ V and Vic2.
any zomboid enjoyers?
rip
mostly just play valorant these days
Yeah its very good
best zombiegame ive played in years, and awesome multiplayer potential.
i follow but im not a sub and im rarely watching him
hes kinda really exhausting to listen to but i have in the past a bit yeah
Everybody thinks their opinion has value.
That's 13 hours a day. What the fuck.
ayy
yy
y
lmao
mao
ao
o
You're the type of person to do something thinking you are undoubtedly correct and the universe immediately proving you're wrong (this twofold if you're with other people)
Is this what it's like to grow up? I don't even like or want to play vidya much anymore, and it doesn't even feel forced.
I'm playing a lot of Alyx too and retro games on my crt but a lot of the time I just don't feel like starting up the system.
hi vlad
kja2vm
Hello gamers!
Yeah, MMOs seem pointless when you're a friendless robot.
