I had a bad day. Everything is going to shit. People I know are having a bad time too.
How to cope... 
Also tell me what (You)r problems are
I would like to do the last of my drugs right now. However, I cannot buy more until Friday. Pretty shit problem I guess. At least I don't care about anything else.
Glad to see I'm not the only one, what happened anon?
For me it is rather small but still makes me sad but motivated to make some changes
Also that pic is lit, I recently bought all the books but missing the n5 so I am stuck at the fourth one for now
Fuck, if I could ever afford a life of drugs I would no doubt be in your situation. Hope you get clean and successful or die in an overdose after feeling pure bliss. 
I lost my wagie job as a bartender (the same day I was gonna quit), my mother doesn't want me going back to town, my brother whom I live with showed his true colors and didn't tell me he was about to move and lastly I'm broke.
I still got my friends but their each having a hard time of their own.
they're* each
Holy shit I'm wasted sorry
Damn, that sounds rough
I hope it will get better for you anon, but I'm sure it will
also checked
recovering from a breakup, tons of crying no eating...etc
Oh and uni deadlines piling up
It's good you go to uni. People don't give you that much shit about what you're doing with your life.
Sorry about your breakup but trust me when I say you WILL get over it. Don't go back to her side if she texts you or something. It will bring you no good. I know both from firsthand and other people's experiences
For me it's insomnia hitting me hard for the past few days, also I finally dated a girl a few times after more than a year of being single but I feel like she's not interested anymore despite me being very interested so back to square one
It's a he, we broke up because of LDR, I keep telling myself I will never fall for it again, but I always do. That was my last one though, I really miss him, I had plans of moving in with him and start again. All of that went to shit now
I tried to take you seriously and you spout on my face
I know I know...never again
