another sleepless night, another stupid post. still a neet with no job, no degree and no gf. still feel like shit. still getting the chest pains.
last few days I haven't been going out at all. not that I go out often normally but at least I would go to a supermarket or a shopping center to buy snacks or some other stuff. sometimes I would just go out for a walk. idk I don't wanna do anything. I don't even wanna go to japanese course or gym anymore. I feel like nothing I do is worth anything. nothing really helps. idk I'm just really tired of everything.
tell me anons, how do I get some energy and morale to do things?
previous thread: >>73068950 
Go out in the middle of the night, drink alcohol, smash glass bottles, sit in corners and look at a river or something, just start goblinmaxxing asap
I'll be honest, I have no idea.
some energy
Nutrition/health is the only way. Did you try out sulforaphane or broccoli sprouts?
No clue. Mine is at an all time low. I'm just holding on for dear life.
Go out in the middle of the night
no thanks
I'll be honest, I have no idea.
neither do I
Nutrition/health is the only way. Did you try out sulforaphane or broccoli sprouts?
I hate broccoli but I eat other vegetables
same
wish i knew buddy, been many years since i've had that. easily over half a decade.
hope it gets better for you long before that lad
I currently have almost no job prospects, no girlfriend, few friends and honestly life has never been better.
Just go brush your teeth or something, make your bed, get the hell out of your room. I got no arc but so what? For so many people the biggest obstacle in life is themselves so just try and get past your own self.
Get a job. I will keep repeating this advice to you until you actually start seriously looking.
wish i knew buddy
same
hope it gets better for you long before that lad
I hope it gets better for all of us
I currently have almost no job prospects, no girlfriend, few friends and honestly life has never been better.
good for you
For so many people the biggest obstacle in life is themselves so just try and get past your own self.
I'm trying but it's not really working idk
Get a job.
sure
you're gonna be here for a while then.
the only reason I've accomplished anything is life is because I made massive commitments and was too chickenshit or anxious to back out of them
Honest question, how much time do you spend here? Like what's going on big guy?
dilcock?
was too chickenshit or anxious to back out of them
good thing that thing worked out for you.
not much actually. I usually browse /g/ and /v/ for about half an hour and if I'm really bored I usually browse /wsg/ for a short while. that's about it. also before bed I come here to post these threads. I usually watch some youtube videos while waiting replies.
lemme weigh in as a current college student. I'm not gonna go too much into my situation, but slowly getting a daily routine does wonders to physical health and also mental health. At first I'd barely be able to roll out of bed 30 minutes before class, but now I'm waking up at a consistent time, eating a healthy breakfast, brushing my teeth, making coffee, and packing lunch before I go. Its a gradual process but by taking that tiny bit of control in your life, the other stuff becomes easier. 
Baby steps my nig
Misc. Life advice
clean yo room
wash yo ass
Think of unhealthy food as slop unfit for your consumption. Workout everyday. Eat meat fruit vegetables only. Everyone else is beneath you. You must attain greatness you have all the time apparently so it will be easy
Baby steps my nig
it's already clean
clean yo room
it's already clean
wash yo ass
just washed it
unhealthy food
healthy food doesn't taste good
Workout
tiresome
Eat meat fruit vegetables only
I eat vegetables
nothing is easy
It's the sprouts, not the stalk
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8987744/
The sprouts contain at least 25x as much
Faggot
