I've quit smoking every single day of the week.
Flush em down the toilet, and panic and spend another 12 dollars at the store in 2 hours.
Idc about cancer.
Can't wait for it.
But chronic chest pain, (unfortunately completely healthy), and the expenses are wearing on me.
Did the gum, and the patch, going to try wearing two 21mg patches. Or 3 if doc says it won't kill me. 
I don't even care about the pain anymore.
ibuprofen can fuck off, it's just draining my fucking wallet, every time I get paid.
Solid cold turkey tips, unironically going to go smoke again right now, and hope for early morning (you)s.
Fembot btw.
Doomer feels thread for jannies.
Smoke near half a box a day, I'm going broke and I need the money to donate to Amouranth.
Is everyone a weedfag now.
Are cigarettes gigaboomer tier now?
I hate alcohol so I just forced myself to drink to stop smoking, after a few weeks it was no problem to stop drinking and I got through the withdrawal for smoking.
if youre able to quit cigs or alcohol cold turkey youre unironically strong minded. that shit is HARD.
I did for 4 months, then I saw an anti vaping ad on youtube, and I was like, fuck, I miss my cigarettes.
Funny how those damn ads work.
keeping a drinking straw around can aid a little bit
You can hold them like a cigarette and just suck air through them so you get a bit of that similar breathe-in feeling
i have no self so control so i feel your pain. dont feel bad.
You have to accept the fact that quitting isn't a cause-effect. Quitting isn't anything you can ever succeed at. You never stop quitting. Every day, you make the decision not to do something, no matter how bad you wanted. I have had three cigarette since 2019. I don't consider myself quit because I want one every fucking day. Same with liquor, I've been alcohol free since December 4. I want a drink and a smoke every fucking day. Just decide whether or not you're better than some dirt rolled up in to a paper.
congrats keep going when i was sober from everything i genuinnely felt clear of mind and grounded. its just i cant stop going back to either. i wish i could take my own advice. addiction is reallt fucking hard to overcome
I never really "quit" these vices, I just replace them with some other vice to help shake-off of the addiction of the old vice
Call me a fag, but the only thing that worked for me to quit smoking was to switch to vaping. When I first tried a vape it was some friend's big box mod and I hated it, coughing away on big clouds of cotton-candy flavour. But then I tried a little pod vape and the experience was much more like smoking a cigarette, and I used a vape juice with a mild mint flavour.
the self worth of many people on this board is lower than dirt
Grapefruit or cranberry juice will flush the nicotine out of your blood pretty fast.
You probably know this one but whenever you put on a patch or something, go take a walk or do whatever you usually did when smoking a cigarette. Routine is ~1/4 of the addiction mechanism.
Nicotine lozenges are good because they give you something to do with your mouth.
If all else fails try snus or some other smokeless tobacco. Far better than smoking for your health.
I've been smoking for 6 years and counting and vaping won't do anything to me. I bought a vape pen some time ago and It didnt do anything to the point I smoked that entire pen in 2/3 days. 
I guess I'm stuck with my cigs forever. Not complaining.
honestly, you could be drinking, smoking weed or doing worse drugs. Just switch to vape if smoking/smelling like tobacco/lung capacity is an issue. you might still get cancer from it, but at least is a much more casual way of smoking.
nicotine patches/gum/spray is all trash. you're just as addicted to the action of inhaling something deeply in your lungs, as your are to just nicotine. 
also no need to torture yourself. all that energy you spend daily trying to resist an urge that turned into a habit is making your life more miserable than smoking itself ever could.
if you really do wanna quit, doing a lot of exercise like proper cardio can help. it will make you feel good enough to where you'll have easier time fighting urges
it really depends on the vape and what cigarettes you smoke. there are different strengths of nicotine and you'll probably have harder time quitting if you smoke reds
The volume of most vapes is usually close to a pack of cigarettes. It's probably not that much for you.
Start vaping my man... Cigarettes are more addictive but you can transition with some hardship. (way less hardship than quitting).
I cant be bothered getting into the science but basically nicotine when combusted with tobacco produces further chemicals that really makes your brain go bananas for habit formation and addiction. Certain MAOI's or something. In other words smoking through the delivery of tobacco combustion is way worse in terms of addiction in addition to health.
Vape. get 20mg juice. it'll hit the spot. You can taper down as needed after youve been on vapes for a long time. I'd just become a vaper indefinitely until you feel ready to come off. Then go down to 18mg juice, then 16mg, then 14mg. Maybe 1-2 months at a time. its not a fast process.
That's normal. The 600 puff bars you clean them out in a day easy as an ex-smoker. That doesnt mean youre badly addicted it means its working as intended.
I have never smoked cigarettes but have been on vapes for less than a year now. Approaching a year. If I buy 600 puff bars I need to buy 1 every single day and if I buy the bulkier 3500 puff bars its like 3 days. Theres no way they last as long as advertised. Because a puff is like a 0.5 second drag. Addicted users will take 4 second drags so youre taking like 8 puffs in 1 go.
Dont feel bad about using 1 vape pen a day. Thats normal. And I said in a previous post buy a vape.. its cheaper and you can control the mg and slowly reduce over months to redcue your nicotine addiction intensity.
Have you ever considered just, y'know, not buying the smokes?
just vape instead
get two uwell caliburns (so you can use one and charge one for later) and uwell koko pods (same shape, newer and better, released with the koko instead of the caliburn) and some nicotine salts ejuice (despite being a ex heavy smoker and ex juul user, with juul being 60mg nic/ml juice i use ~25mg/ml juice)
25 is still ridiculous. In the UK 20 is the max and I rip on that all day. I end up waking up in the middle of the night everynight these days related to nicotine withdrawal
Vaping is harder to quit because you can hit it wherever and whenever. Also cigs at least give you the shit taste, so at least you can feel disgusting after smoking.
With vaping, you're still damaging your lungs but other than that the only downside is looking like a sweaty gentleman gamer
i sleep just fine, but i hit it within a few minutes of waking up. 12mg freebase tastes shit so i don't know what else to get; its almost always 25 or 35 or 50mg here
Not even gonna read the thread. Get snus (tobacco pouches) or nicotine pouches. Not strong ones either. You'll quit before you know it. Cigarettes are the most overrated drug ever invented, just stop.
i've stuck to the same brand of cigarettes for the last 2+ years
davidoff classic
only cigarette that's really strong but you don't feel the actual strength
