hey anon, we'd like to invite you to a threesome
I hate dasha so fucking much i dont care if the bug forgave her shes a lying cheating manipulative whore who doesn't deserve the career she has but shes a woman so i guess she just gets to spread her fishy smelling pussy for producers and redscare listeners are the biggest loser cucks on the internet and i hope all of them get lit on fire and every nerve ending in in their body feels a searing pain that they'll carry in the ripples of their soul in their inevitable but slow death
Why are east coasters so hideous
drugs . i can leave my life and have 4 black guys give me free dope just cause im white and they need sales and want me to buy.
ashkenazimutts and slavgroids, two most hideous spawns of Yakub
leave my house not life. freudian slip i wont suicide so easy
Most of them have Jewish blood.
calm down it's just a podcast 
i think they're all still friends at the end of the day, Nick mentioned "hey Dasha just texted me" during one of the TAFS shows
fuck dasha she sucked balls on succession
Shitty fast food bodega diet
High pollution
"Best tap water in the world" NYC water chemical soup, extra fluoride
Alcoholic, mild drug addict lifestyle
Alcoholic, mild drug addict lifestyle
change mild with acute and you philly
hey anon, we'd like to invite you for a threesome
As long as it isn't recorded and put on the Internet and no one tries to stick anything up my ass, and the other dude doesn't want to make out with me or some other fag shit I am fine with having a threesome. Especially if the girl is attractive.
Group sex seems like it could be fun. Maybe not all the time but as a special occasion thing it seems like a good time.
meanwhile you anglos are the most beautiful spawns of yakub... um NOT
from what i've heard threesomes are always awkward unless its two random chicks being piss horny on the same chad.
from what i've heard threesomes are always awkward
ALWAYS unless youre with a girl whos a freak. if so you need to worship her desu
i am not an anglo i am an ebony KANG
Had a few degenerate druggy friends so said 3soms and other group sex was good. But they also said drugs definitely helped everyone "vibe together" and it would probably be awkward sober. They said if sober it's probably best to tag team instead of go at the same time.
