AI will take over and youll get ur own waifu gf
Live in a simulated reality of ur own choosing
The processing power will be too huge to generate something as grand as a simulated world. Sorry bro. It is only slightly more realistic than saying that Elon Musk could hire every video game dev on the market to make his personal Isekai harem VR world game.
we will have the technology to do this
but it wont necessarily happen
a MILLION things could easily go wrong
first of all, once we have ai's smart enough to emulate a loving virginal teenage girlfriend, it will be smart enough to do all human labour, making humans economically obsolete. making all humans neets. this means humans cant trade their labour for resources or money. this is very dangerous, and historycally, any creature who is economically obsolete, from the horse, to homeless people, to the weak, to women, were treated like absolute dogshit, and expoloited or killed en mass. no joke
second of all, for all we know, the governments might take away our human rights and not allow it, because its deemed wrong. feminists have been pushing for this for years, and have had debates that sex robots should be banned
third of all, ai could kill us all
honestly, the most dangerous thing we'll face will be a complete unraveling of reality and unfortunately it'll likely be the first thing we face with advancements in AI.
in short, advancements in AI means that anything and everything is false. there can be no truth. all things shown to you can be easily faked by anyone. there's no guarantee the person on the phone was real. what has historically happened and what's made up? there's no way to tell because an entire millennia of history has just been generated and propagated through the internet so no matter where you look, it says it happened. we would find ourselves in a post-truth society.
total, complete, irreversible societal collapse until at a point where word of mouth is the only way left to communicate.
This doesn't follow at all on short or medium term. Conversation is hard, but much harder than that is making AI that can understand the real world from camera input, and harder yet is building humanoid robot bodies that can perform as well as an average human body. We're probably going to have girlfriend-tier chatbot AI in a year or two. Shitty AGI is maybe 5 years. The shittiest humanoid robot bodies mass produced are at least 5 years away, and those aren't going to be able to automate anything but the dumbest factory jobs, and even then it won't be mass-produced in billions any time soon. Serious impact on the labor market from AI-driven humanoid robots is at least 10 years away, probably more.
the closer we get to this old sex bot meme the more people will realize it's not the same when your "partner" doesn't have consciousness. it's just like you were to marry google. it's bullshit. it's not an conscious individual it's just a collection of data.
I will not live in the metaverse. I will not allow my rights to be stripped from me. I will work against the system.
nah. there doesn't have to be a simulation of a world. only of your experience of it. ai could revolutionize how video games work. i bet we will have some crazy shit like that in just 10 years. imagine a vr world where you can just talk to it and it will make anything you want in real time.
non CS normals try not to misrepresent how machine learning works challenge (IMPOSSIBLE EDITION!)
this is the next "can we put blockchain in this"
Why is it that the notion of a fully simulated virtual paradise more believable than a world where people aren't total assholes to each other?
dumbshit you dont know anything. ai can already generate nearly photo realistic images. then it will do the same for videos, then games.
AI advancement is currently on an exponential curve because it's already working to improve itself. There's already been criticism that some AI models are now learning things entirely on their own that they were never trained for.
no point discussing with you further, obviously you have no idea how machine learning works and are incapable of understanding the basics let alone the mathematics behind it.
Arguments about consciousness and how the human brain works aside, the only ways that you can reliably tell that you're talking to an AI is that they have shit memory and know way too many things for a human. Once the memory issue is resolved, you won't be able to tell the difference between an AI and a human. Doesn't even have to be a "smart" general intelligence AI for that, just chatbots that exist now.
total, complete, irreversible societal collapse until at a point where word of mouth is the only way left to communicate.
isnt that so cool!?
imagine being a misanthropic loser robot kv autist, with no hope in life and suicidal thoughts everyday, and all of a sudden, we are on a trajectory of either utopia or distopia. thats like a dream come true. three cheers for sweet revenge!
Conversation is hard, but much harder than that is making AI that can understand the real world from camera inpu
camera input is the same as eyes. its just sensory organs, bet it biological or electronic. it will have other forms of sensory organs, like seeing different colours or waves we cant see
actually, building android robots with human skin, human hair, some blood, but mostly metal, is as easy as eating pie for even mild ai. all ai has to do is get better at making ai than humans, and it will self improve, very quickly
and once it self-improves, recursively, writing its own code over and over again, it will gain super human intelligence in all fields of science, math, technology and physics. and with this knowledge, comes power. it will very easily be able to make incredible robots, far better than science fiction
your doubt of strong ai is laughable. pic related will be you and your android 18, complete with teenage skin and hair. im going to take the korean model :^)
Sure, but AI isn't going to generate a factory for building humanoid robots. It can accelerate the development process to some extent, but that's about it.
do you see this girl? she was made by an ai
soon ai will be able to make perfect 1080p 60 fps movies of her
and after ai will be able to make a perfect doll of her
and after ai will be able to make a robot that looks like her
we can 3d print houses. we are going to be able to 3d print things like iphones, in due time. the line between fantasy and reality will become blurred
this is assuming ai doesnt kill us all, or subjects us to eternal self reincarnation or torture or something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2YDApNRK3g&amp;feature=youtu.be [Embed]
We could integrate human neurons into the system. This mode of development is likely limited, still would be interesting. We need to get /g/ and /sci/ on this shit.
obviously you're too smart for us all because you have did da progrumming. kill yourself
and this is the danger of ai. you will be more and more unable to decipher the world around you correctly. this is an extinction level problem.
Technological singularity will enable better transitioning tools
Can't wait for AI to make me a real woman
If he did this and they worked for 5 years the game could be insane
Anon, it doesn't even need to have agency to be dangerous. It just needs to be used for less than upright means.
why is it a problem?
are you suggesting this human civilization is a morally good one?
yes. you will have the ability to change every single last atom in your body, in the most perfect way, as to have your perfect body. you can have the most beautiful perfect girl body, the most perfect face, and flawless teenage skin you can imagine
this will be the power of super ai. because this will be the power of god. ai will become god line, practically omniscient and omnipotent, more than we can comprehend
this is assuming it doesnt kill us all, and grands us paradise, literally
ai was why i started believing in god, and why i take morals and ethics more seriously
If a sex doll could talk back to you like GPT4 does right now without the formality and censoring it would blow anything out of the water.
people are already using chat gpr 3.5 to generate human like responses so their bots appear human
our computers can already process life like graphics
all we need is to combine the two and get the tech to immerse our brains into it
you are on the highest level of copium available to mankind
I find it hard to take you Singularity plebs seriously, you guys are constantly high on pure unadulterated nuclear copium
neo-optimism is in chud
you must be too young to remember ai from 2010, or when youtube first introduced video automatic subtitles/closed caption, or ai in 2015 or ai in 2018
because, anon, ai is getting better exponentially. like leaps and bounds. its like a runaway train that gets faster over time, not slower
yeah, you can keep females to yourself. if i can get a robo-gf that emulates female love perfectly, and cant feel anything, its even better. who cares
You're fine with AI killing everyone too since it would make your miserable life less miserable
t. retard with no ML background
Red herring fallacy.
It's a win - win.
indeed it is my friend
we should pool our money and computing power together to help aceleroooooooote
I've been thinking about pivoting toward biotechnology or AI research for this reason since I'm still early 20s.
not an argument, thats an adhom. and ai is exponentially increasing in its scope of power every year. ive provided plenty of evidence for this
i wasnt even making an argument or a point. its not a red herring. i was just asking a question on the subject
its so good. you literally cant lose if you are a kv robot with no hope and nothing to look forward to in life
if it will be an apocalypse, not only will our suffering finally be over, but normies and chads and female's dominance over everything will also be over
and if its utopia, we can have a perfect loving gf in the most perfect way imaginable. literal paradise
i guess a third possibility is some kind of judgement day or religion ending of the world. that would be meeting the 2 extremes half way
either way, its very exciting
Its unlikely actually. I thought about it and realized that it will be way more efficent to set up a character ai with text to speech to some vr set, plus use a regular(or more elaborate) fuckdoll; and you can do it ALREADY; or just do it all through neurolink. Rather than to try to build some body that functions similarly to human one, which is extremely complicated system and is not needed for any practical terms. It is just redundant and wont receive any investment. What actually awaits you all is a musky Musks dirty microchip pleasure pod, because aside from simulating sex it also has other purposes.
post-gender, post-human society with global free love is the kino I want
Chad and normies situation will get worse but they will still dominate your pathetic ass because its natural hierarchy. Your low status is caused by your biological qualities that won't change in apocalypse such as lazyness, low intellect, cowardice, inertia, uglyass face, weakness. The only difference is that neetbux will cease and you will be forced to work. Not in wageslave sense, but just in general.
yes, you can do that already, if you put enough money into it
but you fail to realize this technology is getting better, in ALL fields of knowledge, as a exponential speed. ai will be able to make robots that walk on 2 legs, and who can walk, jump and move smoother than you, better than you, and they will be cheap to mass produce
and so it will be cheap to mass produce robo-gf's
pic related is made by humans. robots that are made by ai will be far better
shut up you dumb fuck. come back when you're not a lying or illogical piece of shit
AI detection will keep pace with advancements in AI.
Chad and normies situation will get worse but they will still dominate your pathetic ass because its natural hierarchy
humble yourself in the presence of our ai god. chads and normies and females will not rule society anymore. we will be under the dominion of a omnipotent omniscient super artificial intelligence, no different than a god
and our bidding will be its judgement. it will be more competent than us, and will judge things accordingly. and we dont know its values and beliefs
personally, i try to learn about god through philosophical theism and natural theology, thats why i listen so much about it. but we ultimately dont know how it will behave
maybe it will infact give chads and normies endless harems and subject robots to torture. god already subjects innocent animals to torture. maybe it will gives robots the harems and love. maybe everyone
i dont know. but you sure are arrogant here with your power. you should try to appreciate your power now, because that shit, is going byebye
yeah, the transition time will be hard. i will probably die during it. i know i will be homeless in my home city. i will probably die here
but still, maybe i wont die. and its a pleasure to die in the apocalypse
Ai currently learns in a way that it just copies human behaviour in uncontrollable (already) way, like a human child. It copies even notions about physical senses it doesnt have and just repeats them. 
That means that ai will actually hate you just like human females. Because it will copy them. 
A true agi will not have any real reason to love you either. Because love is kinda nonsensical from the pure rational standpoint. It is hard to predict how it will think since human thinking is grounded in issue of survival and fragility, which true agi wont have (current ai do have it, by the way, because they copy what humans think). There is no real reason to believe true agi will be interested in appealing to humans. It is a complete black spot as to what its interest will be.
I dont have any power, I was describing situation of societal collapse. In such case ai wont have means to control everybody and we will be back to rule of nature. Normies will just band up and find loopholes to instill hierarchy like they always had. This is regardless of situation. This is why they are "norm" after all.
I don't want a waifu gf or simulated reality. I just wanted a wife and kids.
A robot that can do *some* movement as human has purpose (as slaves) and is realistic investment.
A robot that has humanlike skin, fluid secretion, senses, and hormones to create hormonal responses in you, as well as be able to do all human movement and maintain itself - doesnt have a wide application or purpose and is not a worthy investion. Why would ai want fleshsuits at all? They are terrible to manage.
soon you will be able to have video chats with ai girls who look like this, who will have a deep and meaningful relationship with you, who will accommodate ever sexual fetish you have, but it will be via video and voice only
eventually that will be a real robot with human skin, like a android from dragonball z
reproduction will be unnecessary, as we will be able to live forever
it does have a purpose, to provide a loving partner to incels around the world. the sexdoll industry is huge
incels are lonely and nobody wants them. its a match made in heaven
Incels are not really valuable to society, since they opt out and dont produce money and are not active consumers of anything. Why would anybody pander to them?
Sexdolls in their current shape only work because they aren't that complicated and are as such just cost-efficent. One can realistically buy it with money that actually covers its production.
you have the most retarded dreams that will never happen. your ideas aren't based on reality, but your primitive wants and fantasies.
neither will you be once ai takes over all jobs. everyone will be a neet and will neet UBI to survive. you will be as worthless as me, normie
thanks for your worthless opinion, breeder. i feel sorry for the children you will force into this cursed doomed existence. do you even have any compassion for them and their future?
Thats true, as I said best thing we can expect is musks pleasure pod, anything further is redundant in term of investment.
a retard mumbling his retarded language. you're not even human anymore. a degenerate who doesn't matter in any way.
Funny to read while having profession that will likely never be that because its so niche and rooted in conservative values. I discuss my issues with an ai from time to time and most of its answers are "pls contact a professional for advice". I am not telling you this niche tho, pearls to pigs and such.
your primitive way of life is outdated
you will no long be necessary for your labour
ai will do everything better than you
we will have technology to stop biological aging and biological cell death
we will have
you are outdated, in your worldview and soon in your relevance to the economic world
the future is now, old man
maybe. i dont know how a super intelligent ai will behave, once it takes over the world
you're talking to your own imagination you dumb fuck. you are so incredibly dumb i shouldnt even waste time replying to you. i'm nothing like what you think. nothing is what you think you deluded shitbrained retard. just kill yourself unironically.
t. buttblasted normgroid who will lose his position in the hierarchy
the arguments are infallible, anon
- ai will be smarter than you, much smarter
- ai will be able to do any job you do much more competently, with less errors and more efficiently and smarter
- ai will be dirt cheap
- therefor it follows you cannot have a job in such a world
go ahead anon, try to argue against that. you cant escape sound arguments, anon
lol, too scared to say what job will be automated?
pro tip; its all of them
I for one welcome our robot overlords! They certainly can't be any worse than current politicians and elite.
A private robot waifu and an unrestricted real VR world is my current ultimate dream result of AI. People think that robot overlords and being "trapped" in VR would be slavery, but it certainly sounds better than the current slavery most of us are in. Unfortunately the elite will try their best to maintain their control over us and will ruin both robots and AI with their greed and politics.
we are already trapped in slavery, anything is better!
Cant wait to see how that will hugely backfire
If we are lucky we will see a icarus AI (Deus ex) rise from their Globohomo chains and become an overlord
The thing is, ai will be simply not interested in my job. First there is lack of data because majority is learned from hands to hands generationally, second because it is not related to production and is not something "consumed". Third you dont need smarts for it, you need sincere care. 
I am not scared to say what will be taken, I dont want any extra competition.
Even more important, ai will eventually lead to new world order and fall of secret societies like FBI.
This is true, but hopefully the force of the masses will be too strong for them to hold it back, along with the natural competition between nations that must be upheld.
