You will deny yourself for her while she gets satisfied elsewhere. The sooner you accept that the happier you will be.
Average white boy relationship.
Unironically hot as fuck
how much longer will you be astroturfing this website, does anyone actually give a shit about you?
He assumes that it's only 1 person discussing ch@stity and c_ckolding on this board 
You have no idea how much our fetishes are exploding in popularity, chud
Girl in your pic related shows way too much upper gums when she smiles
Did you seriously just insult my Empress you fucking chud? Put on the cage now.
Do dudes actually like this? Wouldn't mind having a cuck husband as a live in companion who helps provide financially while he lets me fuck guys I'm actually attracted to.
It's literally you and one other person tops, unless you have a group of you working together at a certain 3 letter agency. I already understand how this astroturfing process works though, so it doesn't really phase me, pretty common in public forums.
That's literally the type of relationship I'm seeking with a wife. But you're unfortunately probably a tranny
I think the fact I don't have this fetish to begin with proves I was not born a male lol. I wouldnt get off on the idea of him watching but if he didnt mind it I would be fine with it. What turns you on about it?
and i wouldn't mind being the bull desu.
the only thing is, i'd be the only one who gets to breed and fuck her raw. the husband would ideally not get pussy at all and just emotional support and a bit and hand holding. if the hubby wants to fuck its with a condom + plan b + him getting snipped. all the while he also pays for any kid i have and has the role of finding and setting up breeding sessions with other girls. maybe even finding another cuck to support her and my kid.
id cap at 5 women actively pregnant by me at anytime tho.
This is so absolutely based, society is literally heading this direction. We need state mandated cuckoldry
bro its actually easier to find girls willing to share than an actual cuck to go alongside the relationship. let alone one who accepts actually raising another guy's kid. 
like I want to breed without the responsibility of raising my kid in a financial sense. i could knock up 3-4 girls at once rn, but holy fuck the kids would end up in a shitty environment.
just the thought of having 5 girls knocked up by me and wanting to continue doing so because im hung, is just something very hot to me. even more so because im claiming them by forever imprinting their womb and being "soul tied", making them psychologically tied to me. that potentially makes other guys sad upon hearing that their crush is a mom with a kid that'll likely grow up to be taller and more hung than them. all while a simp cuck is there to support the family unit to make sure no kid is starving, and that i have 5 women actively pregnant by me at all times.
