<comment>
Alright robots, time to post the stories you cannot tell anyone you know. I'll start.
be me
slightly autistic 15-year-old swede born at the end of the 90s
family are mostly high-middle class liberals except for semi-based farmer uncle, also the only one that I have talked to about this before.
anyways, grew up in wealthy, pretty nice part of Gothenburg
dad is a politican for the Left party, mom works in accounting
have a lifelong friendship with my only cousin (fake name Sara) on my mother's side
we were playmates as kids and went to the same kindergarten, would basically always have at least one day of the week where we spent all afternoon playing and watching TV together. My mother and my aunt apparently thought it was the most adorable thing they had ever seen.
I wasn't really friends with anyone else mind you at this point, I for the most part loved being alone and making everything just the way I liked it. >She was the one exception to this, whenever she was around it was like magic, we never had fights or threw tantrums at each other. Despite me being a litteral toddler I swear I rememmber those days near-perfectly. 
Time passes, Sara comes over to play less and less. Found later it was because my aunt and her was moving with uncle-in-law to the capital, and also because we were getting a little old for play days (she was 9 when we lost contact completely, I was 8). My mom also probably worried about me not forming regular friendships because of her.
Regardless, I became a loner. Kept mostly to myself throughout middleschool, had two or three friends I hung out with but nothing closer than someone I attended parties and had birthdays with. 
Cont.
<comment>
be 15, boomer grandmother's birthday is going to be a big deal because reasons. Whatever. Since I was twelve I basically did nothing (other than school and friends that is) except become part of a swimming team and listen to music.
I don't want to say I forgot all about Sara, but I think the memory of her was starting to get very faint; I basically never actively thought about her.
get to the venue, its basically a neo-classicalish house with a fancy garden and lights everywhere. Aunt and Uncle got married at the same location years ago. Boring but okay, I guess it could be worse.
go up the stairs leading to the mainentrance and in through the open doors.
ohshitohshitohshit.gif
It's Sara. It had to be her. She had changed so much over the years, but I could never mistake those baby-blue eyes for anyone else. I don't even know why or what I'm feeling at this point, but I still remember the weird, floating feeling in my stomach as I stood there- Butterflies doesn't cover it. I don't recall exactly how, but all of a sudden my uncle-in-law is shoving me in front of her and saying "its anon, you remember him right Sara? you were playmates right?"
pleasesayyes.heartstop
"oh, yeah..." she looks like she is half-way between shocked and scared. "uhm, how have you been anon?"
reliefunlikeanyfeltbyhumankindbefore.mp4
but also
autisticspaghettistirsinpocket.gif
stretch my hand out towards her like I want to shake her hand, and say "I'm alright how about you?" a little too loudly.
an awkard pause follows.
killmerightnow.mp3
cont.
<comment>
despite dropping the ball so hard it fell through the ground initially we do get into an alright, but not flawless, conversation. 
every time she talked to me or looked at me my stomach tingled and I would have to struggle to keep the spaghetti in my pockets whenever I respond.
even to this day I can't feel shame for the fact that my eyes kept wandering down towards her chest where her breats pressed against the blue fabric of the dress. They weren't huge or anything, but large enough to be very clearly distinguishable from her chest.
we sit down at the sofa in the living room, most of the adults have gone into the kitchen or are out in the garden or upstairs. She tells me about what she has been up to, I avoid talking about what I'm currently doing like its the plauge and instead try to pull at my mind to remember more of our childhood together.
turns out she remembers far, far more than I do. She mentions how my aunt told her we always used to hug alot as kids. The mood improves over the next few minutes, we don't have basically anything in common except that we both enjoy similar music. That doesn't matter though, I just want to keep her talking to me for as long as I can.
(Her face was freckled slightly, she had a very tiny nose and a slightly taller forehead than usual. Its fucking scary how accurately I can imagine her even as I sit here typing this).
a couple more minutes go by, we talk about life and other things. Its not really anything important but she looks like she is having a good time. Conversation eventually dies down. She looks like she is mulling something over.
<comment>
I found my mom's dildo because I heard it vibrating in her panty drawer. I proceeded to shove it up my unwashed 12 year old anus with no lube.
<comment>
"hey, anon... do you remember how we used to pretend-kiss alot as kids?" she looked slightly, upset? her eyes were slightly glossy and she was biting her lower lip a little.
wat.jpeg
have zero, I mean litearlly zero recollection of this.
"uh, no not at all," I say, basically while my mind is on autopilot trying to figure out if this actually happened.
she leans in closer, "then trust me, we did and..."
pants are now full of enough Spaghetti to feed an Italian family for a week straight.
 "well, I was thinking, maybe we could... do that, again" her face was quickly becoming flushed. She didn't wait for a response, she lent forwards with her eyes closed. I did the same, my mind racing and my heart threatening to burst out of my chest.
I lent forwards, and forwards...until...
silence, my lips met nothing but air.
I threw my eyes open.
her head was back where it was originally, no longer leaning forwards. Her face quickly turning bright red whilst her blue eyes looked a mixture of shock, disgust, anger and something else I didn't understand. Her mouth was slightly open. She looked like somehow had just slapped her.
"anon...you...actually tried that" her voice was low and unsteady. "you..tried, wanted to.. kiss me"
I think I must have been visibly shaking with the confusion I was feeling at that moment.
<comment>
At first I was invested and thought it would be an actual real story, but guess I got baited again. Feels bad man. Kill yourself larpcel
