so this is what the famed """french """ chan looked like and apparently she was tunisian hmmmm really makes you think
inb4 simps on damage control
link related https://t.me/s/frenchiexposed
no white passing tunisian trad wife
why even live this meaningless life?
Am I supposed to know who this is?
She's cute BTW.
holy fuck?? damn the difference lol
"""french""" chan simps on suicide watch
Are you gonna accuse every french girl you see of being french-chan at this point? Let it go dude
what the fuck do you care?
jesus. get a grip on yourself. its just another e-whore. what does it matter where she's from? let it be.
go look at the link also confusing nafris with white people lul
she was catfishing hard go look at her true face
which one? so far you have exposed 3 different people as french chan lol
all these 3 are photoshopped again check the link simptard
oh wow you are literally insane. this is getting into bjork/stalker territory now
faceblind sperg on suicide watch
lmao
okay nice damage control what did brown tran 4'11 goblin do for you to get you behaving like this
Kinda sad if she really tries to look white with filter. But then again being a tranny on the internet is a sad existence
Dude no one cares, stop trying to doxx an underage girl. You are obsessed, touch grass for once in your life.
Because no other girl in france exists, right? no other girl in france has a green iphone. no other girl has posters on her wall and that mattress was on the floor while the real french chan was laying on her bed a few feet from the ground. you're the one who needs help pal
he changed his story too many times, last time she """sent him it through discord""" but when that larp exploded he changes it to omegle kek
no other girl has the exact same posters and the exact same voice yes go look at the link now unless you're her or one of her new simps then get the fuck off my thread
it's not the same person you dumbie
two different people are sent totally different pictures of two different girls
french chan exposeddddd!!!
lol
To be honest, she still looks fine. What happened to her? I remember her posting here.
no YOU get the fuck off this thread you obsessed sperg. You've been doing this shit for months. The real french chan probably doesn't come here anymore youre the only one unironically simping for her right now. Bitch get a fucking life.
nope it's french chan look at the video
go away simp i haven't been doing this for months but she wishes as well as her simps probably just some random guy added me and showed me stuff and asked me to post it
contactfagged a chadlite normalfag who sold her out for r9k clout, then irisbros drove french chan simps from the board and ENTJ Chad chased the ebf off the board shortly after
no she doesn't also she was larping about height as well she is under 152 cm defo also look at her hand compared to the 5.5inch iphone her frame is tiny lmao she is the size of a child
I watched her YT content before she deleted if all. your videos are obviously not the same house or girl. Hint: look at the sockets
You're pathetic. Come meet up with me I'll show you some stuff bitch boy
Jesus she is hideous nice work op
8bit pixel art
no source
wew lad
I see, thanks for updating
thx 
she lived in multiple houses one of them being really big so it doesn't prove anything 
stop larping yo ucan come if you want but you won't
different girls live in different houses
they are the same person
lmao
are you legitimately doubting or are you one of her simp trying to damage control?
i am telling you she has 5 or 6 bedrooms how hard is it to believe that
You a re crazy, mentally ill I would say. Why you try so hard to expose her? What do you gain with it? No one cares at this point. 
You should be ashamed being an grown up man bullying the shit out of a 17yro. You are weak and insecure.
debunking false accusations is damage control
thats not how it works
Its my duty to make sure she doesnt catfish any more incel
You didnt debunk anything
how can I watch the video on the link, the file is too big, please someone put it in streamable
pretty much everything you said was debunked ITT. the only thing you exposed was being a complete fag AGAIN lmao
You are a fucking joke. Doing something that nobody asked for lmao. You are the hero of your own imagination.
i answered to every one of your accusations dumbie
you're just too low iq and want to believe in brown goblin tran go on
can domeone tell me whats on the video the file is too big
why do you seethe so much are you hoping to get that deformed 4'11 cunny ?
enjoy the manlet children
you have to download instagram it's her talking on video chat
Your attitude screams insecure sad man.
telegram sorry
i just want nudes, any nudes?
i am not ""insecure"" what does this mean in that context i am an unironic incel like most people on r9k?
also did you want to meet up i am up for it mister internet warrior
meet up with me and fight!
Why do I feel I'll end up turning up by myself?
what bother me its the nose, its not the same at all as the blue eyes feenchan but I don't know what to think because that 'other' frenchan has the same room as her and she got the same voice, wtf
Dude, you just created a whole thread about this girl because she was talking to other guys. And you keep posting in whatever thread she's mentioned to me in and now you're trying to fight me. Literally a fucking loser. Go see Andrew Tate or something like that.
lol thats not me.
lol you're the one talking about fighting mister internet warrior also no i'd be there for sure
even faked her race
lmfao girls are insane
girl because she was talking to other guys. she claimed to be exclusive she also lied about literally everything from her race to her face to her height etc
so yeah of course i am angry she was gaslighting me into thinking she was in love with me or something she talked about marriage and kids all the time cried herself to sleep and sent literal essays if i said a single word that could be interpreted negatively and other shit i don't want to remember also this is not like hard work for me
Yeah I'll be looking for this big tough man but instead I'll probably find some fat guy wearing a ahegao hoodie lol
Yeah, literally admitting you are butthurt. I double down: you are the personification of the word insecure and lame. 
Be a man and move on and get someone better instead of pity vengeance.
that's a lot of words for i am scared of meeting up with a literal incel
"incel" doesn't really factor any sort of intimidation, little man. Try again
right that was the point low iq man
lmaoing @ that revved up simp
good job OP, she literally admitted she looked nothing like her photoshopped pics and simps still choose to believe anyway, if not even her own words will convince them, what will? bunch of deluded faggots
thanks man
where has the dog gone common keep barking about meeting up lmao
Holy shit shes ugly, why did she feel the need to catfish us that hard?
i knew she photoshopped but not to that extent kek
Still didn't give me an address, samefag. You're most likely an underage edgelord and a single punch of mine would probably kill you anyway. I ain't going to jail for some petty shit online.
what's samefag?
also you can find me in liege if you want
You have my permission to live. I'm not travelling all the way to some europoor shithole to fight some little prick which I guarantee I would knock you the fuck out. I would fucking cripple so bad you'd wish you were dead. Don't act tough here kid because you will fuck with the wrong person one day.
she is really pretty though. French-chan, if you're reading this, be more confident in yourself!
sure keep barking dog "woof woof woof"
we both know you don't have the balls to follow through and never intended to come to begin with
also jfl with the height obsession you amerimutt are all the same.
also i seriously doubt you're "bigger" than me but it's okay i'll let you cope
Anon, it is clearly her. Same phone, same posters. It's her, just cope with it.
this guy doesn't want to see that it's her he just wants to deny everything because he is in her dms or was at some point and is a low iq simp amer*can simp
You still barking at me? And you call me a dog? We both know I spared you and let you live another day. I could literally sense you trembling in fear. And you're right, you're probably bigger than me, about 330 pounds of fat bigger lmao
LMAO
Is she fucking arabic? 
She's got a kind of arabic phenotype. Fucking Pokimane and other arab girls wanna look white so bad. Why? You arab girls in general aren't bad looking.
no i don't know that at all in fact i find it very funny that you're trying to save your e credibility like this on an anonymous forum for losers when you never intented to meet up
I have a life. Family, friends, a girlfriend. I have things to lose. You don't. That's the difference. Now fuck off.
 i am le scary big guy
then you shouldn't be so scared right ?
yeah you're the one who's pissing himself after proposing to meet up even tho you are not at all a warrior except behind a computer screen lmao
so it's as they say the weakest dogs bark the most "woof wooof" meet up with me i am le big guy i am le scary "woof woof" no PLEASE SPARE ME I AHVE FAMILLY AND FRIENDS AND GF OMG PLEASE
she is a tunisian 150 cm goblina
dick sucking height desu
holy shit you spergs are really ready to fight and die for french chsn bahahahaaa
even i cant compete with this autism
this is why she is the number 1 egirl
i am not ready to fight and die for her my life is shit and i am pretty strong and i like fighting so i am okay about meeting up some nonce simping guy especially when said guy displays low iq behavior and brags online
i've had conversations like this elsewhere online when no foid was involved but guess what they never came
You're lucky I'm in a good mood. You almost tempted the old me. You see the old me would've met up with you and given you a swift demise but I'm being the bigger man here and walking away. Good luck with your life.
blablablabla " i am a little bitch and i am scared i am all talk no action blablabalbla"
you're just some light weight pussy and most likely shorter than me and most likely have no combat experience whatsoever but keep larping
You will always be my no.1 femcel you lil cutie haha &lt;3
the only person yo'ure being generous is yourself don't flatter your ego little narcie napoleon syndrome having skinnyfat bitch
This is a cripple fight. Just face it, all of you are acting tough bc is an anonymous site. Stop being pathetic as OP. Touch grass , grow the fuck up and let this17yro girl alone.
he is the one acting tough i didn't introduce the idea of meeting up but i'd be glad to do a little estetic surgery on him
The lion doesn't bow to the sheep. You remember this day, boy. Remember this day when you were spared by me.
remember this day when you fled like a coward after acting so enthusiastic about meeting up, nobody believes in the stupid narrative yo'ure trying to sell
if you want to find me you know where to find me you're prolly some 4'11 goblina's current simpif you're not well go to the archive search for the last post with the pussy pic i am tired and i am going to sleep
You guys are giving second hand embarrassment. This is as retarded as people fighting on instagram comments.
look i didn't start this i know it's retarded because people never want to meet this niga wants to act tough in front of some anonymous people or in front of the goblina herself well dogs are goign to be dogs and yes it's embarassing for him but hopefully he is delusional enough to believe he actually spared me or something
i hate those fucking larpers one day i am going to kill the one who actually dares to show up i just need to make myself look as unintimidating as possible
I have done time just so you know, met some of the worst humans in history. You? Don't make me laugh. I've met your type a thousand times and they've all ended up in an early grave. Just walk away while you can.
another larp another day
it doesn't fucking matter that yo'uve done time just means yo'ure even more of a low iq subhuman than i thought
and you know low iq = low proprioception skills amongst other things btw why did you even want to meet up in the first place why do you care so much are you her new dick or just some internet warrior?
anyway i am out you know where to find me scary big jail goer guy
Call me a white knight internet warrior all you want. I just despise liars and bullies who think they can target vulnerable women without repercussions. A cockroach like you isn't worth my time though. You're like the shit at the bottom of my shoe. Have a nice day.
ex prisonner calling someone else a cockroach 
LMAO
yo'ure a low iq instinct driven simp cockroach you're the scum of society you have no right to say shit to me you have no moral highround in this and i am vastly superior to you in every conceivable way except psl(face rating)
Hey don't come here trying to be cool. You are at the same cognitive level as the other guy. If you were genuenly collected you would have leaved this guys talking alone. 
You two suffer from the same kind of stupidity. An if you are Op then you just went the extra mile to be a piece of shit.
no i am high iq but prone to anger those are not mutually exclusive okay
also why are people coming out of the woodwork to say i am a piece of shit for exposing catfishing like are you guys the same person or are her simps gathering here
I can't see your IQ represented in your replys
Bc is a fucking kid. Kids are stupid, they make retarded choices. You are just causing harm. You are not a hero, you are a psycopath dilusional guy.
OP do you have a discord? I have a lot info about this girl but would prefer to speak in private if possible
here. she sent a pic of her pussy to op. it was on part 1 of the thread
Her inter pupillary distance is cyclops tier. One of the biggest failos and unfixable through surgery. Brutal.
for those who don't have telegram here is the audio:
https://vocaroo.com/1fN5gQShoqFn
and video:
https://streamable.com/7o9mhv
Based, all women are lying frauding whores
This is some hardcore autism right here.
Some of that distilled top shelf stuff.
Holy fuck it's actually her
does not matter in the slightest shes still unbelievably cute
bro stop larping kek
https://streamable.com/7o9mhv
samefagging XDDDDD
how do i get teenage franco-arabite gf
Add me monkeybrain#2752
LMAO
alright faggots, i'll post under a trip and maybe i'll feed you more breadcrumbs, maybe i won't
but i'll say this
fact: this is not her pussy
proof: she flipped the picture before sending it to the guy so it's not reverse searcheable, just flip the picture horizontally and pass it to yandex image search
also it being pink wouldnt make sense since she is tunisian kek
The bedsheets are the same as on her bed in the other pictures of the Telegram.
my guess is the girl we see in brown eyes is her friend and she let her friend pass for real frenchan (with the blue eyes). thats why we see her in her room (2 differents girls in the same room). does asomeone agree with my theory?
could be or she photoshops really well to cover her comical ipd
I don't think her pics are photoshed,
then it's a different person as video evidence suggest she has a ipd/midface ratio issue
https://t.me/frenchiexposed/29 can anyone play this video? I don't have telegram
btw the walls seem legit like hers same as the doors. she at least doesn't have blue eyes
https://streamable.com/7o9mhv
if you pose at 7 seconds with the right timing you can see most of her face
why do anons still simp over mediocre egirls in the first place. they will never date one of you admit to yourself its over
https://streamable.com/7o9mhv
yeah that girl is not white
arabic girls also tend to have very high pitched voices like that...
she's still pretty as heck though.
ok but uhh why do we hate her? because she wants to be white? oh no what a whore aaaa i dont get it
Personally I hated her because as an arab fembot I was fuming that such angels existed
Really satisfying thread, thanks OP now I actually have sympathy for her
you think so bro ?
yakhoi mafi arab fembots sho tgol int
you guys think we could find her old twitter?
I manage to find some individual tweets but the actual account has been deleted and is not on the wayback machine.
https://web.archive.org/web/20220711221350/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1531368802369298434
we kinda figured it was fake. the videocall is real tho. french-chan and her new simp are on suicide watch rn
i can't wait for the day we figure out where she lives
the amount of whiteknights in this thread
I don't know nor care who this is but keep on doing what you're doing OP. It triggers the retards.
it's like 2 or 3 people i suspect maximum if it's not one guy but thanks the amount of energy they used is bringing me a lot of pleasure yk
wtf shes a psycopath
https://web.archive.org/web/20220524181137/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1529163030596026370 she struggles with anorexia.. interesting
telehargement.png
is that a very tasteful joke or french chan boosting her own thread?
Realistically, if she hadn't given anons insane expectations for her, the girl on the left would be completely fine.
Thought her knees were tiddies from the thumbnail
it says something about food and 40kg here
https://web.archive.org/web/*/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide*
everything here
her eyelashes are really cool
french chan going for an interview later tonight to dispel allegations against her toninght on stream LIVE kick.com/leafy
check out another one of her twitter if you want zxxvvu
dispel what the eviden is irrefutable
as a shitalian i understand you larping as a blue eyed angel frenchan
good job anon!!! I can now indulge in my obsession
nafris here often do that, although it's only supposed to last until the end of teenagehood at most
but tbf she has a good facial shape, she's not ugly. Blue eyes and white skin isn't really as important as having a good face
Blue eyes, no. White skin, yes.
https://web.archive.org/web/20220506192023/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1522657346274615296
https://web.archive.org/web/20220506204418/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1522678497726144520
https://web.archive.org/web/20220506173031/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1522629775671672833
french chan used to be fat..
she definitely has self-image issues https://web.archive.org/web/20220505190326/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1522290742173044736
there's no way thats frenchan...must be her friend
So let's get this straight, ENTJ had her on discord first, Lautrec had her on snapchat and then OP's pretend source met her on omegle. That right?
https://streamable.com/7o9mhv
her face looks pretty fat for someone whos anorexic
What makes you think this is french chan?
the wall, it's exactly the same 
even on this pic >>73090255 you recognize it
why do I love stalking cute girls so much
but I believe it's her friend in her house, in her room
her voice retard
It isn't though, is it? lol
Frenchan edited her voice. Which you would know if you knew anything about Frenchan and weren't LARPing. 
Here is Frenchie
https://vocaroo.com/1aBMTocqn1Yr
Here is TallGirl
https://vocaroo.com/1bzvZJ1frnbd
why doesnt she just come out if all those accusations are false
https://web.archive.org/web/20220513100808/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1525055075860742144 french chan draws pretty well..
she dropped out highschool https://web.archive.org/web/20220517105804/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1526517195425071105
just trying to understand her life story.. and I might find juicy pics on the way
i'm a nafri and i don't do that albeit, i think light traits are feminine and gay, being sligthly tanned is more attractive, do not say that nafris do this, women tend to do this, and of course a woman who's all into the cute shit/moe garbage will do it, her lifestyle is weak, westernized and modern, she probably lives and consumes the exact same stuff as wh*Toids (poor girl, clearly colonized mentally). she's so brainwashed she seeks the validation of literal basement dwelling losers and simps. hopefully this is a one off and doesn't represent us
thats just one of her pillows you dumb simp. she showed that pillow in a pic she posted of her room last yr
that big ass red/purple flower on the pillow is nowhere to be seen in the right pic
Cool. Link to when she posted that picture on the right and I'm convinced.
she doesnt edit her voice she just makes it on purpose. and yes tallgirl is actually french-chan. i know a guy that used to talk to her and he was the one who convinced her to larp as tallgirl
https://vocaroo.com/1m7R3GJGEwKO
because that one is another pillow? i c what ur doing here. and im letting you because i need you to keep bumping my thread
https://web.archive.org/web/20220523202832/https://twitter.com/petitefeefroide/status/1528835177656500224 french chan belly
this is too much holy fuck
shes talking about a different girl there. thats not her belly. shes a muslim her parents would honor kill her if they found out she got piercings or tattoos
what is the problem with foids
she is cute without filters
i admit you're good troll trying to make someone look fake and getting her simps to ditch her. it wouldn't surprise me if you were another woman or french chan herself but all is good. Well done
Same as the the other EXPOSED thread - they can't link anything to an actual French chan post.
hi french-chan. havent killed yourself yet?
where's the need to do that you simps keep finding more excuses that make literally zero sense
french chan posted this picture last year!
okay, show me where and I will be convinced
 ........ KILL YOURSELF FRENCH CHAN
lol
it's the same room also look at the other evidence the video chat is the best one like stop being so disingenuine
it's the same room that frenchan posted!!
okay, where did frenchan post it
.... STOP BEING DISINGENUINE
every reply you make without linking french chan posting that room is making me think you're lying. all it takes to convince me is you showing me where french chan posted the room on the right >>73090742
its french-chan or her new simp. just let them bump the thread and ignore them. pillows are the same, posters are the same. theyre desperate and trying to change the topic
he tried it in the first thread too and he said it was a totally different girl
nothing is the same tho it's you retards who keep gaslighting yourselves into believing something that isn't real. this is a symptom of a mental illness and you need to fucking see someone
I wish I could be french chan's friend, she seems so fun
im french chan how u doing
I'm doing good!! I've been reading the thread and you're so cute
You inspired me to order some cute clothes online.. I use yesstyle, what are your favourite websites?
me too I wish I was frencha's friend
could you please post a vocaroo frenchan?
wdym? these are all clearly one girl that has been exposed by these threads...
You said there was a different pillow in the video that wasn't in the pics.
Then he showed you a pic of that pillow.
And now you're saying it's not the same room? Look at the pic YOU posted again and compare the posters. They're the same.
All the proof you need has been posted. Now stop asking for completely unnecessary stuff to change the topic. It shows you're low-IQ.
yesstyle
thats so cool i love that site
i like mille fleurs antaina and soufflesong
I don't care I still believe frenchan is real and she broughgt her friend over her house in her room
bottom = her actual face, top right = possibly her edited again
and the rest are larp she has made on this site
she is not actually anorexic she is extremely light but also extremely short
and the rest are larp she has made on this site
OR you're backtracking on your failed attempts to expose someone just like what you're doing now.
why did this girl fake her selfies? 
why did she edit her north african look to look like a germanic european look?
as a non-white person, i feel kinda sad that she manipulated her look to look white 
she must love herself more
right okay the pics i posted on the "first attempt" were edited and i got catfished now we have video tape evidence alright ?
i know right
as a spaniard i feel sorry for her but also kinda offended
video recording i did an esl
also why is r9k filled with so many si
please. i could easily put up some random video of a girl and mask it with edited splices from her old vocaroos. doesn't mean shit. you should've used AI. at least thst would've been more convincing!
I see the French Pretender still has deluded rebels supporting her. Let me lift the scales from your eyes, fools.
Now is the time to repent of your heresy. Confess your retardation and swear allegiance to our rightful Queen. 
Otherwise you will live a cursed life, always pursued by The Knights of the Order of Saint Iris the Martyr. Spare yourselves further humiliation. Bend the knee.
old vocaroos? we can also see her diaphragm react as her voice get regulated by her breathing it's clearly not edited unless you think it's a deepfake wich would be a very schizo paranoid take
i think spanish people look good
i don't know why westerners in north america or europe give more points to blondes, blue-eyed things
here in south korea, there are a lot of men who say that spanish women are beautiful and cute
and there are a lot of women who say that spanish men sexy and attractive
lmao its over for these retards
Irisbros just... keep.... WINNING
thanks based south korean anon, i also think you people look good. its such a shame that both of our beauties are hidden by people who think having a lighter complexion makes beauty
you're welcome
just i think i'm not handsome or cute or attractive
so at least i've decided not to be too harsh on my looks 
if even i don't respect myself, who will respect me?
absolutely correct and based. self-pity is for low people, accept your flaws without being hard on yourself about it, taking those flaws as a part of you and embracing it
nobody says that asians are ugly imo they're overrated i don't get all these broecls with yellow fever people do make fun of asian men for having comical frame ie being short with oversized head and narrow frames
i have that frame head combo and im german
Fuck off i'll self pity myself all I want because no one else will, judgmental little fuck. Please fucking die of cancer and I hope your mother dies too, normalfag cunt.
might is right i guess
just dont be too harsh on yourself thats all
i have an extremely large head myself but i am still somewhat proportional because i am tallish and wide the big head has an impact on how the face develop and stuff so that's kind of why i am ugly
i'm >>73091374
i looked up the post in your screencap and it looks legit. so unless french chan has some explanation for who that girl is, i admit i was wrong about her
if it's not some weirdo larping as that guy i applaud the matruiroty most people wouldn't go back on their words
extremely large head
also no larp i am actually macrocephalic more than 4 standard above average in head size for white males
same, my head is frankenstein tier and abnormally big for a very small frame.
right but what seize is it have you measured ?
i am around 62 cm of circumference personally
height isn't that much it's like 24 cm ior something it's hard to measure
wich is still big 23 is the average for 6' and 24 is the average for 6'2 or 6'3 iirc
Could you edit your picture to include this please? I can't stop laughing
no one who's actually white, young, pretty, mentally adjusted and female comes here. it's all shitskins, used up whores, jews that are (((white passing))) (hello marky), irish subhumans, and BPD roasties into weird shit
water is originally wet
picrel blocks your path
nothing personnel kid
wonder how many hook ups and abortions on this whore, also nice tatoo and dress (redflags)
nice tits i'd rape
if she wasnt a diaperfag, Scotty would be recognized as the all time greatest
/!\ATTENTION/!\ /!\ ATTENTION /!\
IF SOMEONE HAS MORE/NEW INFOS FOR FRENCHAN POST THEM THANK YOU
nobody outside your 3rd world european shithole has any idea what a "nafri" is retard
holy newfag subhuman crawl back to twitter FAST
translation: MY SUPPOSED EVIDENCE GOT BTFO AND I NEED MORE PICTURES AND VOICE RECORDINGS OF RANDOM FRENCH GIRLS TO EXPOSE AS FRENCHCHAN
I expect we'll be seeing a new face in your next '''''exposed''' thread then
why are you trying so hard nigga?
we just want her location doxxed and i want her to kill herself honestly
also they're all french chan or french chan's claimed identity should i say just that hte last one is unfrauded and damn she is a monster imagine being that ugly while being a midget lmao
Pathetic bitter incels. Even if that was her, she isn't going to kill herself. In fact this whole thread did nothing but give her a huge ego boost. That's what she loves, she loves the attention and you dumbasses just gave it to her for free lol
i want her to kill herself honestly
You are a piece of shit.
this is an incel board man if you're not happy you can go back to normieland aka instagram/tik tok
also once we have her location and name and people start showing up at her doorstep trust me she'll kill herself r9k has some weird people...
I can see that. This thread is full of weirdos.
r9k has some weird people...
kek no it really fucking doesn't. This board has been pillaged and taken over by normalfags who literally hate your kind and banished them elsewhere. It's obvious you're some tourist from r*ddit who blames the world for his problems and decided to take it out on some random girl. This isn't the board you think it is newfag
it's not some random girl to me you missed some lore but at this point yes i am taking it out on her, and normies are annoying yes but they're far from the majority
also 
 your kind 
i doubt you're much better off than i am i have seen the average guy on soc almost every guy on r9k is ugly that's a fact
So far I see there's only 2 of you lol. So much for the army of weirdos who claim to be the majority of /r9k/. 
I am a "normie" as you say and we are the majority. We've had sex, have partners, we party and we love trouncing the remaining shithead incels here. 
The only weirdo here is you. You are alone.
samuel, you're one bitter cunt aren't you
surely you know who i am, we got to speak for a few minutes and i figured you were a bit of an arsehole but never such a garbage character
you fell hard for a catfish i get it, but you seemed like you had it in you to move on
your entire obsession with inceldom stems from your cunt heart, as is the case for 90% of "incels"
you're not a bad looking guy, you're not physically underprivileged, nothing limits your romantic potential other than you being a bitter egotistical bastard
i hope you straighten your ways mate, i really do
you don't and you won't ever know shit, frenchan will never see this thread or any of the "summoning" threads you spammed the last couple of days, you will never cross paths again i assure you
see my trip, looks familiar?
she's sleeping quite well right now in fact as i type this
okay first of all it's not that relevant but i am not behind the summoning threads i am behind this thread and the last one that is all,
second of all thanks for mentioning my name at least i know it's actually you and not some actual simp
third of all i have moved on and it's just an ego thing i need to get back at her an eye for an eye 
fourth point i don't really expect her to find this thread i mostly wanted to find a way to reveal her location and name in fact i already have a track that i'll follow when bored i won't say anything more but i have not lost yet
also last but not least yes i am ugly and deformed i have mentioned my skull size i am ogrepilled and it's ogre i could mention a few other trait like my gigantic cheekbones that make my eyes look tiny this is an ethnic trait btw some asians and some west africans have this anyway it's adjacent to having a very large and wide skull i am bottom 2-10% of male in looks and as you all know women only care about top 1% and under but are willing to settle to top 20% or so
pic rel altho shrek mogs me because jaw is law
is law
So you're the fucking JBK poster. I knew there was something weird about you. 
All those asian racebait threads, so much bitterness and anger towards the "YT" and it all stems from this bullshit with french chan. Pathetic.
whaaat you got it all wrong i am not the jbk poster i am "white" altho i have a massive hybrid skull but very euro facial features and i am blond and lightt eyed
i find the jbk stuff funny at times and irritating at other times but i am mostly indifferent to it and hardly post in it 
it reminds me of when i was memeing about jbc (just be curry)
the is law meme is from looksmaxxing communities in wich i dwell just like the jbk poster i suspect the jbk poster is lautrec actually but i don't know
It's kinda pathetic how obsessed you all are
Go touch grass
first of all you won't find shit as i said, but you're free to indulge in your own madness
i know what you look like mate, you're not deformed in the slightest you're just retarded and have a serious ego problem
it's genuinely insane how poor your self-image is, it's miles worse than your average modern teenage girl's
you and your incel groupmates need to stop talking to each other pronto, better yet just take a break from the internet all together it's breaking your minds, i hope you're not a lost cause mate just take some time for yourself and think it through
fun fact about your new friend mreye23, he's a literal pedo and has cp on his computer
i know the mind can do some weird trick so i actually took measurements of my face and skull to make sure time and time again and they're consistant and no i don't have le bdd maybe i had it a year ago or something but now i am realistic
also i don't care who that guy is and what he has done it's irrelevant
drop the fucking rulers and work on your personality, stop being so hateful and bitter and envious
sit down and think about the sheer amount of time you spend sobbing in front of a mirror like a teenage girl and tell me if your great grandpa wouldn't call you a faggot
give yourself a few more years on this path and you'll be just like mreye23 blackmailing kids and teenage girls and beating off to the contents of your hard drive
god help you
btw it's more than 62 cm i am just rounding down because of hair to be more precise 
also you're seriously overestimating how much i care desu and yes i am bitter but never hateful or envious actually i hate her but it's a feeling that's pretty unfamiliar to me i am not the type to hate or to envy i am frustrated over my inceldom that is all
The only cunt and asshole here are "french"chan and you for simping over such a disgusting human being and daring to insult her victims. You have no dignity or soul. You know all about her lying to a dozen if not more men online, making them fall in love with her, and then dumping them or cheating. 
I had a guy show me messages from her from 2021. And another guy messaged me last night saying he has 100s of messages of her talking about her "sister" and living in germany. He was clueless. She went on with it for A YEAR. I cant even imagine what other fucked up shit she has done in the past that we will never find out about. Shes shameless and evil
frenchan will never see this thread or any of the "summoning" threads you spammed the last couple of days, you will never cross paths again i assure you
see my trip, looks familiar?
she's sleeping quite well right now in fact as i type this
Lol. She surely did see these threads. Because she deleted her social media right after I posted them and sent me this when we talked on telegram:
https://vocaroo.com/1hggAsqKNucr
Lol. She surely did see these threads. Because she deleted her social media right after I posted them and sent me this when we talked on telegram:
kek she lied to him about not going on 4chan anymore lmao she really lies as she breathes what a stinky little goblin
You're saying frenchchan is evil for lying to men yet you speak with pedophiles 
Get your priorities checked
i have no idea what those measurements mean mate, i saw your fucking face on video, you're not deformed in the slightest as i said you're just retarded
i think you care just as much as i claim you do, otherwise you wouldn't drown yourself in incel culture like this, i mean what in your opinion makes you an incel then
i can tell that you hate her, but i love her more than anything, she has the kindest soul, we all make mistakes i understand she hurt you, she was in a very bad state at the time
you heard my voice on telegram you mong, you realise i made her say that for me right? fuck you're so pathetic "this is your last chance", give it a day "no this is your last chance", give it a few hours "okay last chance this time", give it 30mins "okay im fr fr this time"
you're a clown lmao, thanks for the show
you realise i lurk r9k? she has not a clue and i clicked the delete button myself every time
hell i even have her trip, mine is the same as french-chan if you look up the archive
maybe ask samuel if you don't believe i have that reach lmao
it's top 5 % for guys who are 6'7 or 200 cm knowing that skull size is correlated with height quite decently more than other things like dick or ears anyway
basically big enough to not be able to wear most hats or have a large portion of them feel very tight anyway
Lmao "victims", did your brain stopped developing at 13? you treat lying to randoms online as a war crime. Little kid gets angry when ghosted and doesn't know how to move on. Keep being trapped in your self-made carton box.
Either way you shouldn't even be talking to underage girls, literally admitting being a butthurt pedo, trolled by a girl.
fun fact about your new friend mreye23, he's a literal pedo and has cp on his computer
And i also have audio recordings of frenchie requesting i send her child porn. I had forgotten about that thank you. Should i upload those?
hello french-chan. glad i triggered you to post with your tripcode again after 3 months
post it all to your heart's delight, you're all on a quest to waste time
funny how a kiddie diddler like you dares insult others' dignity
btw are you retarded, or just that much of a newfag? you realise it's me you replied to both times and i'm using her trip? that was kind of the idea behind one of my statements but i wouldn't expect much out of your reading comprehension at this point
evil in my world muh shared morality is a scam i don't believe in basedciety 
inb4 "taht means you're a pedo !"
no i am not attracted to children i like women that is all.
basedciety* it's getting late
please french-chan post more pics of your ass!
this guy thinks french chan isnt doing the same shit to him
He's probably into it man. Guy sounds like a cuck
nafris in north africa and nafris in France are pretty different. also i believe most arent like that, it's just a minority that spend a lot of time reading weeb shit and posting on twitter/tiktok
this is just crazy how an ewhore called "FRENCH chan" is actually full-on tunisian
i'm french, i knew my country was a lost cause but damn the demographics are changing way too fast
Rip french-chan
