Try to wage
Work hard with the goal of being as helpful as possible
get shit for mistakes from coworker
teaches me their own way to do things
learn, "thanks for the tip", keep working, do it their way
get shit from someone else for doing it their way, repeat for a month
start giving me jobs I wasn't trained on, learn them myself and get stuck doing them
"You don't do enough", "you did that wrong", "that guy's retarded"
"I am doing the job of 3 people with almost no training"
quit
repeat
Doesn't develop a REAL career like society encourages you to
Gets stuck with plebeian work
I wonder how this could have been prevented?
by being chad, by being born with a good IQ, face, and body. 
The proof is in the market that is currently being saturated with shitfluencers and only fans hoes.
by being born with a good IQ
lmao yeah cause every person who graduates from uni and works a comfortably middle class job is high IQ. Just admit you never wanted it bad enough to actually try.
Just know you aren't alone, fren. And it might help to know that most jobs are nigh impossible to actually get fired from, so just keep feigning ignorance and nodding your head, pretending to care about normie shit and act like you will take their subjective advice into consideration and soldier on. Eventually, your autism and anxiety resulting from spaghetti moments becomes easier to deal with and less annoying. Plus, time tends to fix most of these sperg moments since normies care more about what niggerball teams are playing or what new faggot slop is on Goyflix.
We're all gonna make it, fren, be it in this life or the next; in this dimension, or some ethereal and intangible plane beyond fathomable existence.
graduate uni and work a comfortably middle class job
that's a kek my friend
Just admit you never wanted it bad enough to actually try.
yeah
Let me school you on something bud. In Ecology there are niches, and those niches are filled by specialization. Specialization is achieved by random mutation which precedes the animals who can't specialize dying off. This has always been the case with society, cultural movements seemingly popping up at random, completely changing what is and was.
It still stands that you have "couch celebrities" out there, chads/stacies making more in a month than college professors make in 2 years, by sitting on their asses and shitfluencing, streaming, modelling, etc. Not only are they almost guaranteed to reproduce, they're guaranteed to pass down their trade, since it becomes easier every year to do this pseudo celebrity shit.
Meanwhile uggos with great jobs that they earned through long careers, hard work, and as you boomers like to call it "gusto!", are almost guaranteed to never reproduce, I'll tell you what they are guaranteed, divorce and cheating.
i know that feel. i worked a job for 4 years and by the end i was making the same as new guys while doing twice the work, basically spent 8 hours cleaning up after amateurs while being treated like a fucking idiot by managements who mostly worked there less than me.
