I have like a dozen layers of repulsiveness that prevent any girl from finding me attractive
she finds out I've never had a gf even though I'm 21
ick
she fiends out I have literally zero friends
ick
she finds out I live with family
ick
she finds out I dropped out college, have a shit job and no prospects
ick
she finds out my only interests are autistic (Legos etc)
ick
she finds out I'm under 6 feet
ick
etc
unless you're disgustingly ugly you have zero reason to be blackpilled
21 yr old virgin
lives with family
dont matter at all
under 6ft
worded so im guessing youre like 5"10 so dont worry, get fit if you want confidence
friends
autistic interests
If you dont have any friends why would you try and get a gf? It wouldn't work out on your side either. Get friends first. And how are you gonna relate over autistic interests?
shit prospects
obviously unattractive aspect yes. If you aren't physically attractive or financially stable what the hell do you offer? nor would you offer a good conversation since you have no friends?
THAT'S WHAT OP ALREADY SAID, FAGGOT.
Why do you think you're on some kind of intervention when all you did was repeat back to him that YES, IT'S OVER?
It's incredible how normalniggers just cannot say something like "shit that's rough man, you don't deserve to suffer this way" and instead ALWAYS launch into these fucking "bro just just bro dude just xyz and abc you gotta jump through these fifty flaming hoops while juggling porcupines with your nuts to deserve one mote of affection from a woman, plus uhhh therapy" spiels
All those things he can change. If he chooses not to he doesn't deserve to find a gf. Deserve in the sense reality operates by basic laws, like how money doesn't grow on trees. You shouldnt act confused at this. Life sucks but it wouldn't even exist if it wasn't this way. I'm in a much worse position than OP yet I still think this way. 
It is his choice. He CAN make girls find him attractive if he really wanted to. Hell he could pay for it and he'd be getting 75% of the experience. 
you gotta jump through these fifty flaming hoops while juggling porcupines with your nuts to deserve one mote of affection from a woman
That's how it works. I'm not saying it should be this way but that it is. I direly wish I was loved by someone but I will likely never be. Love probably doesn't exist to begin with.
normalfags aren't the ones giving the spiels, anon. it's autists. autists are giving spiels. your situation sucks dick and i hate that you're going through it. now i am gonna give you my spiel lol
anon, just be a good dude and some chick who's in to pokemon or lego will be into ya. profile the women you chase, the nerdier ones are less superficial but they take time warming up to you. just be the man you want to be for your kinda girl and fate will give you balls to pursue when the time comes. didn't get a gf til i was 21, too. khv before.
Go back to college, don't fuck it up this time. Pick up a cool hobby. Get involved in campus activities. You'll be fine.
I dont see it myself but I cant change your opinion
Framing achieveable forms of self-improvement as "jump[ing] through these flaming hoops wjile juggling porcupines with your nuts" is just retarded. 4 of these are fixable if you have the slightest amount of ambition, his height doesn't really matter (he said "under 6ft," not "4ft 6 in" or some shit), and living at home in school isn't a big deal.
Not Op, but this have motivated me so much you has no idea. Thank you
Good luck anon. You can make it.
