asian women are trad and base-
Ok? How do you know she isnt her girlfriend?
Who thinks this? Their some of the biggest whores. My mom cheated on my dad twice lol. All women are whore but I think asians are some of the biggest, their just not as upfront about it as other women.
huge disgusting dick. 
but imagine just using a girl as a fuckhole like that, ive never got the chance to but i imagine it is heaven
You can always tell trashy slut Asians from trad Asians. 
Trashy Asian girls are usually (but not always) tan to darker skinned, have monolids, black hair or highlighted hair, wear thotwear (usually wear colors like black, red, bright pink etc), often have tattoos and wear heavy makeup and winged liner. They usually date black and white guys. 
Trad Asian girls are very pale, wear minimal makeup and no heavy or winged eyeliner, usually have brown hair, wear modest clothing in usually white or pink, and have big eyes and double eyelids. They usually date Asian or high class white guys.
Your first description is just pretty much all Americanized Asians and your second description is just all fob Asian girls. Of course I agree that fob Asian girls are 100000x better than westernized whore Asians, but unfortunately most fob Asians are very clannish and only make friends/have relationships with other Asians, and most barely speak English too. Which means most guys with yellow fever have to date trashy Asian American roasties.
is that nicole doshi
Nicole Doshi is a BBC whore
Used to know some Asians, aparently there is a subculture for thot asians who call themselves asian bb girls and dress like sluts
Imagine being dumb enough to think this lol. This very site (gif) is filled with videos of Asian girls getting absolutely slutted out by white dudes.....and almost all of them are pale because that's what white dudes prefer. You must be trolling
Thats definitely bullshit. I only ever see white guys fucking peasant looking Chinese chicks or trashy American whores who look like Asa Akira. Show me a white guy fucking a girl who looks like IU, I shall wait!
but imagine just using a girl as a fuckhole like that, ive never got the chance to but i imagine it is heaven
I've never experienced it but I imagine it is. Imagine knowing that you don't have to do anything for a chick (take her out, conversate with her, buy her gifts, hell not even spend time with her) but you can still show up and fuck her whenever you feel like it. 
Imagine what kind of mentality that would put you in....
Thats definitely bullshit. I only ever see white guys fucking peasant looking Chinese chicks or trashy American whores who look like Asa Akira. Show me a white guy fucking a girl who looks like IU, I shall wait!
lol
Who thinks this?
sexpats and passport bros
hapa absolutely seething
lmao the state of you fags
Both of my parents are asian. White "boy" absolutely seething. At least it wasnt with a black guy like a white woman would have picked.
