I'm going to kms.
Story time.
I was cleaning my room and found the book I got for my birthday from my crush back in highschool.
I never read it cuz I hate books and reading.
I thought, hmm, maybe I should have read it.
Comb through it at random.
Find some sort of post it inside.
"Hey Anon, thanks for reading the book I got you, this means a lot for me. I hope you will finish it. I've got a surprise for you on page. XX.
P.S. Don't skip to that page >:^("
Obviously skip to that page since it doesn't matter anymore.
I LOVE YOU highlighted with pink highlighter and stars and other cutsey shit decorating the page.
Now it all makes sense why she didn't talk to me anymore and just ghosted me after some months.
Fuck bros gonna kms.
I am KHHV btw.
and I still HATE FUCKING BOOKS AND I HATE READING AAAAAAAHHHH WHY MUST I BE SUCH A BRAINLET
you cant go back and change it. dont harp over it. youre good enough to find someone i believe in you.
It could be worse. You could be shmee.
It is true that I can't go back and change anything.
It's just going to become one of the things that keep me awake at night.
One of many many thing.
I never read it cuz I hate books and reading.
Fucking ape brain is too dumb to read text in a page kek
I know it's a made up story but it still made me furious. 10/10 anon
It's this stupid book.
I am not at home but I will post pics.
It's the last page, with the " te iubesc atat de mult!"
Meaning I love you so much.
I wish it was a joke.
I CAN'T READ IT.
The words just won't stop "moving".
I can't fucking read and I don't understand what I read.
I can't remember what I just read.
Yes I am stupid.
Low Iq.
Just kill me dude.
Do you know the name of the girl? if so you can most likely find her on facebook or some other social media platform.
but don't be surprised at what you see.
Lol you're an idiot.
She wanted you to put in effort and actually get there, but you couldn't even do that. Shows that you don't care
Don't do this OP, that might just seem creepy. If she seems lonely then it might be worth trying but otherwise just forget it
Are you implying I should feel better about myself because she aged, or possibly got fat, or had kids?
That probably works only if you are in a better position yourself.
If my younger self saw me today, he would either kill himself or me, and I'll leave it at that.
Thanks for the idea btw.
I am a bitter incel and I will go and stalk her socials.
Fuck you.
AAAAAAAA 
ALL OF MY FORMER CLASSMATES AND FRIENDS ARE SUCCESSFUL AND LEADING INTERESTING LIVES.
WHY DID GIVE ME THE IDEA.
AAAA SHE'S SINGING IN A BAND AND WORKING IN AN OFFICE AND HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY.
B-bros...
I think this is it.
Why did I let myself become like this.
Where did the last decade go?
Wtf happened?
Who am I?
Fuck 4chan.
Stop replying.
I need to sit. I feel light-headed.
My fucking heart hurts.
Hold on I already read this on r*ddit somewhere...
It would have never worked out. If she can sing, that means she can recognise patterns and do math above the average person, making her at least avg IQ. If you're truly low IQ, and I'm sorry to say but everything points that way, you would have never caught up with her when she recommends you a book, or you would be enough of a fuck up that you can't take care of yourself and she would leave you after smelling such weakness.
It is what it is.
Either this is some autistic sexual fantasy of yours or you are a colossal retard. Like, come on man. Your crush gives you a book and you don't even bother to open the first page because you are too much of a brainlet to read. You don't deserve her.
no it doesnt lmao most singers are retarded and you can't even do basic math stop talking about it like you have any background in it moron. dont larp as a smart person
