All women lactate milkshakes when they're horny.
And you?
All humans become hunky futas
A sex depraved robot gains time stop abilities, freezes time and then rapes me for hours or days and when he unfreezes time all the sensations come back to me at once and I end up cumming, in pain, and pissing myself until I pass out.
That's respectable anon
Not sure I want this king but I don't judge
The world listens to my every command and we proceed through this world with utmost efficiency.
Someone to love me for better or for worse for the rest of my life. To stick with me through thick and thin. To argue, regravitate, and always come back together.
The ol' succubus trap
the ability to make girls need to use the bathroom and decide how urgent their need to go is from 1-10 with one being just feeling it and 10 being minutes away from going in their pants
how is it possibly a bad thing ( besides the temporary bodily discomfort of being in a new form ) ?
You'd almost no doubt be prettier, stronger, and more well rounded within the human experience.
hot, I wish you had this power and would make me piss myself in public over and over again. 
why live?
based as fuck. My dream fantasy is getting a girl that likes holding it in until they're desperate and using the toilet in front of me
peace on earth obtained
futafags should be executed
whoops that was for
Someone understands. It's so obvious
Hyena society
Futas are just what men should be. cope
Get hired as the sex instructor for my local girl's private school
My body is screaming at me to breed this cat girl
A world where exercise feels like sex and sex feels like exercise.
all girls start wearing bloomers again
Based, btw do you know if there's way to differentiate between underwear bloomers and sportswear bloomers when searching for art?
I meant to attach a pic to my post
The worlds population is now 70% women 29.999999% tiny small dicked femboys and I'm the only masculine man left in existance.
I get hypnosis/mind control powers and can make any girl I want part of my harem.
Hot, I love hypnosis too. I was a guy to hypnotize me unwillingly and make me his sex slave, than randomly break the trance so he can see the fear of my face and have me fight back after I realize I am being raped before putting me under again. Suck being an actual woman (XX) with a hypnosis fetish tho a lot of porn for it is disgusting sissy shit.
I get the ability to make any woman into a pear shaped BBW like pic related. She also gets the added bonus of knowing how to cook delicious food and falling in love with me instantly.
Great. I will start by hypnotizing you online over voice and then come do it in person, ok?
How does online hypnosis work? I would be down if its actually legit.
I wish to be able to use telepathic hypnosis.
world turns into anime in both visuals and people's behavior i.e. society isn't composed in 98% of immoral sociopaths
It's over voice. For starting, you can for example listen to a recording and see how it works on you. If you feel it works then you can try a real life session, for example a voice chat over discord.
I have successfully hypnotized people over discord before. Obviously it only works if you want it to work, and how well it works depends on the person. Everyone is different, and the only way to find out is to try.
All women are now 6'6" - 7' tall. Thicc pillowy bodies with futa cocks. They crave release badly and get aggressive if they haven't cum in the last few hours.
You and I watch really different animes if yours aren't filled with amoral sociopaths.
are you bragging to me about the anime you watch or what
You're gay. As in, enormously homosexual.
Welcome to 4chan, nigger
Not bragging, just thought it was weird and commented on the weirdness.
Then again I don't live in a world that seems anywhere close to that full of psychos, which is why I find such anime interests since it's so different from real life.
Meanwhile wherever you live sounds especially shit so maybe that causes you to search for especially moral and caring anime or something.
ascended take 
NPC
Fucking ew
What kinds of trances have you put people under? What ends up happening?
I've had experience with this before, and yeah he's right it depends on the person but I've been dropped many times by many people before (sadly lost contact with them)
Hypno is like my biggest kink so actually doing it irl (even over discord) is the shit
There's only so much you can do over voice. The main thing is to just get the subject relaxed and try to get her to go deep enough to be suggestible. I've done stuff like, have her hand raise up all by itself, or laugh uncontrollably, simple things that convince her it's working.
Hypnotizing over voice is like an appetizer. All the fun (kinky) stuff happens in real life. If you were able to go under easily enough over voice then you should easily go deep under once meeting in real life. Are you curious about trying it out?
Women lift their arms more often, thus letting me see their armpits
In my experience I've mostly just been like sinking deep and getting horny, making me dress up that kinda stuff but I've never done any raising hands, laughing etc that sounds cute af
I suppose changes in fashion to facilitate the view would be a bonus as well?
Like it isn't my thing but when it comes to wishes details are where its at.
Very interested in trying it. What can you accomplish in real life?
Humans go into heat and fuck more often out of desperation, which is now normalized in society.
Your imagination's the limit, basically. It all depends on how well you react to what kinds of suggestions. I really like making her like a mindless doll, and then use her body however I want and she can't do anything about it. I think a lot of girls actually like that idea. It's not like you are actually completely mindless, but if you like it then you'll just stay still and let it happen anyway.
Then of course it's possible to try things like making her feel hot, like she's having her pussy licked, and other such sensations. Such suggestions may or may not work well.
This would be exactly what I want. Mind sharing your age and general location? I'm 21 and east coast US. Do you have discord?
Quite old (if that's a dealbreaker), and also Europe. I do travel to the east coast once in a while though. If you're ok with all of that then great.
Right up my alley. A lot of gen z girls are into men like this haha.
That sounds awesome. I don't have an alt, can you reply to a throwaway at ry1i1o+bx3ai2h8r34ic@sharklasers.com ? Will give my main discord there.
Why a sex depraved robot and not a chad?
everyone who gets sexually involved falls completely in love and become partners for life.
there, solved a big part of existence.
I'm surprised this is still here. But because I feel like it would be way more intense. Chad is just used to being lazy and not having to try with sex. Plus more shock when time unfreezes which will add to the overwhelming sensation.
what if the robot cuddled you for all that time, and when it all comes at once it's an overload of that fuzzy niceness of being held and cuddles?
That's nasty, I don't want to force people in my fetish. So my wish would be fetishistic illusion casting, so that i can perceive fetishtic scenarios as vividly as though it were actually happening without involving other people
Do you also fantasize about the faceless fat men in hentai?
cringe.
