Any voluntarily NEET homeless anons here wanna share some survival tips?
Being homeless with money is way easier (duh) 
Get a planet fitness membership(black card if you're gonna be going to multiple locations. 
Look up state park reservations (primitive campsites are relatively cheap, you just need to buy a tent and a little gear from walmart) and cabins are nice every once in a while. 
I know you said NEET but eventually you'll want to get a job. Unless you have thousands to blow on a vanlife setup with internet and pc and stuff you'll have little to do in your days. I usually bum around my workplace even when i'm not working just using the wifi and thankfully the managers are cool enough with me. Eventually save enough to move somewhere much cheaper because sleeping in a car or tent for long periods isn't as nice as having a secure place to live with doors you can lock.
can you talk more about your situation, how you got there, how you survived, what was most challenging, how you got out? It looks like something similar is going to happen to me
Planet fitness seems to the top recommendation for the homeless lifestyle. Haven't driven a car since driving school when getting license few years back, idk if I'll be able to afford gas so might not worth it to try it out. Thinking more about chilling in liberal cities, currently NYC.
eventually you'll want to get a job
there doesn't appear to be any non-cucked jobs that normal people can get, the whole point of being homeless, so unlikely but thanks for the advice.
Ive been a homeless alcoholic on neet bux several times in life. Never in the winter though. But I've done it in big cities in the summer months. Usually stay at a shelter, get free food at a soup kitchen, spend my days drinking vodka out of orange juice bottles, watching shit on my laptop at the nearest library. Really not all that bad a time. Once in a while buy some meth and get spun, go jerk off in the woods. Lol cant live like that forever though. But I have done it 6 times though in 3 different Canadian cities.
Just plain kicked out of my dads place and just had car, some belongings, and thankfully some cash. Rent in my city was way too high especially for someone like me who didn't want to work 80 hours a week just for a room in someones house. I just survived by not being dumb, not hanging out with other homeless people, and making a few decent friends. 
The only thing I absolutely hated was being harassed for sleeping in my car, some cities and some places have police and dumb security guards with nothing better to do. That's why I recommend a job (at least part time) and camping in state parks. Showers and food aren't to hard to get but a good sleep without being paranoid is.
There is a few benefits of being homeless in a major city like NYC but WAY more downsides imo. On one hand you don't stand out at all but crime from homeless and crime to homeless is rampant. 
Also simply chilling in the homeless lifestyle may sound appealing when it seems like the only alternative is wagecucking, but if there's anything i've learned from living homeless is that time is very precious, especially youth. Don't waste it being homeless for years. You could get disability bux (idk how to get on those maybe look it up), maybe get school paid for and get a cushy job, join the military for the free school and benefits afterwards, etc. Maybe work 3-4 months a year and spend the rest in vietnam or thailand lving well idk.
Find a passion that you can make a living off of and feel like you're not getting cucked.
Also forgot to mention I stayed busy working out, reading at the library and on my phone and of course working, helps alot
How are the neet bux in Canada?
