Why do normies and foids keep spouting these lies?
Men are having sex just fine and most guys aren't very good-looking
Because it is probably true. If (say) 20% of ugly people are dating, then it is very likely that you will see lots of those couples during your life. It will always be possible no matter what. But the problem is not if it is possible or not, but how hard it is. If you are ugly you are probably in the single 80%, that's the point.
That is bullshit and you know it. More and more men are not getting laid while the most attractive men are getting laid even more than ever before.
Not according to statistics, I guess.
Shut the fuck up. Normies deserve the rope.
See >>73081857. If 80% of men are ugly and ~83% are having sex regularly, then I think men are fine lol.
There are barely any facially ugly men imo. just short and yes i do see quite a lot of short men with romantic partners.
You are so wrong it makes me laugh.
Those stats are misleading and vary greatly by year. Most young men are having sex just fine by 2021 GSS data.
Data should be ignored if it is clearly at odds with reality. There is just no way young women are less sexually active than young men.
Please get out of this board, normie.
The most demoralizing thing is seeing most couples in public are tall handsome guys with fat goblins.
They aren't lying. Any man that doesn't meet their ideal or has a noticable flaw is ugly to them. Any woman with a single trait that is equivalent to theirs or better is pretty.
They see average men as ugly and average women as pretty, and that's unironically a good thing. Once you've secured a partner the last thing you want is for them to see other average men as attractive or desirable. Makes it harder to get in, but easier to retain.
I have literally never seen an ugly zoomer or millennial male with a girlfriend in my life
So the new demoralization meta is "ACKSHULLY EVERYONE ELSE IS FINE IT'S JUST YOU SWEATY", do I have that right? Boring.
Yes
Every first world country has horrible fertility rates. Last I checked most developed nations are actually well below replacement. 
People in general aren't having sex. Most young men are single. 
Cope. 
Seethe.
Dilate.
Women say this shit yet the dudes they hookup with and date arent top tier men anyway. Like guys liking a models pics on social media but their girl is some average chick
