Lookism explains everything in the world doesn't it :(
Can you blame them tho? Lol
no, lookism definitely doesn't explain the solution to the Riemann hypothesis for example
It explains why no one cares though
yes and yes even though it's a baked-in behavior
The Riemann hypothesis is an open problem. We can't make an definitive statements on the nature of its hypothetical solution.
Tenda never misses.
No it doesn't OP. I'm 37 years old, indian, 5ft6, and I know that women care more about attitude and personality than looks. I mean I'm still a virgin, but I have lots of female friends, and when I ask them what they look for in a man, they always say they want someone who is polite, caring, and sincere. I stopped being incel a long time ago and started therapy, I know it will take time to see results, maybe even 20 years, but I will get a GF some day. Don't lose hope. We're all going to make it.
stopped reading there.
So that means it's at least theoretically possible that the ultimate solution WILL, in some way we can't foresee right now, relate to lookism, right?
Nah people do care. You can even win a million dollars for solving it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennium_Prize_Problems
2 stat linked from lookism wikipedia page
10/10 post
Yeah, people are superficial. What's new? Women still want "personality" and resources though.
It's possible that the Riemann Hypothesis is unprovable. We don't even know if a solution exists.
men and women are treated better if they are good looking
this is reality, there is literally zero point whining about this common fundamental truth
I know this is bait but I work with a guy who is like this and you can literally watch the pain in his eyes grow over time
I'm 19 and feel bad I can only get sex from hookers, 37 must be beyond deranged
Looks = all that matter
People want the best. That's how evolution works.
Good Lord, that is an unfortunate chin to have.
Guy on the left mogs that whitoid mayocel cumskin basedboy faggot.
You forgot to mention that ur a janitor.
I work at 7-11.
Unfortunate eyes, cheekbones, race, probably height too lmao
textbook delusion dude looks like a fucking goldfish
Yes.The biggest tell is what women find "creepy".
I'm incredibly autistic and strange, but since I'm good looking women feel safe with me and don't care.
I've had a girl compare me to Jeffery Dahmer, and say I don't make any facial expressions, literally while taking me up to her apartment lmao
based message + casino trips
Lmao
