Incel realizes he must be doing something wrong instead of blaming femoids
grows out his hair
improves his sense of style
buys the newest perfumes 
shaves his body and takes care of his skin
Incel is now surrounded by girlfriends who set him up with Chads and sometimes give him pity sex. 
THAT is how you make it.
I dont know who needs to hear this but stop washing your hair
It was never meant to be washed, let alone every day
Your hair is greasy by 5pm cause its so stripped of oils its overcompensating
Just cut it short and stop washing it, then you can let it grow long
more grooming lmao
I am this but mentally ill and too ugly for someone to pinkpill me even though thats all I wanted yeah it is over
It'd be hot to be the lesbian on a womens friend group. Imagine they treat you like their little girlfriend and emasculate you but then you have sex with them all the time.
groomers are so fucking unsubtle
I dislike women the only ones I can stand are mtfs and that is debatable
I havent washed it on five days. I just use water and massage my scalp and move my fingers through like I was using soap. The oiliness is less than before, I think its regulating itself
Needs occasional washing still. 
Growing out hair is not for everyone. 
Perfume is expensive, and the newest ones aren't necessarily the best. I'd recommend going to a perfume store and trying stuff out on your skin to see if it goes well with your natural musk, skin chemistry, and oils. May also help in determining if you're allergic. Typically you have some sprayed on you, and you walk to other places for like 10 minutes to get the full experience. 
Skin care is good, but takes a lot of experimentation with different things. 
As for sense of style, see image.
As an addendum for any robot our there. If you want a literal failproof perfume for mens, just go with Dior's Sauvage. There are multiple concentrations for Sauvage however. EDP or Eau de Parfum is the concentration of recommend, although it's a bit pricier than the weaker EDT or Eau de Toilette. However, EDP is best bang for buck, as longevity is almost double that of edt. Spray on neck, wrists, and hair if you're feeling extra.
my hair atm looks like the underground man i don think it will look good even bigger
Cutting down on sugar and drinking more water did a lot to improve my skin, also changing my bedsheets more often. It's crazy how much better you can look if your skin clears up. 
I'm also way better at taking care of my hair now, I used to shampoo it way too often., then went to the opposite extreme and didn't shampoo it often enough. Now it looks way better
