Not old enough to consent or know what that is
Not old enough for tobacco, alcohol and drugs 
Old enough to "know" what murder is and that it is expected that you know from the moment you are born 
Don't you just love America? I've seen so many news stories with kids that are 10,11,12,13 and sometimes even as young as 9 that have murdered another kid their age or an adult
These are usually boys, pic-related is rare, that are tried and sentenced as adults and end up spending a lot of their lives if not most of it in prison. Some may even be their for life
Yet these kids ain't oouwd enouhv to know what a ciggawet is? or nevah evah wooked ah poooRn?
It's the same with sexual assault. If a 14 year old "assaults" an 11 year old, he'll be registered as a sex offender for life even if they are both minors under the law 
as liberals like to say, "SHE'S 14 YEARS OLD. SHE'S A BABY. SHE IS LITERALLY A CHILD." Well I guess that 14 year old boy is a grown ass man then
Another thing to add here is boys mature slower than girls of the same age, as cited by leftist scientist globohomos, so why are even harsher with young boys when they're said to be dumber by science?
I can dig it opie! "1989!! the number another summer"
The American "justice" system is about revenge, not rehabilitation.
The age of the child doesn't matter, the retribution for the level of the crime takes precedent over that.
They don't consider the child another victim, or a troubled citizen in need of their help. She broke the law. American law. Jesus' law. She must pay.
Can't even really disagree with this.
For the most part the criminal justice system is about sorting out who deserves punishment and how much punishment based almost entirely on the crime and details of the case. It hasn't really been about rehabilitation or other such nonsense in over a hundred years.
The one thing is that the relative lenient treatment of women in the criminal justice system is directly due to the ongoing wider cultural and legal gynocentrism. It's just how it is and probably will never change unless suddenly men become in such sort supply that women become the disposable gender. But I really don't see that happening.
The American "justice" system is about revenge, not rehabilitation
Based. Don't be a degenerate or you'll get thrown in a cell full of niggers.
