How do I fix my life /r9k/? I am a loner
What are the things wrong in your life and what do you want in life anon?
you don't really, basically if you even found /r9k/ by accident and decided to come back more than once then it was over and always has been over. sorry man
one way you can start, not say this is the definitive way but you can start going to mass on sundays. Church is always open to new members, and mass is a place where your local community is. How to go to mass, just find the local roman catholic church or whatever other denomination you want but I don't know those very well, look up the mass schedule on google maps usually 10:30 or 10am or so on, and just go. It's only an hour long, if you feel shy just sit in the back aisle and enjoy it. You don't have to do anything really, just sit and listen, there's songs, readings, give peace to each other (handshake) and at the end is the eucharist where they give everyone this wafer/cookie and some wine but you don't have to do any of this, can just stay and sit. maybe carry a dollar with you for collection. at the end there's church announcements about activities, sometimes there's a little meetup after mass where everyone goes to lounge and have coffee with baked goods and do small talk or volunteering and so on. 
remember no need to go to church if you feel strongly about muh christcucks but remember, it exists and has been the main source of social outlet for the past thousand years for the western world.
i dont know your specifics but im 26 and I was a loner from literally 11-22. 
I was able to change it by going to the local 24hr Fitness. I know the cliches of "working out" usually are bullshit but I was able to meet some dudes who worked out there and after working out together and only seeing them at the gym they invited me to play basketball. Fortunately I had a hoop growing up (dad was an ex college basketball player) so I knew how to play but I suddenly found myself with a group of dudes I played basketball with.
I am still friends with them and with the experience of talking with them I have made buddies with a few coworkers.
You gotta put yourself out there where you might get rejected or hurt but you wont change until you do
Have you tried getting frens irl?
Not OP, but in extremely similar situations, and you gave solid advice.
There are still some based robots on this board.
Just take my (you).
You deserve it.
FUCKING DIE ESL RETARD
https://derpibooru.org/images/423985
get a better job or something mt
When will this fucking ESL retard fuck off I hate him!
when Over9000 realizes his shitty spam isn't doing anyone favor
YOU'LL BE FUCKING DISMEMBERED
You won't be great
So equal action would
Be brought against you
And I hope that
It happens just to
Stop all of your
Fucking malice and all
by realizing nothing is wrong with it. you and your life are one of an infinite number of divine expressions that is no more or less valid than any other
The negative virtues you
Wish to instill in
This world there's no
Room for you wastes
Of life here you
Can't even reflect on
Your actions which you
Still consider "progress" anyone
Else would realize it
Isn't so death to
Your beliefs and death
To your existence I
Await the day when
It comes when that
Day comes much rejoicing
Will be had the
Death of you would
Be a sign of glory
A sign of better times to come
When subhumans get massacred for their misdeeds
It's the purification of the unworthy from this world
The ones who attempt to bring down this world
They wouldn't be saved from their slain fate
Them being slain is what happens
It is the slaying
Damn I was gonna give real advice and you got schizoposted, you hate to see it
That slices off your soles
FALL INTO AN ACID TANK
And die drowning
In a pool of toejam
I second this
hiki neet
havent gone out in 6 months
no irl friends
barely any online
rarely get a dm/@ once in a while
haven't moved out and no money but a pc
STAB YOURSELF WITH A BUTCHER'S KNIFE
That butcher dis
lazy moustache dude is sleep
getting a job with career opportunities that you find interesting is a start.
it sounds like such a boomer normie advice, one that i would disregard completely 2 years ago but the hard part is finding something you give two fucks about and can have something of an interest in.
i work as an ordinary seaman for a company that does diving jobs on fish farms. there are opportunities for me to become a diver myself so thats pretty rad. had to take some courses out of my own pocket tho which was a little expensive but doing that myself instead of trying to find a company to do it for me put me miles ahead of other applicants.
now spamming MLP everywhere and trying to convert the whole world to bronydom, that's productive! That's the only way to live life!
BLEED YOURSELF DRY
sucking licking feets
feet bleeding chives out
You are asking the wrong board
JUMP OFF A FUCKING CLIFF
YOU'LL BE LEFT FOR DEAD
dead like snorlax that bled out
perhaps you should have a life like mine, spamming MLP everywhere and attacking anyone who doesn't like it! That's a much more productive use of time!
DROWN IN ACID
The killing turns bodies to corpses
Corpses are missing soles though but
DUMP YOUR LIFE AWAY
I may be a waste of life but at least I don't fuck my dog oh woah
You won't be the hero you think you are
They would disintegrate
WIth their carbon fading
tm sucks dog cock, and he thinks that makes him epic
YOUR BLOOD WILL BE SIPHONED
And that empties the veins
What's wrong with being a loner again? Normies and failed normies alike look down on it but they couldnt last a day without talking to someone
Takes the veins out of commission
What the fuck is going on here? Are these lyrics to a death metal song or something/
And make another corpse
Corpses with stinky soles
be born a woman
alternatively troon out. you wont get the benefits of being a real woman but you will have camaraderie with other mentally ills whose whole personality is being persecuted weirdos.
That would die away
don't try alcohol
FACE A BRUTAL EXECUTION
Death is pushed on those deserving
So that it's forced on them
Without giving them a chance
They just die and bleed
With soles leaking blood
DUMP YOUR FUCKING LIFE AWAY
And leave yourself there
Like other deaths
That have killed
And they kill to satisfy
Their own hunger for blood
Find a girl that will love you. That's literally the only way you'll ever find the motivation to better yourself.
There is nothing wrong with being a loner. Every interesting person I've met was a loner at some point and just leaned into it and developed their talents to become a truly interesting person
And they will drink it up
Since they are dependent on blood
I've ruined my life multiple times, so all I can tell you is you can start doing shit. Don't expect it to ever work out but if you do things you can make something out of what you're doing.
And human flesh as well
