Did anyone else get fucked over completely?
I keep forgetting that I am unvaccinated lmao thank my lucky /pol stars haha
So where are the vax shills now? Did nothing but talk shit and tell us we need to take the shot for whatever dumb ass bullshit explanation they can pull out of their ass and then what? Moment shit like this drops they go silent. A whole fucking year of that shit man and just gone the next day.
so fucking stupid that it has to have been done on purpose
The fact that hlthis even happened and braindead morons pushed it saying follow the science. Okaayyyy
Man I really hate that my dad forced me to get vaxxed and now I have sharp and dull heart pain every other day
I don't go outside except to walk my dog, so I never got the vaccine nor do I think I would've even if I was more social. I actually tend to enjoy getting sick, it's nostalgic for me. My condolences to anyone who starts forming clots because they got vaxed.
2 more weeks, /pol/brothers.
Just 2 more weeks and we'll be proven right!
same. got it because my mom wanted me to go on holiday, started having a meltdown cause i didnt want it over going on holiday. Finally relented- am now vaxxed and i keep getting palpitations and pressures where i didnt have any a few months prior. i am mummys perfect little soon to be dead child
dont know where 2 more weeks came from at all. seems its more a steady stream of deaths over years and years. the vax is in your body and will kill you over time- once you have it its a ticking time bomb over months, years, whenever. we have already been proven right again and again
no im fine
Oh well, it was a long shot that it would kill me anyway. And I'm fat and out of shape. I should've gotten the booster as well.
Yep, 60 years from now you will be proven right when I die in an unrelated car crash.
Try facebook, most people on here are neutral or anti vax.
Vax shill here. It saved countless lives during the first variants. That it shouldn't have been forced on people by states and corporations is a different story.
Yes, the fundie newspaper which I received as spam in my mailbox is trustworthy.
Please PLEASE ask your doctor about Risperdal. It will help you combat the white cars in front of your apartment which your gangstalkers use!
Facebook is where most antivaxx soccer moms and boomers live though.
youll crash your car in 10 years because of a heart attack. Doesn't matter when, people have been robbed of time because of poison forced onto them
You're incorrect and have an IQ below 115.
No
God spared me, I'm not sure why.
Most of my family took it though.
Odds are we will see in an increase in heart attacks in the long term just from obesity and how sedentary people are.
I was injured. Myocarditis, which is heart muscle tissue swelling, and pericarditis which is the sac the heart is in. Started last summer with aura migraines that presented with almost no pain. Scary stuff. Almost passing out. I am in good shape with a resting heart rate of 50-ish, and blood pressure of 120/78 almost every time I check. I would get episodes of tachycardia. Tachy meaning fast. Cardia referring to the heat. Fast heartrate. BP of almost 160/100. Troponin levels almost non existant so no heart attack or damage. Took 3 months for it all to go away on it's own. Lived a bit sedentary until it went away. 3 months of torture.
This never happened, and you copied this from Facebook, from a person it also didn't happen to.
I will always lmao at vaxxies. They took the science juice and are now rabidly defending their decision. Shit like "2 more weeks" makes me laugh. I didn't take it so I don't have to worry about shit, corona is a massive nothingburger now, all that is left is concern about the Fauchi ouchie. The vax was a test of people's resolve, those that succumbed to peer pressure are now on the wild ride, destination unknown.
Somebody post that anon on /pol/ saying that he's from the future and giving the exact date when the covid vaccines will roll out and not to take them because they're toxic and will kill you
This post was made using the prompt "Write a multiple sentence /pol/ style post defending antivaxxers."
It was a swedish dude. Mcaffee also warned us.
Antivaxxers are mostly black BTW
I apologise that I'm not a dog like you. Using lingo like 'anti-vaxxers' tells me all I need to know about you.
What would you call yourself, then? Do you have a different phrase you would like me to call you as, like how I'd call someone "developmentally disabled" instead of "retarded"?
Only had one shot of Pfizer after giving in to pressure from parents and have never felt the same ever since. My sleep hasn't been the same and I keep getting circulation and joint issues which were never there before. Not really bothered if it ends up killing me desu, the future looks completely bleak
Only had one shot of Pfizer after giving in to pressure from parents and have never felt the same ever since.
You didn't take it. You are an antivaxxer and generated this post to fill up the thread.
My sleep hasn't been the same and I keep getting circulation and joint issues which were never there before.
This isn't happening because you didn't take it.
Your schizophrenia will worsen and you will kill yourself through a gunshot to your right temple. This is how you will die.
No, because I obviously didn't take an experimental vaccine that was created in under a year and didn't go through any kind of serious clinical testing process (they usually take years).
I have all that too and it started around 2021. But I've never had a single shot. I think it's probably caused by the virus itself. Vaccine probably just exacerbates it or aggravates it if anything.
Call me 'someone who hasn't taken the covid vaccine'. Anti-vaxxer implies that I'm against all forms of inoculation, which I'm not, I'm against the covid vaccine in particular. Intricacies matter, especially when you're using words like 'anti-vaxxer' which carry a very negative connotation to them. I like the little thing you did with calling me 'developmentally disabled'. You should probably prepare for the potential of alzheimer's, among other things. 
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/35436552/
Ooooooh, a scientific article! It's so authoritative!
Tell me, what is the scientific community's opinion on this one (1) article you posted?
i dont get the issue with this, seems perfectly normal.
Consensus doesn't equal that you're correct. Fauchi acts as a grant czar for scientific studies, wouldn't you say that's biased? You don't think the pharmaceutical industry couldn't lobby scientists for the results they want? How naive are you? That's also 100% more articles than you've brought to the table. I think your brain may be failing you, drink some water, have a little sit down. Maybe watch some CNN and then see how you feel.
1
You are an antivaxxers, therefore you have an IQ less than 115.
2
You have an IQ less than 115, therefore anything you say is automatically wrong and undeserving of legitimate debate.
Unlike you, I need to go to work, therefore shut the fuck up and don't cause my thread watcher to ping me again during my commute or at the office.
lmao you're really something. 
Ahem
1) Your not as smart as me. I have an iq of well over 115 thank u very much
2) Your mannerisms remind me of a fat person, don't be fat, bmi over 40 is bad
3) I'm better than you, I have a job, yeah that's right. I work at applebees bitch
Cover your ears!!! He's saying something I don't like!!!
What exactly is this highly scientific article even saying? Vaccines are very fast acting things, if it's been years what do you think it's even doing? The vaccine told your body to manufacture a spike protein of the COVID virus. It finished its job pretty quickly. We also have the vaccine blue print available online for independent verification. Can someone tell me what other proteins the vaccine was coding for that are so nefarious? (Specific names)
Only rational opinion.
you and me both fuck docniggers.
t. ENTP
*antivaxxer
You are an antivaxxers
*antivaxxer
*You're
Dang looks like I missed out on a well researched fact finding article.
That was the joke you fucking retard.
You could have just not taken it.
I got costochondritis (popping of ribs and weird pain) after covid but luckily went away after 6 months or so. Got SINOVAC vaccine. My mother got PFIZER and her HERPES returned after vaccination.
i got it for the sole reaosn that i thought it would kill me but nothing happened. fuck you /pol/, you lied to me.
Lmao you are so fucked
You cut 20 years of your life just because you couldn't say no to your parents
When you get that final heart attack in your 40's you'll think about this post kek
Oh noooo, my phone changed a singular noun to a plural noun, as phones have a tendency to do, which I was using because I was on my commute, unlike ugly fat NEETs like you who sit at your bedroom's desk all day.
Why are you calling me a nigger when most antivaxxers are black, statistically speaking? Just based on your belief system, without knowing anything else about you, it is more likely that you have a higher melanin concentration than I do.
Always love to see vaxxie cope
Refer to prior original commentarino
How am I coping, &lt;115?
Not my problem
untested
You forgot
unvaxxed
You forgot
unsick
You forgot
uncut
You forgot
Hey back to work now. You're on company hours.
Okay Mr. Robot, you get 1 second of my time. At present there is enough evidence mounting that the mRNA injections were not only never helpful but were in fact harmful. This is that science thing you retards were so gung-ho about in 2020 so why are you not listening? The data you love so much is out there. To read these points in April 2023 is so tone deaf that I have to believe you are a bot or trolling. That's all you get from me. I take solace in knowing your ilk will die early.
It's understandable, I wouldn't want to work if I lived in the ghetto like you and could only get a job at 7-11 with a skillset like yours.
You must look like the penguin from the old Tim Burton batman films. Little short legs shaking in anger lmao. You've got reports to fill out, don't wanna piss off your boss now!
say bullshit
Yes, we all saw the videos showing how Shapiro does this. 
Should I have a legitimate conversation with someone who says the oceans have turned red, or should I make fun of him?
word it as an assumed truth
Yes, we all saw the videos showing how Shapiro does this. 
Should I have a legitimate conversation with someone who says the oceans have turned red, or should I make fun of him?
I'm judging you based on the demographics associated with antivax beliefs. Going by statistics, most antivaxxers are black, unemployed, mentally ill, obese, low IQ.
lmao you have 0 self awareness
That's the only good reason to get the clot shot.
Have it up to 4th shot because of some sort of OCD of mine, and wanted to complete the vaxx card.
No severe side effects, despite doing exercise and stuff. Probably because I'm a Mexican with a bit of Ashkenazi Jewish blood from grandma; I'm an agnostic NatSoc btw -- KILL ALL CHRISTKEKS AND THEIR FOREFATHERS.
everyone i know took the vax, they all seem fine. 
my mom is super old and unhealthy and when she got covid, she got over it and was fine
i didnt get vaxxed and im fine
actually ive been feeling under the weather for days and puked monday night and previous thursday night? maybe it was the kale i ate out of the garbage? my temp is 99.3 when its usually like 98.9. i suppose it wouldnt be a bad idea to take a covid test.
Forgot to add, I took the vaxx in order to kill myself, but I guess the Jewish DNA prevented that.
Same. I wanted to get my shit together but no way I can even work part time like this. Also, are your hand and feet veins green too, anons?
https://www.voiceforscienceandsolidarity.org/
https://www.rintrah.nl/
Bookmark rhese sites if you're interested in this stuff, they've been right about many things since the beginning. There will be no collapse the way you imagine it, but you're delusional if you think nothing is going on. Goes for all the anons woth "unexplained" symptoms.. Also
https://youtu.be/Fpb7l1T0XQM [Embed]
Reddit is still full of vaccine sucking bootlickers even today
no because i m pureblood. Simple A-S
based
I got it hoping it would kill me so I can die without having to kms. I just wish I would've been one of the ones who died shortly after getting it instead of just having my health be all fucked up
hopefully you retards will learn math before we destroy the planet because one of you faggots forgets how to parse information
wtf retard just hang yourself. the vaccine wont kill you it'll only give you health problems RETARD
I like how antivaxxers just make up shit for no reason
Because we are smart as fuck.
No because I'm not a conspiracytard that copes with cherrypicked articles. As someone who actually has friends and family who are doctors, I can tell you that antivaxxers are the biggest retards on the planet.
Over 12x more likely to be hospitalized and 7x more likely to get myocarditis as unvaccinated. No amount of cope changes that.
That's a little racist
Good thing I'm a ModernaChad
no, I feel completely fine.
The vax was the filter that separated humanity into three groups
Humans (unvaxxed kings)
The vax was the filter that separated humanity into three groups
NPCs (enthusiastic vaxoids)
The vax was the filter that separated humanity into three groups
Cattle (cowards who didn't want to get vaxxed but caved to bullying and used muh job, muh vacations, muh family etc as an excuse)
The vax was the filter that separated humanity into three groups
unlike vaxxies wholl never be right
