What is /r9k/'s favorite vanilla WoW race?
For me gotta be femtroll, always roll fem trolls
Male dwarf. In the rare event I make a Horde toon then it's male troll.
Trolls. Dwarf if I had to go Alliance. Really like Tauren too.
Won't play anything else.
I really enjoy tuaren leveling zone in mulgore, super comfy
Tauren - if only for warstomp - in pvp this allowed you to effectively spell lock or silence someone for 12 seconds as a shaman (between Earth Shock (when it was an interrupt) and the stomp). That, or you could pop a lesser healing wave off. That was underrated early on.
other than that - dwarf for lore/aesthetic reasons. liked the dwarf zones.
Probably dwarf or undead.
Crazy how far I departed from both of those options in retail since nelves don't look like shit.
Male orc supremacy. Zug zug
female night elf
whichever one is the meta for my class pick :)
Night elf
Lvling 1-20 through night elf zones is the ultimate immersion.
teldrassil? i agree
darkshore quests are ok (minus all the running), but the immersion is meh.
ashenvale had nice immersion, but the quests suck. honestly it's more fun to play ashenvale on horde. it's a nice change after leveling through the barrens
Human Male.
As someone said, night elf male, because it brought a really immersive feel, it was like being on an adventure alone, enjoying the nature and magic of that world. It qas also very calming. Night elf males are also hot. 
I also loved undead zones and desrves'.
Anyone who thinks vanilla is a good game or hard-core is good when it's community/addon based are fucking stupid people.
Combine that with people who "roll" a class or call their character a "toon" and you got someone who I easily could strangle IRL.
Male human self-insert as with all games
Zoomer here.
Did you all really play this ps1 shit?
bro it came out like 19 years ago 
it was one of the best mmo experiences at the time
i liked the undead. 
i felt bad for them and thought they were the underdogs. 
then i learned more about them, still kind of neat. 
that said i want to fuck a cute gnome with pink hair.
i thought that was cringe too actually
It was flat-out, bar-none the best MMO ever. It was a global phenomenon. There were over 5 million players worldwide during vanilla. It broke records as the fastest selling PC game. It was an unbelievable experience to say the least.
There's a reason classic servers are still up and fucking nobody plays EQ2, DOAC, Conan, SWG, COH, or AC anymore.
Yep there is a difference between liking a game alot as a kid and enjoying it somewhat as an adult.
There is a difference also in liking something and advocating for it.
Also obviously any character you make is just that: a character. It is not your personality and you are not rolling it, you are playing it.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3yhwfqsovNU&amp;pp=ygUYQXZlcmFnZSBhc21vbmdvbGQgdmlld2Vy [Embed]
I'm glad people see vanilla like this, we can keep it to ourselves and not let zoomers shit up servers 
Btw you are a retard who knows nothing about what makes a good game you nigger worshiper
Normalniggers need to get out of my board
female undead always and forever
Undead were the master race and I only played as a Tauren because I wanted to be a druid.
The Alliance are scum that deserve execution by firing squad unless they are Night Elves that are also druids. We had a nice unspoken truce and never harmed each other.
Tauren male warrior.
night elves
you know why
druidism, shadowmeld, and comfy zones
Fresh when? Wouldn't mind the grind.
turtle is at 7k pop right now, been having a blast besides tranny gms
damn how long until that one gets blasted down too?
Not sure, I know nost was not necessarily forced into by the C&amp;D and could have kept it running but deciding to comply as they knew retail classic was launching.
They didn't know retail classic is coming. Nost owners few times said how they got no contact from blizzard after the pr stunt of flying them to show off nostalrius to blizz bosses.
After some time they gave data to Elysium which lasted a long time. Then elysium went down and forgot what happened.
I'll have to look into it, did not know that oops
Turtle is run by shenna, now going by the alias torta, who is well known for being a piece of shit who stole money from Elysium, and sold gold and characters there. She hates the players, pays shills on reddit and makes DoS attacks on cometing pservers. Fuck Shenna. As soon as Twow starts dying, you'll see the same shit happen, because it's happened multiple times already. But people are retarded.
damn thats crazy
Yup, not even mentioing the GMs power tripping and abuse of power (cough cough sneaky tinyfin cherrypie)
Yeah, but SHE SPECIFICALLY ran Elysium into the ground, and is now hiding her identity behind a new alias. You get banned from the server if you mention what she did before. Twow is basically Shenna's cult now. Iguess she learned from Elysium that if you don't heavily censor your community, they might complain...
