tfw make $160k per annum
still have ZERO response from the ladies
would even willingly spend like half of what's left after taxes on a bitch just to keep her around
It's over.
Exactly. And keep in mind that if you were living in the 1950s, you would have a queue of women for you.
dunno about the rest of them but I'm down I'm broke
Yeah this is the true blackpill. Women will not shack up with a guy they are repulsed by, even if he is a billionaire
160k is not that much in a big city, really depends on where you're from. But you can thank abolition of the patriarchy for that.
Just go to SEA at this point, use your money and the promise of a green card to punch above your weight.
height and race?
I come from private school and lesser foids hit on me, but I'm white and 6ft
you are delusional if you think a billionaire can't have almost any woman he pleases.
Not OP but I am white and 6ft4, the only women who have hit on me are ugly Indian hags and a 3/10 sea monkey at my work. Its over.
nah. never compromise! white women for white men.
Rate your looks out of 10
Personality trumps all. You have a shit personality.
Evidence: you're complaining about women on 4chan.
160k is not that much in a big city
People have such a distorted perception of wealth it's insane, median income in the US is about $30k, and median income in NYC is only five thousand higher. 50% of people make less than this amount.
You're supposed to be the one hitting on them, only low tier women will be the ones hitting on you. Even if you're Chad. Women expect a guy to be the one hitting on them.
I would literally reject Elon Musk let alone some fugly relatively wealthy loser from the internet
$160k was worth a lot more then
The median household income in the US is around 70k, and that includes all retirees and welfare cases.
Why haven't you gone to Thailand or Vietnam yet??
And if you're a racist, go to Eastern Europe
Quit bitching and forcibly mate press already
160k isn't that much in 2023 
personality is important 
you probably have a low status/lame job 
Money is just one of many things women care about, and you aren't even making that much of it. Yeah to a lower class girl 160k is a lot, btu that same type of girl is more likely to care about personality and dark triad shit that can get her off than living a comfy, jobless existence since she's already used to living in poverty.
OP is just salty that all the 10/10 bitches won't dive on his dick now that he's got a decent paying job. 
I bet you could get average chicks but you just think their beneath you
Household income includes all adult members of a household, so it's usually two individual incomes combined.
Earning more than double that is a lot of fucking money.
Nobody wants a gook bitch, lol. Lmao. Not even gooks! Lmao. Lol.
Japanese women are hot, though.
you have to be a multi millionaire to get women if ur ugly
