I'm not really an incel. Actually the only reason I use this board is to shitpost about women and minorities. But I am curious about something...
Let's say it's all true: a disproportionate amount of men (Chads) are breeding up all the women while you incels and beta males are left by the wayside waiting for scraps. When given total freedom over their romantic life, women will choose asshole Chads over nice guys every single time.
What's the solution? Is this an inherent problem with our society, or simply an unfortunate circumstance of women's rights? Is there anything that can be done?
inb4 take away women's freedom. I don't consider that an option.
Arranged marriage culture works well and isn't that unrealistic. Some places in the world still do that a lot.
Ostracize women for being whores again
Would parents just decide for themselves who to marry their children to? Would there be some sort of dowry or payment involved?
I'm unfamiliar with how this typically works in a place like India. I'd be worried about getting lumped in with some fat uggo.
Do you really think that would work? People used to do that in the middle ages, some countries adultery was punishable by death even. But women still cheated and fucked stable boys.
I would prefer getting forced into a marriage with a fat ugly girl over how dating works in the US.
I just want a girl I can love and am not superficial. And I say that as a guy whose past two girlfriends were surprisingly very hot. I don't like trying to meet people and am extremely introverted and asocial (one of these girlfriends I got because she responding to a gf begging thread many years back and happened to live near me).
Literal cuck tier shit. It's required for society to return to a functional state. So you're choosing collapse over telling women no. How much of a fucking cuck can you possibly be. Holy shit.
i mean its always been that way. women will flock to top % of men whether that be looks or money / status. right now women have plenty of their own money so that isnt as powerful of an attraction as it was in the past. women also dwarf most men in status as well thanks to social media. all thats left for them is looks, and thanks to social media they are constantly exposed to the very top % of men in terms of looks so that becomes their bare minimum.
i dont really think there is a solution other than some sort of mass culling of men via a world war and then the remaining chads reigning as kings of a female worker drone society. thats what women want at the end of the day.
Shut the fuck up, retard. Society isn't gonna collapse because you can't get laid.
Do you really think women want that? I don't think they want anything, per say. Everything they do is done instinctively, they're not purposefully avoiding beta males. It just happens. They're like animals, they don't even know what they're doing. In a lot of ways men are the same.
yeah. you'd think a world full of chads for every women is what they'd want but then they wouldnt be able to show off if everyone else had the same. they want scarcity to prove superiority to other women.
Destroy the welfare state. And eliminate all court-ordered child support for out-of-wedlock births.
Most of women's modern pseudo-independence is based on the state enabling their blatant parasitism. Even the women who aren't engaging in parasitical behavior at this very moment make their plans based on the assumption that they will be able to do so if it becomes necessary.
I don't consider this "taking away women's freedom".
Stop having the need for it and stop feeling you need to have a gf. That simple.
What's the solution?
Make women second class citizens.
Once islamic population reaches 50%, that will happen anyway.
At least now women can try negotiating better deal than Shariah.
Remove welfare state, affirmative action, ESG scores, family courts, dating apps, subversive lobbism and return to TV censorship
In terms of social engineering women should be viewed as a resource like petroleum or precious metals. The current state has no care for how women are distributed because they only care about looting western nations and replacing their populations with low iq immigrants so WWIII can never happen. If I was in charge it would be mandatory for a woman to be married by the age of twenty-one or she will become a comfort woman for the states soldiers. Divorce would be illegal though men who commit adultery would receive corporal punishment
I honestly think once we get futuristic, cyberpunk, AI-infused sex dolls that can milk a cock better than any woman can, women will have to either become more appealing as partners or be automated away.
Based and truth-pilled.
