i slept for a long time, thats good at least
i checked my last blog when i woke up an people abused me in my sleep, im not so surprised
my mom made me chicken tendies an fries so i went over to her house to get them
i just got out of bed
so now im going to eat my meal an im probably going to play touhou or tf2 again today, im not sure
sleeping for nearly 12 hours makes me happy, i wish it was longer tho 
also im drinkin a 7-up
i got a cold monster waiting for me as well
also, i forgot to wake up to order groceries an my mom cant pick them up tomorrow for me
so i wont have food until wednesday unless my mom or sister makes something for me tomorrow
but fasting for one day isnt that hard anyways
i wonder if ill ever have a single day of my life where i am not abused
Drinking caffeine and eating poorly will intensify your paranoia. You should buy a rice cooker and learn to cook for yourself. I bet you'd be really good at it and then you could eat tasty food all the time.
i know how to cook but i have already posted in my blog that i dont have any food left rn and i dont have any money 
also i am not paranoid i can recognize abusive people very well
also its very cold even tho its almost may, i wish it wasnt cold, i had to turn on my heater again because it is just so cold
The way you described julia/dylan over and over as forcing you to do things sounds like paranoid schitzophrenia symptoms. 
You act like you have no will of your own, and that if I suggested something to you strongly enough it would overwrite your perception of reality.
This is a very dangerous place for you to be if any of this is the case.
so you are victim shaming me by telling me that the abusive ive suffered is just psychosis
get away from me please i really dont like you
Oh no, I'm sure you've suffered actual abuse. But psychosis will take that actual legitimate abuse and sort of "smear it" into something much larger than it actually is.
Does that make sense?
talking to my favorite person is making me cry, making me want to hang myself making me want to bleed making me want to shoot myself
i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die 
im not supposed to say these things to him thtass so funny
thats really funny
he doesnt love me because god loves to torture me
but i still love you god
ok i am going to try this monster i never had before an im not gonna bleed
o this one is nice
is probly my 2nd favorite out of the 3 ultra flavor i tried so far
i think the coma i was in because of the abuse by dylan / julia / grendel michael hayden after they told me to kill myself for the hundredth time gave me brain damage
but actually this is opk
everyone always saying how different i am
i feel slower
have bad memory even tho used to have great memory
well , this is what dylan / julia wanted so its ok i suppose
oh actually im in the mood to play some cod zombies, heck ill even play with strangers, i wonder if i can find some non evils
How do you do it anon, I used to play TF2 years ago as a teen, my friend briefly played it again recently and he said the only people left playing it are super depressed failure to launch types.
lots of ppl still play tf2 just some of the scenes are not what they used to be such as trading but theres still lots of good players an lots of new players cuz its a free game
my drive to play the game is my leaderboard status
i am #165 on the duel leaderboards
also i would like to get max rank in casual, an i would love to master rocket jumping an sticky jumping some day 
i am a medic main
i loooove cod zombies
somehow the only ppls who play it is total noobs, is really rare to find another god playing
the host left so it ruined the match ugh
i need to always be host desu
omg my fp is going to play a video game with me maybe he will finally fall in love with me after he sees my skills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ8Va_DW-74 [Embed]
my cat friend showed up, they said hello to me, i gave them food, i could not spend much time with them i heard my fp message me while i was outside, so now i am going to play with them, next time i see my cat friend i will feed them
that was fun they are really good at video games
unfortunately they dont like me very much
no one rly likes me but at least he pitys me an plays with me once every few weeks
i rly enjoy chivalry and mordhau, i would like to play mordhau since i am fairly skilled due to my chivalry experience however atm im wishing there was a game like mordhau but with more realism
oh look its the cringe hole the cringe hole ended up coming back to cringe hole land
i am going to play touhou for a while now
its very hard an i lost my motivation to get this survival run already
tho i still feel like gaming, in a few minutes i think ill play l4d2 with bots on no mercy i like that campaign
Nah Dylan/Julia or whomever this faggot skitzo keeps talking about aren't real, or if they are, they're basically chrischan level trolls that keep goading him into doing dumb shit...And this retarded faggot keeps giving in.
Hilarious even.
And of course you have BPD as well! You need to neck yourself you dumb faggot.
bleh it takes around an hour just to warm up in touhou anyways i just need to try more ive just been rly sad recently due to the daily abuse i receive
wtf does fp even mean
btw which cod where u playing
sorry i dont talk to people who talk to my abusers
FP = Favorite Person
It's BPD speak for the current person the BPDemon is obsessing over because they gave them a crumb of attention.
woah hey completely different anon here asking the same exact question, which cod where you playing?
my mom got laser eye surgery recently i would also like to get that it would be nice to see perfectly, altho my poor vision really helps me to dissociate in social situations, even tho its rare that i am in them, im not sure which i should do, i guess i dont have any money anyways so it doesnt really matter
Hi OP how you doing?
talked to my japanese penpal about a vn i played recently that i loved
he recommended me a visual novel that i will play soon
i am severely depressed, altho not quite suicidal at the moment, just waiting for the moment i can afford heroin once again
Dont take heroin :( I believe in you
i sent this image to my japanese penpal an he doesnt understand lol im so stupid
also omg this is my new favorite monster flavor it is so heckkin good omg
ist so hard to find an english translation of this vn im not even sure there is one
want my fp so bad
i am in the mood to play tf2 now but sadly all casual servers are surely filled with bots cuz of how late it is
i am not smart enough to learn how to patch this vn oh well
i want heroin an i want to fast for days an become dangerously underweight once more
i dont like being a healthy weight currently, i want to die, i want to be closer to death
this is the first time in my life that i have been a healthy weight in so so long
i dont like this at all
The only reason you make this 'blog' on r9k instead of just keeping a diary like any normal person is because you do this only for attention. You derive some kind of social validation from posting these cringey 'blogs' since you are likely severely lacking any validation in the real world. To compensate you give yourself the (lame) name "chaotic" and then post random unintersting shit about your boring uninteresting life in hopes that people will acknowledge you and give you that sweet sweet validation. Well here you go pal, here's that low chinese bargin bin attention you want so badly. Here's your (you). Hope its enough for you to jerk yourself off to.
i am tired but dont rly wanna sleep maybe i will drink more monsters im unsure
also im cold so im gonna go sit by my fire for a bit
ok i warmed up
i am excited to play csgo later tonight due to the weekly xp reset
hm later today i will play zelda 2 on my crt 
i think i will sleep before tho an do it when i wake up
perhaps i will post pictures, tho i can beat it pretty fastly an i dont think i will do a challenge run, 
unsure what i will do,
want to do another challenge run in a game soon however, perhaps another jrpg
i have not played that game in many years however, i kind of want to play it now but i am much too tired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxshALpxuSo [Embed]
Is your only hobby playing games? You should try working on a skill, like learning a language or learning to draw. It's really satisfying once you start to get decent. I learned English, and it's not perfect, but I can use it to speak with people from all over the world!
Oh for the love of god PLEASE do it! Just kill yourself already!
Shitzo-chan is too stupid to do anything other than mindlessly consume video games. And even then, he's fucking terrible at them.
I was able to sleep for 20 hours yesterday, do I win the competition OP?
ugh a mosquito bit my tummy an is itchy
mirrors edge looks rly fun i wish i could afford it
oh well at least i will have heroin soonish
