<comment>
be me
ukranian refugee in germany
live in a shithole
forced by german government to go to school even though i still have online school in ukraine and not going to stay here
2 fucking hours of commute, we don't even learn anything there
after holidays get back to wage slaving without any wage as usual
classroom is locked
fucking fritzes switching up shit without anyone knowing again
think about how fucked up all governmental institutions are here
They cut down on promised alimonies, stopped continuing s-bahn pass for 2 months now, ignore letters, etc
epicidea.png
if nothing works here, I can just skip school for next week, and nothing's gonna happen
tell mom that holidays continue
it works
mamaimmacriminal.mp3
week passes
go to school cause mom's not going to belive by word that school's cancelled +don't want to test fate
teacher asks where have I been for the past week
oh shit they know
those fuckheads have actually recorded every single time I skipped
classmate tells me what the consequences for that may be
already planning how I would escape from the jew-hunters busting down my shithole's door, live on the streets until I get to the international bus to gtfo there
mom calls me on the phone
decline cause in class
then she writes: "People from school told me you're not in school, but it's all figured out now"
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK
get home, dreading mother's arrival
she arrives, and mentions it
godhavemercy.png
she says they told her that I wasn't in class today, but then corrected themselves and said that I wasn't in class for some 2 days which me and mom agreed about.
thankyougod.png
we talk about the whole thing
"Yeah, one guy even asked about why I wasn't in-"
fucking retarded dumbass was about to say "-school last week", but stopped myself last nanosecond
"wasn't where?"
thinkthinkthinkthink
"...why I wasn't in school those 2 days"
crisisaverted.png
I still have to survive next month. I'll then post if I end up in prison or not
<comment>
show passport
<comment>
go back to ukraine and die for your jewish lead- I mean country.
<comment>
What a retarded faggot are you for thinking you go to prison for this shit?
<comment>
the police will literally come to your house and drag you to school if you dont go
<comment>
Thanks for reassuring words. But it is possible to get a fine for this or sent to prison for like 2 weeks or smth. Not likely, it's not of realms of possibility either. This country is ran by retarded faggots
<comment>
Anon, the jew will arrest your parents even here in the jewnited states. Keeping fresh goyim bodies in the jewish indoctrination camps is a huge money scam and they don't get paid if you don't attend. Stealing shekels from hebrews is considered a serious offense everywhere they are in power.
<comment>
Da JOOZ
all you had to do was not skip school, you fucking idiot
