If fathers were actually raising their sons properly there wouldn't be an incel problem
sons used to work with their fathers all day and learned everything about life, now the father is slaving and commuting 10 hours a day and doesn't have the time or energy to properly raise their sons
meanwhile, women with their daughters: you can't just say yes, you have to play hard to get or else he won't respect you. men only want one thing and that's what you have between your legs, so you ...
Yep. Why does no one teach that? Movies and TV shows always show and teach the opposite. 
Fucking up young boys one at a time.
And those are shit girls you won't even want. So better to leave them early rather than late.
Sounds like you should just date your mom. Retard
I take it you didn't grow up in the States?
incels are a genetic thing: short height and ugly face. fathers became the way they are because fathers are now bad tall handsome men selected by women to be fathers.
incels were created by freedom of sexual selection for women.
This women is actually giving the correct advice for the absolute wrong reasons. I'm sure she'd have the opposite answer if her nephew said "she wants to stay friends but I wanna ghost her" lmao.
Playing hard-to-get is not telling someone "no" when they ask you out. Chad is not getting told "no", they're throwing flirty insults and light teasing at eachother in DMs lmao.
Yeah. If you get turned down, you should move on because you're probably just wasting your time. The woman though is a retarded hysterical blue-hairedTumblr SJW who thinks that her nephew would be committing the worst crime in the world if he ever asked her out a second time. Probably proceeded to hyperventilate and talk about how women are the most oppressed group in the world and how 99 percent of all women are raped.
Have you ever played hard-to-get? That's a very common way to do it.
Still, it's not an excuse to keep pursuing. Because if it turns she actually meant it, you just fucked yourself.
No it is not, that girl does not like you. Not sleeping with you the first night, avoiding outright vocalizing that she's attracted to you, not wanting to commit to a relationship immediately, teasing/play insults, not texting too often/fast, those are common ways to play hard-to-get. If you ask out a girl, and she says "no", SHE DOES NOT LIKE YOU.
Women don't need to be taught anything. Their sexual strategy comes pre-baked and working out of the box. By puberty all women know how to be as evil and conniving as possible to secure resources and a mate.
Judging by these, I'm clearly the first the member of the opposite sex you've ever talked to.
More of a random aside than anything, but as a male, I have never felt "harassed" by someone bringing up their feelings for me a second time. It only starts feeling that way around maybe the 4th or 5th.
not one of these has anything to do with hard to get, anon.
No, women are retarded. They only know how to throw themselves at what makes their vaginas wet and manipulate everyone else as non-sexual standby resources. Anything that requires even slightly more longterm consideration or strategy, they will botch horribly. There's a reason wealthy families would have to send their daughters to be trained in manners and courting before trying to find a husband. And even then they couldn't be trusted to make any final decisions about their own sexuality.
True, but that's not teachable so it's sort of moot my friend. You need laws to force them not to be retarded
i do this a lot with guys i like
women dont play hard to get with men they're genuinely attracted to. women have sex the first night with men they find genuinely attractive. all else is cope.
What is wrong with you? For what fucking reason? Have you considered suicide?
Why have enough people been interested in you for there to be a pattern?
/shrug, I just feel more comfortable with it than other flirting methods.
what raising a children have to do with being unatractive?
You're the reason why MeToo happened.
I would say guys who get themselves MeTooed were why it happened. But whatever helps you sleep at night.
Make up your mind.
No.
I won't.
Train your emotional intelligence so you can tell what the other person actually feels instead of staying autistic.
"No" doesn't always mean "no", much like "yes" doesn't always mean "yes" (and the model's been "yes means yes" for a while, btw).
Your parents should've taught you that what you say and what you mean are two completely different things, and conflating the two is not how communication works.
People shouldn't pussyfoot around this when it comes to sex if it means having to risk rape charges. You people are insane. If you don't want a guy, just say no you morons. Is it really that hard?
Uh, no. There's exceptions and nuances, but the vast majority of the time you're supposed to communicate clearly. You sound unhealthy.
If you don't want a guy, just say no you morons.
We do. It just doesn't always mean "no".
There's exceptions and nuances
i.e.: what you say =/= what you mean. That's human communication 101.
This is communicating clearly. Conflating say/mean together is generally unnuanced and a black-and-white take on something that's variable in nature.
that's exactly what she was describing, anon
Why say "no" in the first place? So dumb.
Why say "no" in the first place?
To say "no", Anon. It's not that hard. Whether or not it actually means "no" is a different matter altogether.
It's literally how people communicate with each other.
It literally isn't though. If a person orders a sandwich and when it's given to them they don't want it, why did they order said sandwich in the first place? To waste time?
It literally isn't though.
It is, unless you have an incel's idea of how socializing works.
For various reasons. There's not just one.
No, it's how AMERICANS communicate with each other, fuckwads.
I'm not surprised that more and more men are dropping out of the game. This shit is so stupid, especially if they have to jump through all of these hoops.
Only sometimes, you stupid fucking nigger. Not all the time, or commonly. Just because you're a duplicitous retard doesn't mean it's a societal expectation or norm.
Only sometimes
All the time.
or commonly
It is common, incel.
This is the norm. Every time somebody says something, there's subtext behind it. What you say is never what you're actually saying. No one does that, and it's generally an unhealthy and aberrant social practice.
lol. You're trying way too hard to come across as street smart. Hiding your feelings to get along in society is a norm, but "what you say is never what you're actually saying is" taking things to a ridiculous, absurd extreme. Social dances being normal doesn't mean that it applies to every single sentence spoken and that every single word ever spoken is a multi-layered lie.
You're trying way too hard to come across as street smart.
No one said anything about street smart, and I'm not sure how you associated them.
Hiding your feelings to get along in society is a norm
That's not a widely practiced norm.
but "what you say is never what you're actually saying is"
literally how people communicate with each other.
But it applies to the overarching consistency of them, which is far more indicative and defining than applying to the absolute all of them.
she's spouting off academic observations, and what's been widely researched by them. what something says and what it means are not the same thing.
Nta but lol
ugh
what I am saying is not that fucking complicated
yes, indirect communication is a common thing
that is a different statement from "people never ever mean what they say 100 percent of all sentences spoken have hidden meanings and one's true intent almost never ever has anything in common with what they say" which is what the retard anonette is claiming
what I am saying is not that fucking complicated
what you're saying isn't complex (which is part of the problem). you're just wrong.
which is what the retard anonette is claiming
point to where she said
in its exact contents
what the fuck are you even talking about
summarize my stance for me, you retarded shit-eating fucker, your retarded fucking ass probably doesn't even comprehend what's being said anyway
It's the virtual entirety of human communication. Direct communication tends to lead to more conflicts and miscommunications, and people with any social skills quickly learn to avoid it.
you literally did that yourself in >>73089574, and you're still wrong
I think this sort of thinking is made to filter out weak and fragile men. It's actually giving up after one try which is what a lot of men and boys are doing. Women find it more romantic if you do something you shouldn't have for them. That's why they love to spew this kind of things so in their perfect world a guy asking second time would mean he is risking alot for the girl and that would mean she is special in some way. You'll see this kind of patterns all over feminist curriculums. This kind of mental illness men are allowing to exist. Best relationships I've seen are the ones where the guy was trying very hard to get a girl and gave her pleanty of focus in pursuing.
hey
anon
did you realize
that there's a thing known as
casual conversation
where people just have relaxed conversations
yes, indirect communication is more likely to play a role when potential conflict is brewing 
that doesn't mean every casual conversation is some game of 4D chess where every sentence is hidden under 47 layers of obfuscation or whatever you shit-eating niggers are saying
no you retarded motherfucking sack of shit, I didn't summarize a single god damn thing there, fuck off and die
I am not wrong here and I'm fucking baffled by you retarded worthless fucking god damn sacks of motherfucking shit
casual conversation
most of which is indirect and conveyed through impressions.
no one said anything like this.
you literally did, as you're doing the same in this post, and as every post you've made so far is a summary of your axioms. how bad are you at communicating when you don't even understand your own god damn points?
I have no idea what you two said. I'm hiding the thread. Stupid thread with stupid fucking people. You're wrong, I'm not, end of story, you all should fuck off and die. The world would be a better place if all of you were dead, worthless motherfuckers.
I have no idea what you two said.
it's been obvious that basic english isn't one of your strong suits
prove it
Men need to start taking no for an answer, and I'm not talking the light stuff, honestly women have learned to ignore most of that, it's the relentless and brutal pursuit we have a problem with. If you do this fucking stop right now.
that fat mentally ill blob will procreate. that IS the incel problem.
not just hollywood. ask geezers how they got together and its usually something along the lines of the guy hassling the girl until she caved.
Yeah nah. You get what you fucking deserve.
Explain
Are you actually retarded? How are you not able to convey what you actually mean through words? Or do you mean you intentionally conceal your actual intent, in which case explain why being deceptive and dishonest is good
This advice is cancer.
FIXED
If a man has to pursue, it indicates the woman is not interested. If she is attracted to you, she will do all of the pursuit.
If there isn't at least a progression in the right physical direction by the end of date 2 then stop. She's not into you.
My chad co-worker told me that every woman he's ever dated fucked him on the first date. Where are the women "waiting a month" when they are dating someone that they are attracted to? 
If she's not attracted to you she will eventually cheat on you with someone she is attracted to.
My father had to move to the other side of the country for a job and lived on his sister's couch for years. All this just so he could afford to pay for his house. My mother worked full time too so I spent most of my childhood alone with very little interaction with my parents 
Rich first world country lmao very healthy environment to grow up in
Then men will be told ,quite on quote, lower your standards, when they show no interest and or be called a virgin for not being interested.
Men should stop doing it, in that I agree with you. Not for the same reasons. 
I just want women to be honest about their feelings and stop playing games
Why do I believe this is a ploy by femcels and used up roasties to sweep on men?
Women do not tell Chad anything. He has all the leverage. If they dont like it he has a hundred equally hot women on standby.
You already made the same "shit that never happened" thread at /pol/, r*dditor. Go kill yourself.
Another proof that 4chan has been hijacked by normies and r*dditors
Nice meme retard.
Fun fact: That other anon is a faggot bottom that gets fucked by hundreds of HIV positive fags every day.
I am enjoying all the people pretending that playing hard to get isn't a thing. I've been looking at dating in Japan. It's literally normal for a girl to say no at least twice. To the point that foreigners are struggling to date because they don't have the knowledge and cultural background to pick up the subtleties of an entirely different culture, and therefore they are completely unable to tell if they really mean "no", or if they just don't want to look like they're easy.
I am also enjoying the people pretending that there aren't western women who are retarded enough to play hard to get in the modern day.
Unironically good advice, that girl will wonder why he ignores her now and he will be on her mind more.
The kid probably meant keep trying as in try with another girl and his fat feminazi mother instantly sperged out and missed the point
"Teach your boys" weve literally been brainwashed since birth to lick girls assed. Meanwhile chad can do exactly as he pleases and the girls fuck him. Thats where the disconnect is. Women only see chad and base everything around chad and their bitterness to not get chad. Their disgust of men who are not chad
This is true. My younger brother used to stay up all night on the phone with multiple girls. Once the call was done he'd switch to the next girl.
This
Muh hard to get sounds like absolute cope. Every time I thought a girl was playing hard to get she just was not interested.
What if the nephew simply meant to keep trying as in with other girls? To not get discouraged by the rejection?
And his crazy aunt just misconstrued his sentence and made him out to be some creep?
Yeah, the thing is that the same women who say this kind of stuff are also the ones who shlick themselves to rape so I'm not gonna take you seriously
It has been hammered into our heads for years to never keep pursuing
This would be the kind of conversation theyd go and get cigarettes for first lmao
The incel problem exists not because of women's liberation as many poeple think, but because of men's enchainment. This isn't an equal playing field. Laws are being passed every day where if you speak to a girl longer then she wants, stare at her longer then she wants, hurt her feelings when she says you did you could end up arrested and on the list. You're risking being ostracized if you fail at one step and she deems you a creep. This has nothing to do with women's liberation when men are the ones dancing around knives where there should be no knives. This is not an equal battlefield and men are allowing it.
That doesn't happen retard most women do not do that and not to mention there are men who do the same thing but at much higher rates
This is outdated. Now the correct answer is:
must be a female. Women have no idea what they want. Some women will unironically get mad if you just give up after the first attempt.
Lots of boomer first meeting stories came from the man who kept trying and the woman being fond of it and then getting to know each other more... Oh how times have changes with the up of women being terrified of every man that isn't attractive enough for them and then pushing it on the younger generation...
Common cope. You can use this excuse ad nauseum but it wont get you a gf.
Men never once showed women that it's not just about sex. Mothers are right and if you were a father you'd protect your daughter from men as well.
Women don't know what they want, you can't take No for an answer IF she has already showed interest by dating you or w/e. GF tried to tell me she needed time alone because of her long term relationship before she met me, bullshit. Now she wants marriage and kids, and can't get enough of me.
Lmao right women think they're entitled to the friendship of the guy that they rejected, and then act like he's and ungrateful in dl because he doesn't want to spend time with the girl that turned him down and listen to her talk about how much she enjoys Chad's thick cock being shoved down her throat
