I don't know if this is the case with everyone, but I read that once you are in your 30s you stop dreaming about your potential life as much. You become more resigned to the status quo. I'm experiencing that right now. I no longer care about meeting someone. I've accepted my failures in life.
I know that won't be the case for everyone. There are plenty of people here over 30 who are still bemoaning not having found someone, but I think there are a lot of them who are like me too. I'm not sure which is worse
Slice of life anime and self inserting has been a disaster for incels everywhere. Especially that dress up darling bullshit. Ironic how the most unbelievable plot is one set in regular Japan.
Never watched the series but seeing that BS being posted everywhere I cant help but to feel like shit over stuff that never happened nor would have happened.
Its over.
i know its super autistic and inappropriate for me to say, but i really think its always relevant
the singularity will solve everything
it will either be utopia or a distopia. if it will be a utopia, you will get a perfect robot gf, complete with human level ai, who is designed to perfectly fall in love with you, and who looks perfect
if it will be a distopia, atleast you will have the pleasure of watching the entire world burn, and also being killed. thats where i currently sit. i dont buy for a minute any of this utopia shit, but it could happen. the way i look at it, its either 100% the world will end, or we will have post-scarsity utopia, both of which are wonderful
also maybe a religious ending to the world could happen, that should be noted
all of this in the next 10 to 15 years. and ai will surpass human level intelligence in 5.5 years, in 2029
There was one scene where gojo and Marin fall asleep together on the phone and it reminded me of when I did that with a girl I met online. She was 18 and I was around 25. It was the most whimsical and loved I felt in my life ever and have not felt that since.
lmao
@73083447
this is some kike shit and you should be ashamed for being a satanist
Gohan got cucked out of being the main guy so makes sense why he is here
