Moids and femoids of /r9k/, what's preventing you from making a career on porn industry? There are enough niches and categories that you can capitalize on any of them
99.9% of men don't pass
R-really? You think I can make it in the industry with my SBC? 
Oh my. There's so much to think about!
Who would I fuck? Petite asian girls with tight pussies? Slim black girls that like anal? 
You've really opened up my eyes OP!
Because I don't want my asshole torn apart and my pussy spit on by a black guy.
you'd get used to it and love it, just try it
I want to be in it to fuck other girls and shemales.
But even though I am black, I am lacking a BBC. I'm only average. I'll never make it unless I go the thug shaker route. And I'm not doing that.
I can assure you I would not. Eventually id probably get roped into doing bdsm porn where a dildo machine is pulverizing my pussy at 20 MPH and someone is fucking my face. It always goes deeper than just one man and one woman having sex.
god i wish i were that girl in that situation
because we are not natural whores like foids, only gay men / trannies are natural whores because they have the same brains as foids...........
That's a man, anon. A tranny to be exact. Pretty sure they regret their porn career too and stepped back from thinking they're a woman.
Because I am not fatherless and I want a husband and the porn industry is predatory
You are a virgin right? Right? You wouldn't happen to just be a discreet whore that looks down on open whores right?
he actually stopped being a tranny but he's still a gooner who dresses like a girl and posts himself on twitter
Yeah, not too surprising. I also don't believe him when he says he's not gay/into men.
This. 
Look at where we are. Maybe stop talking to whores all the time and youll find theres normal women
I am khhv indeed. I don't look down on most women who go into porn because I think most of them have bad circumstances, I only look down on the privileged girls who clearly had any other choice but choose to do OF still.
Ella is so hot it's unreal. I wish she had more interracial scenes desu because she has literally only one
If true it makes me happy there are women like this out there, maybe finding a virgin wife is not an impossible undertaking.
Lol
the fact that you imagined it is a clear sign that you want it
Or maybe it's just the predictable degeneracy of porn itself. Coomers all like the same shit.
I did say if true
kys retard lmfao
tfw no same height handsome stem robot bf
