I plan on moving to Minnesota, whats it like ?
Going to a university there
Since ur posting on 4chan I'm gonna assume ur the typical vulnerable narcissist. You will fit right in
Whats dating scene like , jobs , niggers and weather
It's nice
Hopefully you are not going to the University of Minnesota as it sucks. 
Mfw I find another uofm student lol. 
Im going to CSE btw and why does it suck
When do u graduate
Wow a Minnesota thread on r9k. Should I move there anons? I made a Tinder when I was there, I didn't get a date, but the girls were super hot. Not sure if that's worth the freezing cold weather though.
Shut the fuck up you dumb cunt
Whats dating scene like
Given you're on /r9k/, shit for you. You'd have better chances in fucking LA or New York where there's at least nerdy hangouts full of spergs like you.
jobs , 
shit
niggers 
It's the Midwest, so expect to see lots of them. The closer you are to Wisconsin, the more there will be. Any state within two states of Illinois or Michigan is flooded with them.
You like heavy snow? Yes? Great. No? You're shit out of luck.
2026 hbu and can I get ur discord
I'm not the first anon you replied to
R u a fellow umn student If so let me get ur discord. I wanna have r9k frens
Tree nigger here. Minnesota is basically Canada, but guns. Stay away from the city. Bunch of dumb niggers and wiggers. It's cold as shit. Snows 9 months a year. Summer is nice tho. Women are attractive, but they're also massive cunts. Not trad material. Pretty shit place imo.
This is the only good thing about Minnesota. I'm a massive coomer and even I hesitate to move there because everything else is so shit sans the women.
Lmao like I'd be caught acknowledging the fact that I browse this board to someone in my real life. You'd be better off making normalfag friends and leaving this shithole. Besides, I don't use discord
Ok retard. Are there no women where you live?
Believe it or not, the women aren't the same in every state. The women in Alabama, New York, Minnesota, and New Mexico are going to be dramatically different in general. Minnesota has the hottest girls though imo
whats it like ?
shit. most depressing state in the union. we have some of the highest depression rates and SSRI usage. 
Going to a university there
if you're going to the u, you'll hate it if you're not a liberal lgbtq+ nigger etc. I graduated in '20 and got to experience the height of trump era campus politics.
Whats dating scene like
horrible if you're short and non-white. girls here are taller than other states and robustly built. being a 5'7 scandi diaspora I have a tough time. 
jobs 
jobs are good. living expenses are generally good.
niggers 
won't deal with much out of the twin cities, unless you're in rochester, st. cloud, and mankato (somalis)
hahahahahaha you're in for a treat
I feel like half this shit could be answered by googling and you would have to deal with random anons calling you retarded.
I want genuine responses not npc Reddit tier ones 
Are the Somalis as much of a problem as American niggers ? 
And im Asian so are my chances abysmal? Is it like cali where you are surrounded by 6 foot blonde chads 
If you can get them 
Why though anon ? I have no frens and maybe you could introduce me to a social circle . Id keep your secret
They're completely average npcs but If that's what you incels want, go for it
Are the Somalis as much of a problem as American niggers ?
honestly, no. they're just annoying. their families are pretty intact so they have a certain degree of morals. I've had a few somali friends who were absolutely fine, but having worked in the hospitality industry, I've had my fair share of bad experiences with them as well. 
im Asian
lol. I'm sorry :/
more or less yeah, only if you're around locals though. many groups of people go to the u (if that's where you're going) since it's a very cosmopolitan university with people from all around the country with a fair share or internationals too. lots of chinese international students fo there so you might have luck with that.
If you can get them
True 
No one dates girls for their personality.
Im not those kind of Asians , im the 2nd tier ones like Vietnam , Cambodia and Thailand. 
And is the University gonna be depressing school or is there lots to do for an introverted robot like me . 
And i use drugs and is it easy to find plugs (New York ) . I want to get weed on occasion or some mdma . Is it desert there and do I have to resort to ordering on black market . Ill be living in dorms as well 
And r u white ? I cant really tell
Somalians are different. American Blacks have a stereotype of being loud and aggressive. The Somalians are quiet but antisocial/insular and some smell. 
They're probably less likely to steal your shit than the average Minnesotan Druggie. 
Whats dating scene like , jobs , niggers and weather
Hard. Chicks are hot so that's the trade off. 
dating
Hard. Chicks are hot so that's the trade off. 
Jobs
Depends on the industry. Honestly pretty good overall.
niggers
One of the whitest states, especially outside of the cities.
Somalians are everywhere, see above.
A classic joke: We have 2 seasons, winter and road construction.
I wouldn't be surprised if you moved away just because of the winters. They're especially brutal in the northwest. -40 degree temps aren't uncommon. It'll snow sometimes in May.
I from New York so our niggers are problematic 
From what you said Minnesota doesnt sound so bad and for dating I might just do escorting and pay .
Why though anon ? I have no frens and maybe you could introduce me to a social circle . Id keep your secret
I don't really have friends either, more like acquaintences. Idk, I don't trust anons on here. I want to give you some advice though, if you're anything like me:
I had a guy in one of my classes that was most likely an autist in a group with me and some fellow normals. He lacked social awareness and got mad once that the TA needed to talk to him and he apologized to us. I would've been like that guy two or three years prior. Work on your social skills, I cannot stress this enough. I'm still pretty bad but I don't get sweaty and nervous from social interactions anymore.
is the University gonna be depressing school or is there lots to do for an introverted robot like me
it'll be what you make of it. join clubs or get involved or something if you want to meet people. I never did that and always hung out in walter library with my head in books or school work.
i use drugs
lol. we're actually most likely going to be legalizing weed soon so you're in luck. plenty of druggies on campus to socialize with if you know where to find them. 
Ill be living in dorms as well 
where?
yeah. I mentioned earlier thant I was scandi diaspora. I'm native minnesotan,
I'm a Texan and am considering moving there in the future. They pay medical employees well and the COL is reasonable. Besides the weather, that state is consistently rated highly.
Nta, but how do I get hot, viking gf in Minnesota?
be tall, white, and have something going for yourself. people here really really really value education so being educated helps a lot too. I think we're one of the most educated states in the union too. though it's certainly not unheard for people not to go to college here, the norm is having a college education. you'll have a tough time dating if you're some tradesman or recovering NEET etc. just how it is. people here are very pompous, view themselves as higher than others, and are incredibly "status aware". if you don't have a college education, good luck is all I have to say.
You will still be you when you get there. Work on changing your interior thought processes because a location change will not magically unfuck your life.
Very interesting, I'm white and 5'11 so I don't think my height will help or hurt me there. I also graduated from college from a good school, not Ivy tier, but basically the step below that. Should I go to law school there then, or would a bachelor's from a good school be enough? I'm basically debating between law or tech rn, and if I cut the bullshit I just want a hot viking wife. I feel like law would be much easier to get a good gf there since it's higher status than tech and you need a JD instead of just a bachelors. I'm from the east coast so I definitely noticed things were a bit different culturally there, but I wouldn't know the intricacies of how Minnesotan women would see a tech vs law career. On the east coast law would be seen as much more attractive desu.
Comstock I think 
And I dont interact with druggies I just use it occasionally while playing vidya and make my short free time more enjoyable and I sometimes study while buzzed . And where do I find them 
What clubs would u recommend 
I suck at socializing but ill try anyways
I also graduated from college from a good school, not Ivy tier, but basically the step below that. Should I go to law school there then, or would a bachelor's from a good school be enough?
having a bachelor's from whatever university will be fine. you don't have to pursue a master's because you having a bachelor's is enough. if you really want to pursue a master's, go right ahead though. you'll definitely have a better time if you did that. 
how Minnesotan women would see a tech vs law career
both are fine as long as you have your shit together. typically people that work in education or the health industry are seen as "better" than others here. when it comes down to things though, as long as you have an education and a white collar job, you'll be fine. 
comstock
oh sorry, didn't click for me when you made your previous. I've only been in comstock once or twice so I can't really tell you much about it. I was in middlebrook on the west bank my freshman year.
where do I find them 
go hang out by the washington avenue bridge on nice days and on fridays
I didn't do any clubbing. be on the look out for dorm and frat parties though, usually before or after being sporting events
big*
I meant clubs as in social clubs not parties
Social skills are unironically more important than whatever skills you're learning. Please master them.
People do drugs there ?
Ive been here for 2 years and never noticed that
oh I'd recommend joining one that relates to your major or career goals. you could if you really wanted to join a frat but I don't recommend that unless it's one of the educational ones. you could also join a "cause oriented" club like multicultural bullshit or ethnic group club or whatever. I don't know specific names of clubs off hand. go to the fairs they have at the beginning of the year where people shill their clubs. otherwise clubs should be listed on the myu portal somewhere. I think you can sign up to them there too, not sure how they do that crap these days.
I had to walk the bridge 4 times a week for almost 2 years. there's always druggie low lifes hanging out down there on nice days or late on fridays.
If someone is doing drugs there and so out in the open thats crazy 
But ive seen couples have sex in library so I cant mark it of
walter? kek
Appreciate it, thanks for the info
lol what a shitty state. good luck OP
Wilson 
Walter is too busy and no hiding spots 
Have you?
It's just like any other state in the US. Obv cold(er) in the winter. All the stupid niggers such as >>73084591 are fucking retarded, don't listen to them.
I'm thinking of moving to Duluth due to my heat intolerance. I never wanna see Summer again.
Anon, our summers are like our winters: extreme.
I fucking hate it here. Way too many niggers and chinks.
t. hmong refuge
I'm the original guy, I also am in CSE. 
I can't explain it, it's just hard and often thankless. 
It is prestigious, but, often very bureacratic/cold to the wellbeing of the students. 
Minnesota is perhaps more insular than a lot of places, I've always felt like an odd man out.,
Do Asians not feel some solidarity with each other ?
You fags need to stop hanging out on the thin patch of grass between a busy road and a lake in the summer. Almost hit one of you driving two summers ago. Buy a boat like a normal person for christ's sake.
Absolutely not. Every asian I see is either some midget beta cuck gook who makes me ashamed to be part of the same race or some fag zoomer who speaks like a nigger with that stupid ass broccoli haircut they all have.
But I still wake up and thank god that I'm not white or black.
Stormy
why are Americans this antagonistic with one another? I would've have an easier time accepting this response if OP was form outside of US. What gives?
im from another midwestern state and visited minnesota recently. the whole minneapolis area felt soulless desu, no hate. this includes the towns and environment around it. im used to midwestern flat farmland but the lack of trees was depressing. downtown st paul was the epicenter of soulless. then i went up to the duluth area and i liked it a lot more. beautiful lakeshore, forests, towns with soul. downtown duluth and the surrounding neighborhoods were run down, but the way you can overlook the lake from many parts of the city is very charming. it's a shame all the jobs and growth is happening in menneapolis
lmao virtually every Asian ethnic group from Korean to Karen hates each other the lower the tier goes.
Where the fuck are you seeing broccoli headed zoomers? It's all dudebros, spics and crackhead niggers in my area of MN.
Far left liberals and nighters. Lots of them. Expect to have all of your stuff stolen and being blamed for it for simply being white.
Going there for university 
the girls in uni are hotter than the hottest girls in high school. I had an econ tutor with big tits and pasty white skin
It'll be easy if you're white or maybe korean and or black but you're fucked if you're anything else 
What's dating scene like
I've never been on a date in my life 
jobs
It's very easy to get a minimum wage job and even jobs that pay $12-$16 or more without a college degree 
niggers 
we somalis are probably more in number than American Blacks
It depends on the city but it's typically cold from September to March and warm from April to August
Sometimes it may be warm in March and sort of hot in September tho, like last year.
The coldest months are November to February. The hottest months are May to August typically
The only complaint I have about the city I live in, Rochester, is that it doesn't rain here like it did in St.Cloud
It barely ever rains that the rain we've been having for the past month is barely enough to cover a six month period of rain in St. Cloud
Yes, I moved from Duluth to Minneapolis because Wall Street stole my family's house.
There is a reason why people are moving to the Twin Cities, and it's not for a good one.
