your childhood stuffed animal edition
Previous: >>73058810 →
First for the fundamental theorem of algebra
Faggot please kys NOW!!!
you will go to the camps and be slaughtered
Lol, lmao even 
You have the entire rest of the board, whine harder.
blankie > stuffie
oh what's that? need some frens to talk to? the doors wide open pal... might as well call it the tree house the way there's no girls or trannies allowed
fYswBnrgVJ
Not the Anon but what's the copium fueling the idea that in a world where trannies are killed that gays wouldn't be?
pork buns
hot pork bao here
Back from mowing the grass, did a little better this time. Now to wants to smell my sweaty fat neet body?
I love you gays, have a good one
fujo detected
Thank you for the well wishes anyhow.
honestly i'd love to have a fujo friend, most women are either not interested in talking or want to date me.
I'd be fine with that, as long as she treated me like a human and not fashion accessory or just was my friend for woke points.
Women ain't interested in talking to me either, never had any want to date me though. Too much of a sperg, I suppose.
guts
SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEX
SEEEEEEXO!!!!!
SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX
SEXO LE SEX HOT SEXO SEXO NOW SEXO SEXY SEX!!!!! 
SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEX
https://youtu.be/ViXSzU8UjbI [Embed]
I'm not a woman
real
you can be my ftm little bro then
The Japs knew what they were doing when they made guts and griffth. They wanted to turn western youth into faggots and they knew it. There is no reason to make such a sexo male characters unless you were trying to make someone into a fag.
I just think that they just aren't opposed to making attractive male characters.
Western cartoons are just ugly in general.
you say you love guts but are you disability advocate HUH faggot? do you ever stop and think about how to improve accessibility for people who may have impaired vision or a missing limb?? you will never heal him and make him whole like that NERD
This thred sucks, do better >:(
that is not possible
how can one transition to their birth gender ?
they should've ended up together
You've got to do better senator
whoa, you're a genuine maleboy? um, check please! hubba hubba!
In the year 21XX trannies will be so common that the only way to attention whore by being trans will be to become a double tranny. FTMTF or MTFTM.
i love u venti hope ur day is swell
your secret admirer
Remember to attach cute anime boyos to your posts
i love you too admirer
whats on his ear?
White death
But I'm ugly and cynical and so to attach anything cute to my posts is dishonest.
thanks for the clarification! orifginal
You are cute and cynical! Your post was dishonest :3
See what I mean, anon? I post the anime boys, you think that I'm cute, but it's all fake.
Stop being fake! You are cute and you will learn to accept that
You know no truth, and can speak no truth. But I will still enjoy your empty words.
i am not only ugly and cynical, i am just damn unpleasant to be around because i'm such a downer.
actually laughed good one anon : )
a mask so he doesnt catch covid
Sorry anon :/
You posting some hella cute bois. Is that banananana fishe?
here, have a higher res of that pic
i would do anything to have this
too bad i don't know what to do
Yeah, ain't that how it is. I hope you're doing alright, anon.
I think so. In truth I'm just pulling these off /cm/ in real time, though.
Is banana fish worth watching? All I know is it gets a lot of gay art.
Ah, excellent, thank you anon.
It is worth watching for sure. Very good story
pussy had me dead
might call tupac over
well, time to try and cook this steak. Hopefully I watched mom enough times.
Vote blue no matter who
any of you got piercings ?
fuck no
fuck dianne feinstein
I might get my ears done someday
I got ear and nip piercings
All holes closed like 2 days after i wanted a rest for shower and got lazy about putting them back
guts with cat ears
I will become sex I wont have sex my literal body and soul will become sex
I am become sex, destroyer of bedrooms
Oi oi
Why's nobody posted their stuffed aminimal?
This here is Tommy
My life is so shit. I should really just give up desu.
I mean
Jokes aside, Griffiths downfall arc is literally my bf left me so i screw up my life
Oh cool : )
You're not supposed to remove them, you keep them on for like 3-4 months, and you rotate them now and then so that the skin doesn't get stuck and clean with a swab with saline solution. 
lol
rip
This looked nsfw
gotta be honest dude
I'd do the same 
if griffth and guts just talked to eachother like normal people then the whole story wouldnt of happened really.
Hey i got 3 (you) s!!
Well damn, i gotta get New holes, didn't knew i had to rotate them, but im getting bigger ones anyway
Why nsfw?
It's just Tommy!!
Maybe so, Guts wasn't gay anyway so maybe not
i self imprint and see double d as asian so he is cute to me
bro look at my plushie dude im such an uwu cute boy
nigga stop acting like a CHILD for internetpoints
you are 30!!!!! GET YO SELF A MOTHERFUCKIN JOB
Didn't they tell you that when you got them pierced ? I see good luck
I know but on phone the images only load when I click on them, looking fast at it, it looked like a severed deformed penis or something
First of all!!
I don't sleep with them anymore, i just show them to my friends
Second of all
You get a job fatslob
Im 20 and a cum demon
At this point the only thing that I'm good at is being anon's punching bag.
Yeaaaah
He does have a dick head
Like an oddly bent one
you get a job nigga
you are DISGUSTING
you are not a "semen demon" 
you are the reason niggas stop jacking off because you are so ugly you make their dicks stop working
shoes on bed
guess cute boys can really get away with anything
Based Argentinosaurus
Stop being an asshole, why are you so pressed about one plushie. Let them enjoy what they want, doesn't hurt anyone.
Why are you so pressed about a plushie 
because A I like being a dickhead B for a more reasonable reason. I'm tired of this tranny plushie shit. 
bro my bro im such a cutie owo femboy tranny owo
it isn't cute. Its infantizing. 
What's next? wearing diapers is cute? You are a FULL GROWN MAN!!!!
Eh
Could be
Why u so mad tho?
Can't get a job?
Can't get seggs?
Have to live in a closet?
Mommy locked your plushies away?
(now if this i am really sorry, that would suck)
well decided to cook the steak in the skillet. Bad idea, outside is burned but inside isn't cooked enough for my liking. Eating it anyway, but it's really tough and fatty. 
using this as a test run for my birthday dinner, but if this is what happens then I think I'll just do pizza.
Well
I wash my bed stuff since forever so not really a big deal
Thank you anon!!
Yes, it's been around long, saddly lost his eyes
like 
googoogaagaa nigga what do you want me to put a bip on you? do you need your naptime nigga? do I need to burp you googoogagaa ass nigga?!?!?!
That's nice!
You could watch a few cooking vids for next time
When is your birthday?
Storynony?
Hahahhha
Unironically there's so much people into this shit
Check /b/
Plenty of them
furry
south american (peru)
whore
please kill yourself
My point still stands, you're losing your mind over a random person's plushie mate, think about it
Yeah I can see that, very unfortunate
Just watch YouTube videos on how to do it if you're unsure
I did that, along with reading a couple recipes. Could it be because I don't have a cast iron skillet and was just using a regular one?
can't get sexs
Nah nigga ion even want that 
shieet back in my hood you know what they call me? They call me Stone cold nigga!!!!! You wanna know why? Because I am the stone coldest incel on the block shieet! Bettercheck yo self befo you rekt yoself nigga
https://youtu.be/HJP1RzqxkHw [Embed]
hes fucking marvelous i hope he is well loved
Yeah, doing high temperature on nonstick ware will gas yourself.
In the end more than half of it is uneatable. The fat won't cut and what I do get I have to chew for five minutes to be able to swallow. A complete and utter failure, just like myself. 
I'm still hungry as fuck and now need to decide if I want to cook some frozen stuff or just order a pizza.
Wha
Venti non knows meee!!
Dude
why so much hate
Show your plushie instead
If you're having difficulties just cut it horizontally so that it's thinner and cook it for a bit medium temperature
He is!
As much as i can give at least, have to keep them away from doggos
Not how he lost his eyers
Hmmm
You could try making it a stirfry, id say get a pizza if you're not feeling well
*hugshugs*
You're not a failure storynony
I've actually thrown the rest away. It had almost no flavor either. I'm going to order a pizza now.
If I see these on sale again I might again another one and try it in the oven like mom used to. But that takes 2 hours and I was really hungry after mowing the grass.
Damn unlucky but do try learning how to cook. Don't wanna be eating shit all the time
Anyway gn everyone
smoking my dead opps
If Ventifag has 1 million haters Im one of them If Ventifag has 10,000 haters Im one of them If Ventifag has 1 haters its me If Ventifag has zero haters then I am dead. Do you understand ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NoXcbXCNKM [Embed]
Real chud hours
Alright /r9gay/ what's your type? I love blondes and I won't apologize for it.
YOO HOLY SHIT HES ME
THATS ME
HOLY SHIT
LITTERALLY ME!!!
well not really though I don't like /pol/. Last time I posted there was in the sticky for when Russia had first invaded Ukraine.
Stop being a hater nony post your plushies!
Let ventinony hate you too~
Anyone ever been arrested? Is it as hot as I think it is? I got caught once for underage drinking and tried to run but the cops caught me and pulled me down off a fence and questioned me about drugs. I didn't have any and wasn't high, eventually they let me and my friends go with a warning. 
Hmmm
I dunno, Hispanics, italians and greeks
Blacks maybe but like Black Black, like the night sky
Altho i mostly just want super open guys who have hobbies, and like having adventures and taking me to New things/places
I think the guy I like has already grown tired of me and responds late to my messages and rejects my flirting attempts and secretly hates me already
i got taken by the cops like 3 times because of domestic disputes 
blondes gingers and brown haired white boys with long hair
Yes arrested, no it wasn't hot. The reality of being chained up against your will is dehumanizing and physically uncomfortable and it's made that way intentionally. Backseat of the cop car is too small for your legs to fit and they leave you baking in the summer heat for hours. There's a lot of time spent digesting in the bowels of bureaucratic machinery like that. Chained to a bench all day hungry and holding your bee to see a judge for five minutes and be told to come back in three months.
No. I am not a criminal and I was never cool enough to commit criminal acts in highschool. The most criminal thing I've ever done is pirate media.
what would your parents say if they saw you on r9gay. my dad would probably be confused since he doesn't understand english well.
How long do they take you?
How come this happened several times?
Nobody pressed charges ?
No one will ever hurt me again
I will be playing csgo for the next two hours while my sheets are in the dryer, if anyone wants to join me for a game. :)
if they saw you on r9gay
Both would be shocked because Le evil 4channers, Angered that I'm constantly racist here and Confused why I would be browsing the fag thread.
like 24 hours for each
my bpd and my family being insane
no 
I will. 
I don't have csgo installed sadly but can we be friends?
Uhh I don't know actually 
I like edgy boys I guess but that can range from edgy shut in neet to skinheads to big strong edgy dudes kind of like guts from Berserk.
same, they wouldn't understand 4chan
I would say I'm a normal straight boy posting ironically :^)
I dunno, if your family is crazy already bpd os not the reason, just them i think
He's
Not edgy?
How is Guts edgy?
Sorry
Sorry 
Looks edgy
if that's better
Both L and Guts look very edgy,
Id say L is edgy
Always in the dark, not eating
Cynycally judging people a lot
I'm drinking on a weekday when I have to work tomorrow. 
Is this the first step to being an alchly?
No
Why are you drinking tho ?
not eating
He eats sweets all the time In the show. I don't think they actually show him eating normal food. Though I haven't seen the show in half a decade. To be honest I don't remember anything after L dies. My memory completely drops off from that point besides the ending where Light gets shot in the warehouse.
If you're a professional this is just Happy Hour.
because I feel like it. I promise I'll stop after my second beer.
Ofc, all the r9gays are my friends.
Never watched anything after he dies, and yes
He is show eating sweets but
That's likely when he's about to pass out
That's why he eats bland super sweet diet
Would anyone date Elliot Rodger of he was a fag
Just a beer?
That's ok nony, you won't go alcoholic
my thigh highs just came in the mail yay
Show !!
Show us aaaall
kill yourself tranny 
https://youtu.be/yyeLROhqarU [Embed]
He looks cute but he is insane so no
cute and insane
Thx for calling me cute
Would not...
He's hot but dunno, small eyes
i am entitled to bussy from a twink who is evil
I am very lonely. I can't take it anymore
KYS and take half the board to nirvana
what would you do for a bf?
No I wont go out in public nor talk to people. That sounds awful. I will just sit in my room and expect my crusader(cute boy) to come save me from my castle(basement).
wont go out in public nor talk to people
Help yourself
Where do you live ill rescue you
i haven't had a drink in a very long time, but i do think i ought to kill myself
big fan of this picture thank you for posting
Why don't you respond you bastard I polished my cervelliere and armor for nothing
no come and save me instead. I want my white knight bf to carry me away.
knight
Forget it then. I will only rescue someone who can appreciate a good infanteer
Hey wait I've talked to you before. You responded to my fancy Englishmen larp like 2 weeks ago or something. Does that piece go on your shoulder??? Looks too small to go on someones head.
yeah it's all sunshine and rainbows until the endoparasitic nematode worm hiding inside your alleged "boyfriend" bursts from his hollowed out husk and starts squirming like an eldritch horror.
Oh hello musketeer chap. No it's actually really large the camera angle makes it wonky.
boys can't get pregnant retard
Are you like one those poeple which goes to those medieval knight events where they fight or something? Your chest piece(I'm not sure what to call it) looks scuffed up to hell and back.
i feel like jack marston from the hit video game red dead redemption for the xbox 360 and ps3
help yourself
Good advice however I do not like being around other people irl. I hate being in the public eye. I just want one person to be close to. Us vs the World. Of course this is a complete fantasy scenario crafted by some shut in. The Robots dilemma. Hates others but also wants a partner.
Try dating Apps and be just like here
Nah its because I cut and hammered all the pieces into shape from a large sheet of steel. It's not finished yet but I'll probably have to relace it with leather and paint it again for good measure.
It's lamellar armor and it's supposed to look that way it-it's not ugly shut up
Is it a Roman amour ?
:-( its the best I can afford for a conscript levy like me
That's actually pretty cool anon
Ok so anon if someone tried to stab you would the armor stop that or is the armor just for show?
also do you wear it out in public?
You are actually talking to two posters. But yea i made it theoretically thick enough to stop a wheelock pistol according to the papers. And no but I'm considering making a medieval camping video wearing the armor.
two posters
Yeah I realized that when I updated the page and saw you replied. I'm a bit tarded mang. 
but yeah i theoretically thick enough to stop a wheellock pistol 
well you gotta buy one to see. If a wheellock brandishing bandit breaks into your home. That armor could mean life and death. Also what's the diffrence between a wheellock and a flintlock pistol?
It makes me sad that i see he is also awake when it's almost dawn. Just go to sleep already, baka ;-;
Wheelocks are really complicated and fragile. They use a spring loaded friction wheel for the spark. They also use weaker charges depending on the era. There's a slight chance you might me able to kill me anon.
Just talk to him baka!?
Or sleep yourself
Wish i could but we don't talk anymore. I will cry myself to sleep now
i want to end my life
everything is so painful
wouldn't it be funny if whatever awaits us is mire painful than this plane of existence ha ha
fuck fuck i fucked it up
The most painful thing I can imagine is another life. I for one hope for blissful non-existence. Just like how you were completely unaware of the universe before you were born, so do I wish to be after death.
How do I stop being depressed
You mean more
tfw no gaymer bf to hold as he's being a full sweat
i get top score on tf2 every game and feel empty every time
i will take my revenge on those who hurt me >:3
I don't know if It was the same when I was younger or I was just blissfully unaware but it seems that every tf2 match is a stomp. I don't remember it ever being this bad. Its all just so tiresome. Sometimes I just want a fair match.
There's no sovl anymore. It's just endlessly killing troons. Sometimes I try shit talking in chat but they rarely entertain.
based as fuck
There's no sovl anymore.
games are shit in general because normands love them now. worthless to play games in 2023 when they cater to casual retards who want to be perfect at the game in 10 hours.
tfw just realized it'll get below freezing tonight and I have soda in the car I need to go get but I'm scared to go out this time of night.
There's no sovl anymore
True I guess. I don't like how usernames have changed over time. I've started seeing usernames with pronouns in them. Its strange. People continue to shove their weird sexuality stuff into their usernames . I miss usernames where its something like "Redbarron18". I also have started hating people with unusuals. How much of a lap dog do you have to be for valve a company which hates your guts to open crates or trade in the year of our lord 2011 plus 12?
i've literally been compared to your picture, but i'm in a relationship already : P
this place will be the end of me
take me out of LA...
The reality of being chained up against your will is dehumanizing and physically uncomfortable and it's made that way intentionally.
Oh wow, that sounds awful, hopefully the local copchads never get hold of me and put me through something like that.
never need a bitch i'm what a bitch needddddd
tryna find the one that can fix meeeeee
LA
unironically you have to hate yourself to live in a major American city. Places like Paris may be huge shitholes but they European charm due to the architecture and historical value. Yet people are very prideful of their cities here. They will defend their shithole like its the greatest city to ever grace our earth. Especially New Yorkers and Philadelphians. I may be some rural bumpkin but at least I don't have to deal with going on a New York city subway everyday,
I live in suburbia, usa. Nothing is more souless than that.
it's a song
thank God I don't live there LOL
i lost my heart and my minddddd
i tried to always do rightttttt
i don't do well when aloneeeeeee
i lost my faith
i'm losing my religion everyday
time hasn't been kind to me i pray
A it depends. If you're in like a suburb built in the 70s in a more rural area it can be nice but Mc Mansion suburbs are completely soulless but at least there you don't need to deal with all the undesirables of the city.
it's a fairly new subdivision built in the mid 2000s. Cheaply built, ugly mcmansions full of boomers as far as the idea can see.
i wanna cut you outta my dreamssssssssssssss
till i bleed out
till i'm bleeding
i wanna cut you outta my mind
till i bleed out
till i'm bleeding
I KEEP TELLING MYSELF I DON'T NEED IT ANYMOREEEEEEE
need it anymore.
Accept your fate with open arms :)
full of boomers
better than being full of young people desu. People my age and younger just make me worry about social crap. 
ooooh what do they think of me oooo they probably think im some loser!!!
Being around old people just feels more comfortable because they aren't thinking about you. They're too busy thinking about how they're gonna go fishing with Joe on sunday after church. They also aren't as loud as young people. I enjoy living in my boomer hamlet because of this.
fucking lonely as sin tonight innit lads
tfw no Welsh bf to show me the castle in his hometown
tfw no Japanese bf to invite me to his dojo
tfw no Polish bf to invite me into his commie block apartment which is depressing on the outside but on the inside is comfy
im tired of suffering
Its morning mate what you're on about
he is actually kill
i wanna give every suicidal boy here a big hug, i love you a lot anon! comecome, tell me what's wrong
i was born is the long and short of it
well i'm glad you're here anon
Could I give you a hug back?
If you are fat i don't want a hug desu
yes of course! always anon ^^
im quite skinny so no worries !
Ok 
plays xylophone on your ribcage
Woke up feeling good, yeah, feeling alright
wait a minute... You are australian aren't you
It's gonna be a good day
Okay thank you... *hugs*
Nevermind, it's a storm outside :(
I have no food i want to eat at home. I don't want to leave my bed now. Day doesn't look promising
i love you a lot anon! 
y-you too
tell me what's wrong
I'm just lonely and stressed and anxious all the time tvh
Nooooooo i hear lightning and the thunder outside. Sadly not the awesome song T_T
New pc parts arrived, it's upgradin' tiem.
Remember to brush your teeth anony...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jrg9KxGNeJY&amp;ab_channel=shadowhunter [Embed]
I refuse unless someone wants to kiss me first
Made eggs for breakfast, storm stopped for few minutes and i used that to buy some groceries (didn't have any bread or drinks). It was a good breakfast. Feeling good again
Good song. How did you know i like virgil?
Because i've been stalking you. I love you anon https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iz2sfBKVwI&amp;t=16s&amp;ab_channel=Arseneyo [Embed]
Lol. Love you too buddy
kek, well not *that* skinny anon
im not aussie, sorry !
*hugs back* nevah let you go anon
heyy non, is there a cause for this? your job, or maybe your studies? i'd love to listen! hope things will be better for you soon !
I go from it's so over to we are so back very quickly over relatively minor events lol
kek this i hate it
Every day I wake up again and am forced to exist
I seriously just need a break, a day off from existing
The job doesn't help because my co-workers are kind of incompetent and annoying but I think I'm just naturally a very nervous person
It doesn't help that I have pretty bad insomnia and I live alone too so most of my energy has to go to just keeping my head above water
Life is just difficult, I don't know
tfw he uses rpgs on shipment
ngmi
tfw no bf who is available for you 24/7 and isn't needy himself
Unironically me irl
I don't believe you, most faggot incels I know are really skinny and awkward, basically the opposite of Toji
I can bench press more than my bodyweight u_u
Even a gay chad can't get a bf
It's super over
but you're also borderline obese, soo
:(
I'm under 180lbs and a whole foot taller than you
SWAG stands for Shadow Wizard Anal Gang
i think maybe the closest thing to doing that is just sleeping for a day. is there a way you can maybe take a day off and be in bed all day? i have no idea if that would help though...
that all sounds tough to deal with... have you looked into medication for axienty? life is hard for sure, i wish there was a way to make it go smooth, :(
Can you be my giganigga bf
Ummm based?
I'm emotionally unstable and demanding. No one wants to deal with that :(
we're all emotionally unstable here
If only you weren't such a prude
Im not unstable. Rather quite stable but i do get obsessive over passions. You are just making excuses not to date my dummy ass
He still hasn't finished building the last wall on the library and he's already starting an entirely different enchanting setup.
everything is falling apart and we are all screaming
i'm not screaming, i'm singing
can you please be quiet? this is a library
Let me tug you back into bed
Wrap yourself around me
Calm and warm and soft
Hold me as I finally relax
And let go of the tension I hold for weeks at a time
Melt back into sleep with me, for just another hour or two
Where the world and everything else stops existing 
And for a while its just us
everyone's asleep
now the treasure of /r9gay/ will be mine
Sometimes i wish i could read his posts. Then i remember it would only make me cry and replying to them would be creepy if he could tell it's me :(
Totally forgot it's my dad's birthday today. I felt bad for not rember. We went to eat pizza and cake
What should i post while shiting?
GOOOOOOOOD MORNIGN R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND!
I didn't sleep until 8am so thats why i woke up so late 
https://youtu.be/WdoXZf-FZyA [Embed]
Mario .gifs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN5ETQhXkCI [Embed]
stinky boyfeeeeeet
What's yours? Mine is either freeze or fawn
70/30 split flight and freeze
Flight and Freeze 50/50
its not morning but i just ate breakfast so good morning
flip the f out
it was freeze but then something happened( c JH) and now i behave erratically and usually inappropriately
Call me top G cause i can't stop self incriminating fr fr
call me the top G cuz I can't stop shitting on women
call me top G because my entire life and self worth is dictated by access to females and their smelly slimy holes.
call me top -g because
top: unknown argument 'g'
all but fight
first verse coming through with the thickness
fuck females, i'm all about the dickness
I screwed up again, lads. 
Why am I such a fuck up?
BASED
Finish the song.
My professional diagnosis? Brown. I'm sorry son but there is no cure.
In honor of 2008 i played left 4 dead for the first time today. It was fun ^_^
Oh are you working through your backlog? Month of may and last week of april? I don't know if the zombies mode is still in the halo games but that was inspired by the same source mods as l4d. "Inspired" by the community.
Brown what? I'm not brown. 
I'm dark, but still white.
I'm dark but still white
Come on now
I'm Greek-American.
Hi, yeah. I made some changes since i deleted my wii emulator by mistake and forgot about it so no wii games. 
Rage would be playable if i didn't hate open world so much. Removed from the list. 
Halo zombies sound fun. Bet cod zombies was best that game had to offer too. Zombies are just fun
You playing anything?
why op image is kill? don't tell me they banned that dumb avatarfag
SMOKING THAT VENTIFAG PACK
CHUDS KEEP WINNIN
they didnt delete his posts so it would be funny if he just got banned from posting images
Many men wish death upon me
Blood in my eye, dawg, and I can't see
I'm tryin' to be what I'm destined to be
And niggas tryin' to take my life away
I put a hole in nigga for fuckin' with me
My back on the wall, now you gon' see
Better watch how you talk when you talk about me
'Cause I'll come and take your life away
You guys are snakes. God will punish you
F ventiposter
L these clowns
You guys are snakes
It does not make you a snake to feel gratitude at the downfall of someone who is immoral and who infects the thread. Yes i do not like transsexuals normalfags attention whores. They had bfs in past. They felt the need to get a recognizable image on a anonymous imageboard and even then their image is of a transexual from a shitty gacha game. 
God will not punish me for my words nor my actions because i am righteous in them.
I can't stand how annoying and unlikeable I am
also a discordfag anon 862 probably tabbed out of discord to post that for him
I'm literally the drippiest person at the gym
do you ever jerk off 7+ times in one day then just take the month off
No, never did i do either of those things. Even if i fapped 7 or more times in one day no way would i be able to wait a whole month before doing it again. Anyway even 2 times a day is a lot in my book. Everything above that is insane, though maybe going no fap after balance it out
be careful not to sweat or you'll ruin your makeup
You know that if you don't jerk off for a few days, the accumulated horniness will become the motor force pushing you towards real life dating
it's not a common enough occurrence for me to take any real concern with it, it'll be like twice in one sitting throughout maybe 2 or so separate sessions and then i'm good for a very long time.
Are you insinuating i'm a tranny?!
i remember de sade's recollection of going at it like 15 times a day
Show us!
Shooow nony
tfw no fwb robot "bf" who needs to do it daily
gospel adds on 4chan 
peak irony
A real one. I can't relate but i mirin
You mean ads
I don't wanna post but i wear anime merch like a boss. And really cool workout t shirts sometimes
dude actually starts off "i know doing it too much leads to overheating" and then goes on to say that by the 7th he's shooting blanks.
sade should've been shanked in the bastille.
gym is not a place for vanity, stop flexing in the mirror and get to work
Flexing in the mirror and dabbing on fat people is my favorite part of going to the gym :(
tfw no shy sub in public bf who tops and doms in private
You always on my mind
When I ride through the east side
I wanna see you
When I see you
https://youtu.be/VqtJw67xM14 [Embed]
thank you, I have Sundays saved as purely ME days, no obligation to friends or family or work or hobbies, just chill out
I'm usually exhausted from the week and don't do much at all though
I think I need more me time sprinkled through the week
I had a slower than usual shower tonight and really took my time relaxing and washing my hair, and now I'm drinking hot chocolate with some rum in it
It's not a whole day for me but it's a slight reprieve, so I'll try having little me time bits all this week
happy birthday 
rest in piss faggot
I really wanted to watch a movie before going to sleep tonight. I fail yet again.
yesterday I mowed the grass, went to the store and cooked a (very shitty) dinner and I still got my leg problem things. 
Today I have not gone outside once, played video games basically non-stop since 10am when I woke up and do not have my leg problem tonight. Can anyone explain this?
sometimes I feel so lonely. I'm scared of regretting it
Just watch a movie from bed like I do.
tfw no bf to doze off with
I think that we both know the way that this story ends :(
Then only for a minute I want to change my mind Cause this just don't feel right to me I wanna raise your spirits I want to see you smile but Know that means I'll have to leave 
tfw no tv in my room so I can't watch movies in bed. 
I'd fall asleep anyway though.
When the evening falls
And I'm left there with my thoughts
And the image of you being with someone else
Well, that's eating me up inside
But we run our course, we pretend that we're okay
Now if we jump together at least we can swim
Far away from the wreck we made
ITS TEARING UP MY HEART WHEN IM WITH YOU
BUT WHEN WE ARE APART I FEEL IT TOOOOO
ewww scales
smoking the hue pack everyday
see attractive man online
get pissed
i can't wait for AI to become competent enough at scanning attractive faces that a extension exists that removes attractive people from your browsing like ad block.
you should kill yourself for even mentioning him, what did this accomplish? fucking hate you so much and you know what? i don't even have to say i hope you're not happy, i KNOW you're not happy but not only that you will never be happy and it's because you're like this, and you can try to change but you know you won't. this is just who you'll be until you die. fuck you.
Legos make me happy
why do they call it winter weather if it happens in spring?
It's been a quite slow and quiet threads as of late. It's disheartening.
Apparently these days most mods use datapack recipes? Is this referring to the recipe jsons that are generated by the recipe generator? I'm wondering if there's any downsides to using KubeJS versus coding your own addon mod to alter recipes. Now that I think about it, since the game reads all the recipes from the jsons anyways there shouldn't be a performance issue with using KubeJS.
I think its lack of topics to talk about
You eventually run out of things to talk about in 2008 threads. You can only be so racist, so gay, so lonely, so smug, so argumentative and such till it all just becomes tired.
what the fuck are you talking about
because weather that would be normal in winter is rearing its head in spring.. does your brain also fail to understand how virtual reality is a word
I'm eating hot dogs at 1am again. I need some other easily fixed foods that don't require me to cook to use the oven this late at night.
and why havent they come up with a better term? this weather isnt even really the norm in winter here its probably spring exclusive...
snow, ice and other such frozen precipitation generally happen in winter. Spring weather is supposed to be mild, but rainy for most of the country (assuming US).
Lost so much weight all of my clothes are super baggy and I look dumb
At least my dick is bigger
thats what i mean its been raining all day and now its going to snow all night which never happens in winter only spring but the entire thing gets a winter storm warning anyways
how much weight anon?
almost 150lb
most food does require cooking anon unless you're going to start munching on raw vegetables you have to get something involved
holy shit
you lost the average civil war soldier in weight anon
Impressive
Anyway its better to be skinny in baggy clothes than be giga obese in fitting clothes.
I'm fine with mircowaving something I just don't want to use the skillet or oven.
I don't know how people put up with professional porn. Regardless of sexuality niggas talk way too fucking much. I don't want to hear talking. I don't want to story. I want to see people get it on. For fucks sake!!!!
tfw no bf to teach how to cook foods
i havent heard the sound of porn in literally 15 years it was always too weird
i ordered some little lego piece and those cockroach niggers charged me 15 dollars i'm really depressed right now
i'm almost done with collecting lego anyway
i want to apologize to everyone i've hurt in the past
i need to pray for forgiveness
i just realized it's never actually been my fault. everyone else has hurt me. i am innocent.
He's delusional again, cuff him. We need to up the dosage
it's funnier because these things have actually happened to me before
forgot to attach my avatarfag picture ops so silly of me
You are literally known for being an one week wonder. You deserve torment for playing with peoples hearts
It's been people leaving ME after one week. Not the other way around Anony.
You did it to me, then you did it to some fridge smuck who went on a meltdown then again some other loser few weeks after several months ago. How cum people keep saying you constantly swap bfs then desu
icame HNNNNNNNNNNNNNGG
when did i do such a thing 
for i am a humble christian homosexual boy who loves his lego toys and stuffed animal
You wouldn't remember because you do it so much times i hate you mossberg you evil bpdemon. We have low enough self esteem already
can we just fucking ignore this obnoxious turbonigger
you're lying you piece of shit
which one, like actually which fucking one
my tackle's smelling a bit ripe innit
In the end God will judge all of us and I am willing to bet that these accusations levied against me are meaningless and that I may be accepted into heaven and given everything I deserve.
you truly have to feel sorry for him, but at the same time its like a nice little social experiment providing more evidence that literally everyone is retarded
that's right cocksucker
go back to new jersey
that's so smart anon, having a day like that to look forward too is the best way to get through the week i imagine. 
shower and choccy milk
nice, that sounds very relaxing. hope it tasted good!
Not only are you a vehement tarantula but you also hide being a facade of cute anime characters because you are an awful, ugly person.
i have high honor and am handsome
I have never ever seen an avatarfag who was handsome. They always wear shitty feminine clothes but have ugly faces when its finally revealed
i don't care if he looked like venti I'd still smash him
I am the exception. 
Would you marry me? (Sir Ventiposter The Third)
Of course, but you need to wear the maid dress :^)
he has been making the exact same posts for over a year and due to the fact nobody gives shit(nobody even bothered to remember so they could point it out) he switched it up to force some kind of attention. you should be crying for him, and then /r9gay/
good night i love you citizens of r9gay
Nobody should be crying for attention whore pieces of shit, the only tragedy here is that he hasn't died yet
nobody even bothered to remember so they could point it out
What on earth are you talking about theres always some one complaining about him. I was tolerant until today but im sick of his switcharoo bs now
You love me. Admit it.
I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you
complaining because he attaches an image to every post, which is why he started doing it and its absence is why nobody cared before, not complaining or pointing out that these are posts on repeat that were largely ignored before. its hilarious and sad for multiple reasons
Nobody cared who I was until l put on the mask.
i found a mickey of vodka right in front of a convenience store. I thought it was filled with water until I took a whiff out of it.
we young and we alive
we never gonna die
gn i'm snoozy
looking at these digits, it seems unwise to drink it, good luck
Goodnight anony, pleasant dreams.
he's a nerdy spaz
You mean someone
They used to shout my name now they whisper it
Don't make me sad, don't make me cry
Sometimes love is not enough and the road gets tough, I don't know why
So choose your last words, this is the last time
love is mean 
And love hurts 
But I still remember that day we met in December, oh baby
I will love you 'til the end of time
I would wait a million years
Promise you'll remember that you're mine
Baby, can you see through the tears?
I'm bi but I've decided I'm just going to go for men exclusively. Women are just straight up heartless and I don't believe capable of real love except for their kids. Also started working out a few weeks ago because I realized gay guys have higher standards than women. Pic related is my goal body. I wanf man tits
What should I cook for dinner tonight anons, you're the only ones I can trust
Taco salad, or just tacos if you work out today. :)
I promise I'm not trying to make your life harder
Or return to where we were
But I will go down with this ship
And I won't put my hands up and surrender
There will be no white flag above my door
I'm in love and always will be
tfw Cyndi Lauper
Anon why do you keep posting lyrics every day? Nobody knows who you're talking to and they're not even your words.
I'm sad and have nothing better to do
tfw no bf to save us from page 11
Cute men.*
Surprisigly not original.
we were supposed to go to page 11 together, anon, just you and me
Women are just straight up heartless and I don't believe capable of real love except for their kids.
yeah i firmly belive the only love a man can get is from another man. i kind of feel like bisexuals are in the same position as women though so, consider that before you promise anything to anyone
good physique though
why do most gays only want a white man?
I'd date an east asian or a particularly cute latino but that's as far as I'd go
I dont like muscular people. I like it more when the arm has a slight soft bulge from the muscle underneath instead of a hard outline. Same thing with the stomach, when he flexes his stomach a soft outline of abs is nice but its bad if its too rigid and if it is apparent even when not flexing.
Also guys who have chicken legs look kind of weird but I don't know what causes it so I won't judge.
GOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE? MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND!
usually I don't respond to posts in my good morning posts but
oooo i dont really like muscles
not liking the masculine traits of a dude 
its so over for you dude. NGMI
https://youtu.be/W7muCRio2nQ [Embed]
oh god no
not the grind
anything but the grind
you're late for days in a row, are you okay
I just have a fucked sleep schedule and it takes me forever to get out of bed so most good morning posts are an hour plus late. I'm trying to get it fixed. Its not easy being a loser with no life man.
No south asians? :(
as in india and surrounding? desu I've had nothing but super unpleasant interactions with south asians but that's probably not your fault if you're here on gay robot thread, I'm sure you're alright anon
latino chud
They look like girls
remove this please
i'm sorry non
tfw no bf who sends you Good Morning Sir messages every single day without fail
tfw you're the second drippiest person at the gym
I wish I had this too. My sweet bunny is dead though, he's never coming back. I loved him and he's gone.
He was killed by the sinaloa cartel
mexichud how could you
i had to do it to him.
tfw no bf to grope my butt
you anons working hard or hardly working?
they delete the op image and presumably ban a grand total of one ip
just rangeban the little brownoid he's probably the only thing in the province with an internet connection
went out in public
saw niggers
Man fuck this shit
Hardly working, just like always
You should date a nigger boy
tfw no griffith bf
Ew no. Blacks are the second ugliest race of people. The first being and by a large margin Abos. I'd only date a White or Asian boy.
I'm pasty white.
but you're ugly too, isn't that a perfect match?
post hand and nipple
why would you want to subject some random negro to anons racism?
Does anyone have this weird condition where your skin changes color if it's not in the light? When my skin is under light it's pretty white but when it's in shadows it looks darker.
you're ugly 
Yes but not nigger ugly. Plus racemixing is wrong even if its homosexual. People should stick with their own generally. Unless they are a cute Asian boy with oval glasses then they should stick with me and like kiss me and stuff. You feel me homie.
tfw you go to bed early for once and even leave your phone but instead of sleep you are met with tears and bad memories
ermmm what the spruce
dead thread
your future bf will post this post:
await his arrival patiently
What would you cook for your husband, or what would you want your husband to cook for you?
I certainly wouldn't try to fry another chuck steak, that's for sure. Likely I would prepare chicken tenders. I know they're a meme but I can actually make halfway decent ones. 
As for what he could cook for me? I would want to be surprised there.
What's your bf(boyfriend)%?
You are not a gaycel if you wont date your looksmatch.
well... whp is he?
I'd make a steak and brussel sprouts, side of rice
r9gay is dead and i killed it. Now, is anyone going to kill me? You can have my pc and all my personal belongings
Ugly East Asian for this guy >>73105877
You are not gay if you never had sex with a man
Im not gay anymore im finally free
i cant play guitar but i look like i can and thats what really matters
a quesadilla
Wouldn't mind it desu
Nerdy Asian dudes are pure sexo
Ok date me desu im love chud guys
My brother died in 2008...
Random factoid desu. Sorry to hear that tho.
date
Woah woah woah
talking too people is way too scary and hard
I'm just gonna continue whining online
ok im going to be obsessed now
did huenigger finally fuck off?
Whatever he asks for but I'm pretty good at making chili and also steak.
I miss him everyday and wish he'd come back but I know he hates me.
we weren't really compatible so it was better to ghost
Why weren't we compatible?
you always went on tangents about things i didn't really care for. why do you think we were?
I never viewed it like that. Make I was too vain but I always wanted another chance to do better.
yeah but you are brown. it would never have worked honestly
Never saw you as a racist Lol. And I'm whiter than you in skin color.
ariba ariba hueuhuehue burritos!
Good night gaynons
Even though most of you ITT aren't actually gaybots
Im a TRUE gaybot. Good night nigga
omg, please tell me what you know anon. i've been looking for him for a long time now, please say it isn't true ;-;
I miss you still silly boy Lol
in this awful cycle of having bizarre nightmares and then staying up for days at a time which prompts even weirder bad dreams
goodnight, and im ALMOST done being gay
they can't keep a real nigga down forever
time for a storyanon whine post about being hungry at night and not wanting to cook anything but also not having anything to have that's quick.
berserk will never be finished Lol
since no one avatarfags as anything good i'm going to avatarfag as he-man on occasion
its now early morning
yup. its "its so over." time. I just want a boyfriend bros. Its not like I'm asking god to move the entirety of the alps into my backyard. I just want a cute boyfriend. 
https://youtu.be/RnvuuQ4PB-8 [Embed]
Based choice, anon-kun.
And so /r9gay/ was decimated.
I fucking love Griffith so much it's unreal.
go find him instead of waiting for your magical pixie bf to come and find you.
Do you look like girrith i will marry you
just ordered another thinkpad
Yeah I'm getting dressed right now. I'll find a cute boy to be my boyfriend at 2 am whether he wants to or not
the only thing I know about he-man is about why he has a tiger steed
https://twitter.com/ponettplus/status/1130876119828316161
vid related
Nah. I probably look more like teen Guts desu.
tfw no bf to watch 80s and early 90s cartoons with.
i don't care, put a damn saddle on it
holy kek, that's based
i wish i had straight hair and wasn't blind and needed glasses Lol. I would girrithmax
NTA 
but I look like guts
SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEX SEXO SEXY SEX SEX SEX SEEEEEEEEEX OOOO SEX SEX YOU SEX SEEEEEEEEXY SEXO SEX SEX SEX OOOOOH YEAH OOOOH YEAH SEX OO YEAH
I am becoming sex I wont have sex my literal body and soul will become sex
Well, curly hair with glasses can look good too, anon. :)
How bad is your eyesight, btw? Mine are about -4.5.
I am becoming sex
Finally, /r9gay/'s eternal adversary has reared its head.
It's really bad. I don't know how to scale it but I basically can't do anything without my glasses.
but not nigger ugly
you anons make me laugh, only momentarily until i remember my grief
i am now become sex, sexor of worlds
-a anon anonymous 
Theoretical Sexist
tired
know if i get into bed I won't be able to go to bed
so I have to just stay tired at my desk
this sucks
i am taking husband applications
know if i get into bed I won't be able to go to bed
why can't you go to bed when you are in bed, there is nothing to Go because you're already there
can one of u bwois post ur discord. i feel horny.
I am only looking for true ever lasting love.
yes and id like to win the lottery but ill settle for a horny femboy slut to watch.
You should never give up on your dreams. Try and strive for something more than being a cheap whore. The last enemy to be destroyed.
imagine THE SMELL, for FUCK SAKE!
winter is over, no more comfy hot drinks
But what am I applying for? People need to know what it is they're trying to get.
I see no reason to not just drink them anyway
it's just not the same without the sweater and big socks
tfw have to get a haircut cause it's too hot to wear a hoodie
no more comfy hot drinks
I have something hot you can drink, anon.
tfw no bf who will let me nibble lovingly on his frenulum
Nights are so sad these days but i feel better in the morning. I don't like getting out of bed tho
Good morning r9geniuses, it's a sunny Thursday with a dangerous, stinging aroma lingering in the air. My boyfriend exists somewhere in the world, but neither one of us knows where to find the other. I've been following the thread of fate and it led me here, to you.
tfw circumcized at birth so already at a losing start
The sun sucks, a shame. I think that thread has led you to a horrid place, anon.
It's okay, I can just tell that you're a bottom. It's not like you were gonna use it anyway.
I'm so desperate to interact with him i might start posting on boards he browses for a small chance we get to exhange one or two posts as anons.
I can just tell you're a bottom. 
I tried putting stuff in my ass a few times, not a fan.
Are you a fan of someone being dominant to you or do you want to be dominant? There are other ways to get off besides anal, you know.
I read the thread in bed and it got in my head, I said "yes!" instead of no so here we go, y'know?
When I read posts like this it always makes me sad to see you miss him, and sadder that nobody misses me like that. Couldn't you love someone who deserves it instead?
Hello, dear anon. Have you anything planned to take advantage of the day's energy? That hasn't carried over to here, it's cloudy and I'm sleepy, but all threads lead to /r9gay/ nonetheless.
I want to be dominant, me being submissive doesn't feel right. Of course I have a huge thing for incredibly dominant men who are submissive to me only, pic somewhat related  I mostly got into it for the porn, no I won't read the manga
I think I understand. Be wary though, fren.
Ah, I see. I was wrong then, those're some pretty dominant thoughts. Domination loss is always great stuff. I haven't read the manga either, I'm waiting for the next fucking season to start already.
Credit for being one of the first anons to not act like anal is the only way two dudes get off. 
I haven't read the manga either, I'm waiting for the next fucking season to start already.
I'm not a very patient person but this is just making it somehow even worse.
When I read posts like this it always makes me sad to see you miss him, and sadder that nobody misses me like that.
Sorry anon. When i read similar posts they make me almost cry. You shouldn't want anyone to miss you tho. It just hurts
Couldn't you love someone who deserves it instead?
No one i know deserved it more than him. It is me who sucks and is useless. I hope he is happy.
Thanks, fren. I think for a lot of people they just focus on what gets to them the most and personally for me a lot of what makes something erotic is the situation, less so the act.
I'm not a very patient person but this is just making it somehow even worse.
It is really annoying how long its been, I've rewatched it a few times too. Iirc Demon Slayer came out at about the same time and that's on its third season and it had a movie too.
Iirc Demon Slayer came out at about the same time and that's on its third season and it had a movie too.
I never could get into Demon Slayer despite... well ... him. Still have fantasies about him sometimes.
I remember reading its manga when it was getting near to what seemed like the final arc. I couldn't finish it, it seemed like it was gonna have a trash ending. Otherwise I did enjoy it, the first like 8 episodes of that series are a bit rough though. Still great moments and that series likes to hit me in the feels.
Shounen anime keeps cranking out stuff to keep my balls empty. Sukuna's still my husband though. 
Well, they do like making attractive, dominant and showy dudes. I wonder how you feel about seinen guys.
Hey, good morning. It's been a few days since we talked, how are you? Cloudy and sleepy is a great way to be, I don't like the sun much either personally. Especially since it's still too cold to open the windows and get some fresh air. I might go for a run later. I might go to the thrift store. I might get tacos, or make some at home. I've been craving tacos. What are you craving?
Well, not that I want someone to miss me exactly but just having someone who cares. Having a "him" to miss at all. Being broken up about someone is still beautiful love and caring compared to indifference.
I'mma make the new thread hold up my brothas
here ya new thread
Oh, so it has. I'm not the best at keeping track of the days. Unfortunately it's not the pleasant kind of sleepy right now, the minor annoyances of the world are piling up and I would prefer to curl up and ignore it all, but I have to hold out a little while longer. What are you hunting for at the thrift store, anon? I need to look for small shops to see if I can find anything nice to decorate my house with. This is the second time I've seen someone talk about tacos on /r9gay/ in the past couple of days, so maybe that's a sign, but what I always most crave is the sweet stuff. Maybe one of those chocolate lava cake things. But I'm being good, so I'll wait until tomorrow to truly treat myself.
That is a valid way of looking at it and something i would say in the past. Maybe this is a case of grass being greener on the other side. Personally, if i knew he missed me and was sad about this it would only make me feel worse. I don't want someone i care about this much and still love to be unhappy. I just really, really miss him...
