BBCbros... its over..
This is so fucked up. literally couldve been born as any other race but you're barely human, have shitty dry sponge hair, genetics AND women hate you
it's orge.
At least the lanklet got his looksmatch. The guy who has 2 girls has the best face and frame but the shaved bull dyke shouldn't even count. I think that guy on the right has the best looking girl though.
The nigga on the far right got the least ugly girl though?
And manletism excels race
OH NO NO NO
His eyes are slanted. That ain't no nigger.
Okay but lowkey he dodged some REALLY ugly bullets. Like wtf where did they find this bald abomination and the nosenator
Probably cause he wore that stupid ass hat kek
Hes asian? Hes darker with a more african looking nose than me lol. But anyway continue hyping up some random guys that aren't you going on dates with ugly girls i guess
Many africans have slanted eyes too but whatever i'll take your word he's a bat-eating chink. Makes 0 difference
Brah that nigga philipino 
He got the BPC (big pinoy cock)
Geeze that is brutal. I bet the black guy got told to put himself out there by his faggot friends only to be humiliated like that online. Why even bother?
AAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HES SO OBVIOUSLY ASIAN YET YOURE COPING WITH "B-BUT HE LOOKS LE BLACK I SWEAR" HAHAHAHHAHA IMAGINE COPING THIS HARD YOUR LITERAL PERCEPTION OF REALITY CHANGES TO TRY AND COPE WITH A HARSH REALITY AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAH BBCBROS...ITS OVER HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAH
He's either South East Asian or Latino.
For me the white chick is number 1 cutest, the asian chick second and the indian chick third, but theyre all super cute
1 nigger 3 american 'whites'
It's like the guy with a 4 incher cock who went on that youtube channels dick measuring contest where everyone else was above 6.5 inches.
Bet they have cuckold fetish because that is the only way they could say this was a good idea
Wrong.
It's just getting started.
Third and fourth guy are the best looking because they look kinda Asian.
Black bois NEVER get picked on these things. What happened bbcbros? I thought bbc was taking over?
Huge cope from a nazicel. 100% of zoomer girls listen to black rappers, are on TikTok copying black dances, use black vernacular, go to black concerts, watch black athletes in every major sport and Netflix TV show, etc. Black men aren't failo'd in the west unless they are Urkel nerds. Black women however are sadly failo'd hard since dark skin is stereotyped as not feminine, and men are less swayed by media representation than women.
Cope, BBC reigns supreme.
Nah blacks fall into two categories. Either they're the hyper aggressive Tyrone drug dealer who gets sex in exchange for drugs. Or he's some incel.
White women are anti-racist and anti-white in 2023.
good thing I'm a mulatto built like a twink while still being taller than most people
manlet nigcels, it's over. Endless exclusion and mocking for me being faggy/soft back in school from your groups due to my autism and high IQ has made me callous, and for that I'm sorry.
JFL
