Trades are only for people who:
A. Know people
B. Are willing to participate in and be on the receiving end of brutal 'banter' from co-workers which you will need to deal with because.
C. Are willing to work for a few years to get enough experience to pass various licensing exams to become a self employed plumber, HVAC, electrician, etc
D. are willing to be on their feet all the fucking time
E. Know the right people, which autists on here would not unless they have relatives
For someone like me, who is lazy when he's not passionate about something and is socially sub-par, trades were not the answer
look at the end of the day, trade school and university are both for normalfags. if you dont make friends, you aint getting a job
My trade is bartending. Get that, you autists. Just kidding, don't get into anything food service related.
depends some on the trade tho but yeah you have to be pretty diligent for it to pay off.
know about some guys who worked as carpenters, electricians and plumbers who bought buildings to turn into apartment complexes. 
guys who do car painting have all the under the table work they want, whether its worth it or not is another matter.
Build-gang reporting in.
I'm nogger tier but it's double neetbux for only half a week's work.
You don't have to be socially competent to work a trade job, but yes you do have to work hard and yes you do usually have to be on your feet all day and dread the days where you aren't on your feet all day.
Also you can usually find jobs that will pay you while you are going through training then drastically bump your pay once you get fully trained and certified.
The bullshit is places where everything is ultra unionized and hyper regulated. Those places you are only getting in if you know people and kiss the right asses.
Otherwise if you try to go independent the union people will whine to the city government to fuck you over in particular so you aren't competitive with them.
I wanted to be an electrician but i would have to apprentice under some boomer that will hate me for 5 years. Fuck that.
You will always make minimum wage while bezos continues to make billions by doing nothing. Stupid bootlicking burger faggot nigger.
5 years to be an electrician? Jesus anyone with half a brain can learn that shit on youtube in a week. I guess trades get good money because they're protectionist.
this actually cannot be emphasized enough
when i was living in homeless shelters as a teenager in toronto in 2006, i got a job in construction. it was a 16$ back then, they gave the jobs to at risk youth, and i was desperate for cash, so i applied
i didnt really do much, i just pushed around wood and cleaned up and thats basically it. they insulted me and swore at me and basically treated me disrespectfully
i asked my boss, stephane or whatever, one time not to insult me, and he fired me on the spot. im not joking
actually fuck normies, i dont have any sympathy for such cunts
Why does this board remind me that i have no friends everyday. I get the no gf, im ok with that. This is just a double wammy on my loneliness
its not normies its just blue collar workers. you'll find most tradfaggots online are also antagonistic like this for no reason. they think being hostile and obnoxious makes them masculine
I juat got lucky landing my apprenticeship and train people for the most part are pretty nice. The hard part is the 1.5 year study period and passing the tests but after that you're free and you have a job that pays very well and has a lot of mobility.
How is train driving these days anon? Do you have to walk 2 miles setting the brakes because they gave you a fucked up unbalanced PSR consist?
Nope, you don't even get a toolbox anymore, if the train is in a state too shit or there is something obviously wrong you just call on the company phone and say the train is shit I'm not willing to drive it and everything stops and they are legally obligated to send someone to check it out and fix it or to give you another train. We're pretty pampered nowadays compared to the past, mostly because of unionizing and mass protests.
What does this mean?
Damn sounds comfy anon. Do you wave at the tards recording youtube videos?
They haven't been doing that in a while but I know someone that flipped them off and had to do ethics training(ie they paid him to come in and nap). He's been flipping them off every chance he gets now.
That's pretty funny and nice job security. I like trains but not enough of a tard to film them for youtube. How long are you in the cab at a time and what's the hardest part of the job?
Driving passenger rail seems like it'd be fun too.
How long are you in the cab at a time
Varies, you can't drive more then 5 hours straight legally though. Sometimes you have to make a long stop at a really small station with no rest house, in that case you have to sleep in the cab.
Paperwork, pulling into/out of stations getting unlucky and being made to drive the old shitty trains, dealing with downright disgustingly dirty resting houses.
Also accidents are stressful and the hectic work hours take some getting used to.
There are far worse ways to spend all day in the trades than on your feet.
For example cramped in a really awkward position for hours to fix or install something.
Or spending all day on your knees bent over working on something ground level.
Or any number of body positions that are far less comfortable than just standing around in the open air.
Also usually when you are on your feet you are also moving around so it really isn't so bad.
That said if you ether get the right training or certifications you can get paid to work the heavy machinery. It doesn't always pay the best of trade work but it's a fun job if you always thought heavy machinery was cool. Plus you get to sit down most of the day.
Like you sit more then the site supervisor and other bossmen.
Also accidents are stressful
I think I'd be more stressed by the paperwork, if someone wants to an hero at the level crossing more power to em. Not hitting the brakes for some rich Gunn High faggot. I'm an edgelord faggot tho. Also sometimes they are real accidents.
fair
The stressful part is dealing with the cops and mandatory psychic screening if they deem it necessary. Still I meant more like hitting a truck in a crossing or having some retard switch the rails under you and getting derailed.
I was literally a friendless shut in before I started working in the trades. I just applied for an apprenticeship and got it. The brutal banter is a meme I just call them a cunt or something and laugh it off
I think there's two types of people, ones that go bullied in school and learned to roll with it or ignore it and those that either didn't get bullied enough or never learned to not let it get to them. I'm in class(on break) currently listening to my classmates debate if there are any women that have souls right next to our sole two female colleagues, right now the consensus seems to be that there are two types of women, whores and stinky whores.
one was a lesbian, right? what do the women have to say?
Nothing, they're just ignoring the banter, it started because someone brought up hot tub streamers, the conversation has turned to arguing if niggers are animals or farm implements.
Oh no bros I'm going to be in an electrical apprenticeship. Should I just bail?
are most of the people there single? have you run into any regulars on your way to work?
Being an electrician sucks a rather moderate amount of dick, so does any trade that requires you to go to peoples homes instead of being in a comfy workshop all day. Is it an electricians apprenticeship or something else?
We have a very mixed class here, mostly millenials and boomers with like 4 zoomers me included, most people are married.
you guys hangout outside of work or nah because most go home to their wives?
Nah most people just go straight home.
so you use to the 9-5 now and by that i mean working full time?
Yeah, for now it's like going to school again since class starts at 8 for the most part.
He didn't say that you retard. Some unions are certainly good, but plenty of them are basically fronts to extort both the workers and the companies they work for. Going directly for the extreme just indicates that you're licking a boot too, just a different one.
do you come home tired, what do you do now with your time off?
do you come home tired
Yeah, although that's mostly because I walk like 3km every day.
Sleep, go on walks, read, spend time with family, most of it is gonna be eaten up by studying soon.
have you gotten in better shape, lose any weight? i know people who had physically tiring jobs, but because of the exhaustion would eat fast food. wouldn't lose a pound because they were too tired to cook anything remotely healthy.
have you gotten in better shape
Yes
No
I got visibly more muscular and gained a bit of weight. I'm gonna have to start counting calories again which sucks.
Dude.... I used to work at a Lexus dealership when I got out of Lincoln Tech. I was shy, and just kept my nose to the grindstone. Within 6 months of working there I became Master ASE certified, and Lexus certified. School counts for a year of experience where 2 are required plus passing 8 different tests. They refused to put my flat rate which starts at $16 per hour (2008) and they wouldn't raise my paltry $12 per hour. Turned 60-80 hours a week after a year and a half, never have comebacks. Sent to 3 Schools which along with 18 months service, I was lexus senior certified. STILL NO FLAT RATE STILL NO RAISE. I wasn't social. I just did my work. Being social wasn't required to do the job. But I guess it mattered for getting a raise. They finally gave me $14.30 like that was enough. I joined the navy and always thought the wrench failed me. In reality, the people who worked there as my bosses were pieces of shit. THey hired this lincoln tech kid in 2009 and gave this faggot a LOT more money than me, just because he served in Iraq. He was a dumbass. I know for sure because his MOS was fucking infantry. I was a nuke when I went into the Navy. I swear to god, the meek smart people like myself are fucking shunned by society. After the Navy, I moved back in with my parents. They wqere amazined at my journey. SO much knowledge and experience and always getting academic awards are having a great record of doing great work. But no pussy. Not a fuckin stitch of it. No pussy no work lol! Not really.... I just lost the spark of life and don't care anymore. I clean the house, mow, plow snow which is like plowing a large walmart parking lot because we have a compound and 40 acres. I live for my family. My parents are lucky. I am very easy going and level headed and very helpful. They are in their very early 60s. Parents investing in their kids, send them to college, pay $100K for them, and they still end up in a retirement home. 1/2
meant to do a 2/2 but the LSD is kicking in!
this is pretty much the truth. i had a gigabrained that was like this and it's kind of messed up. i think he graduated highschool with the highest average and i know with certainty he graduated his program with the highest marks (got an award for it and everything). at his job though, he's just a pleb that gets shit thrown at him regularly. doesn't matter that more than likely he's the smartest in the room or damn close to it. the loudest ones and the people who complain the most get more benefits.
where i live most professional licenses (trucking, welding, electrician, public notary etc) are inheritable
what does this mean in this context?
Trades are only for people who:
Nope, you don't need to social for the trades unlike college as long as you are competent know one cares
A. Know people
Nope, you don't need to social for the trades unlike college as long as you are competent know one cares
B. Are willing to participate in and be on the receiving end of brutal 'banter' from co-workers which you will need to deal with because.
yup
C. Are willing to work for a few years to get enough experience to pass various licensing exams to become a self employed plumber, HVAC, electrician, etc
This is true, but highly dependent on the type of job not all trades need you to be self-employed you just make the most money that way and a college job is no different
D. are willing to be on their feet all the fucking time
depends on the job but generally yes
E. Know the right people, which autists on here would not unless they have relatives
nope, if you have family connections you will get better jobs faster but it's not really necessary unlike college jobs
why did you stop and what do you now to keep the lights on?
Fucking brutal Black Pill.
My dad suggested that I get a trade, but he never wanted me to follow him as a master bricklayer. Full of foreigners now anyway.
I passed two years of college, studying business and IT, but I still ended up NEETing for a decade thanks in part to the Second Depression.
Then when I finally wage-cucked in a finance apprenticeship, I found out that I was aspie as fuck and therefore could not work in either white-collar or blue-collar jobs. So I am trapped as a NEET (and incel) forever. I am not a people person at all and thanks to globalism and outsourcing, I have literally no place left.
My knees got fucked (sports) so going up a ladder everyday wasn't the greatest got hired as a machinist and my employer sent me off to college to be an engineer so now I work in controls
you must get paid pretty well to be an electrician who is also in controls. im guessing you work mostly with Allen Bradley?
i dont think you know what bullying is
I was bullied pretty relentlessly in elementary school for being a fat fuck. I used to get super mad about it which just made me an easy target. If you roll with the jokes then they can't really bully you with words. If your bullying is physical that's a different problem, but my advice in that case is to fight back with the intetion of killing or maiming them, since they will either leave you alone after that or the teachers will actually be forced to intervene for once. That's what I did and it worked.
good for you. sometimes you have to take things into your own hands and make people do what's right.
I get paid alright, believe it or not most people don't care about my electrician background they care more about being a machinist
Yeah, and some micrologix
The trades are generally not a good field, but they're a living if you're not a position to do anything else. 
This was understood for the longest fucking time until a bunch of stinky magapilled tards starting talking about them like they're better than every single other job and MY UNCLE IS A PLUMBER WHO CLEARED 300K AND FUCKED 3 BITCHES ON THE JOB DAILY. 
The social environment is terrible because everyone just defaults to monkey brain since your work site is filled with literal ex cons and drug addicts. It's so much better when you're in an environment with people who are somewhat similar to you. 
that's not bullying. try high school where people can actually kill you and mob you after school and put you in the hospital because you talk weird sometimes
What's your situation
Family background
Age
How much money do you have
Do you think you could do well in school? 
For some people starting electrician apprenticeship is great, others is a complete waste of other opportunities you could have had for a much better life.
trades are fun if you're doing it alone or with a good friend
they are hell otherwise
the money isn't good enough in the uk either idk about abroad but you work too hard for what you get compared to other jobs
the mild physicality is nice but dumb boomers will get mad if you don't harm yourself for the sake of "working hard"
also they'll laugh at you and bully your for being a fanny who wears ppe
to some extent, and it depends what you do, you can't avoid toxic shit either
i'd only recommend nice trades like really fancy diy for rich people but being an electrician isn't bad
do not do civils or mechanical they are the worst
i imagine carpentry is ok too but i haven't done that
why is that, you a mechanical engineer? i figure even if you are doing industrial engineering (working in a factory) your electrician knowledge is valuable in your position.
the other guy itt said bullying is good
nope electrical engineer, for some reason the people in charge care more about the mechanical side of things rather than the electrical. For example they're trying to recruit a bunch of HVAC techs into controls rather than industrial electricians or electronic techs because they have electrical/mechanical experience even though in my opinion the other occupations would be better suited for real world day to day operations.
