When it comes to approaching/dating women, men often feel negative emotions like:
Fear of rejection.
Guilt/shame.
Doubt about whether pursuing the woman is really worth the effort.
Insecurity about looks/height/money.
What are some negative emotions that women experience when it comes to dating?
What negative emotions to women experience with respect to dating?:
Women don't *feel* emotions you fucking dumbass
He wasn't a 9/10+ and approached me? I feel devalued and ugly!
My exs all worried that I would put them in hospital if they pissed me off, battered womens syndrome is based haha
What are some negative emotions that women experience when it comes to dating?
Fear of rejection.
Guilt/shame.
Doubt about whether pursuing the man is really worth the effort.
Insecurity about looks.
you kidding? fear for their physical safety, including their lives. guilt about rejecting people and fear of their response. anger or misplaced shame about being treated like shit by people to whom they owe nothing. depression about how utterly psychotic most of the dating pool is.
you kidding?
Why would I be kidding? It's pretty common for people to not know about how groups they don't belong to feel about things.
stacey tier Chicks wouldn't be posting porn if they were really concerned about safety. obviously you r9k femanon no shame in that.
You know what, OP, you're actually right. I looked at that aftewards and saw that it was not necessary at all and you were just asking. my apologies. 
but yeah the rest is my answer. there's a lot. girls usually have a very bad time trying to date and they're usually quiet about the worst of it.
You know what, OP, you're actually right. I looked at that aftewards and saw that it was not necessary at all and you were just asking. my apologies.
I just realized why you reacted the way you did, it's /r9k/ so you probably thought there was some implication that women have no concerns about dating at all lol. Yeah, sorry if I came across that way.
It's interesting that the majority of concerns you list arise from having too many people interested in you.
Fucking so typical.
fear for their physical safety,
Hahaha. What a fucking meme. Get the fuck out of here with that feminist bullshit, you retard. 
You know something? I fear for my physical safety whenever someone suggests we go bungie jumping, so I've never gone bungie jumping. 
Women, on the other hand, they get drunk and run across the banister to the bridge, and say "I wanna jump!" before the crew can even secure the bungie to their leg. Don't give me this shit about "fearing for their safety." If women were truly scared they'd show a little precaution in dating, or avoid it all together.
It's interesting that the majority of concerns you list arise from having too many people interested in you.
Fucking so typical.
My sister would like cry when she was rejected and stuff. The thing about being evaluated by your looks really gets to a lot of women it seems.
Women, on the other hand, they get drunk and run across the banister to the bridge, and say "I wanna jump!" before the crew can even secure the bungie to their leg. Don't give me this shit about "fearing for their safety." If women were truly scared they'd show a little precaution in dating, or avoid it all together.
A lot of women do avoid dating altogether, haven't you seen the latest stats on singlehood?
What are some negative emotions that women experience when it comes to dating? 
Anxiety about not being able to get commitment from Chad, anxiety about failing to branchswing to a better male while they're dating a placeholder. If there's one thing r9k is right about, ti's how hypergamous many women are. It's insane how ruthlessly they can discard a guy if they think they can get a better one
My sister would like cry when she was rejected and stuff. The thing about being evaluated by your looks really gets to a lot of women it seems.
Sure, when I call you out on it, you produce an anecdote about a rejected sister. (Which is very fishy to me. Rejected how? Did she ask a lot of guys out and get shot down?)
But your gut reaction before being called out was to say:
fear for their physical safety, including their lives. 
This only happens if guys ask them out and turn out to be killers
guilt about rejecting people and fear of their response. 
This only happens if guys ask them out and they have sufficient options to shoot lots of them down
anger or misplaced shame about being treated like shit by people to whom they owe nothing. 
Again, this only happens if they get lots of opportunities to shoot people down and then feel bad about it (misplaced feelings, in your view) or the people they shoot down aren't nice to them later
depression about how utterly psychotic most of the dating pool is.
This one does not explicitly entail the consequences of having many suitors that you shoot down, but it still has the implicit air of it. You don't have this reaction unless you think you are vastly superior to most of the dating pool.
This only happens if guys ask them out and turn out to be killers
the majority of women who are murdered are killed by their male partners its not a very irrational fear to have
haven't you seen the latest stats on singlehood?
Yes. Lots of men are single and hardly any women are single. Proving my point.
