start playing Runescape again
feel very depressed and empty
it's not even remotely fun
nothing is fun anymore
just feel endless guilt whenever I do anything
Where did I go wrong?
just your mind telling you that you enjoy more productive things to do, or new things to do. coming back to games almost always ends with this feeling. nothing to beat yourself up about
How are we supposed to tell you where you went wrong?
You're supposed to tell us your t a l e.
productive
The only productive thing is money making and I can't do that all the time
I can barely do that at all
I'm too stupid to learn anything useful
Thats your conscience telling you to stop wasting your time. Try doing something productive it might suck in the moment but the feeling will go away.
How about some delousing? Are you physically well?
How is your family?
What do you believe in? What are you about?
73088448
how are you playing osrs if the servers are down rn?
I've been playing Melvor instead. Just free part though. It's idle game version of rs. Runescape has become too expensive.. And I've been too busy to focus on that.
Tell me something productive to do then faggot
delousing
I'm not a dog
physically well
No 
family
Mostly distant and hard to talk to
beliefs 
That money is all that matters
I want more money
Thats it
With more money I can finally live by myself away from all these annoying faggots I'm forced to live with
The only productive thing is money
lol, lmao
Tell me something productive that isn't making money then
Cause everything else just feels like a drain of my time
This is why you should get into graff. Nothing ever beats whipping out a mad handstyle
waste time defacing some wall with paint
Why?
For what fucking purpose?
Just sounds like a waste
That's very interesting. Why don't you feel like you belong?
Belong where?
With the annoying asshole roommates I keep having to live with?
Somewhere, with someone that you like.
Where did I go wrong?
Playing Runescape.
someone that I like
pfft
Yeah, sure
Seems fucking impossible to find m8
I just want to be left alone yet every damn person I seem to be around is loud or smokes weed or is a fucking horrible person
You can make an argument like this against every single activity possible. If you got into graff, you'd know. You won't, so you will never know.
defacing 
I never told you to hit peoples private property.
You haven't found the "I don't like smoking pot or being a bad person" club?
Yeah man lemme find my local Orthodox church lmao
Plenty of religious people are shit too anon
Plenty of religious people are shit too anon
Yeah, but at least you can use the words of Jesus to make them shut the fuck up.
cook, clean, learn
cook
Why? I can get someone else to do that
clean
Only so many things to clean
learn
And do what with it?
Everything has such a high barrier to entry and I'm too old to have time to get over that barrier if I want to make any money
I'm too old
You're probably only 20.
I am not 20
True religion of white people is paganism. Christianity is for weak losers, slaves, it had created socialism and wokeness basically. Read Evola.
Yeah man I'll go back to worshipping Jupiter like my Roman ancestors did
Great idea
playing Runescape again
feel endless guilt
nigger how are you this fragile? how do you go grocery shopping without breaking down in the store? lol, lmao
Have you actually been to a pagan group? Nothing works right. I actually switched from paganism to Christianity and it works much better.
It's not because of Runescape m8
Its collectively everything I do
Runescape is just a part of it
Go to the gym fatass loser. If youre so uncreative that you cant even think of productive things to do maybe you deserve to feel this way.
Paganism means there's no tradition. And no linear time. Educate yourself, lol. There's no Jupiter and Odin, any of that.
Here in Ukraine are a lot of legit nice groups.
then what the fuck do you want money for? you have nothing to buy, no one to spend it on, and no desire to do seemingly anything
just fucking kill yourself dude, its overdue
