Ive honestly lost all interest in women and dating. I'd rather just play vidya instead. Once you learn the truth about them its really hard to like or respect them as humans. I have no idea how one could ever "love" a woman.
does exactly what the brainwashing teaches young men to do
"learn the truth"
its OVER
It is all so overwhelming.
On one side I am much better and healthier as a single person.
But on the other I crave love, attention, comfort, touch, validation, and feet pics like a motherfucker. But I have had my fair share of experiences and it is really tough to manage a girl in my life. Not to mention the amount of standards I would have to adhere to. All for a single chance and not a guarantee that a woman would stay by my side. It truly sucks being a physical touch lover and a hopeless romantic deep inside. I grow colder and lonelier every year.
Anyways, this confession meant nothing. Time to slowly die again.
I feel you anon. Women these days really do not care about love or family or any values that we men have. Its part of why society is rapidly decaying. "Love" to them means getting dicked down by some chad who is fucking 5 other women and she doesnt even care.
yeah I was in love once (or twice) and it was bliss until it wasnt yada yada who cares.
Now I am single again I can focus on my strength and working out.. the gym will always be there for you anon. If you treat her nice, she will reward you well
I'm mostly the same, but still a bit on the fence with women. I've had a couple long term gfs in the past (I'm 36 so this isn't saying a lot) but they were acquired completely at random in ways I don't really know how to make happen ever again (one of them was literally because I begged for a gf in an /r9k/ thread many years ago and she contacted my throwaway email address and was coincidentally in the same state I live in).
And also most of my teeth have rotted out now so I would need to go get dental implants to even try dating again and I keep putting off doing that.
Receiving blowjobs and cuddling with a girl are both really nice, but it's extremely stressful and demoralizing trying to get a gf to the point of not making it feel worth it sometimes. And since I'm old I have my own house and a good engineering job and a sex doll so I can cope to some extent and not get too lonely.
do not care about love or family or any values that we men have
They never did. Back when they pretended to it was only for survival and/or social acceptance. But now those checks on their behavior are gone.
Exactly. The blackpill is so fucking brutal. Its been super depressing after realizing the true nature of women. They are horrible beings.
The solution is simple
What kind of sex doll do you have? Im afraid to buy one because im renting an apartment and im not sure where i could hide it.
She's just the typical TPE. Tits are large and you can fuck her in the mouth, pussy, or anus.
Nice I bet that's fun. You should also try out onaholes if you haven't already. So much better than fleshlights
what truth? not all women are the same
if you base your opinion of women off retard redpill podcasts who host the most unironic borderline mentally retarded trailer trash fatherless whores then you actually are retarded and should go outside and get some first hand perspective rather than consuming garbage in the safety of your nest, but you won't because you're a fucking delusional pussy, a covert narcissist who thinks they know everything when really you don't have a clue and thats why you fail with women because you never bothered to learn how to talk to them or with anyone really
you're just another unoriginal blackpilled annoying retard, just do yourself a solid and exitbag
The blackpill is just biology. Its literally how women are programmed. Its in the core of their DNA. They are meat bags that get uncontrollable tingles in their pussy and only are attracted to the top 5% of men.
Be me
Wake up, shit, shower, and shave
Come out to a fresh, home made breakfast my wife got up early to cook for me.
She and I talk for a bit, I brush my teetch, dress for work
She is waiting by the door with my lunch bag, thermos, and water bottle. Kisses me as I go
Lunch time - another home made meal just for me. A little note inside saying she loves me
Get home to an immaculate house, dinner in the oven, her waiting for me at the door with a kiss and a beer
Follows me to the bedroom, helps me get undressed, we fuck, I change clothes while she heads to the kitchen
Sit down to another perfectly cooked meal. Talk and relax a bit
I cut a cigar and head to the covered deck, she brings me some rye
drink some rye, smoke a cigar, all while enjoying a nice talk with her.
Eventually go inside, read for a bit, head to bed.
She joins me, we fuck again, fall asleep with her content and curled up next to me, head on my shoulder
Week later
Home sick with the flu
See some KHHV whining that he's lost interest in women
More like you could never interest a woman, amirite?!
/r9k/ in 2018
Women only want the top 50% of men!
in 2019
Women only want the top 33% of men!
2020
Women only want the top 20% of men!
2021
Women only want the top 12% of men!
2023
Women only want the top 10% of men!
Now
Women only want the top 5% of men!
By 2025 all women will only want Frank from Accounting
I'm kinda the same. Whether I have interest in women or not, it doesn't change a damn thing because I will never have a gf anyway. It's like a homeless guy having interest in sports cars. It's an unhealthy obsession and best avoided
Porn ruined men, its finally over
this sounds nice, i will abstain from blindly hating women to achieve this one day
No, it ruined women
You hardly see any woman talking about men being whores.
They only want 8 inch BBCs now
not all women are the same
Doesn't matter if the good ones are all taken by chads who prefer relationships instead of fucking around.
Because men and women are inherently different.
men inherently want to be brainwashed by porn
kek. even in the most oppressive countries, men are naturally attracted to real women and can admire them. these days, men are more interested in talking about trans women and prostitutes than even looking at a normal woman.
Okay I'll bite, what's this "truth" you learned and how old are you?
I can sum it up Women are only attracted to maybe 1-5% of men. Its purely genetic and nothing else. Their sex drive is so powerful they cannot control themselves and since they are attracted to dark triad traits they fuck large dangerous men. They want to even be raped by them. Women are not capable of true love, empathy or affection that we crave. This is why past societies heavily controlled their women. Giving women rights is sure to lead to the death of a nation.
Smoke either less crack or more crack depending on whichever one fixes this brain damage.
This doesn't even make biological sense. If it's "purely genetic" then women would be more monogamous because they can only have a baby every 9 months whereas a virile man can make as many babies per day as he can cum, incentivising him to fuck more women. That's why men have higher sex drives in real life and not your fantasy.
Women are not capable of true love
thats not true, its just they love the absolutely most ruthless or most beautiful or whatever. the elite of the elite. the .0001%, real giga-chads
girls have prostituted themselves out to give money to their money addicted pimp that they love and voluntarily work the streets to make them happy
girls have killed people to make their dark triad cunt leader, like charles manson, who had a harem of women who loved him
girls will cut the names of their favorite musician into their arms and thights because they love them so much
they are capable of love, but not with anyone but the most turbo of giga chads
pic related charles manson's harem and killed people to put a smile on his face. they'd have killed themselves if he asked
Be my friend please Jahl#9987, sejbe79@gmail.com
Tits or gtfo
I'd rather just play vidya instead.
Certainly better than you trying to interact with real adults. For everyone.
incel thread #62928738
In another thread I already explained that men are not human, women are, and so when a woman mates with a subhuman she loses a piece of her humanity and the man steals it from her forever becoming slightly less subhuman.
WHAT DO YOU INCELS BRING TO THE TABLE FOR WOMEN'S HUMANHOOD?
The answer is "nothing", so fuck off with these constant shitty whiner threads, stay subhuman no one cares you aren't owed shit bitch, eat shit and die faggot etc.
Men with poor genes shouldn't breed anyway. Having some ugly unsuccessful kid is the worst thing they can do.
