What are the red flags? Should I stop talking with her?
all the trash around her room?
her posing with a bikini that doesnt match?
tummy piercing?
eyebags?
forgetting most important thing
fat
Why is being "fat" trashy?
Because it indicates a lack of self care. If a person doesn't care about their appearance they've basically given up. A person that doesn't bathe or brush their teeth or even one that dresses poorly is trashy for the same reason.
I think she's p based I like her idk
Fat but not in a 'fat in the right places' way, sort of like pic related desu. Trash around, trashy habit like smoking. Honestly, just indications of low self control and low will power. Also poor people are more likely to be fat since healthy food is expensive.
She isn't fat at all, come on ..
But Starbucks is quite expensive?
Only poor people think Starbucks is a status symbol.
How is this a junk food body?
She doesn't have a belly ring retards she just has an outie belly button.
chubby with no muscle definition goes both ways.
How is this chubby? She looks like healthy to me.
Nothing wrong with her desu
Are you blind? Jesus
The trashy room I think
Beautiful! Maar?
Shit hair.
Fat.
Messy room. 
Tattoos.
Piercings. 
She's a lazy fat slob.
How is this fat kek? She looks Kinda thin desu
Nah bro shes fat t. size 6 asian enthusiast
What is so fat about her then
Just look at her hands they look like pigs feet lmao fridge body women may aswell transition FtM troons
You're making us look bad. She looks like shit.
She's looks lazy, while she isn't fat like other anons are saying, she has the body of someone who doesn't work out. That looks like a hotel room (complementary water, paper says thank you for staying with us...), so I'll forgive the mess and the junk food. Still, I don't know why she would choose to take a picture in that dirty room. Overall, she looks fine... normal. Whether or not you stop talking to her depends more on how far you are in your relationship and how much of a burden she is on your life. If you just started talking to her, then sure it's your call. If you've been together for years, then you should try to keep it together unless she's really holding you back in some way that you just can't fix.
Why do you think she's lazy? What would she do in her spare time?
How is that a pot belly dude..
How is this shit? Explain please?
She look okay to me. Don't listen to those fags
Lmao. U never started you delusional fucking retard
Tattoo, piercing, gut, messy benchtop, her diet, sharing half naked photos, unmade bed.
What's wrong with her diet? How do you know?
Junk food strewn around her room, keep looking lmao
Unmade bed kek
Youth is the only reason she isn't a complete whale. Skinnyfat male equivalent. Not fat, but no muscle definition anywhere. Judging by the fast food trash around her room, it'll only be a couple more years until she's a complete ham planet.
Overly bleached hair, trashy unkempt room, and bags under her eyes. She's the typical Western civ white girl in her early 20's. Partying, bar hopping, maybe in school or working part time to fund her Instagram adventures. She'd be a fun girlfriend for a few months tops, nothing serious. She'll steadily gain weight living that lifestyle and you can either bail out or she'll baby trap you.
What makes you a catch, OP?
What's wrong with having no muscles? Not everyone likes the gym
Eyebags make you lose trashy? I've had ones for a really long time and I never knew this. My sleep schedule isn't that bad either.
A girl making a pic for you and not even trying at first to look cute and pretty is actually pretty insulting. like she doesn't even give a shit about you enough to make a good impression
Come on, how is this fat? What's so big?
yea it gives an unclean impression
also its probable that the person has mental illness or is a junkie which are both trash
