Post your idea of a dime.
Here you go
/thread
1979 was a good year for dimes
damn you i was about to do that
pathetic
Pic related would be a 10 to me, wide hips + big tits are an unbeatable combo, I would do unspeakable things to date a girl like this
Hail caesar
She looks tall and I like her large frame. Good breeding material. Would spawn Chad sons/10.
I love Amazons like you wouldn't believe, they make me go crazy, but also make my mind turn to mush like I have a hard time thinking
Based. I absolutely hate petite small women because they spawn incels. Amazons all the way.
Perfectest body I've ever seen.
Someone that looks like picrel
My standards are very low...
I only wish her teeth would go back to being a bit goofy
I'd say this is a 10. But that doesn't mean there aren't cuter girls or girls I'd like more. And it's only based on the looks, not personality.
photoshop head?
girls like this
This has to be a joke right
your clarification skills you mean?
maybe this is a bit generic, but its the perfect phenotype and you can't disagree
not bad for a white girl, my cousin looks like that.
This is my contribution to the thread, originally.
I like all kinds of women but big front teeth and green or blue eyes are a running theme in the ones I fall hardest for
disgusting, Roosevelts dimes are filthy
This tall beauty
more like 6
I'll be honest the whole /10 rating doesn't make much sense to me. From my perspective everyone is either attractive or not, so it's like a binary, you are either a 0 or a 1.
fascinating opinion but that makes you a simpleton
The problem is that people rate gorgeous women 7/10 or 9/10. But never define what /10/10 even is. 
But ratings out of 10 are always shit and I don't know why humans default to that number when 5 is better. 
1=can't even look at her
2=not fuck able but not ugly
3=would fuck if desperate or drunk
4=would fuck
5=you'd go out of your way to fuck
Why do we need 10? Nobody can define what a 6 and 7 is. And even then, most retards say anything below 7 is unfuckable whole never rating any women below 6. What is a 5/10 woman? What makes you want to fuck her that she's a 50/50? 
I argue we should only use /5
Some guys just hit different
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder indeed.
No it makes you an overlycomplexoton.
this body type and hair
werdftjgyhju5rythygjh
Thats my type of woman looks like a creepy pasta haha
