Anyone know the secret of looking young?
I want to look like I'm 18 for a very long time.
Raw eggs and milk unironically.
I have a wrinkle line on the right side of my face between my nose and cheek
It became visible around 24 yo and now it's very noticeable and stark 
It's over for me
Avoid sun. The end. Funny you posted sparking vampires asking that question. Also invest in mushroom, lions mane or whatever it was called.
Its extremely rare for white guys to look younger than their real age. They almost always look older. Add hair loss to that and there really isnt a way of faking it.
Develop anorexia in high school, avoid sunlight. That's the trick.
This is terrible advice, anorexics age like dog poop and a thin gaunt face makes you look way older
Milk and dairy products in general are not good for your skin
yes! Avoid the sun like the plague, at least your face (spf 50), healthy diet, exercise, fast some times. You can also add retinoid creme and moisturiser and general cleanser. Are you male?
Don't drink alcohol or go out in the sun
trention and avoid the sun
go vegan and eat a variety of frutis and vegetables (i just eat vegetables, i hate fruits)
be skinny
kill yourself, you'll be 18 forever
Lack of vitamin D will make you even more depressed. 
Idk, genetics... 
do not go outside (especially during summer) without a hat/cap, and good sunscreen. drink lots of water, and exercise. you don't need to necessarily lift weights, something like biking or running every other day is fine.
also, get your life in order. stress is a real aging factor.
No, first line should always be finasteride followed by minoxidil for hair loss / prevention. This is a sham created to sell both minoxidil and finasteride at the same time and also increasing the rates of hair loss surgeries.
You have to prevent the problem at the root (finasteride). Minoxidil does not halt further loss due to DHT.
Minox by itself won't work that well, that's why you use it with a dermaroller. It creates micro-wounds in the scalp which the body heals along with the hair follicles. The minox is supposed to improve bloodflow to those areas.
you don't get it do you? Minox INCREASES growth but it does not prevent loss. DHT affected area hair will be lost with only minox and dermaroller. You absolutely have to get on finasteride first to get the benefits.
also the hair grown under minox is minox dependent on the scalp. once you stop minox you lose all the hair gained through minox.
mostly avoid sunlight, and if you go into sunlight wear at least spf 50 year round from dawn till dusk. diet, water, exercise obv. Good sleep schedule. You can read up on retinols and use them too. Rosemary oil for hair, but i dont know that much about haircarw desu. dont do opioids or stimulants, ocasional psychedelics are propably fine. stay somewhat skinny. but its mostly genetics. i have very boish appearance at 25, dont do any of it really and still get asked for id (in europe, so drinking age is 18). started using spf tho. also, dont have beard. very light stubble of thin blonde hairs can ironically make you look younger, but if you grow even a patchy beard that will age you a lot so better shave it
Its all about the way you dress and present yourself
Thank you, stacy
tretinoin
in order of efficacy/importance
shave as close as possible, ie shave upward against the grain, if you will
in order of efficacy/importance
sunscreen, moisturizer, exfoliating cleanser
in order of efficacy/importance
oh also i forgot get laser hair removal to remove beard shadow, instantly de-ages you 5 years.
estrogen ygk2j8
Don't drink alcohol, don't smoke anything, don't get sunburnt and never smile (that shouldn't be hard if you do the first 3 things). I'm 30 and people still think I'm 20. Also don't go bald.
28 year here I still get carded and have 0 lines
Low stress, low sun exposure, and staying well hydrated.
Beyond that it's mostly genes and avoiding obvious shit like drugs n smoking.
90% genetics, then a mix of everything else.
Can I smoke weed still? Or no
