Why do I keep getting banned for telling people to kill themselves? How often do you see someone say "kill yourself" on this board?
Because it's very negative and bad for people's mental health maybe?
So is the content I tell people to kill themselves for.
It's always degenerate stuff.
Find God immediately
Look what board you are on.
God would be on my side before most here.
"Degeneracy" isn't a thing
Soulless cretin.
It's degenerate in the way it makes people objectively mentally worse.
Why do you say that?
You are a kike golem. You have no love for your brethren. 
You have been conditioned to behave no better than an animal.
I tell cuntoids to slit their wrists and kill themselves all the time. I hope they either follow through or fuck off from this board.
Never been banned for it
Elaborate. Why do you say I'm a kike golem?
You think those people are my brethren, why?
This one is weird. I am not a degenerate. I have morals and stick to them. An animal does whatever they feel like with no self control.
Telling somebody to kill themselves is disgusting 
If you cannot identify that kind of behaviour as innately and universally immoral, you might be a jew. 
You cannot escape karma.
Don't you think it's disgusting to groom others into doing abhorrent behaviour too?
You should fight that stuff.
Ironic.
I know what is right and wrong and behave in accordance to those universal laws. 
I do not get my rocks off by cowardly and anonymously undermining harmony. 
Find God.
Moralfag spotted. Telling people to kill themselves is based if it's true. Life is Darwinian, you either sink or swim.
Most people here are much more evil than me.
Go tell the degenerates around the board to find god instead of me.
.. but jews should kill themselves, and should be reminded daily that they deserve the ovens. How is it immoral to remove a parasite?
Social darwinism is an instrument of the jew.
We are divine beings of pure light energy with infinite potential. We should rightfully love and elevate one another.
I've been banned several times for telling people to kill themselves. Could be mods that are after me for some reason.
