As part of the Reparations Act, Joe Biden has mandated that every white male in America is to become legal property of black women.
I fully support this action. I am ridin with Biden all the way to mandated chastity cages for all white "males"
In a statement on Monday, Biden described the mandate as another step towards healing black and white US relations. 
The act has caused uproar among republican white males, but they were unavailable for comment since being taken away this morning to mass white male enslavement camps, where they will be chained, pegged and forced to eat black pussy for up to 24 hours a day, inside sources say.
What happens to white women then?
Lol pic related, probably.
Holy fucking kek, thanks for the best laugh I've had all week. Read it all in Joe's voice
So this is the America democrats want huh? For shame.
Why do black women want their men to have sex with white women? I thought they got pissed about that?
Thanks a lot Joe!
A lot of black femanons shlick to blacked porn. Seeing white women getting raped turns them on. 
t. used to talk to several black femcels from here
Interesting. I'm a white femanon and I find that odd. Do they really hate us that much they want us to get raped? Blacked porn isnt my thing. I wouldnt want to watch a black woman get raped either.
Lmao this much projection. The fact that blacks have been raped in the ass for centuries, now they are trying to project it on anyone.
Theres no evidence that ever happened. Literally a fantasy made up by some fagot.
Fantasy is reality when it's the fantasy of those in power. You weren't there. You can't prove them wrong. They write the textbooks.
The lengths people will go to in order to justify their fetishes...
If you're black and continually browse a board that hates black people then you probably hate yourself, it's not surprising they would be cuckolds. I'm sure the blacks on other boards aren't as demented.
stop trying to derail the thread out of your insecurity
Too bad that's not gonna pass.
