i made you an ugly autistic loser because...i just did okay?! it was part of my plan or something.
you WILL suffer for MY amusement!
you will NOT kill yourself to escape your torment!
if you do, i will send you to HELL where you shall suffer for all of ETERNITY!
amen
god isnt real you knucklehead
proceed to win anyway despite nightmare mode
I made you an ugly autistic loser because...i just did okay?! it was part of my plan or something.
Why did he do it?
living a full life in this world feels like the ultimate shit test
sometimes i think God keeps me alive just to laugh at my ass
-saint brandon
Thy kingdom come, thy Will be done on earth at is in heaven
God us the power to create reality, to create reality, magick is this power. Learn to utilise it. Everything you is part of Gods infinity, God is within, He is within you. It is up to you to fulfil your own Great Work, create the reality you desire, and build the kingdom on earth. This world belongs to the devil, the dark prince, there is much great suffering and people with even less opportunities than you. At least you have the freedom to exercise your Will in the way others cant, your Will is to love and help others, then youll feel complete - crucify yourself. Seek to create equality of some sort in this devils world, if you understand who you really are, what reality is, youll be free from your delusion 
The autistic loser within you is a part of God
Amen. unironically
why aren't real people, we exist so tha normies can be grateful they weren't born as us
god has never seemed so based to me
The unelected think-tank members who are doing this to you have names and addresses, no? Perhaps you could invite them over to dinner. I'm sure they have other victims who would be relieved to know you've convinced them to stop using your words! Just a friendly chat, that's all. Nothing crazy, that'd be bad!
i made you the way you are because those were the building blocks on your side of the river current bro
you're already here, just paddle boat towards a place you want to be, but don't fight the current bro
Existential rage helps for a while
Isn't this more like your parents's fault? At the end of the day it was their choice made out of free will.
why would God "Amen" himself?
"haha youre right anon god sucks"
*find out 99% of atheists are gays who take dick up the ass*
fuck it I'm switching teams
Ain't no way the faggots are right. If this isn't god's way of saying
yeah bro go with the fags, right?
Then nothing is
sheriff chitwood has been notified of your post
free will.
doesnt exist if He exists
But I already went to disneyland!!
