I feel no envy or jealousy toward others but I wonder can people treat you badly because of their envy? I came from a lower middle class but now I am wealthy, own luxury cars, have nice properties, pay for quality fitness, food and healthcare, but it seems hard to interact with others I respect having different skills and talents like advanced degrees, etc. Seems they dislike you just because. They were friendly and wanted to do things before finding out about success. I don't think I should have to hide or attribute luck to everything. It's frustrating being on receiving end of whatever psych issues people have.
People will always judge you based on their unrelated past experiences with different people. It's fucking retarded and it's why I don't talk to anyone anymore.
How did you get your money? I feel like you're leaving this out on purpose.
envy is more than just a desire to have something you know you can't get, it's a deep-seated hatred for those people who exercise the abilities and virtues required for achievement and the projected desire to destroy their lives. i.e. 'if i can't have it, no one can'. this mindset is the cornerstone of a certain political party that is constantly accusing innocent people (and in fact the entirety of society) of wrongdoing without a shred of evidence. their most common refrain is that the successful should 'pay their fair share' as if they know something about their lives and/or finances.
the way out of course is to realize you're just projecting your own self hatred and inadequacy and/or you've been brainwashed by government goons who just want you to hate complete strangers based on a cult-like delusion. start developing the habit of appreciation and gratitude towards those who are better than you and follow their path to your own version of success.
There's an entire ideology built on envy that killed more people than God in the 20th century.
Every death is a murder by God. He wills all that is.
Found the envifag.
"I feel like you left that out on purpose"
You are projecting
