go outside
no culture war vibe
no anti white people vibe
no liberal mental illness vibe
everything is just normal
is the internet the only place where this culture war shit exists or do i just live in a haven? like wtf. i was a shut in for months and i thought it was hell out there and i go outside and its just... normal
What are you talking about? Last month at the movies there was an ad for women's history fucking MONTH, go to target and there are fat women ads and fat women mannequins everywhere, nigger supremacy books front and center, gay flags and Ukraine flags plastered all over businesses and homes. It's fucking everywhere, at least here in California. Absolute retardation, there are definitely millions of idiots that believe in the woke shit
Yes. I also have seen only 10 trannies ever, whereas online they tell me they're everywhere and Jews have gone form cutting of just the tip of dicks to grooming everyone's sons into cutting them off.
You either didn't look very close or you live in a blessedly not-enriched area.
Depends on where you live. When I was in college I'd constantly see stupid, virtue signaling shit.
It's all internet life, not real life. 
people arguing about guns in America on an Australian website dedicated to posting good deals you might not know about
There's no point to the internet anymore
Also your last thread with pic rel reminded me
go grocery shopping 
some chick in uniform was stocking shelves
fucking Mal Malloy bottom-heavy
proper pear-shaped woman
never seen jeans jiggle like a waterbed 
even double checked they weren't just jean printed leggings
that jiggle was in actual fucking jeans
Depends where you live. I live in one of the most """diverse""" and progressive cities on the planet, and walking the streets is like being in a /pol/ meme. I don't have kids, so I don't really care and unless you're an idiot with zero situational awareness or common sense, it's largely safe.
Everything doesn't effect everywhere at the same speed and to the same degree.
It's part of the reason why normies have to constantly be told that you're stupid and anonymous and it goes don't mean anything regarding arguments relating to large trends. Especially when it trends so large as to be literally international.
You non falsifiable data point of one dipshit and whogivesafuckastan doesn't disprove objectively measurable reality.
nice. i always see bottom heavy women at publix here in miami. it's so unfair i'm not allowed to fuck any of them
"It is literally normal"
proceeds to admit to living in the most abnormal, abysmal hellhole on earth known for being resented due to how different the cultural climate is from the entire rest of the nation
You non falsifiable data point of one dipshit and whogivesafuckastan doesn't disprove objectively measurable reality.
Its almost like I asked 
is the internet the only place where this culture war shit exists or do i just live in a haven?
Read the entire post next time, little guy
hell no i live this shit
niggerfaggot tranny hired in
makes everyone uncomfortable
ragequits by fighting a manager and claiming racism, manager gets fired too by HR
2 months later
tranny hired in
bullies everyone
entire team hates THEM
calls everyone racist
demands pay raise and rants about capitalism
ragequits (nonviolently at least) and damages sign outside the building
make it stop
The world I lived in before is so gone for the worst, but if you just try to live in the real world you'll see a lot of it still remains. Most people will never know what it was like where everyday you could feel at peace and just live in the moment with total strangers. But you'll still come across people who reach out and will make connections with you instead of looking at their phone, or the reservation that you may not have voted for the wrong person or something.
Main thing is the more you can stay offline (especially in public) the better.
i would fuck her 24/7 every time i come home from work if this was my gf wtf
i know right? fucks sake first time i saw the pic i just stared at it for like 5 minutes
I never asked to be born here. It is a beautiful place full of resources but for some reason it is fucking overrun with liberal retards
Had two trannies at my shitty job, but one quit because they were kicked out of the house they were living at and got afraid of the laws recently passed. 
The other is still around but they look chronically unhealthy and depressed so I wouldn't be surprised if they end up dead any day now. Not even from suicide. Like they look like they have a legit health condition that could just randomly get worse. They even still wear a mask and carry around hand sanitizer.
But at least the sick one tries not to be obnoxious or a nuisance.
The other one however was a annoying faggots who didn't remotely look even slightly feminine yet would get pissy with customers who used the wrong pronouns. Like they are supposed to be psychic or something and not call a big fat masculine looking man sir.
Also have a statistically improbable number of cross-eyed people who work at the job. Especially weird because two are absurdly cute if you disregard the lazy eye.
Though the lady in middle management couldn't be less cute if she tried. Looks like her father or mother was part cave troll or something. Nasty personality too. Has had a lot of people complaining about her.
But god the one with curly hair is so cute it makes me uncomfortable. It's like, damn girl you are too cute to be around this shit hole with a ogre like me. And the way her ass looks in the tight jeans she wears is borderline dangerously destracting. What's even worse is her eyes are beautiful even if they do look off in different directions. 
What were we talking about again...
tfw a bottom heavy male with skinny upper body
Not nearly as big as OP's pic or Mal Malloy's goddess body but shitty genes really feel bad when you're reminded you will never be with a woman like this. They can get any man they want outside of celebrities.
Theres a nice town nearby I occasionally visit to buy parts for my waterpipe. Right now its comfy but im afraid its going to go turbo homo for pride month again. They once had the so called rachel levine and that soccer dyke alongside harvey milk on a big memorial wall
What is "going outside".
If you don't live in a liberal shithole and the extent of your going outside is to the store or gym, something routine, no you won't because people are busy going about their day. Even in a lot of wagie jobs you won't get wokeshit because it's a McJob but if you go to any office or college or out to a modern entertainment event, the shit is inescapable.
I fucking hate seeing women like this irl because it literally ruins my day knowing I'll never be able to fuck them. And I know a girl shaped like this, she has a boyfriend and has made me literally incapable of being attracted to any other type of woman having seen her walk around.
you must've missed all the george floyd blm lgbt riots.
Same here friend. I work in a wageslave retail job and every time I see a woman shaped like that it snaps me back to reality reminding me other men get to have that simply because of the genetics and environment they were born into.
Fucking brutal.
