who else comes here for the hopium?
Imagine if women like this really existed
This is probably one of worst places to go on the entire internet for hopium.
She's not real
She's not real
lots of women like this exist
in other words she loves cha
I'm sure she loves how tall they are too and isn't aware of the existence of guys who's height starts with a 5'
Nah, I've made peace with the fact that the only woman who will love me unconditionally is my own mother.
Woman don't want to get to know me, my hobbies, my love, my interests, my struggles and my triumphs (Unless it involves me being able to provide for her). I do not fit the mold of a typical, attractive man. I feel that I do well with what I have, but I know very few, if any women will ever find me attractive enough to even feel one iota of OP's picrel.
So I continue to fight on. Carving out my own niche in life, to get fulfillment elsewhere and although it's lonely...I'd rather have that then the alternative.
this is sad that you've resigned yourself. Have you ever considered that woman just want a positive imagination of the future? Just tell them how both of your futures will be better and then show signs of following that. That's how I lost my virginity at 27 anyway.
Before I had established myself as a reasonably successful person: That was my angle. I would always talk about my ambitions and my life plans. Of course I wasn't perfect, and I would have the occasional slip, but I always knew that given the time I could recover and continue my life long pursuits. All the women I spoke with did not care for any of this, as I was not attractive enough to "Risk". But now that I AM established, successful and secure, women would only want in to take a piece of that.
Yes but it's obvious you are very lonely. So isn't it possible that a woman can motivate you to earn more, and thus share some of that extra earned wealth? You'd still be richer for having met her, since she motivates you to do more.
That's how women treat Chad.
many such cases
suite yourself nigger
Hardly. I only have myself and my other male friends to thank for my motivation. And I'd sooner share my wealth with those that have been with me the longest. I may not have women in my life, but I have a strong network of platonic male friends that have always been there. I often treat them to all inclusive vacations when I have the extra cash saved up and every time I come back feeling better and more fulfilled. Especially because I don't have to worry about any of them "Not enjoying" themselves. Hell, we once spent at least have the vacation playing dungeons and dragons around the pool while drinking all included pinia coladas. They deserve it, where-as a woman just coming in after seeing that I'm a secure option: Does not.
Well I admit you are quite based.
Maybe you can have a discriminator in your dating profile that repels the ones you don't like. Jewish gfs only? idk.
I respect your boys club.
Honestly, yes, I am just visiting this board in the hopes that one day I will find a fembot gf. Have a cuddle shark to comfort you in this darkness, anon.
I don't come here for hopium. I come here to spread hate.
many such cases. sex and an obedient partner is still good though
&lt;I come here to spread hate.
based
Yeah only if you're Chad.
I find this board is the last stop for many people who are about to end their lives or worse. I realized I was on my own suicidal pilgrimage when I stumbled into this horrible website, so I live out of spite to not end up as another dead footnote. I just hope I can steer a few others away from ending it as well, but it's a loosing battle. All I can really do is bear witness to people's darkest hours and try to be a good listener, that's all most of us can do really.
there is nothing about me that is "chad"
deranged schizophrenic is more accurate
I mean, a guy who is 5'11 is technically a midget.
My mom died when I was young.
It's WAY too nice for a bio foid in 2023.
I refuse to believe that this post is real and was written by a real woman
