It's so difficult to find cute nerdy boys nowadays, I am so sick of people and anons telling me that people that look like that come a dime a dozen, they are either morbidly obese or really disgusting, I have not met a nice chubby nerdy guy that isn't a complete degenerate, or a normalfag, I've gotten close but both of them were so fucking boring to be around the relationship naturally fell apart, most boys on here are really ripped, really "plain", or straight up handsome, I have not my found my type yet...I just want my dunkey bf, I have tried for many years and no matter what I do I can't even get close to finding someone like him.
My last relationship was probably the closest I got, but now that's over...I don't wanna settle for someone who I don't find attractive, or fun to be around, but at the same time, I don't wanna be lonely. I should accept that I am not gonna find him and change my preferences.
keep trying. i'm sure you will succeed eventually.
I've tried for years, I think it's time to give up, it's just depressing at this point
walk into balenciaga make em weigh me down
meanwhile this is what dad bod means to w*men
do you really think the man I posted looks anything like the one you did?
me too, sister.
the type of guy i'm into just doesn't exist where i live and if he does he's shut away in his room.
have you tried tabletop or card events?
i've seen a lot of guys like that there. i'm assuming you have though.
i hope you find him one day.
Online hypergamy has made average and below guys way more touch deprived than before, so you'll be pretty hard pressed to find a somewhat nerdy guy who hasn't become somewhat degenerate. Your best bet is to get them when they're still in their early 20s like 20 or 21, before the loneliness has degraded their mind too much.
Yeah...and they are either morbidly obese or already have a gf...I hope you get one though...
I don't mind a little bit of degeneracy, it's just that the ones I've met have straight up been into CP
Are you trolling or braindead? You do realise that the man I posted is my ideal bf, I think he's hot and cute, and the one you posted looks nothing like my type
What do you think of guys who are in the limbo between nerdy and normie? I feel like I'm too normie for girls who want a nerdy guy and too nerdy for normies who want a cool guy. Basically I'm not lame enough for a shy girl to feel secure with me, and I'm not cool enough for an extraverted girl to feel secure with me.
you'd immediately filter a guy like that out if he tried to hit on you because he's sub8, any actual reason that he gives you the "ick". you are looking for a slightly chubby tall white chad, sis.
personally i'm only interested in guys equally or (preferably) more nerdy than me.
i like otaku a lot.
since i'm autistic i need someone to match my energy.
I mean you sound ideal...but I'm not sure if I should take your word for it, usually when people say that the ratio is 80/20 either way
Nope, you're either projecting or stupid, men like dunkey are a treasure and they deserve the world, I've never found muscles attractive, I've never liked chiselled jawlines, I like nerdy chubby boys, they smell great, they are warm and make you feel safe, the world tells them they are unwanted and hideous, but I think they are a wonderful
yes exactly, after dating someone with autism I can no longer go back, I don't function well with people that are neurotypical they either can't handle me or I can't handle them. All the nerdy boys with tism already have a gf though...
You'd think literally nothing of Dunkey if weren't filthy rich. And I don't blame you, he's a fat retard who lucked into everything he has.
Yeah that is beyond degeneracy imo 
That's fair and sort of what I mean. Maybe you can find a guy who likes anime a lot so you can have a common interest and watch it together. I tried to get into anime multiple times but it never quite clicks with me. 
I mean that's fair, it's pretty hard to have an objective analysis of yourself. Only one way for you to judge me for yourself though ;)
hope you don't have a problem with a fat retarded with a porn addiction lmao
shallow
yeah, the match never ends well. they act like they can keep up but eventually get tired...
it's frustrating.
unrelated but maybe it could help you feel better since you like bigger boys. if you like yume stuff @cheripi_ is an artist on twitter who draws lots of cute chubby guys. not my taste personally but maybe it'll scratch some kinda itch until your cutie finds you!
why are incels so bitter and unable to understand attraction? I've been a big fan of his since the very beginning, boys with that sense of humour are so fucking fun to be around, if he lost everything and was your normal 9-5 wagey I would still find him extremely cute and hot, I don't need money to be happy, never been rich.
tits or gtfo
my tag is Cindyyy#9719 if you wanna chat
That body is like 6 months of lifting and eating right if you aren't already obese.
I mean the porn addiction can be worked through, fat and retarded is just my type
Keep saying it Leah, Keep saying it
There are countless guys of that phenotype that are indeed probably sitting around working the register or sweeping the floors at Walmart because they weren't not fortunate enough to become e-celebrities by being in the right place at the right time. Go get 'em, champ.
no they are great too, but Jason is my definition of perfection
I should get plastic surgery to be exactly like Leah and replace her methinks
Ok, I'll probably add you in 15 mins or so, you'll probably get flooded with adds so the last three numbers in my # are 212, so that one will be me
Would you believe me if I said I've tried to hit on 2 guys like that in my life? Both of them already had a gf, and haven't been able to find anyone else like that since
Nta, but you're probably hyperfixating on the best of that type. The truth is the majority of the type of guy you described doesn't have a gf, but girls tend to only focus on top guys, and don't even register the existence of the rest, let alone think of asking them out. By top guy I don't mean Chad, I mean within that niche of nerdy, chubby guy you described, you likely only register the existence of the most charismatic and funniest ones, who ofc will be taken
hope you are ok with being a set piece in your retarded boyfriend's cuck interracial porno
well, there is definitely a sweet spot for them, I get what you mean but I also like a couple of tiers below that, but yeah you are right, men like dunkey are most likely already taken, I wonder where men like that usually gather because I wanna go back to chasing...I'm so desperate
I can fix him...trust me...I can do it
picrel looks pretty obese and disgusting to me
yes, a lot of people think that, it just goes to show that my definition of obese and disgusting are way different than most people on here. I think he looks really cute and hot
OIL FILTER ON THA GLOCK U WONT HEAR A SOUND
Unironically move to the UK and you'll find plenty of guys like what you've been describing in the thread.
We've got fatties but hardly any morbidly obese. I have no idea how Americans reach that size in such large numbers.
I'm nerdy (intp-a) like vidya and scfi etc. Did a dark triad test and turns out I'm normal in narcissism and psychopathy, and high in machiavellianism. Is that good enough.
are you able to love and care for someone? You promise you won't hurt me? :(
Where the hell are you finding the morbidly obese lmao.
Do you live in London?
You have a better chance of knack 3 coming out before you get a dunkey bf
But fembot, I'm all of these things minus the chubby part.
You wouldn't date me.
probably not...I really like chubby men, you still have my discord we can be frens
Leeds actually, and Nottingham before that
Both are good outcomes
Im the type you're describing, I got a gf of 4 years tho
Fuck you... I'm so happy for you both, but fuck...
If that discord tag up there is yours, I wouldnt mind chatting and maybe help you find a nerd for yourself
it is...plz halp :'D
What the fuck is "nerdy" anymore
I love learning and I get way too into things, but I hate "nerd culture" bullshit so I'm not a nerd anymore
That's what being a nerd is. You are a nerd. Big bang theory shit isn't "nerdy." It's a trendy image for normalfags who don't want to put in the work.
that might be the move...
