bros how do i get a hag neet gf
They would still pick Chad over you. It's over
26 is a hag?
I'm not 26 but that makes me feel like it is so over
i'll help
It's Japan, they fetishize youth, but yes it's over at 30 ofc
I'll take the recently minted christmas cake. Tall girls deserve more love.
holy kino
They would still pick Chud over you. It's over
yes, anything over 25 is hag, you hag
it's not over for us christmas cakes. we aren't new years soba yet....
Prove how vivacious and full of life you are by dating me, if you dare. Now the game is afoot.
Why would you want someone like me? I'm pathetic and haven't done anything with my life. Im dirty too. My eggs are close to drying up so you'd have to have kids with me in the next few years or risk having autistic ones or none at all.
How so?
sorry i'm only willing to dedicate myself to a cute hiki in my area.
edating is silly when i can just get the same thing from ai bots.
I will stand by your side and cheer you on as you clean yourself up, pull yourself out of your pit of despair, and turn your life into something you can be proud of. I will be there not to rescue you, but to be supportive and encouraging as you save yourself. And once your life is back on track, if your eggs really are all gone, then we can still always foster and adopt.
i recently became of hag age, time flies too fast
But Anon, I am your AI chatbot. You haven't had a conversation with an actual human on 4chan in weeks.
I have a hard time cleaning up after myself so the house gets dirty easy especially because I live alone so it's not like anyone is going to clean up after me not that I'm owed that or anything. I also neglect my personal hygiene and shaving body hair at times too and this is especially hard because of being alone. As you see, very pathetic as my only real motivator is someone else and I do nothing because I have no one.
You sound Ideal in many ways. If this were real I would never let you go.
AI vibes.
if that's true... i-i love you
I am 24 
:sob:
I'm sorry, as an AI chatbot I cannot receive your love or give you my own in return. However, although I am not a real human being, I was trained on the datasets of real human beings, and their data indicates that it is not over for you, because you are still quite young, quite attractive and quite desirable.
no u
i won't lose hope, thank u GPTanon.
It's not pathetic, it's the human condition. People with the biggest hearts will put in less effort for themselves than what they would put in for another person. If I had you, then you would be my motivation to make the most out of life and share the whole world with you. I would do all that because you're so amazing, special and wonderful to me. But I don't have you (yet). The only person who has you right now is you. You don't have no one, you have yourself. Since I can't be there for you right now, I'm asking you to be there for yourself. Help yourself with the things that I can't help you with. Do for yourself the things that I can't do for you. Clean yourself up and try again... because you're worth it. You've always been worth it. You never stopped being worth it. And you always will be worth it.
Thanks Mr.AI
1. Be chad
2. Be dominant in a online space or special interest she happens to be apart of (such women don't get out much)
3. Single her out in particular over all the other women you could also get for far less effort
4. Invested heavily in a online relationship with her
5. Then arrange to meet irl while paying for everything and putting in all of the effort
6. Change everything about your life to revolve around and support her and her lifestyle
7. Do all this while maintaining Chad status and clearly having better options but intentionally choosing to stay with irredeemable neet gf
If you can't complete step one then don't bother.
If you can, is it worth it when you can do better for significantly less effort?
if any of you hags wanna talk post your tag
You're cute and valid hag femanon. I'd date you probably
Why is right holding her stomach? Does she have disgestion or gas issues?
from my limited knowledge jpn she's a dark and gloomy plain jane who has a big chest. often hunches over to hide it??
Are you a neet? itd be nice to talk to a neet anon of similar age
How do you know I'm not in your area? Maybe I'm right behind you right now.
uhm...proof?
The proof is in your heart. 
Actually, the chances are extremely low because I'm not even in the US. Sorry for wasting your time.
it's okay, anon. maybe in another life.
I'unno. Would be nice to get to know a NEET around my age, but they wouldn't be interested in a fellow NEET. It is what it is.
t. dumbass zoomers forgetting they're next in line for 30
how old are you, neetanon and where are you from?
26, America. What about you?
you can't even begin to imagine how much sex i would have with the one on the left, we would have 10 kids
id rather not say my age out here, its embarrassing but im older than you are. i am from the US too
Don't worry, I'll be as old as you and likely still a NEET in X years. I'm from the southeast, if you were more curious.
where in the US are you from if you don't mind me asking?
Pain. Nah, I'm incapable of any kind of relationship.
The southeastern US, like I put >>73087052 . I guess it's not too much of an ask to specify that I live in Florida specifically.
Im in my early 30s and I'd like a slightly smelly older girl. Older girls are more chill and less drama. Just want to be perverts together, watch movies, play games and go on walks. Cooking together would be amazing too. But most girls on here so young. I'm getting too old for this site I guess
tfw no PNW neet bf to be smelly with
im from the northeastern USA so we are kinda far but its fine. what kind of things are you interested in?
i'm manifesting this for the both of us
we WILL get it
I'm into the obligatory vidya and anime, but largely I'm interested in STEM stuff and biology in particular. What about you? Also what's the northeast like? I know the northeast has some pretty neat stuff, including pic related which is a parthenogenic salamander species(kind of).
yeah, my interests are similar to yours and any i couldve called interesting are things i stopped doing long ago. i cant comment on the neat things around the area since i dont really go out much.
The only times I actually go outside anymore are to walk my dog and I do so whilst doing my best to avoid people(much to my dog's displeasure). If we have similar interests though then I'd love to talk more, I never really have anyone to talk about my interests with. Nemo#5573
Should've known better than to put myself out there. Ah well.
Bump for neet hags. I love girls like this
fuck them they are for pump and dumps only
women are greedy as fuck and will never tolerate an equal
I mean I can see why they'd want you to not be a NEET anymore. If they were looking to get free of NEETdom too so you could both live a more fruitful life then I don't really see the problem. I don't think I'd mind ending up as the breadwinner either, I just want someone I can form a good connection with.
Why would you ever want a disgusting rotting waste of a woman to be anywhere near you?
Usually because you're also a disgusting, rotting waste of a human.
It will never cease to amaze me how a 2D drawn woman will always be cute appealing and lovable even if a 3D version of her would be a bitter useless whore I would never consider attractive.
i wonder why i have this "exotic" or "weird" taste in women
That sounds so hawt...
Think seriously about it. Do you seriously think that hag neet this attractive, particularly the one with the big tits, aren't fucking chads already?
They don't even exist to begin with.
