Think twice, incel. A girlfriend is like any human relationship, 80 percent meaningless smalltalk and communication. You get like 10 minutes of sex and intimacy for every 3 hours overall invested into her via talking, texting, going out. 
And since most young women are as interesting as goldfish, it's basically all on you to make your time together interesting. For her, first and foremost - otherwise, she gets bored and leaves for one of hundreds of options. 
Still sounds great? Then get one, it's not that hard. The hard part is keeping a relationship and the nightmare part is finding a woman that's actually interesting and loyal.
im not reading all that, champ. sorry. touch grass.
Don't even have to read.
This is just yet another demoralization thread with a pretty picture to draw people in.
I have had far better conversations and made life long best friends with prostitutes compared to average women; they just do it better haha
Yeah, I would totally have a girlfriend if it wasn't for those demoralizing threads.
Okay, I want a girlfriend who's not like that then
I would do unspeakable things to the world for even 10 minutes of sex with picrel
anon you can pay to have sex with someone who looks similar
When I say I want a "good wife", what I really mean is; I want a combination air fryer, vacuum cleaner, TPE fucknugget, and timed voice recorder that says "good job" when I come home from work.
paying for sex is a completely different experience than having sex with a woman who lusts for you on account of how physically attractive you are.
Paying is not the same as not paying
sex and love from normal women is only for chad, guys like us have to pay one full days wage for 15 minutes of sex.
I am literally dating my favourite hooker who also doubles as my therapist
the only thing you are dating is a turd in a veil from the last street shit, Vindaloo Visharg.
Asian women mog all women into existence, they let you do whatever you want to them and can still hold a conversation or go out and get drunk together they are peak wife material
this except you get demon tier in-laws
I just want to be around someone who doesn't hate me and who I don't hate
I unlike you have spent literal hours having sex to the point of total exhaustion
You guys won't believe what her boyfriend looks like...
sorry I am gay.
black?
korean?
chud?
This is true.
A lot of incels don't realize they're dying on like the first Act of the first Zone and that once they get past that part and get a gf things only get even less easy from there e.g. getting dumped, getting cheated on, being asked for an open relationship, avoiding those problems and getting married and then getting cheated on, getting literal cucked and forced to take care of some other guy's kid, getting divorced and losing all your money and house, etc.
Honestly your average girl is not like that at all. The problem is if someones a neet they are way more likely to meet some bpd life destroyer or attention-flooded e girl rather than a normal woman.
I wouldnt consider myself a chad but i would say that i fit some of the criteria. The girls I have talked with or dated have never been like that, but i also wasnt hyperfocused on sex and you wont be either once you have it. Your problem is that you view those 3 hours as time you need to pay for pussy like a transaction. If that's the case then break up. The time you spend with gf shouldnt be viewed like that it should be like hanging out with a friend
Hard part for me is finding a girl that isn't shallow and materialistic, cuz those personality traits are incentivized in America.
i keked hard at this. thanks for the clown world reminder anon.
Holy shit I thought it would be like 1:200
I need to get a gf
But first I need to meet a girl. Haven't seen one in a few months. Where are they?
I thought the filters were meant to make them look attractive?
I spent the whole weekend with my gf.
We spent one of the days almost entirely in bed.
It was nice.
that's why you pick a mentally unstable girl who is very insecure and has abandonment issues, so she always tries to entertain you so you don't leave and will let you fuck anytime for as long as you want.
normie women? i'm over it.
Yes it is. If you don't think it's hard then you most certainly don't struggle with life like an incel does, constantly dealing with feeling unloveable, undateable, hideous both physically and internally, unworthy and disgusting. Having a gf makes you lack these feelings and you'll handle a lot of bs to have a loving gf.
Where do you find women like this? (or finding women in general)
