When are you finally going to do the right thing and kill yourself?
Jews will die alongside me if I must take my own life
What's it like being such a racist?
Not today glownigger, not today. So how's uncle Sam's big cock feeling in your asshole lately? Still working for shit pay and some bullshit pipedream of a better country? Guess what you damn fed, you still can't fix yourself no matter how hard you try to fix others with your inane sense of self righteous matsturbation. You will be replaced with shitty foreign AI and you'll be out of a job. Your wife will still be a bitch when you get home and your kids will live in the hellscape you helped create. I'm going to live just to spite you Mr government man and I'll take all those tax dollars you paid with me and fuck hookers on your dime you overgrown white knighting cuckold.
After my Mother passes away.
after 10 femanons type basedjak.party
I like making people's day worse online. As long as I have that I'll probably stick around.
My quads demand it, hoes
when i die of old age LOL !!!
You don't even know what that word means roastie
People hating things brings people together as much as liking the same things. Hating something could also mean you feel strongly about a topic and I like people who are honest about what they think. I hate people who hide behind words like "racism" because it seems to me like you don't actually know about other cultures enough to pick and choose what you like and dislike.
Just be honest about what you like and dislike and we all can start to accept each other, now get in the kitchen and please make me one of those fucking delicious sandwiches only you know how to make so well.
Every day I stay alive, I take up people's taxes, which means normies are losing resources. Just by continuing to exist, I make normies' lives marginally worse, and that's all the motivation I need.
You should really kill yourself. You're lower than a dog
First I need to breed a hit thick girl that might create ubermensch babies
SOURCE?
on that
b
r
a
p
p
e
r
fdsafdsa
Glad to not be down that rabbithole anymore. Degeneracymaxxing gets old.
never 
I love video games too much for that and killing yourself is for weak faggots anyway
