I want a girlfriend who is a virgin shut in, I would like her to rely on me for everything and basically never leave my apartment by herself. She would be my little treasure and I could relax by pampering her and just spending time together with her doing her cute loser hobbies(anime, youtube, factorio or whatever NEET loser girl do for a hobby) when I got home. I would slowly train her to be a dutiful housewife and I would keep her barefoot and pregnant in our house.
here chud. if you're mentally ill enough you got it.
Discord, unironically.
That's how I met my fiancee.
The internet is a magical place. Thank you. I'm unfortunately not mentally ill, if I was I could be neetbuxxing myself, however the next best thing is to utilise all the money I earn and don't use for anything so I can enjoy neetdom through someone else vicariously(while also securing a qt virgin gf).
Doesn't work. Every girl is bombarded with 100000 guys offering her a free house and everything. Every "provider" is ignored no matter how rich he is.
SEAmaxx asap
Actually not the worst advice. If you are fine with a brownish Asian woman that only knows how to cook noodles at first, you could do that. They still like the whole stay at home wife thing. Downside is that it's hard to find one that isn't religious.
I don't care about race in the slightest.
Why SEA as opposed to any other poor country that values female virginity? Why should you pick SEA over say, Ghana?
I doubt that.
The whores do. But Discord is full of legitimately lonely people, a fair bit of them just happen to be female.
If you fail to even find (much less attract) those, I think the real problem here is with you. There's a good chance that even if you HAD accidently come across a "qt3.14 virgin NEET femcel", she was instantly turned off by the creepy incel vibes you give off.
Lol
Lmao
I've had women in real life show interest in me before(offered blowjobs, threesomes etc.) so I assume I'm not too creepy.
Philippines is safe, cheap and girls have the lowest standards in looks. I'm talking 10/10 Filipinas throwing themselves at any Korean/western man. 
Check the thread. Every girl has 20 replies, the richest guy on the adopt a neet server was brutally ignored 100s of times. One of the black female mods had 100s of paypigs and even realized she doesn't even need to be adopted by an anon as a neet female. Some of you guys don't understand how privileged women are
What servers?
Most of them don't, the only one I see with that many is the 18yo UK virgin.
you dont brother start lifting
I already do that I want a virgin NEET gf.
this. now imagine not being able to provide ANYTHING besides sex, which girls hate, and you have my miserable experiences trying to find a girl just to have e-sex with
Normally i would say they don't exist but they do, it's just that all of them are very ugly. If a girl is average looking at MINIMUM, they are an automatic turbo normie. Good luck with your search.
i want an ewhore girl that would make money and i could stay at home and watch anime
If you can tell a female is female from the profile then shes a whore, just look for the ones that have masculine profiles
Might as well transition already you weak willed faggot.
You've more chance of catching a unicorn, even one of those stipulations would be difficult.
You should improve for yourself then move to SEA. The west is great for moneymaxxing but you're not finding a good gf or wife here
I'll settle for the virgin part if I have to. I doubt there is a shortage of female NEETs though, most women literally never do anything.
I'm eastern european, I have thought about going to central asia to find a wife before. Would I be considered wealthy in SEA? My job pays around 1.8 euro/month, although it fluctuates sometimes a bit less sometimes a lot more. Another problem is my job is blue collar and I doubt it would pay as well if I did the same job in SEA.
*1.8K euro a month I mean
moneymaxxing, in the absolute best case, is a scummy practice that's reviled by most normalfaggots under the age of 35 as oppressive because the woman is forced to rely on you.
in the worst case, which is more common nowadays, it's absolutely retarded because she can just leave you once she's legally entitled to some of your wealth. and there's no reason not to, since she's only dating you for it.
You make it seem like I would just marry literally anyone without getting to know them first. Also why wouldn't I just get a prenup?
then don't "moneymaxx" or fly to SEA or whatever the fuck, just get a girlfriend. adding the wealth disparity and greencard shit into the equation only means you'll get whores that lie to you for money.
I'm not married to the idea of moneymaxxing or whatever, the main goal is to get a virgin gf, if she happens to be a NEET then that's even better.
Something like 5% of women are still virgins past the age of 20, and most of them are virgins for good reason (monstrously obese, deformities, extreme mental illness, etc.)
The virgin shut-in NEET loser otaku girl does not exist, because the life conditions that create those sorts of people in the first place only exist for men.
Yes, that's middle-upper class in SEA.
MOVE TO SEA I SAID. DON'T BE AN IDIOT AND BRING BACK AN 8/10 FILIPINA TO THE WEST.
How rich is he? Why has he been ignored so much? Lmao
ERP accounts on Facebook are a lot of girls, focus on those accounts with K-pop idols as their avatar. My gf spends a lot of time in her alt account roleplaying lots of gay stuff. 
How to actually engage? I have no fucking idea, haven't done something like that, but there's plenty of shut-in girls there.
its okay wagie-kun, you just need to sigma-grindset mode harder, lift, and career max more. stay on your gisma male shit and listen to your favorite alpha males like andrew tate
then maybe one day you'll attract chad's used up cumsocks
Dude was some bearded ginger guy and the girls would rather move in with poorer chads than date him. He had a FAANG engineering job so probably made $400k a year +
