Is anybody else afraid to get drunk because they're worried they'll say some fucked up shit to the wrong person after years of browsing this godforsaken website?
Im afraid to get drunk because its the only thing that lets me socialize without any anxiety and enjoy living. My dad is an alcoholic and now Im slowly starting to understand why.
desu i try to delete all apps i can use to socialize from my phone beforehand so i dont do some stupid shit. i have spent two years on here jumping between different boards, and now if i get too comfortable i will talk to my old normie friends then i accidentally bring up something funny about the trannies ive met or send them racist baitposts, or something like that. noone with a regular life wants to hear that
the thing is you won't just say "nigger" randomly but you will try to explain certain correlations between IQ, crime and race and your explanations won't be as good as they sound in your head
got blackout drunk
ask my friends what happened
I ranted about math for an hour then passed out
Absolutely.
I'm also afraid that I'm gonna turn out to be an angry drunk. Angry drunks scare me.
I got a new contract working at an airfield and all the guys are burnout boomers who dont give a shit a politics, its basically like working at /pol I have complete immunity in saying whatever I want and they love it when I redpill them bc they think Im so mature and educated for my age when in reality its just russian propaganda from /pol lmao bruh
It's ABSOLUTELY THE REVERSE, bro.
I go out and get drunk and other people come up to ME and say shit that makes it clear they browse 4chan. Or have /pol/ style opinions.
I work in tech and the older white guys, and the Indian guys of all ages, cannot fucking WAIT to have a few beers with me and tell me how much they hate niggers and the poor. CANNOT WAIT.
You would think the Indian guys wouldn't be as racist, but most of the H-1B guys are higher caste or upper middle class in India, and they fucking HATE poor people.
"Why do you let poor people riot over this, this George Floyd thing? Why not shoot them all? Stupid fucking poor people. Fucking animals!"
t. every Indian guy in tech with two beers in him
