Why is everyone on /pol/ so evil?
Far-rightism is, unironically, a mental illness. Or, more correctly, a neurological aberration.
Don't know.
Never been there.
Go ask them.
not wanting to see your nations overrun by low-IQ third-worlders is literally a mental illness, according to these jewish sources that openly consider you to be non-human livestock goyim...
Eat the bugs.
Fuck the trannies.
they told me its ok for them to race mix because they are from 'superior stock' but for me it's forbidden because 'blacks are born of criminals' 
It dawned on me that most men just want to use whatever tactics they can to attempt to dominate other men and claim all women for themselvesns4pw
ruining your children's life because you can't contain your sexual urges is evil.
but cutting your dick off and claiming you're genderfluid otherkin is totally sane and normal!!!
You will NEVER pass, FREAK
evil
What do you think is evil about them?
Gee it's almost like some people are saying what they really want anonymously on the internet. Of course everyone wants to be universally loved by their preferred group of people and you don't have to put a filter on a mongolian cherry picking forum. Why don't you do the same, it's fun. Here, I'll start: "I wish I could fuck all trannies in the ass so hard they call me daddy, maybe when they sit around drenched in cum and crying from degradation, they'll stop thinking with their hormone imbalanced dicks and actually think about more than just sex. I think about sex all the time and it turned me into a bisexual pervert that can't talk to people correctly, so I don't sant them to go the same route." Captcha: Hn0nyw
Because no one likes them. Unironically.
They would tell you its the Jews fault, it's always the Jews.
broken branch grandparent cry
if x racemixes, society remains the same or improves
if y racemixes, society gets worse, violence increases, crime increases, neighbourhoods safety plummets
there is a reason why one of them is more acceptable than the other. the problem is not racemixing in the first place, the problem is just shitty races being allowed to continue being shitty. hence why asians racemixing with white people is not actually much of an issue at all for either of them. and also because it's not promoted and encouraged by all of your institutions and media 24/7, it becomes something people despise regardless of who is involved when that happens, big shock there
In OPs pic, what exactly are those 2 doing wrong? There is a wedding ring on that nig's finger. They're married. He doesn't look like a degenerate. He looks like an African immigrant who just wants to work his job and raise his family in peace. He has 3 young children. He's present. It's a complete, nuclear family. What are they doing wrong?
What if you're part of a shitty race but aren't a shitty person? Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
underage retards being edgy for the sake of edgy who take themselves seriously and fedposters feeding into that
not much else really
she's not with a white man, that's wrong to them.
