Half of my posts are just either me larping as an incel and posting black pill retardation or larping as a whore to make them seethe at the world. My dream is to be the reason why a moid kills himself and I hope my posts help push them further.
That's so cute. Thanks for sharing, cutie.
that's sad mean and not very angel like of you...
i hope you have a nice day
You have succeeded and I will kill myself in despair.
Shut up
Ok I dont care moids dont desevre kindness
I hope you dont
you should do a better job because its getting even more obvious that the majority of posts here are ragebait
I will continue to live on just to spite you, cuntoid.
You could easily make some faggot kill himself by getting close and playing emotional games, instead you just make shitposts that aren't any worse than the average on this shitty board. Not even trying.
And who is to say this isnt also a larp? Get a hobby dude
I tried that once and it only ended up with him getting on SSRIs and ruining his dick.
A lot of retards still fall for it especially if I post race bait
You'd be even cuter in my bed.
Doing what? Laying there not cumming while I pretend to tolerate you? Moids are only good for sex and even then they suck at it.
Ok maybe touch grass then desu
good job soldier
you have done a great job cleansing the weak from the world
As if your ragebait is any worse than the typical replies you get on 4chan. And you think they will make somebody rope? Are you really that fucking braindead?
I do this too as a moid and it's fun
The whole board sees worse on average each day. You're wasting your time. 
No one cares about your petty shit after watching a narco execution
i disagree with you but you will never see me insult a fellow shitposter regaurdless of their reasoning
keep shitting up this website sister, the sooner this site self canibalizes the sooner we can all leave this place.
Give me a chance to prove you wrong, honey.
You should work for those three letter agencies they'd make good use of your skills
I am sorry, but doing this wont make your dad untouch you
larp as an incel
leave thread
come back later
see incel post and reply calling him a retard
realize it was my own larp post
i can't even keep up with my retardation
