It's funny how blackpills don't even evoke an emotional response in me anymore. It's like I've been innoculated.
so glad I am my girlfriends first relationship
One of the most disgusting things about psychology as a discipline and psychologists as people is that they would tell this poster that they ALSO need to compromise and lie and pretend they are happy, despite what they heard. That in just the same way as the wife thinks about another man every day and lies and pretends she doesn't, the husband should think about this every day but then lie and pretend he doesn't. That is the essence of their discipline.
yet another reason to never get married.
no, i think most psychologists would encourage both of them to be honest about their feelings.
Why do you think this?
This is why you should only love yourself. You never truly know another person, 22 years and you were just a compromise lmao
ITT: Idiots that think everything on the internet is real
It's this culture, not the internet.
i might be wrong. what kind of psychologists have you been reading or hearing about? is it a certain school of thought or person?
a lot of psychologists i think work off of the principle that things need to be brought to the surface before they can be worked through in a healthy way. i've read less about families and couples, but i think it has a similar emphasis. compromise i think would come after they discuss their perspectives openly, which may or may not save a marriage that's seemingly already pretty miserable.
Im sure this guy convinced himself his wife was a virgin too until he heard her talk about another man being her first love and he could no longer continue being willfully ignorant.
yeah, female psychologists. they are low empathy as a result of being women, and incompetent as a result of being women.
seethe mald cope dilate touch grass and sneed
They do to me. I always have a good laugh at the poor saps who still think women aren't absolute garbage
I though they were more empathetic?
no, women have an empathy deficit with men. they have high ingroup bias for women so when hearing of a situation/conflict between a man or a woman they default to supporting the woman even when she's wrong, and female psychologists are not exempt from this extreme and constant bias.
The real blackpill is that even if she DID end up with her "first love", there's a good chance she'd still be dissatisfied with something and always wonder if it's the best she could get.
These 'people' can not be happy.
For them relationships are like a videogame where no matter how much you like it after 3k hours it just feels dull and you want to play something else.
this is cope. all women are psychosexually identical and are broken mentally by abusechad forever cognitively and emotionally widowed
FTFY
lel, newfags are funny
