I've been socially isolated my entire life. Everyone has always bullied me. Everyone has always hated me. I've never known the comfort of emotional or physical intimacy, and that makes me sad. I hate myself.
people are shit, disregard them and find your own happiness
If you don't know it then you don't even know what you're missing, so why worry
i love and feel you homie. the one bright side of never having known any emotional intimacy is you don't have any entanglements to prevent you from going off on any adventure you feel like you want to take a chance on
I've seen like 500 threads exactly like this. This website is full of cries for help being shouted out into the anonymous void.
In all honesty OP, I know that you are not really looking for advice from online strangers, you are just seeking to verbalize your pain and make yourself heard. But, that said, there is ONE piece of advice I want to give you, which is just go out and seek professional help.
Yes, I know it sounds cliche, stupid, pointless, whatever, but there is a reason why you rarely hear it here on 4chan (especially /r9k/). People who've actually went out and tried it and it worked for them only rarely come back here to tell about it.
It doesn't work for everyone, but brain pills do do wonders in like 60% of social anxiety cases. If combined with some sort of life-directing therapy, I think that percentage can go as high up as 80% or even 90%.
Take it from me. I went through a lot of the same shit a decade ago, and was even in a psych ward a couple of times. I've seen and heard a lot of cases. I myself AM one of those cases. I was a kissless, virgin, hyper-depressed hikkiNEET up until I was 24-25. But now I am 29, have a decent job, live on my own, have a loving girlfriend and a small circle of friends. Outside professional interventions WORK.
Humans aren't programmed for that. Being alone does not benefit you in any way.
I've tried professional help. All they did was put me on pills. I stopped taking the pills after I got a job, but now I still can't find any people to socialize with. Everywhere I go is either empty or nobody there is socializing. And whenever I try to talk to someone, it never goes anywhere and they scurry away.
I've been popular my entire life. Everyone has always included me. Everyone has always adored me. I've always known the comfort of emotional and physical intimacy, and that makes me happy. I hate myself.
Which pills? Escitalopram or some other pussyfoot first-order SSRI? First, you should not have stopped taking them. Second, it may not have been the right pills for you. Everyone's brain is different. Different drugs impact people in different ways. You should have gone back to your shrink and told him/her you still feel like shit. They would've tried something different.
In either case, you need some sort of social environment. That's where therapy (especially group therapy) can help. Either that or going back to college.
Nothing makes me feel better than seeing posts like this and then going out later tonight to meet up with girls and get drunk together, stay in your room locked in chastity jerking off to BBC while I fuck your sister or something haha
Nigganigganigganigganigganigganigganigganigganigganigganigga
Nobody Cares kys
I don't need pills anymore, I need friends.
I have a social environment, the issue is that no one else socializes except with people they already know. The issue is other people, not me.
Everyone I do see on a regular basis likes me, but that's it. They never invite me to anything, they just talk to me when they see me. And I've tried inviting them, but there's always an excuse.
You have my sympathy.
oh look it's the self pitying retard again. you have no introspective ability and you can only blame others like a normalfaggot.
