Downsides to marrige
You become a womans mental and physical punching bag that isnt allowed to say or do anything back or else she can just divorce rape you
Benefits of marrige
You need to do and give her everything she wants or else she will take even more by force with divorce
Benefits of marrige
She can just deny you sex and refuse to talk to you for months or even YEARS and you cant just break up and go fuck someone else because you're married so breaking up with her means she takes your house,she takes your bank account,she takes your dog etc. legally
Benefits of marrige
If she ever feels dissatisfied with your performance/even if you did everything right but she found a new better host to leech on she can file for divorce and not just leave you but also claim 50%+ of everything you have,all your pets and any children you had.+other additional monthly payments like alimony and child support.
Benefits of marrige
it doesnt prevent her from leaving you 50%(HALF) of all marriges still end in divorce 80%-90% of the time initiated by women it just prevents you from leaving her(without going homeless)
Benefits of marrige
Why would you ever get married.
I dont get it.
No reason to honestly, I don't plan to.
U only lose in marriage as a man
Marriage is a scam for men in 2023. The only reason it still happens is because women have so much power atm.
Based and agreed, robots shouldnt get married or have kids. Especially if they are white
Problem is that not getting married doesn't guarantee either nowadays anymore. Governments caught on people not marrying so living together with a woman, acting like a couple in front of the public, having children of course is essentially the same like you married her.
The fact that you can find places like this to play the victim says it all.
If you're a westernized non white guy it's even worse because not a single person even acknowledges this shit.
Non westernized ones often have it better because at least they get women from their cultures who might truly care about them
No woman westernized or not cares about you.
They just think men will bash their skulls open if they speak up so they bite their tongue and put on a fake smile while westernized women understand they can just play victim and cry if a man as much as screams at her and get him murdered so they actually say what they think and do what they trully want to do.
None.
And don't let any waman gaslight you into it.
Depends on if the location has common law marrage.
That said as soon as kids are involved you can very easily end up family court's bitch in basically any country with a family court system.
The meaning of life is family, and getting married grants your kids every statistical advantage in comparison being born as a fatherless bastard with no security
I'm sure what you described happens but I've seen couples that genuinely seem to care for each other.
There's women that want a partner who they can relate to, so that's absolute nonsense.
Lol I've seen my mother try to hit my father and then play the victim when he grabbed her wrists to stop her from hitting him. Apparently he grabbed them too hard, bitch almost fooled me for a second there.
Lost almost all my respect for her after that incident
I am willing to be convinced otherwise since I would love to work towards having kids in a stable happy family, but god damn are the laws bad.
I seen family members dragged through it. As soon as I became non-religious I saw literally no point whatsoever to getting married that could offset the cost and risk.
read Plato
Happy wife happy life.
Just keep her happy permanently and she wont make your life miserable.
Its that easy.
"It takes a village to raise a kid" is degenerate and sinister new age propaganda. I don't care if Plato said the same shit 2000 years ago. This is the mindset that causes men to become criminals, dropouts, failures and causes women to become prostitutes and drug addicts. They should be raised in a traditional two parent household to have a chance of being well adjusted individuals
Reminds me of a time I was sneaking around trying to get snacks in the middle of the night and catching my aunt and "uncle" sorta fighting.
She was annoyed at something he said and started smacking him while he smiled and laughed at her, then she smacked him hard and he gripped her up.
I stayed hidden because I was concerned and thought they were fighting for real.
Instead she said something like "you think you are a big man now, well show me then" and then he picked her up put her face first in the couch with her ass up and buried his face in her ass. Like full on motorboated that thing while smiling again.
Realized real quick it was a sex thing, and be being both 8 and not attracted to my aunt I just took it as a chance to sneak away to enjoy my stolen snacks and late night videogames with the volume turned almost all the way down. Still remember it being I found it pretty funny.
In an ideal world, a marriage is nothing but a lifetime of support and benefits for both partners, but unfortunately we do not live in an ideal world. How I sincerely wish this was an ideal world.
Nah
Proof this was actually written by a woman and not a incel falseflagging troll trying to make women look bad?
You are treating having kids as a given, why
What do you mean? Are you projecting your own genetic deadend-ness onto others?
Your argument is 
the meaning of life is family because kids needs family
when it would be better it if was
It's the same thing. The way I expressed it is brief and practical, the way you expressed it is wordy and autistic.
Lmao touch some actual grass before you even try to discuss real life topics.
