what am I supposed to say when some dude shows me a picture on his phone and says "look dude i'm banging this chick isn't she hot?"
Okie dokie
You say "you think you're special? you do. I can see it in your eyes. I can see it when you laugh at me, look down on me and walk around on me "
i hate this too about normies. >>73081987
this is sperging out and becoming an incel lolcow. what i actually do sometimes thats pisses them off is telling them "idk man i don't kiss and tell" sometimes you can add something about being an adult or thinking the attitude to be inmoral. basically larp as a kantian woke chatholic hybrid but always with superiority. it pisses them off so fucking much since they basically did it to seek validation. when they dont get the validation and actually feel treated like a manchild they really lose their shit. and worst thing about normie social relationships is that instead of hating you they will start to respect you as fuck and seek your further validation. they will try to demonstrate you that they dont usually do this that they too think normally this is not to be done but blablablablab.
remember, the worse you treat normies the more they will want your validation. you just dont have to make it obvious or act bitter
Anything but "me too" or "you too".
My least favourite thing about normalfags if You say she's ugly there's a high chance he'll break off with her. faggots in sheeps clothing
Ya me and my bro fucked her. Then high five
Start crying and yell "I CAN'T BELIEVE SHE'S DOING THIS TO ME AGAIN!" - then pull out your phone while storming out of your location screaming.
I'd probably say "Good for you." and show a thumbs up.
"nice bro shes hot" aint that hard just act a bit dumb
If it's a friend of yours, you always profusely affirm that she is super super SUPER hot. Especially if she is not.
He will be happier with her and will have a better relationship with her if he thinks that other people think she is really hot.
Well, they are like that. And you have to help your bro out, and use the way that people are in a way that will make him feel better about the girl he scored.
If he's not your friend, do the opposite. Make an "Ewwwwww" face or say something like, "Well...she's OK, I guess," or something like that. Fuck his relationship up.
thx
I just want to give a polite answer and change the topic quickly
Moids can't love unless other people think their partner is hot. Is that what you are admitting?
Dunno if its supposed to be some powermove if you are a noticeable loner but I think it is honestly kind of a sad thing to do. 
Dont think I every shown around my gfs pic unless very close people asked to see her.
1) A normie wouldn't hang out of a virgin loser to begin with.
2) If you treat them like that they will ignore you, never talk to you again and go to their other 20 friends.
You talk to people?
You have real life conversations?
You have friends?
Wtf feels like I'm the only real robot here.
you say "nice bro" and then try to guess her race
"She's alright, probably the best you'll be able to get"
*Shows a picture I AI generated* 
*Silently raise eyebrows up and down with a smug grin*
u welcome. but dont be polite to ppl who are trying to flex on you. no need to be agressive either, just be cold.
you sound like a failed normie. thats still a normie to me, failed or not. that or you have no idea at all, there's nothing normies want more than the validation or alternative people. in teenage years they try to bully because they see you as a menace. but then as an adult they want to take everything from you because they recognise the spark of genius in everyone that isnt normal. thats why is very important to never have normie friends if you are a fucking outcast genius, they'll imitate you while still being normal and take the oportunities out of your hands. i've been telling robots for months to stop trying to be normies, to embrace being alternative, act odd, find art that represents you and cultivate it instead of listening to the mainstream. all that, i repeat if you are not just a failed normie, if you are then your path is to get fit, looksmaxx etc
why dont you fucking start talking like that irl? no matter how you look you already realmog 85% of men. the only rules are, not directing hatred toward others and not seeming defeated or bitter.
then why even bother replying to him?
IDK. The last guy who did this to me just showed me South American hookers. It was depressing more than anything else.
There's a drunk juggalo on here today lol
Yeah bro you are so special and unique, find obscure music that nobody knows, don't listen to mainstream music even if you like how it sounds, you can't be like the rest, YOU ARE UNIQUE!, get a cool and unique haircut too, that will show the rest how unique and special you are.
nah you are not getting it and dont wanna get it so whatever. im not saying its a solution im just saying what my views are. our lifes are nor normative so we should look for artistic correspondences of such conditions
if you think she's hot say that. uif yu think shes ugly say "idk im more into [whatever girls you're into] kind of girls
You're supposed to analyze your life and figure out how you ended up in a conversation like that.
