day 139 of manifesting cute gf that has cool interests
I think it is day 3 of manifesting my ideal person, I missed a few days sorry.
No worries anon. How have you been?
I am considering whether I could just will myself to be happy or not, and whether or not I should try. What about you?
I've had a variety of feelings. Moments of confidence and optimism to being lazy and escaping reality. I wanted to ask a girl out to prom but no good opportunity has arisen. I expect failure but I just want to ask for the experience of doing such.
prom? Are you in highschool or something? I dont think it would matter in the long run even if they mocked you they will forget, normalfags have short memories.
I am a highschool senior. That is probably how it will be.
OP is a normalfag and had a gf before and has friends.
Have you made any progress?
Good evening OP.
Question: what media have you been watching lately?
Anon why am I normalfag? I may have had a gf but that was online and lasted 2 days. I have some friends but its not like I connect perfectly with all of them.
Good evening anon.
As of lately I have been reading lots of manga and listening to lots of music. I've finished reading investor z and been keeping up with FX Senshi Kurumi-chan. For music I've stopped branching out for the time being other than listening to p model. I've been listening to the kessoku bando, and some vocaloid.
What media have you been consuming lately?
why am I normalfag?
Because you can find a gf easily and you've already had a gf.
Nothing I can think of lol. Very disappointing answer. I will probably be upping media consumption with the free time I have now. Can't wait to get started on some visual novels and anime :D
You can't just wait for opportunity to come anon, that's how you end up lying in bed years down the line wondering where the years went. Ask her if you want to go with her, even if you're pretty sure she'll say no. The satisfaction you'll get from knowing you asked lasts forever, and is worth the temporary pain of rejection
How can I find gf easily? I don't think having a online gf for 2 days is meaningful.
Is there any in particular that you are planning to watch or read?
Thanks anon. My time is ticking. It was planned for today but there was no time to talk. I suppose I will figure a way to be able to talk with her and then tell her.
How can I find gf easily?
Use dating apps like I've said before.
I can't think of anything off the top of my head. I have a lot of visual novels... lol maybe I'll tell you about it later if you're still awake.
When college starts back up again, maybe I'll talk to some girls or something, idk. Join some clubs, be more social, actually try to maintain friendships I make... damn, just listing all of these things out is tiring me. The social game is a lot of work.
Eww, no thanks. I haven't heard many good things about those
Well they're worthless if you're ugly, but OP isn't as he's said before.
True. Though I would be concerned if all he found were just people wanting to fuck.
That's what happens when women use dating apps, not men.
Oh right, most men just don't get anything at all! What happens to the handsome people on there who don't want to fuck, though? Do they actually get longterm gfs?
Pump and dump sluts and/or find gf's and delete the app.
I'll try it over summer, but I feel it is unlikely to lead to a meangingful relationship and will make me feel worse about my self.
Perhaps later then. Is there any games you've been planning to play?
Sounds about right, then. Still, I don't think I'm desperate enough to start using a dating app yet. I know I wasn't the one you were talking to when you sprung that suggestion though lol
I really don't want to be gaming too much, as I easily spend too much time on it, but maybe I'll pirate something that catches my fancy.
Someone wants to interact with me but I really dont think they are them. It hurts. But other than that life is just going forward normally. What about you?
It sounds cliche, but that is still pretty young. I wont harp on it though. 
I wouldnt engage with them they call everyone that they just want to be mean.
but I really dont think they are them. It hurts.
What do you mean by this?
I haven't made much progress at all in terms of getting an /r9k/ gf. It's a tough environment here.
I want my ideal person, if they arent them I wont waste time.
are the prom dances cringe or ok? two girls asked me to dance, but I didn't go because of gay dances and songs
Not Tranny-kun but I think you're a cyborg, maybe a failed normie at best IMO. But you're still young and if what you've mentioned before is true then you have potential. So I think you could turn it around to being a regular normie with time!! But remember... potential can go to waste. So make sure you make good use of it!!
catch up on touhou games before touhou 19 comes out
