Grown men when there is thread drama (every thread) edition
laurel dreams of Shut in Chad.
23 years old and she doesn't look a day over 19.
time is ticking
He gets so upset about /britfeel/ posts that he makes a /britfeel/ thread, you simply love to see it
nonce edition?
*Cheifs kiss*
*uncle lollers incomong*
Barclays de lid.
It's all on for freeeee.
Takeaways coming on strong.
It's gonna get womfy.
44 years at ASDA and all she got was a cake, flowers and a balloon. Grim. Fuck slaving. Those gifts weren't even from the company but the staff.
Thats your future when your mum and dad kick you out
He doesn't still li e with his mum and dad does he?
flake cakes are pretty good desu
rather be homeless bum desu than slave away in a supermarket all my life. sure she enjoyed it though.
Absolutely sickening bullshit the gold-digging gf has been pulling again
Checked the client after getting up and first thing i see is that she's deleted the entire chat history from before (which i've saved in advance incrementally, since i knew she'd pull something like this)
Also essentially ignored the deadline i gave her, which is why i've canceled the other appointment
The rest of it was basically the usual predictable gold-digger nagging, so i've thrown the gauntlet down for a second time and told her to cut it the fuck out if she wants the relationshit to continue and what have you
I've really done absolutely everything i could to try and save this now (including pointing out the psychology on why her subconscious is driving her to trash the whole thing), here's hoping the bitch makes up her mind for good soon rather than wasting both of our time with this sickening bullshit she keeps pulling out of the blue. Fuck women kek
vouchers and a silk tie
He's got a point. Does he work? He does go out filming a lot during weekdays. Where is he getting the money from?
Based ACS has got it right
On the pallets 60 years he was. When he retired all he got was a silk tie and some vouchers.
A dosser with no direction in life. Troubled man. Hope he learns from this.
https://youtu.be/THzklXccsIk?t=7628 [Embed]
What should they have got her? She looks like a retard, that's all she deserves for spending 44 years working minimum wage.
A 400 quid payout. 100 quid bonus every ten years sounds fair.
Tell me your middle class without telling me your middle class.
i shop at lidl me x
She will never look like this again.
Sainsburys and Morrisonsfor the bakery.
Job interviewington tomorrow corr
Gold-digging was like i should only buy the tickets if i get this position and i essentially (very subtly) told her to screw herself
The fucking chutzpah of this woman kek
*Gold-digging gf
Corr need some waffeine stat me
She's definitely up now for some reason. Probably laying in bed on her flagship iphone.
are wampson and chiplid free yet?
Why do girls turn into nasty little gremlins when they reach their mid twenties?
Sad the blotter hasn't been updated in nearly three years. 4chan is past its prime.
her bf is so lucky. do you reckon they do it protected or she uses birth control?
I reckon she makes him spaff his white goo into the Iatex sheathe where it belongs. Only real Chads get to go raw.
Yup. Incel sperm. In the trash it goes.
If only more women walked about after midnight.
Yeah especially in dark alleys and out of the way parks
Ooh lovely. Run up to them with my hood up. Then walk past calmly.
One thing i really don't get either is why she keeps sending me these unflattering pictures/close-ups of herself too 
All she does by doing this is to advertise the fact that she's already hitting the wall very hard in her early 30's (as is par for the course for her ethnicity)
5-10 years from now she'll have NO sexual market value left to speak of whatsoever, kek
It'd be stupid as shit of her to trash our whole thing, but then again she's a woman so she's probably incapable of reflecting on this in the first place
Garn ingest some brekkie and a couple supplementingtonshires in a wee bit
The Chad cambacker.
https://youtu.be/BXN4WkDXq-s?t=778 [Embed]
The flying chadphone.
It boggles the mind that AWALT and that ALL women are fucking gold-diggers who will monkeybranch/divorce-rape you at their earliest convenience
It's impossible to receive genuine love from a woman, more and more men are realizing this too at this point
Page eight? Not today
going monk mode, me. know where i stand now
Fockin ell proper good brekkieberg this was
This AI-enhanced footage looks uncanny as fuck
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
YOU FAT FUCK YOU HAVE BEEN ORDERING IN PIZZA 24/7 THIS LAST MONTH. GET OFF YOUR FUCKING ASS!
Who's been chatting nonsense about my asmr babes again?
AI enhanced soundmong posts
AI enhanced hhl posts
Got my 2nd wage packet today: total amount in the bank: 2637 squids. Decent enough for 2 months of mostly piddling about while WFH
AI enhanced muffs
AI enhanced wokey
AI enhanced broadbridge
AI enhanced golddiggers
AI enhanced spackertrays
Great
This is the kind of 6/10 bird i'm always aiming for; Not pretty but still shaggable
Sure i'm dating down this way but at least it makes it less likely for her to monkeybranch on me down the line
Even so it's not a guarantee, they WILL try to do so since it's part of their femoid whore biology
Just ripped a fartingtonhamshire-on-flatulenceberg me
coooor not half tired i am
Eggless foid.
its just started to rain heavily
It's almost as if )))they((( were the good guys
Proper fashy this
just took a huge shit now im late for work
This footage didn't turn out as nice unfortunately
There's my nigga Mussert and his gang
Good stuff really
Can't be bothered with going to work today
Credit screen after Ukraine wins the war
https://i.4cdn.org/wsg/1681443992337717.webm
if I was a gold digging woman I would definitely target an unemployed benefits scrounger
britbros, what's it like having castles everywhere? What's it like being able to cross your entire country in a few hours? What's it like growing up in the same hamlet as wordsworth or milton? Are there niggers everywhere?
Need to start distilling and structuring me wa'ah i fink
/gold-digging/i:op:no;boards:r9k
73086702
Put your semen under a microscope
Seriously though get a load of this shit
Like, are you fucking shitting me right now?
You just put up the biggest kind of ginormous red flag possible with this one. And then still has the chutzpah to claim she's not a gold-digger at the same time, fucking lmfao
73086725
Put your semen under a microscope please
me farts stink de lids
O i am laffin
73086750
Go back to /deutsch/
if a post is instantly hidden, how does he know it exists?
Just wait until the granner hears about this gold-digger's chutzpah
Good luck ever getting a table at the Stolpereck again, goy
Would love to be FBRs landlord. Roll the dice and put the heating on that temperature for a few hours
how do i WFH lads
getting really tired of being a neet but i dont want to commute anywhere
you probably won't get a full 5 day working from home one unless you work for yourself or have more experience
thats ok i just wanna know what the path normally is, should i try and go into IT? i just wanna be womfy
IT is the easiest way, but generally you have to have some level of competence to get full WFH, and there's no shortage of helpdesk spackers with no work ethic to hire and fire for chump change. So my advice is to get a job in IT, work in it for ten years and then you might get the freedom to work from home when you want to.
Garn lie down for 15 or sommet
way too much effort. rather keep my freedom.
what are you brits doing at this fine hour of day
im at work de lad, taking it easy today, mostly browse 4chan
browsing while at work is ultra comfy, i salute you anon. full disclosure im a yank but i was issued a britfeel passport some time ago, im sure it's expired by now
Abood vouched for you. You're all good.
Is Abood the immigration officer round these parts? In any event, thank you for processing my renewal so quickly.
public sector
Worried about him lads
Need an AI enhanced /britfeel/ asap
assuming i had the money to pay for lodging how long would i be able to stay in the UK before being deported back to burgerland? a couple months?
dun his bollocks in big tine
AI is a gimmick
AI enhanced gooning
AI enhanced SSM
The babby men have discovered a new phrase to spam as they clap their fat greasy hands in delight.
AI enhanced gimmicks
AI enhanced babby men
300 cans of Omega
and you are here to read every single post lol
if you went out in public, which would annoy you more
a tourist
or
If you cared that much you'd get your mum to drive you to his hovel so you could check on him
unlikely
AI enhanced tinnies
I wonder what AY is doing right now
Worried about AY
AI enhanced AY
gonna pop down to tescos for a lager lads (im a brit)
https://youtu.be/pnMrOzn-JoE?t=46 [Embed]
why do foreigners need to make i so accented
its not i at the beginning its a slow i
or like when brits do the extra sharp with consontants and the enDDDD
always grates my ears
im only half joking, it kinda pisses me off randomly
mihAI enhanced foreigners
i wish you guys had quelled the revolution, i'd probably be a colonial true but maybe i'd have a british accent and a partner in life
SSM spending his cost of living payment in paddy power
*giggles uncontrollably in the queue at sainsbury*
good morning hotel roastie
7 months 1 week 2 days 18 hours 14 minutes 10 seconds without bookies i'll have you know
He's 'working' aka job centre mandated volunteering Mon-Wed this week.
I R not her.
Abood is ruthmongs bitter rival.
I wonder if FBR has CMV-negative sperm, maybe he can be paired up with hotel roastie
Your name?, if it's the same as your name in here, I'd pronounce it mehigh.
BN cracking out the drivel around the clock now. The economic downturn is really hitting marketing budgets
Not comfy times at all lads.
Swannykins has clocked in for his full day on 4Chan. He'll be bouncing between here and /brit/ all day.
Who's revolution?
Get a pack of cards and play solitaire.
Personality drivel ramping up now, I'm anticipating a soijak deployment within the hour
Excellent way of forcing yourself to write the dissertation though. Less distraction.
Which do you think? The American Revolution of course
Your ancestors could have jumped ship and joined the Brits. We can't accept all blame.
Quick smoke, then it's garden activity time.
Songnotrel
https://youtu.be/t7HNUVCv_X0 [Embed]
Another fully day of soijak and personality spam for the Gregster
I think it might actually be cock flavoured. It doesn't say 1 pot cock curry.
No French on the packet either, so it's not coq.
Corrrr life's just a bit bloody pointless without drugs isn't it. Lucky I have drugs, think I'll probably do drugs. Yep, that's that decided.
Corr, drugs, amarite.
Some 'people' ITT live vicariously through him. Same losers who do the same with auditors.
In 1943, wartime vehicle restrictions forbid personal cars on the road, so Hofmann had no choice but to get home on two wheels - though he had, luckily, asked his assistant to escort him home. During the infamous bicycle ride, Hofmann really tapped into the psychic effects of the drug. His assistant said they traveled home safely and at a rapid rate, and Hofmann recanted the event in great detail in his book. "Kaleidoscopic, fantastic images surged in on me, alternating, variegated, opening and then closing themselves in circles and spirals, exploding in colored fountains, rearranging and hybridizing themselves in constant flux," he wrote. "It was particularly remarkable how every acoustic perception, such as the sound of a door handle or a passing automobile, became transformed into optical perceptions. Every sound generated a vividly changing image, with its own consistent form and color."
once showered on lsd, so yes, the drugs
Ghost of smirnoff, if you are here give us a sign of life will you lad
I saw a fruit fly earlier.
Free AY with immediate effect
What a sad angry little man, I can't wait for the other audit mongs to get nicked too.
I wonder if the prominent trolls on britfeel use twitter. By buying twitter blue for 10 dollars a month you can piss everyone off just by replying to famous peoples tweets and let people seethe
All the high profile celebrities stating they will not buy twitter blue were given blue ticks by Elons command to troll them, when they replied by saying they did not buy it themselves to signal theyre not supporting twitter Elon replied with this. He trolled them good
We'll see how quickly the non-conformists get a blue tick when they realise nobody sees their tweets anymore.
It's the same old story. All the twitter snowflakes see the blue tick as the holiest grail in the world. Work hard to get a low tier journalism job or something of that nature just so they can get a verified tick for being a nobody so they can feel important, now all of a sudden the playing field is levelled and theyre crying that anyone can be 'important'.
Elon is autistic so he sees straight through this status dance and tells everyone to fuck off and pay for it
ill be shagging later today
same, what time is your lad coming over?
AI enhanced shagging
ill be gooning later today
Al enhanced gooning
Got a FWB lad coming over to my house this evening. We will be dressing up in womens clothes and wanking each other off
Sickening bullshit
moving back to england next week, been away for two years
No passion for anything anymore, maybe its an age thing
Where have you been m80
Time for dinner.
I've finished the first part of the garden activities, picrel gathered tubs. I need to drill some drainage holes in some, then it's compost time.
Ireland, county Galway, nice people so im not looking forward to the souther tossers im gonna have to deal with anyways, might move to leeds later on anyways
I would've been howling if I was walking past
Incredible really
Just the usual shit i'm having to deal with
i spent hours getting horny and frustrated again
i made myself cum from anal again after not putting anything in my ass for over a year 
so annoying
i wish i liked music properly rather than just using it as background noise.
even where i've listened to a band's entire discography, i'd never think of wearing one of their t-shirts, let alone going to a live concert.
What sickening bullshit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WeSH_gN8PQ [Embed]
God fuck women really
ALL she's had to do was to NOT sabotage the whole thing and NOT fuck around endlessly, and to actually INTERNALIZE and RESPOND to what i was telling her
I tried to be hyper-rational, hyper-logical and EXTREMELY constructive about the whole thing, and she still took a big ol' fat dump across all of it anyways. Just for the sake of it apparently, kek. 
Swear to fuck if she makes this one crash and burn i'm absolutely fucking done with relationshits and will become a fuckboi
Women are SO fucking cowardly, kek
"Hurr i need more time"
What the FUCK is this supposed to mean bitch? 
I gave you four full fucking days already, and you still haven't made up your mind on whether you want this to continue or not? What the fuck is wrong with you?
no way this isnt a larp now
Take this tip for a top shagger: women are not rational and don't often respond well to having their emotions questioned and 'overruled' by logic, no matter how common sense it seems to us.
To manipulate a woman you have to play them at their own game and tap into their emotions.
This next call (if she even picks up that is) will be the make-or-break one for sure
Gonna force her hand on this for sure now, because i will NOT end the relationshit. She's the one who will have to kill it by pulling the trigger, not me (i don't want to either tbf).
Nice tubs lad, what's the veg plan? My runners aren't doing as well as I'd hoped but there's still time for them to make a dramatic turnaround. The kale and broc seem to be growing in nicely, but will be months before I see any return on them
Your willy?
Hyper-drivel hour.
I will likely, but not definitely
i hate how frustrating it is trying to make myself cum from anal
wish i could just relax and let someone else do the hard work 
like i just want to get my ass pounded fast and hard for once with a proper cock instead of a tiny toy
*raises tinny*
bit early for a tinny lad
Potatoes in the 3 recycling tubs and 2 big clear tubs, onions and carrots in a narrow tub and some of the square pots, swiss chard and some lettuce, and some french beans in the bigger flower pots, and I have some beetroot.
AI enhanced potatoes
Soundy, why does the bitch want to break-shire up-pington with you?
what a fucken complicated lass she is
do your first draft on paper.
Absolutely sicking bullshit aint it
Worried about him lads
its fooken ridiculous but i wanna know why you think shes behaving like such a posh lass
Is this soundmong or another schitzo poster?
been on them since 12 lid
be nice to him you fucking cockgobbler, ill bash yer 'ead in
hes had it hard enough alright
He gone now de leed. 
At least we have Aiden now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoGZl6ZBLHA [Embed]
i am sorry to hear that
300 Charlies for me my leeeeeds.
Takeaway coming on fucking strong.
I got my new Timberlands coming. Timberlands for mee my lads. I'm sweating. Oh yea. I got that 25 can of San Miguel crate, I got that special fried beef, I got that glenmorangie whisky, I'm living it large aren't I? Comfy times for me my leeed. Full Kebab coming to my house dee lads with all the trimmings me laaad is that alright with you de lads? I hope it is.
Is that image AI generated?
thanks for the sympathy lad but its my life and it keeps me happyish, well stops me from getting sadder at least
about to make myself a cuppa of earl grey
how are my /britfeel/ lads enjoying their cuppa?
cream and sugar, or what?
blue lid milk and 1 sugar please lad
wo'ah jus 'ea-ed up, lad
Who /slaps/ here?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbM4LZoWYCg [Embed]
Was snowing this morning then raining now it's just wet and cold.
I have watched some, funny stuff.
and that was the britfeel weather forecast, over to anon with the sports
Somebody was kicking a ball earlier.
They've stopped now.
Over to simon for the traffic update.
I'd call it either brutal or vile, like a care crash you can't look away from
there's traffic there's traffic there's traffic there's traffic succotash succotash win some cash
They are gay boxers. Thlapfest.
how is precum so fucking delicious
why does precum need to taste so good? what evolutionary reason is there for it to taste that way
lads
the old hag in the nielsen tapes documentary said never to go to london, as its such a "cruel and horrible place"
is that true?
I heard the same thing, so I've never been.
Just licked my gfs fanny while she was on a work call lmao
what a skank she is
Time to start garden activities part 2.
You don't know the half of it corr
Nah he was live streaming himself sunbathing even though it was overcast. Of course he was drunk kek
Who is this delightful twink
It's cocksucker#84
Good lad, I've never really gone in much for root vegetables as they're so cheap, and my beds aren't really suitable for growing pots or carrots. I go for more of the legume and squash types.
Is this AI powered ssm-posting?
London isn't the type of place you can enjoy as an outsider, I used to know London people so have been to a few inside London parties and get togethers. If you're a tourist you'll quickly be spotted, it's difficult to wriggle into the seamy, seedy underbelly. But when you do it sure is good.
Potatoes grow good in recycling tubs.
I'll do carrots beetroot and onions, and put them close together. Apparently there's a carrot fly that sniffs out the roots, and putting them with(/hoping near) onions, masks the smell.
Watching season 4 of YOU doesn't make you an expert on London
I don't pretend to be an expert on London, I've only dribbled in a few times. I'm more of a Brighton guy.
Watching any good shows?
Prefer Brighton &amp; Hove Albion
wheres soundfriend?
i miss him dearly
Severely fucking myself over by organising several troubleshooting calls back to back tomorrow morning. I am the king of making bad work decisions.
Don't pretend you know about football you silly boy.
also one my fav videos..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8kPzINTJWg [Embed] 
id get an hd dvd
everyone was a fan of blu ray..
except me x
I've found Pakistanis and whites/blacks engage with football differently
Saw a video a while back where SSM said he bought a new TV from a shop and they automatically passed on his details to TV Licensing. Is that common practice? I want to buy a new TV from Amazon and I'm wondering if they'll tell TV Licensing too
Bought a TV off Amazon myself 2/3 years ago and don't recall anything like this happening, it was just like any other order.
And you don't have a TV licence? I'm probably just being paranoid
I think I had one at the time but I don't see any reason it'd trigger a check. Do you think they're monitoring all of your amazon purchases?
You are fine. You dont need a TV license to own a TV. theyre just pushing people to get one out of the gate. You can say no thankyou and move on.
You dont need a TV license to own a TV. A TV license is for if you watch live programming. You can say youre not using the TV to watch BBC/live material. You could be using it as a PC monitor. 
Because youre not legally required to have a TV license when purchasing a TV I dont see how they can make you get one.
Don't try to racebait you silly boy.
It's just that I cancelled my TV license about 2 years ago and they hassled me for well over a year with letters threats of visits. I don't want the fuckers hassling me again
Who cares. They dont mean shit. If you ignore them nothing happens. It preys on gullible people who might get scared. If you ignore them nothing happens.
just like him
unfortunately
Seem to have gotten range banned on /int/ and /b/ despite not posting there, which is curious. This ever happen to you lads? It's no great loss like
Was in bed with the gf earlier and fancied playing with her bollocks. The feel is nice but the sweatiness is just such a turn off desu
No but I can see anons constantly shitposting and getting banned on blueboards on my mobile data range
Mods will probably put another 3 month range ban on soon...sigh
Abood planting his paki seed inside Ruth's tuppence
Put my penis in a woman's tuppence today
You're not quite as bad as Greg Lansky, he actually put millions of his own money into it, but you're not far off mentally
I creampied my wife this morning
Where is soundlad today?
You and the rest of the town
My wife is loyal. She wouldn't cheat on me
I'm glad that having started off as a well-below-average incel, I'm now above average sexually
Fockin ell me laddies, the entire relationshit ALMOST went belly-up earlier, it was *this* fucking close to burning up really... But i've refused to pull the trigger, which has paid off in the end there
The gf also asking me again whether i'm ready to move to her cunt ""forever"" and live with her there (she's still living with her parents after all and doesn't pay any rent) and i was like "yeah sure, whatever floats your boat". 
Course this is kinda lowkey easier said than done, and i'm not sure this would be a feasible arrangement all things considered; Maybe if she actually gets preggers, otherwise i'm not really saying the payoff here... 
Gonna have to figure out some sort o' compromise here for sure until [redacted]. 
Also said that she's impressed about how "i'm the first man that actually wants to go all-in with her" (little surprise there i suppose considering the type of shit she's pulling, i myself am drawn to fucked-up intelligent women thoughbeit) and shit, which is the first genuine green flag i've gotten from her in some time - One that was sorely needed too. 
Cum the weekend i'll (probably) know for sure when and where the next meetup's going to be, if she's still playing ball by then that is and her period doesn't fuck up her mood or what have you heh
Imagine paying for a TV licence in current year lmao
Quick reminder:
You're not entitled to sex.
Women don't owe you anything.
*seeing the payoff
ckin ell i'm not even proofreading right now am i
AVE VIVE SIEG SLAVA
Create true global unions and true European unions. Unite everyone for progress and utopia and divinity.
Be warned by what happened to South Africa, Paris, Palestine, and Rhodesia.
Lets have a billion more British babies born this decade. Note how China can do anything via its population.
Destroy demoralization forces. Destroy negativity.
All positives forces require positivity.
Every victory requires positivity/love.
It is important to create more chans and continuously develop the internet 
Also end false dichotomy 
Be a liberal-conservative progressive-populist libertarian-nazi-commie moderate-anarchist radical-centrist utopian-accelerationist etc
Palestine never voted to leave Britain and the captain of the Hindenburg insisted that it was sabotaged.
Always trust your feelings
The lack of global truest utopia implies something
Flood the world and universe with eternal baby boom 
Also reminder that the French incinerated blackrock 
Help the French
No he's not. She just attracts a lot of middle east followers for some reason. She's not a racist.
Just finished 28 days later. 
Good film, good soundtrack.
Nice larp chubby larper
28 Weeks Later next my leed
Today was a good day. The sun was shining, got some important jobs I'd been putting off done, and helped a few beautiful young women at work as well. Life is good.
best of luck to you, soundlad
Moving to Ukraine?
Another takeaway for mee my lad courtesy of the Rishibux granted to me by the Spring Cost of Living Payment.
Ciderz flowing, Pizza wizza toasting, trolls are fucking roasting.
It's pure LUSH here and when I mean lush I mean it's absolutely fucking lush
Chinky-winky for meee my lads. Chicken balls x8, sweet and sour sauce, special fried rice, Szechuan pork, oyster fried beef, prawn crackers and sticky ribs for me if that's alright with you de lads?
No washing up for me tonight de lads its all coming on strong.
My work IP is rangebanned for some reason, I do work for an IT service provider so one of the helpdesk retards was probably spamming on their lunch. It's a friendly reminder when I'm shitposting at work to hop onto 4g
Alri lads
Me? I'm making mackerel and new potato salad for dinnerberg
We all trying to be healthier in life
I hope all the sound lads are happy and smiling
Aaand she's already trying to start up w/the conditionalities again, kek
Shot her down right away and told her to cut it the fuck out
My bitch either gives me this sign of good faith now or she won't get what she wants from me
Boggles the mind eh sounddickhead
73091015
Dont give up on impregnating her after 2 months
Fuxsake, you sage one (1) thread in outer9k while phoneposting and it's stuck there forever
you didn't even put it in the right field
My Cost of Living Payment will be going on an escort.
He's got good taste, I think I still have my VHS of this lying around somewhere. Luv' me Spider.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6OWmSwFFNI [Embed]
It goes in every field lad, you're not new are you?
Fuuuuck, come outside! This was so comfy.
She and Pippin both gone now... dude this is sad.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnuVjMtiLVI [Embed]
Hahahah! The bloke on the right looks just like my mate Gabriel, I'd send this to him if I wasn't bothered by the inevitable the follow up questions.
It was a joke little lid
Fuckin hell lad, that image just flipped a synapse in my brain that hasn't been activated in decades. 
You're a good lad lad, next tinny is for you
Most beautiful Latina ever
can't stop laughing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYT7SeUWTuo [Embed]
She looks like she's in her 40s.
Dont want to see this on my computer screen thanks
Get in there leed 
Gonna have a wank to her in 5
Nice one enjoy she is just so fucking thicc and feminine, but also strong-looking. Just an impressive woman overall.
TLA at HMP Wandsworth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmPjmJzW0Ok [Embed]
It has that Godspeed You Black Emperor song doesn't it? I didn't think much of the film but I liked that scene
*grabs anon by the arm*
Shall we have an boogie?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjsokiV6Nfo [Embed]
i miss footlad
Comfy in bed with the moggy
Love me cat
cat nonce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DR6bax7Hlp8 [Embed]
Nothing better than cuddling with your cat. Post a picture laddo
Was just thinking about him and lollers. They have abandoned us ;_;
World snooker championship
Love me cat
From that thumbnail, I can deduce, that the fellow on the right of the image has broken out into an impromptu rap.
nice foot lid
that's a terrible picture. here's mine
For me, it's a tin of fruit cocktail
Lovely little cat that. Tortoiseshells are nice
Very cute cat m8
I didn't want to use flash and disturb her. Dark pictures is all I can get
Farts 
Bum
Impromptu caturday.
You don't fuck with snarf.
Love me tortie. She's nuts but always keeps me entertained
Thanks lad. Comfort of your cat is more important of course
Poo poo farty poo
lol caturday hijack
Soggy moggy looks angry
Filenamerel, me ow.
He's still upset about someone not liking Elon Musk yesterday
Lovely!
When adverts for tampons go on about absorbing piss and that, what does it actually mean?
Can women's fannys get so loose they start wetting themselves or something?
She was miffed, it was just after Mt fren threw the settee chairs and tarp she was living under.
I'm putting together a house she may or may not live in.
Here she is with alfonse the terrible. He just barges in for food, hence the name.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FGid6wRlcw [Embed]
what the hell is happening to the modern man?
https://youtu.be/wquCCFvbNhI [Embed]
Lewd af
https://youtu.be/Kq4OtRsdXls [Embed]
It lovely.
Welp, suppose I'm off forra wank. Bloddy segzy trompters.
Last 1, so it a good un.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBgWVI8eSic [Embed]
I lied.
Now it's the last 1.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RB9Doq9gPA [Embed]
Lids, how do I get the crackheads to stop screaming?
Check'd and I don't think they stop'd.
CBT tomorrow. 
I'm sure the therapist said get drunk and droog'd up the night before. Seems a bit suspect, but she's the professional.
Butt what happened to chika, did he actually sink?
posts in brit now
https://youtu.be/9Eont_yEGZs [Embed]
Fellas I'm definitely a heterosexual but I do sure love this musical schmigadoon. Season 2 is airing at the moment and I'd forgotten about it for such a long time, but now I'm pulled back in. Think I might have to go and pick up my gay card. This song is fuckin excellent 
https://youtu.be/_PmS5JIfSkk [Embed]
So he did sink.
Fuck me got an awful flu, just came out of nowhere this morning and has gotten progressively worse.
Seems a lot of posters followed that anon that kept saying /brit/ was better, so...
Business idea: I'm going to post my bank account details.
Retro games are comfy, bro
https://youtu.be/wnkEace3rb4?t=77 [Embed]
for the chance that might be the most impactful moment--
doctor, you have your money
Let me guess, he's not sat on 4chan posting about race at neet hours so he's not a 'real man'.
luv' R spider.
Just (you)'d meself. Knobhead...
Refer to >>73092718
Sorry for spamming the thread.
Something in the fridge fucking reeks. Gotta be one of the worst smells ever
R
e
d
d
i
t
s
a
c
i
n
g
i
s
w
o
r
s
e
.
Box room dwellers think that doing anything other than reading racial crime statistics and seething about trannies is "degenerate"
What sad little lives they lead.
I don't really see what's so upsetting about it to be honest
Episode 12: C-Rocker - The children place a leather jacket, shades and DMs on a plush crockadile that through the power of imagination comes to life and joins their rock and roll band.
kino.
Filter me then lid, been saying that for about a year. I don't spam the thread with troons or one line silly posts. I don't like taking up the numbers if I don't need to. Simpow as. You know the gimmick by now.
peekrel
You're not that annoying.
The aliens in Contact do this by transmitting the signal at a very special frequency that wouldn't occur naturally. This frequency, 4.4623 GHz is described as "hydrogen times pi (_)." The hydrogen line, which is a common observation in radio astronomy, is the frequency at which hydrogen atoms, the most abundant substance in space, emit radio waves (1420.40575 MHz). While there aren't a lot of loose hydrogen atoms in space (about one per cubic centimeter of interstellar space) space is vast. So, the collection of all those individual atoms makes for a powerful signal that can be easily detected by small radio telescopes.
hydrogen times pi...... x
Thanks, I was looking at that and trying to figure that out.
Anyway here's the episode, it bangs. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynlr4vTu5uA [Embed]
Ta, we can all get along in this world.tu0t8
Post the chatlogs
Me? I'm not degenerate. HHL on the other hand...
Doc Martens you silly sausage, watch the thing, it's less that 5 minutes (starts at 0:45).
Are you saying you're HHL?
Old britfeel joke dont worry about it newfriend
Nufren bants.
He's not too bad forra newfag.
Ta, used to browse for years but never really get into the narratives or character, just post the occasional "CCoOoOOOOOOoooooOoRrRR" and go back to a different board.
Ta, lad. Not trying to be some sort of icon, just trying to have fun on the internet.
Had a few wokkles tonight. Having some VK now then will probably finish off me weers. Wempted to order a webab wrap in.
Yeah why not you miserable little prick
I have finished a hellish day at work, got a new gundam model in the mail, and i need to go to bed because i'm up early for work again tomorrow.
Wish i had a cute lad dressed as a girl to cuddle with
Didn't get a single number on tonight's euromillions draw. It not right what happen.
Necking this VK now de lids. Fuck it garn order a webab me. Can't stay up too late got a haircut appointmnet in the morning.
We all wored in life x
Best of luck with the Gundam, love me 40k. 
Dunno about the lad to cuddle with.
Webab has been ordered if that's alright with you de leeeeeds x
You're a fucking disgrace. Once a stalwart leader of Britain's youth, reduced to having your tiny little penis mocked and ridiculed by a '''goddess''' for cash
He's a blight on the reputation of both /britfeel/ and Sunderland to be honest. Lad's an absolute fucking joke
Had a good day today my laddios
https://youtu.be/XLAZfzCTi68 [Embed]
Take me back
My gfs pussy is so tight I keep getting cuts and grazes on my shaft. What do?
You've been posting quite regularly about penis injuries for months now, is this a fetish or something?
Different anon lad, new for me
HHL fucked off
Nah I'm still here just vibing to choons and finishinf off me wooze while I wait for me taxpayer funded webab. Cheers x
Very odd if you're not lying, there's been lots of posts about cuts on dicks etc. 
Perhaps it is something that just Happens
Webab wrap just arrived. It lush x
Garn crash out after this scran like cba to finish off those weers. I'll keep them for Thursday or Friday night.
Eating food yern eatin eat slop me right
Thank god he doesn't have any boys with those bald genes.
Reckon yous can crack this?
fyi lads, be careful with this one. its cp hidden in the image. do not click it, do not save it. old /b/ shit.
allegations of allegations are allegations.
Looks like Ruthmong isn't at his nightshift job tonight
Webab necked am garn beddingtons now. Need to be up early for me waircut appointment. Might watch some YouTubes for a bit before sleeps.
Can't believe there is has been no updates
She's like... you know... super cute for a 22yo.
I am here.
I bought two millionaire scratch cards and didn't win anything. 10 quid down the drain. I left in misery about it.
I got the 301 payment but left uc a few weeks ago. Will they ask for it back?
you seem alri lid. as long as you dont get too involved with personality drama I'll keep you off me filter list
Expect an update tomorrow night or Thursday morning. He's working Mon-Wed this week.
"There is no 'gotcha' that it actually does not." 
What?
I'm a strong believer in no woman, no work.
I hope so. I noticed he deleted his third channel. Just has the two channels and his TikTok now.
Ta lad. Nice post to see before I take the bus to beddington.
"Necked" an entire kebab in less than 10 minutes. The man is a human seagull
He necks unheated wustlerz in bed too. It not normal.
Am posting in britfeel. Wow. Im posting in britfeel ant a. Im posting in britfeel. posting in britfeel. Am posting in britfeel wooow
*deletes r9k*
Wosting in writfeel x
Her face when she sees an unattractive man enter her eyesights.
I don't need anyone in my life.
Tried to go to sleep but there's a police chopper shining lights over houses. Apparently there might be some fugative hiding in back gardens.
Fuck sake.
Yeh soz lad, posting from a wheely bin at the moment but I'll be off soon.
It's about time we got a decent silent audit. Gets attacked by some hi vis muppet who's filming him anyway. Fucking loon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_htZsU5G08 [Embed]
They make up so much bullshit when try defend their own.
they can do if they find out yeah. if you have a job then it can be taken out from your wages. they won't take it all in one go, depends how much you earn.
In beddingtons nows. Garn watch some ASMR then sleepingtons. Alarm set for 9:30am.
Just seen the details. I was on bennies at this time. Looks like I'm safe
Flu getting worse. Not getting any sleep tonight then lads.
Feel bloated and fat, need to take better care of my helth methinks
quite an ugly cat. couple really really handsome cats near me. one is maine coone. other is like similar kind of cat but not a coone. theres also a really nice silvery short haired one but seems quite old. was a friendly hansome ginger one about 10 year ago. must be dead.
Anticipating a premise, basically.
It's Worcestershire sauce.
What premise, that the whole thing is a ruse because that was already confirmed with "i am wasting your time "
Filled the piss bucket
Filled it twice, 40L of piss
Disgusting 
Checked trips
Good sleepingham this was corr
Her body craves millenial men but her mind says no.
I am a sleepy boi
I'm looking forward to meeting laurel. It's about time. The weather is getting better. Not too cold or hot. This will be a good opportunity to introduce myself. Maybe we can have a platonic relationship as she is taken. I've said some silly things here and I can only hope she'll understand me better in person. I'm going to bring something nice to her so she will always remember me. What that is will be between me and her.
I wonder what made her pick the name "laurel"? Could it be the tree? A sense of achievement?
That's it. I'll apologise in person. She'll think I'm a brave boy for doing that. She will have her boyfriend so she will feel safe.
Do girls like lads that piss in buckets?
ello lads, long time no see, its joshy boi aka josh from brit/pol/
Ive been using britfeel since 2016 and i have no idea who you are
thanks
kids cryin now
There are men out there that pump and dump women all year round. Meanwhile I can't get none. Fuck women.
Fockin ell proper good brekkieham this was
as you can see
yep so thats great
tragic stuff anon, god im so glad im not an aspie.
Whores will get no respect from me when I'm outside. No you fucking stand on the bus. I'm not moving my bag. I value my bag more than some whore. What you gonna do about it bitch? Yeah nothing. You know I'll kick up a fuss. Know your fucking place in the hierarchy.
I fucking hope that bitch gets salted again after so many helped rebuild the garden. Stop feeding druggie homeless scum you dosser.
Imagine salting your own garden for attention and money. Grim.
Yup fuck being a good little contributor just so I can pay for Chad and Stacy's childbirth costs and educating their spawn. Nope. No fucking way. Gimme them sweet disabilitybuxx so I can support the video games industry. Leech leech leech.
I'm denied my primal rights to breed because women set a ridiculously high bar for their partners. All want fucking good looking Chads and I'm meant to just get on and never have any puss? No fuck that. Fuck contributing, fuck giving any respect to women anymore. Their lives are easy enough.
Every fucking incel up and down the country needs to boycott wagecucking and get on the neetbucks.
I've lived for over 30 years now and still didn't get love and sex. Of course I'm fucking angry. I have every right to be.
If females won't give me love, then why would I give them respect?
Works done, pleasntly drunk, clean bedsheets and pajamas, sleep soon
Comfy
Upset because i've slept with a bunch of women so that means i still need to go to work today
Gotta love the feeling but lad... You posted that at 07:00. What's going on?
Hope Ruth's enjoying her week so far.
Just noticed my lupusfu is following laurel now. Very odd.
I have awoken from the food coma
Job interview in less than two as well phwoar
Don't ever chat shit about my laurel. You know who you are. Capiche. Hope she's having a good week too.
Shan't be telling you about my Russian asmr bae. No way. You lads don't deserve to see her beautiful face.
She's proper gf material too. Very intelligent.
Miss Ruth so much. I really hope she comes back soon. She's would have 50k subs this year if she didn't stop. Such a shame.
what are you applying for?
I shall now be ingesting a woffee-on-the-naze
Finally copped a replacement pair of brown levis 501s after 3 years
A night shift worker, would be my guess. I used to get drunk after night shifts. Finish 06:00, drunk by 07:00, bed at 09:00
He's been busy spaffing his cost of living payment up the wall.
Dad and brother both at home today. Can't do any singing for you today chaps. Not a comfy wfh day at all
Such lovely blue eyes and photogenic smile she has.
Let's see what you look like big undesirable man. Nah didn't think so.
Really hoping to make some decent progress on Football Manager today, fingers crossed work doesn't put too much of a spanner in the works.
Are they not good singers, or request crap songs?
I get embarrassed .-.
IKTF.
Could you use today to come up with some ideas for songs?
Just wanted to redo the Donovan cover from the other thread, went a bit flat a few times
State of the modern man. Definitely an incel.
This is what success looks like
Just over a month on minoxidil for my facial hair. I notice hairs getting thicker, many new vellus hairs but they're almost translucent. Many many more months to go but decent thus far, hopefully by month 3 patches will be filled in and I can have a short beard
Yes buy more things goy and you shall be happy.
Gonna prep a [redacted] ready for the new thread
Same here. I kinda miss those days but being on nights for so long made me a fucking ghoul, as well as an alcoholic
He's obviously happy so what's the problem? Would he be better off seething on 4chan in the corner of his otherwise empty room?
I enjoyed the night shifts, but also had to do day shifts every other week. Did 3 night shifts one week (fri sat sun 6pm-6am, finish monday morning and go to mcdonalds), then sat sun 6am-6pm. I swapped to working in the week, and that was a monumental mistake, as 1 week was 6am-2pm, the next 2pm-9pm. I drank more on the weeks of starting at 6am. I could never get to sleep >12am. I was drinking a lot of southern comfort, around 3L a week.
You a day shift wagie now? I had to stop working.
Fockin ell what a run this was
Proper knackered me
Did you just call my cat ugly? I'll rip your fucking head off you cunt
good to see you back smirnoff
