I've decided that I'm going to kill myself on May 16, 2023. 
AMA
Having a huge ass but flat chest is cursed anatomy
What's your mac and cheese recipe.
Can I have your steam acc or at least your games? 
I am broke...
Also, will you stream it?
Do people lie on the internet about killing themselves for attention?
Have you tried dmt yet
Having a huge ass but flat chest is blessed anatomy
I'm allergic to cheese
I'm an offline Xbox guy
Yeah. Probably a very for help though
Nope. No way I can find it.
i will someday too but I think I'm just not determined enough yet
why not kill others too?
I don't hate anyone but myself really
better than flat all over 
it's over for flat foids
just kidding life as a women is a joke
I too have been thinking of suicide probably not for same reasons as yourself, today I was thinking of my good friend Dallas who killed himself in 2017 shortly after messaging me how much he loved him and how he felt that I was the only person who cared about him, every now and then he crosses my mind and I almost start to cry because of how much I miss him, he was bullied a lot in school mostly from being (from the outside" the school shooter type who was also a homosexual, mind you this was in country town and I took pride in being his friend and defending him and he was absused by his parents a child and so he lived in a refugee, he probably felt like no one could love him but guess what I did, and we met at a "community college" as americans would call it we call it TAFE in Aus, I wish I could tell him how much I cared about him and apoligizing for failing him as a friend and not being there for him when he needed me and how much I miss having my friend to talk about ps2 and going to the pub after school. Anon I'm telling you this because I loved Dallas so fucking much that it hurts that he died and I know someone cares about you the same way, so please don't kill yourself mate. I wish I knew what else to say, like how amazing life is and how you just gotta keep trying but really maybe I just miss my friend Dallas so much that it hurts and I'm selfish for wanting him back and for wanting you to stay..
I love you Dallas, for all your weirdness, your imperfections, the same beanie and coat you wore to school everyday. You were my mate and you still cross my mind all the time and I often think, will they let me into heaven too for not being there for my good friend.
maybe but I know someone from this board who actually did it
Why that date? Also who's the woman in the pics?
Having a huge ass but flat chest is cursed anatomy
Naw, that's hot.
The other way around is worse. Its not fun when you can't squeeze anything from behind.
its worse when you have fat distribution like lena dunham and you just end up looking lumpy all over
you will regret it as you die
I have move back to my parents place at the end of next month so it's right in between and my gf will be at a her apartment by then
Won't matter because I'll be dead
I'll give you purpose
speaking as someone who hanged himself from a 3 story building and fucked it up, it is kind of a really, really shitty moment, I would probably say it was the worst single moment of my life in like an immediate, feeling-emotion sense. 
if you're going to do it, make sure it's quick. just remembering the way down made me not suicidal for years after that.
Yeah I can attest to that I attempted an O.D at 14 and regretted when I awoke not dead but really, really unwell.
Why don't you just join ISIS or ISCAP
I'm allergic to cheese
I understand why you want to kys now anon. Godspeed.
Such a boring faggot. Everybody is killing themselves these days. You aren't special. Why not just do it today instead? Why wait? Faggot.
that's close to my birthday
don't do that
sorry anon I'm just fucked up I don't mean to spread these bad vibes 
believe in yourself and anything is possible
Met a guy in the psych ward who tried to slit his own throat while he was drunk. Woke up bleeding out in some random stairwell and thought he was in hell. I'd probably think the same thing.
You're the eternal nofap guy aren't you?
That's the best birthday present ever
stream or no balls
Wanna get spiritually awakened and find irrefutable proof that God exists? After that you wouldn't be able to kill yourself despite wanting to.
I still regret digging in that deep. 
I was supposed to kms 5 months ago.
C u on may 17th
she is lumpy because of the amount, not distribution you retard.
my gf
do a backflip gfhaver and sexhaver.
Why don't you just live with your gf?
iktf, everything the past 5 years has just been a giant cope for me after experiencing *that*
It will be my birthday, I will be 33.
33yo khv
I should kill myself too
iktf, everything the past 5 years has just been a giant cope for me after experiencing *that*
does it get better with age?
I'm still riding the *high* from my newfound strength from spiritual awakening, but I'm slowly starting to burn out and return back to normal.
At least I got myself ripped.
Nope
She's not the best mentally and I'm not ready for that kinda commitment
if your not ready for that kind of commitment then why do you even have a gf?
Consistent pussy I have threesomes with sometimes
Why?
Iam considering too
I will look for the password and login haven't used it in a while
I recently saw an article about a man who had just turned 100, and shortly after his 100th birthday he killed himself with a gun
So I don't think it can get much better unless you make some kind of breakthrough, but there's the 50/50 coinflip of it being either hell or something else
why couldnt any of it go to her tits then?
I am considering too but much sooner. I love the world and people in it but hate myself. I had something happen to me and only blame myself even though I shouldnt
People who set a date almost never do it. The vast majority of suicides are a spur of the moment thing. Even if you've thought about/planned it for a long time, the actual event is usually fairly spontaneous. 
In other words, I would literally put money on your still being alive on May 17, OP. Sorry not sorry.
can i have your books ?
We need to smell your swamp ass first &amp; eat your ass sweat cheese.
God she's unbearably ugly. Punchable face too.
Have you considered calling a suicide hotline?
Even it doesn't sound like something you want to do, if you're planning to check out anyway, it might be worth it if its something you haven't tried. Not like you have anything to lose, right?
People who set a date almost never do it
False you stupid newfag, get off the board
No, there's more to life than pussy
If you're really going to do it: 1. Get as much cash/credit cards as possible. 2. Raw dog as many hot prostitutes as possible 3. Go eat as much food and dessert as possible. 4. Try magic mushrooms, LSD, MDMA, and DMT. 5. Go to Disneyworld or whatever place is fun. 6. Fly to Europe and repeat 2 - 5. 7. Australia repeat, etc.
This, fuck OP he has something most don't and yet he still wants to an hero, what a faggot.
Are you insane? That's the HOTTEST body type!
I'm gonna try mushrooms
Do you even like women retard? It has to be the hottest body type imo
