Femanons would you rather date someone in law or tech? Explain your reasoning as well
femanons would you rather eat only bananas but drink anything forever 
or
drink cow blood forever and eat anything
If you're asking which one you should do based on chance of pussy, law. tech is like 95% guys. Law is 50/50. You will have a better chance of being laid as a lawyer.
law is going away in less than 3 years. outdated AI has already passed the BAR exam
tech is like 95% guys. Law is 50/50
I've thought about this as well, but my goal isn't a high bodycount, I just want to meet one really cool girl and have a nice, lifelong romance together. It sounds weird to type it out, but that's my genuine desire. I guess what I'm getting at is that I want quality over quantity in terms of dating options so I can find that girl sooner rather than later.
femanons arent going to tell you anything useful because women never say anything useful about dating or romance, also femanons dont exist here you idiot, also law has more social prestige associated with it which will win over more women, but in the end it really depends on who you are and where you rank on the ladder socially
Yeah, I think the main thing I've gathered so far is that law is probably better desu. Most of the girls who prefer tech seem to either be more insecure and/or dominant, and want a guy who they can have more control over or less competition for since tech is lower status. A girl liking that you're not liked is usually a red flag imo. I do have a soft spot for dominant women though so it's weird. I think tech could work if I delineated between insecure girls who like me because it's implied less competition from other girls due to law status and therefore a more stable relationship, and between girls who are insecure due to avoidant attachment, but dominant because of this, and like that me being in tech implies I'm less aggressive and therefore easier to control. It's hard to say though.
I would rather date a man in tech and not law because I think techbros are more likely to make a lot of money, techbros tend to be nerdy and lawyers tend to be massive manipulators with no morals who talk to hundreds of people regularly so they are more likely to cheat, they would also be annoying and narcissistic during an argument. Techbros are no saint though, they are 99% raging coomers and very sheltered so there is a good chance he might also become a manwhore once he makes money
Law, better conversations, arguments, social life, couple activities, seems like he would also be a better kind of dominant - more confidence, less anger issues. Would probably be quite a debater (same) and get a sadistic satisfaction from winning against me each time (by the time it happens I would be both crying AND dripping wet kek)
My brother is in stem and his friends arent really the type of guys I would see myself go for, not that theres necessarily anything wrong with them
So either fuck up my stomach due to lack of solid foods to process or be severely dehydrated and only getting my fluids from eating fruit? The latter.
I am a man so I cannot say. However, "tech bros" most especially the AI enthusiasts are some of the most annoying people on the planet. They are incredibly status obsessed; they were the nerd in high school who nobody really liked and they want to desperately make up for it. Just go look at Sam Altman, he is pretty representative of these people. The faggot looks like a smarmy little nerd, just like all of the other AI freaks. They are all in on the "hype" or "doom" train because they've created weird little communities where status is derived from how hyped or doomed you are. I've tried having arguments with these people publicly and got no takers. After talking to some of them in private, their views are more restrained and they make concessions to my arguments. It's all a huge grift. They are dishonest and psychologically very effeminate, just awful people all around. The only value they have is their intelligence, though often that is just middling. The entire AI field is propped up by unlikable nerds desire to get pussy and validation of their existence. That's it. 
Anyway, lawyers as we all know, are scum of the Earth, an entire profession of Pharisees and professional liars, my grandfather was one though, pretty high up there for Lockheed Martin. So some, I assume, are good people. 
In my opinion as a man, the best people in this world, as a category, are probably artists (real artists, not hacks) and military men with real combat experience, not General Bureaucrat. Of course, I view myself as an artist, so.
Law because so many guys in tech troon out. Plus I have a crush on saul goodman (The character not the actor..)
Interesting, I kind of love dominating women mentally even if I like being physically dominated by them. I definitely don't fit the typical STEM profile, but the techbro label comes with a lot of baggage that I'd basically have to disprove from the get go. Nice pic btw. 
Yeah tech definitely has a bad (and frankly earned) reputation for the personality of the guys in it. Part of me was hoping the money would make up for it (not that my personality is bad, just in terms of stereotypes and starting points in terms of women's image of me). Tech seems way chiller and with probably better pay too, but I'm not sure it would be worth having a constant uphill battle in terms of always having to 'prove' I'm not a typical tech guy instead of them just assuming I'm not an effeminate asshole. Job titles also matter a lot in the age of dating apps desu, and 'product manager' doesn't exactly roll off the tongue like 'lawyer'. Sounds dumb, but that's the world we live in, and frankly will be a large part of which girls I have a chance with.
Obviously law. Tech is a beta profession.
Tech guys are low status, lower than most other professions. Nearly half of the population (leftists) will hate you for being a "tech bro" and you are perceived as "nerdy" and beta. So, picking tech to get girls is not a wise move. Regardless, your job description is not going to save you much heartache with women, unless you are famous or a multi millionaire.
I will add, spiritually, you are a tech nerd for even asking this question in this way like you have here, so it doesn't even matter if you pick something else. You may as well align your personality with your job.
Opinions on finance?
tech because I'm way more attracted to nerdy stemfags
I would choose a physicist or engineer over either of those though
Tech because I dream of hacking people I despise and would LOBE to learn a thing or two on how to do it. It'd be cool to have a bf that knew the law but I hear it's very stressful and everyone sucks under lots of pressure.
view myself as an artist,
what is your art?
What the fuck is wrong with you, un originally
neither
one is going to be a socially retarded and autistic morbidly obese egotisical weirdo fetishist
and 
the other is going to be a lapdog insecure beta faggot trying to larp as his highschool bully 15 years later from all the emotional damage from it
For nearly ever day the past five years I have written something. I do not publish it anywhere or have any hopes of being known for it. I do it simply because I enjoy it. So, I would say writing is my art. I also play the piano and make music, though more play piano these days. Eventually I'll be good at making music too.
did you get it from your grandfather? lawyers are usually really good with language/writing in general.
That's a plausible theory, it makes sense. Although who can say for sure why we are the way we are? Even if we are thinking just in terms of genetics, many traits are polygenic, and recombination can lead to traits that don't exist in either parent. It's hard to say.
What? what was so fucked up about my answer lol
You're describing textbook traits of sociopathy. Desire to dominant, low empathy, derives pleasure from hurting people. As your partner, ffs
Im describing textbook traits of a chad prosecutor boyfriend
Yeah real life isn't a shojou manga. A sociopath in real life would just be superficially charming, not really care about you/how you feel and probably just commit domestic abuse or murder you when you piss him off.
Okay now youre exaggerating
I mean... Is it surprising that sociopathy is correlated with abuse? Fun fact: sociopathy is more strongly correlated with abuse than criminal factors
PCL-R total scores positively predicted intimate partner violence frequency, above and beyond the criminal variables
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/0886260518754870
