"hundreds of thousands dead"
barely any pictures or videos
live cam from every major city shows people laughing, no gun shots, nothing
when something rare actually does happen like 2 people die
Were we shilled? What's the real death count? Like 600? Why do normies expect incels to care about this conflict?
civilian deaths, or on the battlefield?
Haha yeah bro, it's all fake and so is covid and climate change and democracy and your mom not being a whore!
using an old map
Not accounting for the leaks from thug Shaker discord
Hohol shills are dishonest
There's hundreds if not thousands of videos already though. So many drone bombings. Some big missiles too. There's some videos of active fighting too.
barely any pictures or videos
Have you seen UHG threads on /pol/?
live cam from every major city shows people laughing, no gun shots, nothing
Yes, that's how wars are fought, nobody wants to rule over rubble. It's in the best interest of both parties that the major cities stay mostly intact. The little villages and fields is where most of the fighting tkes place.
barely any pictures or videos
nice b8 m8, I think I will r8 it 8.8/88
This war gave us the best vehicle destruction videos in recorded history.
Also quite a few grenade drone shots to leave a good aftertaste.
barely any pictures or videos
Is your head in the sand? You can watch combat footage to see plenty of people getting merked.
What's the difference between 4 and 200,000?
199,996.
Yea it's weird.
Calling this a war is a joke.
I don't know if anything is even happening at all.
It's like Russia occupied the land around the border and just sitting there.
I think this "conflict" is just an excuse to manipulate the markets.
Official obituaries alone churn out a far higher number, not to mention not every inch of the front is being filmed because this isn't a one-sided arms expo like the sandbox was. Visually confirmed losses of vehicles and people alone tally a massive amount, and visual confirmation is always a smaller percentage of actual losses.
Russia is purposefully fighting a limited war because Putin is essentially a strongman and image is everything for him. Most of the fighting has been concentrated in a few successionist regions both sides have poured conscripts into.
