Why do men think they have to keep trying with a girl who's rejected him, when the optimal strategy is to just leave her alone and try someone else?
i shit fart and piss cum in your open eager turdwhore mouth
because "playing hard to get" is also a shitty meme women believe in, and the people who raised him lived in the 80s and 90s where such ideas were the whole plot of every movie
People change their minds I didn't like 
LOTR when I first saw it
I've been chasing this one girl for nearly a decade. She's never outright said no, that's why. She's rejected me, but it's never been because of who I am.
>73088907 (OP)
Shut up will you???!!!1
How is that the optimal strategy? Won't that result in you not getting the girl you like?
If you only like one girl, you're going to be disappointed if she doesn't like you back. Surely there's gotta be more that one you like.
At the moment I don't like any, but in the past I've only ever liked one girl at a time.
No one's keeping score of which crushes didn't work out or rejections. If it's not meant to be, move on and stop tormenting yourself. I'm still struggling to learn that lesson.
Surely there's gotta be more that one you like.
If he's an empathetic sort: not really.
No one's keeping score of which crushes didn't work out or rejections.
Men do. And you're literally on a board where people do this exact thing.
That's what I do, but I don't consider it the optimal strategy when I see pushiness rewarded.
using r9k as a barometer of what normal healthy people do is a great idea and you should keep doing it
They're doing it to themselves and frankly, it was never a requirement to do so in the first place. You can just let go.
You can just let go.
that's not how letting go of anything works.
Not with that attitude. No one said it was an easy process.
Not with that attitude.
it's not. if you can *just* let go of something like that, then it really wasn't letting go of it.
No one said it was an easy process.
no one said anything about easy or any sort of difficulty
