this is how you should raise your sons
Individuals think differently, that step-dad's advice would work wonders with some and not others.
nah, this isn't true. people mostly think the same and all else is cope. you are a simp retard cuck shitstain moron.
Heard about a similar story but the kid did it
theres a popular webm/gif thats been around 4chan for years of it happening. the kid does it and then the tough guy dad/step-dad freaks out like a baby and rolls around the floor.
If your kid is suicidal you fucked up or he got a bad genetics roll
step dad is human dogshit who literally doesn't care whether his wife's children live or die
Many such cases
Great parenting if the law wasnt a thing.
The kid literally has no real problems he could ever face, If thats his mental state then imagine what it would be when he grows up. Natural selection
doesn't post any evidence
yeah there's one where your mom gets gang raped by a bunch of blackies floating around
it's not like the webm is particularly rare or hard to find
This is probably some of the worst "advice" you could give. I once saw a liveleak where that exact scenario ended in suicide and the dad jumping up and down like a chimpanzee waving his arms around like a moron.
would you happen to be mentioning the video that's right above your post?
it's just tryhard assholes who saw dirty harry or whatever and want to try the 'calling his bluff' shtick
in reality, adding insult to injury like that can easily push someone over the edge
That's horrible advice.
Just tell your heir/the person who is supposed to continue your family to kill himself, bro.
This is actually a somewhat good advixe becase a lot of people actually ecperience the ease of pain when they know they can end it at any minute with ease. More than suffering, a human fears to be cornered by his suffering.
That's when you shoot the cuck.
These same normalfags will tell you to kill yourself and then cry and lose their minds when you refuse to cater to their every whim. 99% of normalfags are psychopaths.
it's a backhanded insult because you're showing that you either don't care about him or that you don't take his suicide threat seriously.
should've shot the step dad
Fucking terrible advice. All it does is send the message that he doesn't care if the kid dies. No child deserves to hear that.
it's not really advice it's just a normalfag showing contempt for your problems.
if there's any good message behind this it's that he doesn't really want to commit suicide. i guess doing this might make him reconsider the options again and try to change whatever's bothering him, but i feel like there's better ways of doing that than saying "put up or shut up." to be honest, i think the real intended message is more like "stop being a pussy."
That advice reminds me of a video where a man gives a boy a gun and the boy shoots himself. If I remember correctly he chimps out afterwards.
Lol I hope your parent gives you a gun and tells you put up or shut up.
Rate this example OP.
It's right here, newfags >>73089979
tempting fate with someone you supposedly love
Im sure that will end up well. In OP post its a step dad though so probably wouldnt give a fuck
Or, bear with me, actually talk to the kid and try have some compassion and learn to understand the kid and work it out. This gay macho shit is made up by women that dont understand compassion.
Lol show more context.
He would give some what a fuck if he is charged for negligence and getting raped by niggers every night.
you're a huge newfag
I.e. he only cares about the legal and social ramifications, rather than caring about another person's wellbeing itself
That's actually based. Showing what it looks like and taking it away at once
someone you love
well in the op it was his step father soooo
Your father should've done that to you then retard. Then maybe we wouldn't have to deal with you.
Some anon did an excellent psychoanalysis a while ago detailing how the parents were abusive narcissists who threw a tantrum because they couldn't abuse the kid anymore.
didn't you read? STEP dad
gives his kids mental illnesses
instead of trying to fix it, he tells them to commit suicide with a gun
Both parents should be tortured to death
Forgot to mention he's suicidal because stepdad molested him when he was a baby.
absolute power move. one last epic own before reality ends
Got a version with sound?
Kid is badass
being charged for someone else killing themselves
I don't know if incels want to live in a clown world or not. You guys are fucking retarded sometimes
And you are a faggot nigger but what else is new
muh black cock!
Newfags law
Notice how his first reaction to the kid offing himself is to hit him in the head.
These people are sadists. They didn't give a shit about that kid beyond the power and control they felt over abusing him and then accidentally losing that. Fucking awful subhumans. Hope they went to prison.
Notice how his first reaction to the kid offing himself is to hit him in the head.
That did strike me as odd. I guess it's also possible that he thought the kid fired a shot into the air or something and was only pretending to be dead, and so he hit him for trying to trick him, but that's not good either.
i think hes in a state of complete panic tbf
outing yourself that much
holy newfag retard
