what do you think women's opinion of men is?
probably pretty negative, if not for sexual attraction I dont think the 2 genders would want anything to do with eachother
I know a girl who has a sticker that says "I know what men want, I just don't think they deserve it"
What ever they have been told to think by their peer group or current man giving them good dick, or what they think is socially acceptable I'm their peer group.
Useful tools within an unjust world.
In a utopia, men would complete cease to exist - men exist as a tool for women to ride to the promised land, and then to summarily abandon.
Deservedly.
Why do we even have two genders anyway? Just have everyone be a futa/hermaphrodite and call it a day.
I hate moids and will only interact with them if absolutely necessary
If chad: Obsessive infatuation bordering on worship
If Non-chad: disgust, distaste, low but present annoyance at their existence.
whom cares?
I like them a lot honestly, I love them actually. I love talking to them, I love learning about them, I love the way their brains work, I love how awkward they are sometimes, I love how passionate they can be, I love that they get flustered around me, I love that they often have no style sense and look a little silly haha! I love their deep voices, i love how unkempt they are, I love how they get all happy playing video games haha, I love how strong they are, I love the way they love, I love their scruffy hair, I just love them so much and they fascinate my endlessly. Its why im even on this darn site when I clearly dont belong haha, the exact opposite of most people using it. I just love seeing men and what they think :)
They view men as gods and base all of their resentment and love on that perception.
Literally what you posted: nothing more than cattle meant to be milked for tax revenue in order to support NEET femcels, single mommies with a bunch of pickaninnies, and other retarded females that can't get a job without becoming harlots.
Rare is the woman that doesn't see men that way.
sucklebump
what do you think men's opinion of women is?
cowbump
Most probably just see men as retarded coomers, the weak idealists probably see them as strong protectors. Women are massive coomers themselves, but it's less conspicuous for them since it's more mental than visual/physical like it is for men.
please tell me you're a biological fembot, this is the hopium I come to /r9k/ for
On an interpersonal level, pretty much nothing because I don't have much real personal experience with men. Over the internet from random discussions I would say if you treat a man respectfully he will usually treat you back the same way, much like talking with a woman. But if you're not talking about interpersonal relations, men as a whole for society obviously are important.
Yup, I am. But you shouldnt come onto r9k for that buddy :( I care about you and want the best for you, and this place really isnt mentally good for you. Of course its your choice on what you do, buuut I want you do something else in your spare time :) because youre worth more than this place *hugs* I wish you the best on your journey! Toodaloo! (I hope you see this!!! I dunno how 4chan stuff works :&lt;)
Very cute post. Thanks for making me smile.
Awwww Im really glad :) *sending hugs*
Have a hug back. Gonna get comfy in bed now and dream of finding a qt to wrap my arms around. Thanks for posting something positive in this sea of piss and cum.
Awww thank you :) it was a very nice hug!!! :D Im sure youll find her some day good sir :> and of course, it makes me very happy :)
Have a good day!! Orrrr, a good life! Orrrr, a good everything? :) haha I never know when to stop with this stuff
*Whomst'd've cares?
FTFY
.
.
(This is the faggot board that tries to jew me into saying something original, but no, nigger, I have naught to say to you. Let this react image speak for itself.)
All the ones on the internet hate us.
I think the vast majority see men as objects of utility.
A means to a end.
Tools and fools.
That's about it. It's that simple when you strip away all the bullshit. We are literally just objects to them, which is why they project the whole objectification thing on men whenever they express any interest or attraction to women.
It's kinda depressing.
This is the only place in the world I can read what femposters write anonymously where they are not linked to a handle or account. Something like on twitter or reddit there is incentive to collect dms, karma, or a post history. On 4chan your only incentive is to argue your point and collect very fleeting (You)s. 
It's funny biological women have really pulled ahead of men in the field of writing. I am a misogynist, since I believe that women can't beat men at chess naturally. But on the same coin, women now make better writers than men, one of the most important fields ever. My favorite personally is Ayn Rand, whom I look up to, but JK rowling is the richest writer to have ever lived and no one brings up that fact. All this is to say that I actually find it very hard to find unincentivized female writing, only on 4chan, only on /r9k/. Women have a lot of negative things to say about moids, but they also have positive ones, and these are the "golden whitepills".
My belief is that to actually find out how to please and keep a woman, which is what I want, I need to actually listen to them, you, in a truly anonymous space such as this. A straight woman would actually know how to keep a straight woman, so to speak, at least partly. The problem is that even here, there are so few of you (seems like 5-10% of posters).
Pic related is me and my girl. She's my first. I'd do just about anything to be the one she wants to stay with, so the question is what can I actually do that will make her want to stay?
All this is to say I really liked your original post >>73081360, it made my day.
catcleaningbump
if he isn't a top 5% chad he doesnt exist to women
well you brought it up and it directly contradicts your point that women are good writers so i don't know what to tell you
What's not to appreciate
You are aware she isn't rich due to the quality of her writing but due to extensive merchandising.
She should be compared more to George Lucas or other such people who made the bulk of their money from merch then compare to people who only have book sells as a source of income.
Look you are right I know /lit/ doesn't respect her. But a lot of men idolize George Lucas or other capitalists of our age. If JK Rowling is a good capitalist where's the appreciation?
She is appreciated, but she also isn't nor shouldn't be know as the best writer, just like George isn't known as the best screenwriter or director.
Alright, I concede, she is not the best writer. But I disagree that she is appreciated for being a capitalist by the traditional capitalist moid stans, and she is even lest appreciated by foids for her empire. Not too surprising since modern foids are awful at empire building. Very hard for a normie foid to go against their cohort.
does different milk taste different?
udderly >unoriginal wat
kys pickme scrotoids from here would gladly rape you to death i hope youre a tranny larping
You're just jealous that men like her and want her because she actually appreciates us and doesn't treat us like monsters. She'll find a great husband very easily and you'll get pumped and dumped by chads until you grow old and die alone
