And you shouldn't either. Fuck your beauty preferences. Date me or else.
Most "fembot" are trannies. Would you date them?
Not into trans. But I'll take cis women. I want them. Fembots drop your discord.
Hurry up and reply dumb fembots
nobody gives a shit, hurry up and die to heart attack.
No one asked for your fuckass retard opinion you autistic cringelord
Fat males should not exist, neither should muscly males
All males should be twinky, skinny and tiny as God intended. The skinniest boys belong with chubby females
Cool, didn't ask. Give me a femanon gf or fuck off. Did I ask for your cringe lore dump faggot-kun?
put down the ero manga and open the curtain a fraction of a degree
Give me a femanon gf or fuck off. 
Femanons by definition belong to skelly twinks
Fat men exist to be the comedic relief in friend groups, they're supposed to be single
You'll have to forgive him anon. He has chronic autism. And I'm afraid it's terminal.
Shutup you autistic weeaboo. Go jack off to hentai while the fat bastard senpai (me) fucks all the fembots.
Are you in Canada? Or even just near or in the PNW? :p
Based I want a chubby femanon to sit on my face. 
Keep dark triad maxxing anon, it's almost workgin!1
YES! I am in Washington! Where are you at?
You did by posting here. You are so pathetic that you are begging for the affirmation and attention of LOSERS. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
Don't care, didn't read. L+Ratio bitchboi
You need to be a minimum of 18 years old to use this site.
https://voca.ro/1fK85UEneKfL
You know you read my reply. Don't lie to yourself.
Sneed
Hey vagina breath, did I ask for your whore opinion? Shutup and deepthroat my bloated overweight dick.
Sneeeeeed
All males by design (hormones, body size) are supposed to be muscled to hunt animals and fucking provide for the tribe. You're retarded. I don't care that YOU like twinks more, because I do too, but pretending that "by design" men were "supposed to be weak" is retarded.
did I ask for your whore opinion?
Quite literally yes, in your OP.
You are defective. Become a cute skelly twink immediately and you will be worthy.
Sneed
Somebody learnt his first reference! Woohoo!
I'll give you the rundown buddy. You aren't welcome here and nobody is going to give you affirmation because you are subhuman trash.
Not so fast! I activate my magic card Pot of Sneed!
You can be a cute twink and still strong enough to hunt. Such is the ideal male technically
post some pepe le frog's while you're at it. you'll blend in in no time!!
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo. Sneed
Chuck and Sucks Feed and Breed
Op is cringe even by 4chins standards, you need to lurk more. Also remember that all skinny twinks belong to femanons and should arrive for their daily facesitting appointments, as well as other lewd activities. I'm sorry op but fatties just can't compete, even when they regurgitate overused memes and try out dark triad behavior for the first time.
on god that's a bussin ass reference fr fr no cap
Thats awesome, I don't remember asking tho lol.
Oh my gosh!!! I'm on Vancouver island! You're so close! No one here ever lives near me :,)
Also remember that all skinny twinks belong to femanons and should arrive for their daily facesitting appointments, as well as other lewd activities.
what is wrong with me
SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY SPAGET. ANON Y U TOUCHA MY SPAGET?
Does this mean we have to go on a date?
Sweet! Lets meet up then, discord?
only if you want to get kidnapped and sold for your organs by an ugly sweaty fat dude
YES. Date me! Drop discord!
what is wrong with me
Not sure what oyu mean anon
AHAHHAHAHA i know what you're doing and I love you
Twinks freeze in the winter, doesn't make evolutionary sense at all.
They just draw them tiny in dojin to save in you dummy, it's all an Epson/Cannon printing press psyop and you fell for it hook line and twinker.
shutup fag, go jerk off to gay porn
..to save *ink*..
OMG IT'S LE EPIC BAITZ XDDDDDD
Twinks freeze in the winter, doesn't make evolutionary sense at all. 
Incorrect. Twinks were made for chubby girls who will keep them warm in the winter by huddling together and they can absorb our body heat.
nothing, sentence just gets me going unreasonably
Not really unreasonable, femanons like >>73086458 were made for skinny twink anons
lol, carry on then buddy, i have a feeling this could even be you pretending this thread has been a success.
Wow thats a pretty sneed meme you got there, sure would be a shame if someone sneeded all over it!
I'm sorry anon, but if you act smug after getting continuously btfo, it doesn't quite land
It got raided by twink retards so no it wasn't a success. It sucked. Just like this whole website has sucked for years. Chicks Fick and Stick.
I'm just memeing on you because I don't care to read the half-baked bullshit you type
nobody cares go fuck off and die
MADNESS? THIS IS SPARTA! WOOOOTZ XDDDDD
i-i didn't get btfo, i j-just don't care 
If you're going to be dark triad, at least be good at it
acting like autistic sperg
OMG MOMMY LOOK I BTFOd THE HATERS AGAIN!
cya retard, you are subhuman
doesn't know how winter works
thinks it's just lying in bed
We should use twinks as rope to hang fatty retards, two useless birds with one stone.
he's choking already, moms spaghetti, on the surface he looks calm and ready to eat spahgetti but he keeps on forgetti
See ya later pissbaby, don't let the door hit you on the way out
reddit moment, gtfo you fucking cancerous swine
I'll be dark triad 
gets btfo 
I'll pretend like I don't care 
gets btfo 
I'll just post le memes and pretend like I was just trolling the whole time 
gets btfo 
I honestly feel bad for you since you're probably 19 max so I'm gonna leave as well, gl anon
ikr this is why fat fucks like him dont deserve anything. they're incompetent af.
Women don't actually like skelly twinks though, skelly twinks arguably repulse women even more that fatties. What they like is muscled men. 
It's just that their idea of "skelly twink" still has extremely defined musculature, a six-pack, and big arms/legs. Because they think any guy that doesn't have the build of some roided-out powershitter isn't muscular.
t. actual skelly twink
Yes the flat tummy is nice
Can you provide an image of an "actual" skinny twink. Picrel is my ideal boy body.
I actually look like that, where do I find women who like that
That is not what I want in the slightest.. 
I love you too, anon 
It's haricot#1435!
This is one of the few pics I have saved (it may or may not be me). Your pic probably qualifies as one too.
Generally though, if they look like a professional athlete, they're not a skinny twink. As a lot of the guys women post as examples tend to have the builds of professional swimmers or marathon runners.
posted in this fatanons thread earlier today and thought he was kind of decent
wake up and see this thread
well that was something
I'm fat but also 6' and well off. Choose me over this loser.
where do I find women who like that
We're hikkis so you're gonna have to start breaking into random girls' homes and hoping for the best. Preferably be prepared to calm her down upon discovering a home intruder. I'd rehearse ahead of time 
Very nice boy tummy anon. Very lickable. 10/10
Thanks anon. It's rare I get compliments on my appearance.
he genuinely can't stop losing - only thing he can't lose is weight.
