Literally me. So much literally me.
he's literally my dream guy fuck
HYPV8G
Everybody does eventually. Just that my death leads to the heat death of the universe.
Based
Based...
I wouldn't kill low lives. I'd kill the puppet masters.
then you'd have to kill yourself. dumbass.
Huh, I only ever watched the anime, and I hated just about everything after L died. I don't remember anything about the statistics though. If you like that archetype, have you ever read through the Dune series? The first 3 books are pretty cool, but it was the 4th one with the God-Emperor I loved the most. Very similar in the "end justifies the means" type thinking.
lmao, you're only saying that cause you never read the manga
Ryuk literally mocks Light as he dies. Here read the panels. The manga is so much better than the anime after L dies. 
https://www.quora.com/Why-does-ryuk-kill-light-if-he-knew-it-wasn-t-the-end-of-his-lifespan
I recommend you check out the bonus chapters too. C-Kira is an okay story, a-Kira is good and very funny. Loved it. 
https://deathnote.fandom.com/wiki/Death_Note:_Short_Stories
I used to think that when I was in eight year. I hate you for reminding me of how cringe I was.
not that different from the anime imo.
but i prefer the anime version. it was more peaceful and separated, ryuk doesn't have to stay there and listen to his bullshit, it shows he is not human, he is separate from that world. and the anime is the main canon version.
No lowkey Light is based as fuck and is doing the only thing that can justifiably be done with an instrument of death like that. His only issue is becoming an egomaniacal douche about it. 
Literally what else could you do with it?
Nope, you are Light Turner.
Ah yes, very peaceful to scream your guts out as you bleed to death and then run and die in an abandoned shipping yard. 
The fact that you thought Ryuk and Light were friends tells me you never really understood their dynamic. That's fair enough, because Light seems confused by it at the end too. Ryuk is there because it's interesting and he has nothing better to do. He doesn't want Light to die peacefully, but interestingly. 
Oh, and Ryuk loves apples. There's no way he'd wait patiently in jail going through withdrawals. 
Anyway, there's nothing dignified about it. Shinigami gain life by killing humans. Ryuk is effectively just playing with his food. Ryuk kills him because this is the most interesting way for him to die and nothing else (oh, besides apples ofc).
scream your guts out
there was no screaming that i remember
i didnt
