Another milestone of fate coming up too.
Stealing your manifestation and the big boob nerdy girl will be mine
Not even sure that's a thing.
Big boob nerdy girls? Of course they are a thing. Manifesting? Femcel cope.
I meant "stealing* the manifestation.
Well I just did it so yeah it is possible. But only I can do it with my chad powers
Mine are bigger. Don't settle for less.
Based appropriator of fruity New Age ideas like "manifesting desires into reality" to fulfil sexual fetishes.
Are you an actual woman though.
Fat man tits dont count, Chris Chan
Yes and not single
you will never have meaningful sex
manifesting
I thought only foids believed in this crap? You're wasting your time. It's pretty much the same meaningless shit as subliminals. None of these have been proven to work.
I already manifested it so you are too late to curse me, tubby
Who you calling tubby, pinhead
I'm literally her and yet none of you have given me your discord tags
ska2#7787 but I am betting 5 dollar bucks you are a fatty tranny
Who you calling pinhead?
I'm calling you pinhead, pinhead.
Okay but I must warn you, I happen to be a world championship uh kickboxer
show your tits first and then we can talk, otherwise youre just a larping tranny.
reddragonoverlord#9743
Bra size?
I won't post my tag, but I'm also curious. 
Bra size?
talk to 4chan girls
large portion who have shown interest all have cups well past f
never works out
try to meet someone outside 4chan
still tits bigger than my head
im doomed to them what a shame
stealing your manifestation to turn myself into that woman
My ideal size are F cups. 
I really want a gf with nice tits. 
Maybe one day
I want one of these originally speaking
met my big tiddy gf here and we've been living together for half a year now
This isn't how you manifest things and manifesting people or physical objects is far beyond your capabilities
F? Those are rookie sizes. O and up.
Did you meet her from r9k or what
As I thought, no true females on this board. It's looking like fate has it's plans for me.
Nah, F is just right imo. 
Really would be in heaven if this ever happened.
Ya we met here, talked for a year, and then I moved to her area
nah more like this. Truly massive booba
It's a r9k meme at this point.
32I cup :/ hate them
add the discord.
Why do you hate them?
I've heard it's pretty common that women with big tits dislike them.
I is very big. But I'm sure they're nice. I'd kill for a gf like you
Lying hoes not even adding the discord. Booooooooo you suck. Bet you flat af
Bet you flat af
Nice try, man. 
She probably is flat af, ngl.
I stands for imaginary aka a LARPING FAGGOT after all.
You all got larped lol
Fuck, the tranny was 2 steps ahead of us...
Should've seen it coming.
Big booba women dont exist in r9k. It was a set up from the start, gentlemen.
I'm flat, get fucked losers, Stacy will never want you
Regroup and go home, soldiers. 
We'll get it next time...
flat
When are you starting your test injection, elliot page?
Stay mad YWNBAWWHT.
how big are her tits?
dawdwadg
I love big titties like you wouldn't believe. Sadly most girls with them tend to be pretty boring since they never had to develop a personality to have an interesting life.
what's with the dots on her tits
It's where she injected the filling
