/letter/
Dead bitches edition.
I'm tired of you fucking faggots and your constant vigilance for reasons to act like a gang. You want to be a gang so bad, then you can get treated like a gang, starting with how no one gives a shit when one of you dies.
As though half you hypocrites didn't go around badmouthing him your stupid ass selves. The main difference is that, when I do it, it's justified.
And if you don't realize that then you don't know what you're talking about, and you should suck my dick and then fuck off.
And you should also all kill yourselves. Make the world a better place, and die. No need to stop with the one asshole.
hahaha gringo you'll never be a Tyrone from the hood, you'll never be a part of a gang and u mad bout it
I would *love* to see you try to survive in the hood. Tyrone would push your shit in every single day of your pussy ass life.
Nah cracker, Tyrone is out here lettin me fuck him in da ass, that's how loved I am by da hood
I would *love* to see *any* of you try to survive in an environment where nonstop, full-blown, vindictive faggotry isn't backstopped by a bunch of gestapo powertripping. What's pathetic is how you end up looking like clowns even when it is. You should really all kill yourselves. Die. Leave the planet so it sucks less. Go away, from reality, forever, please.
Nice dubs, but nah I'm here to stay.
I hope you get your wish some day. I hope someone takes the bait and just beats the everliving shit out of you.
You should really worry that I don't, though. And you can interpret that however you want.
Oh and another thing:
All of your children are little shitstain faggots, and they'll probably die young from being retarded and having losers as parents. Fuck them too.
How about we take this back to when you didn't want to kick my ass? Remember those days?
That's like telling a gay dude "remember when you were straight?"
The worst part is knowing you don't care.
Everything that happened, you lashing out at me, closing things off so suddenly.
But you not caring hurts more, you know?
I would understand if there was more, more blaming me, more sadness, more... more anything really?
An apology would have been the best, still would be... but at this point I'll take blame, I'll take ANY kind of reaction.
But you don't care and that sucks so much more than if you were toxic about it.
Nothing's gonna change, at best I'll get baited into having a pang in my heart by some bots or other sad sacks like me thinking I'm their special someone.
I just wish you cared more about me, I wish there was any kind of... anything, for me, that I had a bit more importance.
I don't think anyone enjoy feeling disposable.
Still miss you like you wouldn't believe, I think everyday about what it could've been.
I'd say more but pretending that you're also in these threads, looking for signs of me, gives me a very bland sense of happiness.
Stop psyopping me to want a gf. I don't want a gf. I don't ever want a gf.
I don't want friends. I don't want any of that. It's never worked and it will never work. I want to improve myself, leave society and never return.
Just kidding lol the grind is real fr fr
I know this feel Anon. It's devastating when we mean nothing to someone who means so much to us. Even negative attention from them wouldn't hurt as much as complete indifference. 
But I think it's best to stop thinking of them. Best to stop hoping. Better to accept and move on. We can't change things with them, but we can still do what's best for ourselves in the long run
I miss my friend a lot. I'm pretty upset about it even
just tell me what to do. ill do whatever you want. anything.
i miss only two robots...
one is k and one is f. sound like you?
tfw I am both a k and an f
let's date then k and f
Finklehouser
Frambondulorf
Fessiclesen
Ffffffffffffffoster
Am I hot or cold
fra----------- ???
Oh is it a middle name?
FurANcEEZkOoUu
Benjamin Turtle 
I Don't Give A Damn Reynolds Jr.
doxxed
it's I Don't Give A Damn Reynolds Jr. youre right how did you find me omg
w-where would you take me to for our first date?
SmaII worId
Your dad and I go way back
are you the same person or should I chat you both up at the same time?
Sometime's a man just has to let loose and get all kinds a tarded.
Taiga deserve better than some field player. We done
Your loss and whatever.
Fate was kinda mid, as the kids say.
Well, sorry, John, you're my best friend. I didn't mean to try and kick your ass in the van.
Nah the loss is yours actually
You don't even know yet. But it's fine. I forgive you.
Dear me,
Please stop doing hard drugs that you can't afford. You barely have any savings left and your partner doesn't like it.
Sincerely, me
i love how someone is replying larping as me.... i just want k and f
Ha, not like you have a choice.
You're the larper amongst pretenders.
I always have a choice in choosing how I react.
Try Being moar present.
I always have a choice in choosing the choices I choose to make
Choose on brother.
And to you too, fellow chosen
why is it always extraverted black women who like me so much at work? wheres the bimbo social butterfly white girls at this is such bullshit i don't like these fat black bitches
Feels a bit remedial.
I try to act out the role, but my heart just isn't in it, you know.
i know you don't care about me but i don't know why you lie to me. you don't need to pretend. i'll just go.
One of these days you'll no longer be my person
Every time I feel sad for being a lonely loser I remember that you actually thought I wanted to be your friend. Lol. Lmao even.
Eyeball to eyeball old Wyatt backed down.
My mojo is stronger so turn aside.Tied into something far older.
Indigenous people of North America will establish a country and return home from exile.
By following The Way, by being strong and courageous, to return the the right path of perseverance. They will be prosperous and multiply, sons will find wives and daughters will find husbands.
The natives will cease their wicked ways in a day and take land, not by might, not by power or the strength, courage, or intelligence of this World, but by The Spirit of The Lord.
woah nice cool bro all the best to ya
What a coincidence with these timings. It's over anyway. Stop trying to make me fail life.
She calls me baby because I stay inside her pussy.
Sad eyes?
You sure they weren't just reflecting you?
In a sense I'm sure. I'd have my own biases towards the way I percieve things. My earlier writings were more accurate in inferring a degree of disconnection with the world. Were you offended?
Offers to put yellow on black will be recorded and made public
but anon think of the bumble bees
Just reminded of something someone said.
I miss my friend. 
Could be worse though.
Your love , short as it was , ruined me beyond recognition
The feeling was never mutual , the passion was a one sided fantasy I was high on. 
In another world , perhaps , it could work but in this one we are destined to be alone.
whatever happens though I wont stop.
I so desperately wanted to die in your arms but now the only death remaining for me is in complete solitude therefore I'll continue to move forward even if it ruins me.
You were always a little out of my reach.
The years go by, and we still find each other attractive through thick and thin. I always come back to wanting you when my heart is crushed or when I set someone free because I can't love them properly.
I wish you cared about me beyond just a side piece to sext when you don't feel too guilty. I would do anything for you.
No one cares. Stop trying to be important. No one wants to read your book.
I don't know that I've ever had a real friend.
Wish I could I get my money back. As though it was even remotely anything like my fault in the first place. Fucking baby.
if anyone ever has any problem with my gang, then obviously the problem is that person is a bad guy and they need to debunked. It's definitely not the criminal racketeering network of bullies that is the problem.
we'll use his coattails to feel special one way or another!
brb jacking off to skinny bitches
I tought I was improving, up and at em, had it all sorted out and I'd be over you in no time. I was feeling a bit euphoric even. Made plans to replace you in no time and jump straight into the dating scene again. Figured I'd have some setbacks along the way, 3 steps forward and 1 step back, but nothing mayor.
Now I feel like it's all coming updone. I come home from work and crawl straight into bed. I'm starting to feel like I overestimated myself. I feel lost, uncertain of what I want or who I am. And even though you explained clearly why we were not working out I feel as if I still don't get it. I will still question why.
I'm going to ask nicely: please stop spying on me.
K kinda bored with it anyways
Alright. Good. No cheating.
i felt like this too but it never works out. and then the other person gets over you and it sucks
What never works out? Getting over them?
yeah. having these plans to improve and be over the other person. its just cope essentially lol
Well that sucks. So I really did lose huh. I lost when they slowly checked out, I lost when they dumped me and I'll lose at moving on as well. Just a big loser all around.
i never should have gotten involved with a degenerate whore like you let alone gave a shit about you. what a waste of time for nothing but a damaged heart. different my ass you women are all the same. claim to want to help but all you do is damage further by your inability to control your feelings or impulses. you can't help yourself let alone anybody else. my feelings are reserved for me from now on as they should be
I want to leave bite marks on your ass. Sit on my face and suffocate me
I aspire to become a professional phlebotomist so I can draw your blood whilst you are unconscious and consume your essence. I want you inside of me.
Let me fuck your ass raw then
Hey, sorry but you insisting that I stay in your life is fucking torture, I feel bad for you, but you're just untrustworthy, and emotionally weak enough that any man can string you along into cheating, I know we're cousins, but you know damn well that the things we did as teens meant something, I am so fucking repulsed by the autistic orbiters you keep around and the notion that you think that I'd join them orbiting you makes me want to strangle you.
Also your hatred for female friendships because it's "just a bunch of drama" is 100% a result of no woman being comfortable with having your loose self around any man they're interested in.
I have a very strong libido but even I am made uncomfortable by what a large part of your life sex plays.
It's not like I have a camera looking at you or anything, surely me being on the lookout isn't too bad~
Sorry, anon. I wish they felt the same towards you.
Could be worse though
Fuck you glownigger. I'm going to make it worse
i have nothing to say to you right now. i'm skipping dinner plans at your place. something in the air or in the cosmos has me pissed off at you. something about how little you've been texting me recently, how you went into heat and hornytexted me, didn't follow through with it and didn't ask me to come over. i don't like how you've been treating me. i don't think you deserve dinner with me. you'll get silence
I'm going to make it worse
How so?
I need help. Will take some, too. Cash should fix it
I'm going to miss you a lot :((( I know your sins but until I am presented them Ur my angle. Goodbye forever :((
angle
This made me smile. Sweet friend memories from high school. Thx, anon.
Hope you find happiness soon.
daddy's lil monster. I feel influential.
What sins? Why goodbye forever?
What sins?
I think I might stop giving gamers the benefit of the doubt, Yeah...
Why so Anon y
Dear A,
I don't like you anymore, it's simple as that. Our relationship has been, or is revealing itself to be nothing more than a puddle's depth, and antithetical in all aspects except for whom we share friends with. I am on the comedown from the worst emotional episode I have ever experienced and we happened to get together right at its peak. And although I'm thankful to have had you around to help me through it and help me understand who I want to be, I can only conclude, and feel for a future that doesn't involve you.
I don't like your attitude towards personal growth; your dependencies on modern psychological treatment and the way you act like every problem you have can be solved by taking more meds; your inactivity; and I especially hate your adoption and participation in transgender ideology. I have never believed in any of these things that you take to the absolute core of your worldview. I did, however, create a caricature of what I thought I wanted to be, and what I thought you wanted. In this, I have been terrible to you. But I am trying to fall back into what I want, and I can't help but feel repulsed by the thing I tried to be for you. And now I'm acting out as you seem to have become the amalgamation of that character. We get into petty fights and I struggle to find reason to keep burning gas to see you, which I do less with each passing week. We aren't talking, doing anything fun, and I don't think we do anything to complement each other anymore.
All that said, and I don't properly think anything less of you, and I certainly don't regret the past 21 months we've been together. But I will regret any further time we spend in this shallow relationship, and I don't want to hurt you anymore than I have before.
Really, I just want to be alone for a few months...
- C
I dare you to tell me there's a conflict of interest again
Abandon me again, I heckin dare you cunt
I really fucking hate the amount of nailbed walking weight distribution it takes to maintain friendships I hate everyone fuck you all
i never should have gotten involved with a degenerate whore like you let alone gave a shit about you. what a waste of time for nothing but a damaged heart. different my ass you women are all the same. claim to want to help but all you do is damage further by your inability to control your feelings or impulses.
hits close to home for me and likely a lot of others, sounds like a typical zoomette bpd cunt, only difference is she couldn't damage my heart if she tried because i see her for what she is. and yeah, women all think they're "the good one" or the exception to the rule when in actual fact they're carbon copies of all the other stupid sluts in the world, retarded bitches who use websites like this in particular could all be clones of each other and it wouldn't make any difference.
youre the only girl for me. why cant we just be nice to each other now
Surprised thread survived the night
it's getting nice and cold and rainy now, and I feel in the mood for deep blue and warm orange, it's been so long since I've seen a fog around here too so here's hoping, feels Christmassy strangely, or maybe Halloween, but it's nice, feels like lots of strange things going on lately too huh
jesus fucking christ do I need to play some videogames together again
Dear gregrey opdahl
I hate you.you've ruined my life.rott in hell
-ex resident of 5240
what did this gregrey opdahl do
Meaghan 
I'm one step closer to bringing us back. I'll never forgive you until then but I made a promise and I'm going to protect you I'm going to make your life better and I'm going to find you just so I can see you smile when I talk to you again. I love you
John
I'm glad I don't think or care about you much anymore. I almost killed myself because of what you did to me, not like you would care, and frankly I would never want you to know that. If there's one silver lining of what you did to me, it made me stop idealizing women. Other than that I want you to keep fading from my memory until you're just a shitty paragraph in my life instead of a chapter or even the end.
He ruined my life. He's a horrible ugly gremlin from hell and is ugly on the inside and outside-he's pure evil.
-ex resident of 5240
lol did you give him these 18 one star ratings
did he mess up a procedure on you or something, or do you just know him and he's an asshole?
gif 
one of the energies ever 
but with a wistful, contemplative, saintlike millisecond of an eye twinkle at the end
1 star ratings?
Did you ever think that MULTIPLE people hate his guts and gave him 1 star ratings?
He should have been aborted and never born. He's an ugly gremlin and nobody likes him, they just tolerate him.
Dear gremlin gregory dimwits,
Go die in a fire. The flames will remind you of your real home, HELL! Chop chop! Hurry up and die you demon!
-ex resident of 5240
there's an anaesthetist with this guys' name with a bunch of bad ratings on some website and that pic looks like it could be an anaesthetist
yes but it would be funnier if it was all anon, still 18 is a lot of bad ratings for an anaesthetist
what did he do to you specifically because it makes me wonder about whatever other possibly 17 or 18 people could have also had a problem with this guy
Supposedly he's retired but idk.
Greg you're trying to be Nancy drew YOU GIGANTIC PUSSY but that's just you being an OUT IN THE OPEN undercover investigating and it's not working. Supposedly your retired and don't work anymore. Go off to hawaii and leave everyone alone. Yes, I hate you and you know exactly why, dipshit.
All Greg has to do was leave people alone, mind his own business, stay out of others business and don't fuck with others. It's that simple.
I love the Opposite Day tsundere bot and I will kiss it on the pinealplate
Instead he invades other peoples privacy, gets involved and fucks others people's shit up, literally starts shit for no reason and gets others involved
first you should calm the fuck down then you should watch The Killing of a Sacred Deer
also there's another website here with some patient statistics or something and is say 0% have depression so you must be doing ok
I have absolutely no clue what the fuck you're talking about.
are you daisy duck the place where it says he works has a review shit talking them
I assure you I'm not this guy and I'm not prying into your life I just think this is funny
daisy duck
Ew. Please stop.
I'm a random guy in another country so if that makes you uncomfortable that I can find a random google review possibly from you then I dunno what you're hoping to achieve doxing this guy talking as if he's in this thread, if this guy is that much of a nemesis to you you should probably find a different outlet for this, and don't take that as going all fisher king on him or anything ok, if it's financial and you've taken a blow or something at this guy's gain and you've already sought legal options then find a levelled outcome that doesn't involve you ruminating over it like this cause you post about this guy having ruined your life a lot
oh I should add because this guys a sleep doctor if he molested you or something or just did something fucked up then just tell everyone he did that, or just tell who needs to know that, like the cops, or his wife, or I dunno
Kinda ho-hum today. And the t is sticking on my keyboard. Buy me a new one?
goodbye i guess
was probably not stimulating enough
later g8r
shall we dance,
on a bright [unintelligible] shall we fly
We shan't do anything anymore. When we're togheter all we do is drown.
As long as you keep talking to strangers and think theyre me sure no op btw love
https://youtu.be/A134hShx_gw [Embed]
I don't think they're you. I think they're stangers, which is why I can talk to them. Like I said. We shan't do anything anymore.
I was here but now I'm gone
Welcome gone.
I'm feeling horny again, it's been a while. With you I only ever felt anxious.
only felt anxious
how so?
I mean wat is a babbie?
It was like walking on eggshells.
I get that. Walked on eggshells for a selfish prick for 6ish years, I think. Dump whomever and move on. You deserve beter.
Easier for people like you
people like you
Not sure what you mean by this but that's okay.
I miss him already noooooooooo
why do you say you weren't stimulating enough?
Dearest 'm',
We haven't written to each other in awhile; I hope the smut (that is, low quality) of this place hasn't deterred you away. It wouldn't be very nice for you to depart without us adding each other off site. Not that I was hoping for that or anything. I would never come off way-too-forward and ask to exchange contact info. That would be something else.
It's probably taboo to mention, but I have a hunch you lurk this place too, and like me, probably respond to random initial-less posts, thinking it's from me to you. It's only taboo because I'd look silly if this wasn't the case, but I don't particularly mind. When effort posting, there's only so many ways of wording something until you can tell it's uniquely from one person. Anyways.
I hope you make another post so we can write to each other for the day. It'd be nice to talk to you again.
-You never quite gave me a name.
I am angry about your persistent theft and sabotage.
Dear ___,
I miss you a ton. When you're ready to move on, I'll be here to provide you with the life you always wanted and then some.
There are just certain boundaries I can't break until then.
Eight hate vibes and a dozen cigarettes later and you're ready to leave me for that daddy fuckier scoundrel. Like she will do anything but to rape me more and again. I'm glad I had her locked away or intimidated into alienation. She was never anything but an imposer, I just want you to be mine before I could ever do anything. Just be good like god intended. Jealous is zealous against self-sacrifice and that's what she is against my straying. You know I love you like cupid's arrow has struck me and she can't do that. Idiots unlike you are not even worth saying hello to to be frank. Stop trying to make me compete and keep your options open so she can get her foot back in the door and be my unwanted wench. You better come home and realize that your place is in holy matrimony to me following a breakdown of impeding factors that prevent our love. Teach the world that we're in love. I still need you more than anything. Just stay safe and see me when the world will allow. I love you forever, you know who you are, let's please have more babies, I can't fight this feeling anymore
I hope they miss you, too, anon.
Do us all a favour and sober the fuck up.
Meaghan You will have to talk to me for anything to be right you would be so much happier if you did and I'm sorry for all this happening I wonder how you'll receive my letter that I sent in the mail your life is all that matters to me and spending it with you was supposed to be more enjoyable but their are many years left so I'm here for just you. If humans could understand things they've never seen before without communicating I'm sure we would still see eachother like we did on your last birthday I loved that night and you were so happy to be mine in that moment I know we'll see eachother sooner than later
John
Just want to try if you don't try you can't ever have what you need
This one's for the crazies. Keep doing that which you do.
Secret time. I'd drink Bud Lite.
Thought you didn't like bud lite?
Sometime's you gotta do stuff you don't like every once in a while.
Sometimes you gotta not let the resentment pass peacefully, sometimes you gotta go into your enemy's ancestral home and knock over some cremation urns
Sometimes you gotta get some payback, even if your higher self doesn't wanna
add me back let's start over
Drop the info
Shoot, I'm down.
drop yours instead
*Gets real suspicious* I ain't droppin until you drop first, fren.
im sorry you're not him, he wouldnt say that but maybe other anon will drop theirs for you
I don't drop mine here anymore. This place is shit
Initials, please? Asking for a fren?
Just how much longer until Meaghan finally reaches back to me I don't want to wait but I'm here everyday just for her
Meaghan is busy finding herself with her life guru, Deandreu.
She's livin' in a cave having tantric sex twice a day and eating bugs
Aka she livin' that Greta Thunberg life
i saw the low mein in your room and if you still understand me which i think everyone doesnt or does at the same time or doesnt you are right about the older people and their self destruction and not understanding whta to care about or why you cant tell others to care about what you care about and if you still get it i lost your phone number and think youre a beautiful woman that i dont dont wish wasnt what i dont wish but its alright i think its alright to talk alright
or do i? it's that easy for me
will you please wait for me? it's complicated for me right now and it's too much to explain. it's scary. please understand. please. hopefully you still read these threads.
Billions must dance.
the tenth page
why you do that? you interfere fate
interfer destin
Even if it was over and this was to suddenly end, in addition to egregious disrespect my life remains objectively fucked with in ways that can't be undone. You're a fool if you think I will do anything for you people after this
She said she would, and she's directly told me she cares about me before.
I'm concerned she's about to be in an abusive relationship.
I'll focus on myself and my family, but I'll save her my best lifeboat when the time comes.
Thanks for the encouragement.
the point when relationships coming back would have made a difference was months ago. fuck you
ones like this make me feel real sad because it's scary to think it could apply to me, and since I know why but also the reasons why not it's just all the more panic inducing, so it's a good post
Dear ___,
You finally did it, once again I was right about you. Setting aside my doubts for three months while you tried to change. Telling me, your biggest regret was to be the same person you once were. Maybe it's time I separate myself from you to savor the faint beautiful spark you were trying to grow. Maybe this is selfish but ending this off with hating you would destroy my soul just as much as yours has. Maybe until the next life. I wish to not remanence on how you described yourself. Goodbye, until then.
The more time apart, the more I've realized how unaccepable your treatment of me has been. I do not keep people like you in my life.
That decision was not made by you, it was imposed by circumstances
damn i miss you why won't you respond. are you okay :( i just wanna be yours again and have you not feel bad about other guys who know they have no chance
All you had to do was leave me alone and I would have ignored your existence and pretended you didn't exist. You just had to leave me alone.
leave me alone
You wish has been granted (for a while now).
The behavior you got was what was deserved. Good riddance.
deserved
how so?
good riddance
jej
YoUr MoThEr'S DiCk'S oN tHe WaY
I'm going to make you regret taking that away from me
Men are pathetic. They blame women, call them whores- yet women are only capitalizing on men's stupidity of giving them money. Men need to start blaming themselves.
What's the practical difference between having to leave someone alone and having them ignore you?
i know you hate me and never wanna talk to me again now, and thats okay, but i still miss you
People can change. You never know what kind of personal growth someone will do while you're away. Maybe they will forgive you and reach out trying to rekindle things
no :( he definitely hates me
Why does he hate you? Did you do something you're not proud of?
yeah theres many things i wish i did differently
All you can do is learn from it and try to be better in the future. Forgive yourself, but don't excuse yourself.
If you can't please em replace em.
people arent replaceable
he'll probably be mostly neutral to you after enough time has passed, which is not to say that you'll get another chance with a clean slate, but it's something
Five little chuddies jumping on the bed~~~
One fell off and bumped his head~~~
You can keep the memories but free up your heart. You don't need to reserve him a spot if he has no interest in being in it.
I think this is the year to turn shit around. I even have a destination this time.
Too little too late.
But little implies there was something to begin with.
Stop deluding yourself, you're too old to be someone after a lifetime of not taking care of yourself.
I'm not that far ahead compared to you but at least I've been keeping myself afloat, how many medicines do you need just to have the motivation to make coffee in the morning?
A lesson I'm being taught again and again, which somehow I failed to learn with you, is that the marginalized are often marginalized for a reason: I've used to be patient with your foul behavior and twisted mentality but maybe I should've told you how disgusting you really are and blocked you right away.
So be it: you're gross and vile, disgusting, you fetishize who hurts you and mock those that genuinely want you good, even if they're clumsy in their ways.
You would rather hang out with possible criminals rather than give up your sickness and stick with people who's greatest fault may be social ineptitude.
You've stuck with a sick, foul person who did nothing but abuse and use you for years and defended him at the expense of your own happiness, only to be tossed out like the trash you are, because he could see you for the piece of cancerous radioactive shit that you are and he had nothing out to squeeze from you.
You've hurt me.
It isn't cute, it isn't funny.
In an already cruel and unloving world, you add more pain, to yourself and others.
You're out of friends: the people with you stick because you're relevant to their interests, because you feed them content.
What will happen when you'll be out of energy for such things?
You'll be like your idol was: stuck with you.
Will you toss yourself in the trash too, as he did?
It's too late for you: did too little, too late and it was all to put others down, not to put yourself up.
Wherever you wanted or not, you're an adult now.
To act like a child now will only make you a creep.
Daaaaamammnnnnnn!
Silly me. I forgot I didn't belong.
Yeah, heh. M-me t-too . . .
Remember next time. Geez.
Y-you too? >&lt;
It's a disheartening feeling, for sure.
It's a disheartening feeling, for sure.
Indeed
Good night
Good bye
Good riddance
I suck at sex.
I could be your sex coaching guru, but it ain't cheap.
I'm thinking happy hour white garden meets midnight seminar soiree
I feel this as well
I guess that's enough
tar-...tarot?? w-what you doin' bro?
I don't even really have that shit. That crazy af lady might but I don't.
aww baby, i'm so sorry. i knew we could have had something too. i've always thought of kid names in my future and yours is one of them. i miss you and would like to name a child after you now, if i get to that point. it has more meaning now. maybe in the next life, yeah?
I am finished.
I'm just tired of gang people looking for any and every excuse to give me a hard time so now I'm full suck it mode. I had a complex relationship with the dude besides. I get to talk some shit. Even he would understand, trust me.
He's probably looking down right now blessing me and cursing this uppity old pervert.
maybe in the next life, yeah?
Try reincarnating as something other than hog, perhaps worm is more your speed.
how many fuckin elvis's and elvis impersonators do you think there are in this thread, and how many do you think have an idea what that even means, because I don't, anyway woah hey look what a cool pic it's like a mountain and stuff
Meh it's been nearly 2 years now, think I'm going to start moving along in life.
how do i reincarnate as a worm please
your soul mate is getting away.
Good.
I hate her and she hates me.
infatuation is so dumb if youre over the age of like 25. people are always disappointing.
Yes, he woke up bratty today.
Whoa, sir. This is not that type of establishment. Settle down, or you can leave.
who is my soul mate you son of a batch of cookies
a sailor with an electric guitar and a turtleneck
i met a sailor once. he was cheating on his wife. what makes this one any different?
so did my dog
I am glad your gaslighting and insulting is getting to me less now. I still have to carry the weight but the load feels lighter. I am gaining back some weight for my health and no longer feel as paranoid. I realized recently how history repeated itself and how I had been treated similarly before about 9 years back by a guy with a similar name. I was sexually used then discarded by an older guy then insulted and made to feel deeply ashamed of myself while the guy ignored me to the best of his ability. I felt like I was drowning trying to figure out what was going on then too. Never getting an explanation made it so I couldn't figure out what was going on then too and it not only made it much harder to move on but to make proper choices. I did things I regret then too. My body isn't a toy. I am not a toy. Being treated as one by someone I deeply loved as a completely unloved child broke me. It's funny how striking it is, the similarities, down to the names.
There were some differences, though, like when my controlling parents reported me "missing" for no reason he looked for me. I think he valued my life on some level even if he disliked me at the time. Also he didn't ever pretend to love me; I just thought that was what him having me touch his penis meant. Even closing in on a decade later, an apology would still mean a lot from him; from you, it would be life changing. Is that why you don't give one?
gonna make a note if I ever break up with a girl with PTSD to never tell her why, just leave her fundamentally incapable of processing her own emotions and stuck for years on end
They didn't break up with me. They ghosted though I kept having to see them irl for a while and what little they said later was to degrade me. For both it was immediately after sexual gratification.
ok I'll just ghost and try and leave vague remnants that it was her fault. kek
Why would you do that? Do you get off on hurting women to make them obsess over you?
not the former, but the latter is cute. only issue is the moment you love her back she moves on from you. which is a dilemma for sure
That doesn't happen for me. Only one man I ever loved agreed to a relationship and he tore my heart to shreds just like the other woman he dated who loved him dearly. Yes we both left him but he could be so degrading it took a toll on us and he refused to change his communication even slightly. Also, not that I am owed sex, but we never once fucked and my drive is high. I really would have done anything to stay with him if we were even a little bit compatible. I wanted to marry him forever.
Wanted to marry him forever
Left him
It's incredible how illiterate some people (women) are.
Do you know what "forever" means, sweetie?
ah, I tried. I was trying to make up a scenario so you'd attribute that distasteful behavior to him and you'd move on but it didn't seem to work. not sure if your name is spelled with a C or K. hope you can move on though, been reading your trauma loops on here for awhile now. be well
Okay, I wanted to marry him forever conditional on him not treating me like an inferior and putting himself above me constantly while never fucking me. He wouldn't comply so I didn't continue trying to marry him. Happy?
It is. I have been here for I believe 7+ years, on and off. Different styles and such. Limerence is to cptsd what alcoholism is to regular ptsd. 
Also
thinking they are doing the unsavory behavior i trauma loop about will make me get over the trauma loop about them
Kek but I appreciate the sentiment. I really do.
yeah, I kinda saw you pretty far back on the archives too. 
and hey now. it's why I didn't do the "hurting women" bit.
Dang, how far back can you recognize me?
Also, them being cruel doesn't help me get over them. It just mskes me want to sudoku.
Dear ???
I don't hate you. Your new friends are going to make you feel bad to keep you on a chain. Be smart about it.
A
What do you mean by on a chain? Are they trying to get me in trouble or danger?
Forever conditional is not forever either.
Not that I blame you for leaving, I don't know you, but words have meaning and forever is either forever or it isn't.
Dear Greg O
You stole shit from me and sold it. You had Dennis physically assault me and wound him up to attack me for your own amusement. You constantly invaded my privacy and always crossed my boundaries. I had no personal space and you perpetually made my life worse. You made chores more difficult to accomplish, you claimed territory that wasn't yours and pulled mental gymnastics to explain away your terrible behavior. I was trying very hard to live a quiet life and keep to myself but you wouldn't allow that and you drove me insane. I hope you get what's coming for you because you're a terrible ugly coward.
No, I'm killing myself by Sunday if I don't get that job.
Do you understand?
I'm done. I'm sick. I've been sick since my birth as a fetal alcohol baby.
As much as I tried, I'm done.
Nobody's hiring me, nobody likes me, and I sure as hell know me shuffling off the live parade won't upset any dieties.
These people wanted me dead, and fine I guess I'm gonna do it.
There is a void you go to when you die and after clinically dying from anaphylaxis, I've been to it.
Fuck this world, fuck you and your wishes, and fuck off.
Are you in aus pls respond
I would forgive you if my cost was for organ.
You talking one of those home, electric organs for a couple hundred bucks, or one of those massive piped organs in churches?
I need to fuck you NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOWWWWWWWW
nah thx but i'll pass
is this for cat poster? did you ever find out if it was a person posting cats or a cat posting? that could have unforeseen consequences with your choice of romantic partner
I hope that I catch you out sometime. It's good to see you. I like the way you exist in this world. It's like you have your own gravity in the way that you take care in all that you do. It always drew me in when listening to you. I still remember the last time I caught you... it sounds creepy but it was nostalgic being in your presence. I miss you.
2 years is a long time, anon. God speed.
I feel silly now. You know, I should stop implicating myself by others. I have a lot to learn and I can do it myself.
R
I have written many letters to you but I never send them. I have so many things to say to you until I realize that I really don't, and I think that's why we haven't talked in so long, everything else aside. It's not that I'm leaving things unsaid, it's that those things don't quite "fit", they're inappropriate and unnecessary. A long time ago we reached a point where no further interaction could take place and we were both supposed to go our separate ways like we never met. And that's what I did. I knew, and still know, that it was the right course of action, and I hate that to this day. I hope it was easier on your end. This is starting to feel inappropriate too so I'll stop typing now.
Glad I never took (You) seriously, pathetic loser.
if i were to contact you would you still fight me? im scared you wont be here much longer. i wish we could have hung out and watched a movie or something. i guess that would just be for me tho.
What if I fucking kill you, what then?
damn dude. thats a feel. im vibin it tho on fleek frfr. kinda feels like necromatic and shit like we was never really alive since then. some kinda like immoral bastardization of what once used to be pure intentions and whatnot. damn
A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z,
your all nice ppl and im glad ur my frends :D
keep your head up high
i'll gut all of you like fishes if you get close
are you going to eat me and put me inside of you?
You reacted to what I wrote.
You're actually here reading my shit.
That's genuinely disgusting.
You know I am here, you read my shit, you react to it elsewhere but don't actually own up to the act.
I feel gross, thinking that a leech like you was feeding off directly from a wound you caused.
I will stop coming here, you will not use my coping mechanism as a way to feed your sickness.
You really are just a fucking creep.
Please don't go. This is not what it seems, I can explain it.. . .
That's hilarious. You know you couldn't stop coming here if you tried. I'm irresistable. You'll never be happy without me and you know it. I'm never going to stop playing with you, my little toy.
You really are just a fucking creep.
this is unintentionally hot
you write like Elliot Rodger
Let me creep on to the other side.
succulent bait
Where are your friends now, creep?
J
Where did you go? I used to see you every time I went down the main street, drinking in one of the bars like clockwork. Did you stop drinking? Did you move? I wanna know what happened but I don't want to unblock you to find out. As shitty as you were to me, I hope you can get help for your alcoholism before it's too late. You'd be 31 now, you're too old to be getting fuck eyed every night. The liver cirrhosis is closer than you realise. I really hope you made it and you aren't waking up in piss soaked sheets anymore. Remember when you shit on my bedroom floor and tried to blame it on my dog (who was outside)? Remember when you gave me all that meth that you said was MD and we played Uno for 48hrs on the balcony while your friend sobbed about that dog he killed when he was high? I really got my life together after I broke up with you. I never had a problem with drinking, but I gave it up anyway because it reminded me of you. You were a fucking disaster. I should have called an ambulance when you took all that acid and drank all those beer and did all those lines and were nodding and rolling your eyes and drooling. Your poor brain. 
Anyway. Hope you sorted your life out. Don't ever message me again.
E
Meaghan 
I just want happiness and to never not have misunderstandings and always be here for eachother.
You and i can change and we can do better together than with anyone or anywhere else the 2 years we spent together will bring us back together and we will make a great home and family I miss you and I love you
John
john the only real nigga here, he says both names no fucks given, the rest of you clowns don't even add initials anymore
not gunna gaslight me ya fuckin glowie fuck ive got keen eyes on you little fuckers 
'oh wow look guize john doe is posting his social security card number wow what a champ!'
that sounds like a whole lot of COPE for having NO BALLS
yeah youd like that wouldnt you you women fucker i bet you like kissing girls you absolute faggot absolute shit taste
Posting one name isn't even close to exposing anything there are bazillion people with that one name and only us 2 would know anyway so why would I care to not say
yeah but these letters arent meant to be recieved man and even if two people dont meet here you can have friends and frienda of friends that can figure this shit out its unecessary
Rebecca,
To this day you are the most compassionate and kind individual that i have ever known. You have set for me the standard of greatness that i strive one day to achieve. Yet the memory of you is also a source of my deepest regret as i will never allow myself to foget all the ways in which i have failed you. It is your memory that keeps me going every day. Our brief time together a reminder that no matter how bad things seem.... something wonderful and life changing could be just around the corner.
I iwsh that i could be there to see you at your happiest but i dont deserve that. I cant return to you the degree of enrichment that you bring to my life. I would do anything I could to help you but i cant do what should be the easiest thing in the world. Im sorry. Thank you for allowing me to be a part of your life for a brief moment. It was a lot of fun.
-Max
I still miss you. I'm also glad you ghosted me. It was doomed from the start. We were better off parting ways sooner rather than later.
I cant say that i regret it all. I got to make good on at least one of my promises but for the most part...
theres no meaghan at the end of the tunnel
How many more failed relationships will it take for you to realize you're inherently broken as a person?
I'm not trying to have new relationships I'm trying to save the ones that dissappeared so that no one has to be broken
Hoping for that divinity behind the words.
That echoes something meaningful.
Yourself.
gon echo you momma th ats who
that whomsta ecco bih
I'm pretty sure if everyone's personal shit got leaked everywhere -- like everything they're up to -- the results would be pretty hysterical in terms of who is really a "good guy" vs "bad guy." Really quite positive.
hey john i found meaghans discord add it before she deletes it
I just wanted to conduct an affair. You are being so criminal and I wish you'd wake up and realize that I want NOTHING else to do with you than a few quick fucks and to deny your stupid plans. I just don't want to be your monkey wrench anymore and I'm not a floozy, I'm the antonym. I was yours and waited for you for years. I am yours and you keep trying to give me away. I am just horny and in need of a type of respect that you will never give me because you think I'm subhuman. Your own admission. I am really beginning to hate you and want to commit suicide for the way that you climb on top of everyone and have no regard for my sexual needs. I am not a toy for an invalid. I will never be anything but a regretful suitor that regrets his relationships and life unless you change and stop pimping. I do not want to settle on an idiot for the final time. Stop trying to make me please. Just come home and realize that your hatred and greed is taking over with a vengeance and you are asking too much from a simple man. I just wanted you to be crazy about me and I'm little more than an afterthought and a victim to you.
i jus don like u bb
Trying to save...? Remind me again why you failed in first place. You're a shit person at core, stop trying to keep torturing the poor souls that had the misfortune of meeting you.
Nah, this big clusterfuck is all about judging you, not me. Bet.
Also WHAT COUNTRY IS THIS BITCH SUPPOSED TO BE FROM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTE_CnjqCRw [Embed]
You are unfunny I just want to be happy I just don't want her to suffer like everyone else that betrayed me I've watched people crumble from doing such awful things and leaving people that truly cared for them I just want understanding and safety and for good things to happen I'm so tired of how this world has been when I love her so much and when every single person I meet ends up running themselves into the ground when they burn everyone around them I'm full of scars and I'm in love with her and I'll keep trying my best for her
Big ass arca concert. Blotted in the parking lot. Doing meth everywhere and screaming out the n word. He thinks he can just show his penis to anyone he wants. He loves to eat ass due to a vitamin deficiency. Allegedly. *snaps fingers*
damn john u kinda sexy here
ok i guess its pretty clear you want nothing to do with me besides mutually assured destruction so ill just go away now. i wish we could have been friends even if it was just for awhile but youd clearly rather slit your throat than be near me for a second. 
narcissists really do just take all their drama to the grave. dont say i didnt try
looks like a turd nibbler
dear me,
i'm really lonely
signed, 
-me
