the first three days my sister was kicked out of the house for failing school she became a stripper and got immediately adopted by a multi millionaire and lives in his mansion 
He's fucking 35 and actually kind of good looking 
the conversations with this giga chad are some of the most intelligent I've ever had 
says he loves my sister because of how timid and innocent she is, once he heard of her situation he couldn't let it be and took her in 
IT'S NOT FAIR. ITS JUST NOT FUCKING FAIR. SHES 18 AND DIDNT EVEN FINISH HIGH SCHOOL AND IS LIVING A BETTER LIFE THAN I EVER COULD IN 30 YEARS. I HATE WOMEN SO MUCH WHY DO THEY COMPAIN WHEN THEY WILL NEVER BE HOMELESS OR HUNGRY NO MATTER WHAT???
Couldn't you just be happy for your sister? At least she's not a stripper now.
Focus on improving yourself instead of blaming others.
where in this post do you see him blaming her for anything? do you even know what the word means?
Kill yourself you fucking reprobate
There's no real reason
For your continued existence
You would get more
Benefit doing anything else
Yet you think this
Supersedes all of them
And for what reason
Would that be how
Are others supposed to
Benefit there is no
Real benefit from this
No internal development or
Anything nothing that would
Improve anything I wish
That you'd just die
Already there is nothing
You couldn't dare to hurt me over9000
Your life is not as special as you want to make people think
so why didnt you kill me yet over9000?
I would hate to imagine the life that you are living
Offer certainly nothing that
you are too weak to defeat me oh woah
Don't think that you'd be the great hero you think you'll be
Would justify your garbage
at least im not a bronetard over9000
You act no different from them so I have reason to believe otherwise
Which you still believe
its just for your ebin reactions over9000
I would hate to have your kind of life
i would hate to be a dogfucker like you over9000
Your KF gossip won't get you anywhere IRL
Would make the earth
A better place considering
Your beliefs on how
It is supposed to
Save humanity from its sins
it wasnt a gossip, you confessed over9000
The delusions you want to spread to others won't save this world
your brother got married and you oh woah?
You aren't as great as you want people to think
you aren't as cool as your non-virgin twin brother over9000
