<comment>
As a victim, or as a criminal suspect? Did it go alright for you?
<comment>
Both 
No 
It was dark and they started beating and kicking me before arresting
<comment>
When being arrested for an imagined charge, the police officer asked my name. I was so flabbergasted I didn't register that anyone had asked me a question. He said if I kept acting like that I'd get shot. Police don't even carry guns in my country. 10/10 experience.
<comment>
Local drug dealer busted
They find my phone number along with several WhatsApp messages of me ordering weed
They ask me to come at their station
"Blabla we found this on his phone number blabla we can charge you with blabla..."
"Am I being arrested ?"
"Not yet"
"Am I free to go ?"
"Yes"
Walk out of the station
Never heard from them again
<comment>
Both, and yeah was alright. 
No complains about or trouble with them really, just with the shitstains that caused the disruption.
They are also hiring some really qt girls around here, which is as deeply worrisome as it is nice to observe.
<comment>
no but a few years ago my mom received a letter from the police because what I was watching was too fucked up or something like that
never heard anything from them again but I still think about it (I was scared shitless at first)
and no I never watched cheese pizza (exept one time but I was 12 at the time so doesn't count)
<comment>
what strain of retard uses whatsapp text messages to communicate with their dealer?
<comment>
Die polisie gee om
topkek, I'm unironically in South Africa and thinking about joining the police. Is it a good idea y/n?
<comment>
What did you watch, then? Do you have any idea?
<comment>
I ran from the police once. I was smoking weed with some friends in public and a cop car pulled over. As soon as the guy got out I sprinted off.
<comment>
Dangerous, mediocre pay, no upward mobility. Go for it dude.
<comment>
I really don't know 
maybe loli hentai ? but it's just drawings who cares
<comment>
Being a policeman is literally being a gangster with a badge.
<comment>
mental health visit - treated like a criminal
had talked to a minute-clinic doctor about insomnia and inability to sleep for the past 3+ years
bad time in my life
was honest when doctor asked about likelihood of depression and suicidal thoughts (passive)
go home that day
fall asleep at 2 in the afternoon
wake up to 3 cops standing over me
they are yelling at me
they forcibly grab me by the shirt and force me up. ruin my shirt
tell me they are taking me to the hospital for an "emergency evaluation"
decline and say I'd rather not
not given an option - they start reaching for their nightsticks/guns as if they are looking to fight me (i am offering no physical resistance)
tell them I don't want to go in handcuffs - considering I'm not even resisting
not given an option
taken to the county hospital in handcuffs
forced to sign in - the cops don't unhandcuff me for a long time while i am at the counter as if they are getting off on it
have to stay at the hospital for almost 20 hours until i get "evaluated" - place was packed with actual crazy people
immediately released - lie to get out when asked about suicidal thoughts again. not committed
just told i am depressed. already knew that
wasted my time
utterly embarrassed by the situation
learned later the minute clinic doctor called things in, simply due to saying yes when asked about passive suicidal thoughts.
never went to a doctor again about mental health problems
never sought help ever again due to gaining a huge distrust of the mental health system despite probably needing something
Mind you, I had never had an encounter with the police in my life. There was nothing on my record - not even a speeding warning or ticket. They escalated the situation and were immediately hostile when they entered the house. It's the exact opposite behavior you'd want to do with someone who is actually suicidal. If someone was actively suicidal, they'd likely resist and go for the suicide by cop option.
<comment>
this is intentional, they want people to kill themselves rather than seek help.
<comment>
One time during peak covid I left the house to shop for groceries and a couple approached me about not wearing a mask. I was a hikki-neet at the time and wasn't even aware that they wanted people to wear masks as I don't watch the news. They made a big deal about wanting to talk to me outside and then took my name down "in case I did it again" and gave me a mask. They acted like they were just being friendly and that they did my a favour by not arresting me. I bought some masks in the shop and when I got home I googled it so I wouldn't have this happen again... There were zero legal requirements or restrictions on wearing or not wearing a mask. The government suggested wearing one but wasn't punishing people for not wearing one.
Another time was when like two dozen cops entered the house searching for a drug lords operation. They brought a bunch of guys in body armour, sniffer dogs and helicopters... and discovered my older brothers three sad little marijuana plants. They searched everyone's rooms and asked us all questions and confiscated his trees...and completely missed his baggies of pot on his bed. My little brother and dad got hit with drug production charges because they admitted to watering the garden (where his plants were).
<comment>
lets just say the more i deal with cops the more i dislike them.
<comment>
I've had a few car accidents so yeah. Week before last I got rear ended.
Also I had to talk to a detective when my grandma got murdered.
<comment>
fight whit mom
be 14
175 cm strong light skin that goes to the gym every day 
have fight whit mom (ex junkie crazy af divorced)
get so angry whit her that i broke the door whit one leg kick
start hitting the floor out of pure anger
mom calls the police
mom talks whit da police
police arrive at my bedroom
look at me like im a fucking piece of shit
 we need to talk whit you anon
they look at each other and bum!
two 2m dudes against me (didn't do a thing)
they beat the shit out of me
he said that if he sees me again he will kill me
since that moment i dont like the police 
after that i needed to go to the psych ward every 3 months bc they think that i was an abuser or some shit
<comment>
tought sry for bad inglish
<comment>
Drug stuff a couple times when I was a kid. First time I was driving like a retard because I was a self-destructive teenager on way, way too much Xanax. He just thought I was stoned, so I got a distracted driving thing. Even then, that was only because I "lied" to him (told him I hadn't smoked, amended it to "I took an edible" when I put together what was happening and did some risk analysis).
Went off to college. Got busted for smoking in my dorm, had to take some bullshit substance abuse thing at the health center.
Overall, I guess I was just a retarded, nonthreatening teenager who got lucky a couple times
<comment>
Can't hate the police. Were more than human and compassionate to me.
