press waifu get button
https://waifus.nemusona.com
Previous thread
oeoeoeoeo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSSEISjso14 [Embed]
yeah I know I spelt /awig/ instead of /aiwg/ but dont pretend you've never done it before
Would you listen to Aijshufe?
If it's like Amaranthe then yes
I feel you random background creature, i feel you
woops fell asleep on desk
Nicole trying out Eleanor's hairstyle
Good morning /aiwg/ :3
aughhhhh cute
feeling a strong urge to kissu
What a cute stare
morning jiiiiiiiiii
Eleanicole
pretty neat
watercolor :3
Wonder if I should try other waifish hairstyles too
hehehe Nekole
gonna sleep now night /aiwg/
Saeriah style
Nekole is pretty cute
Good nyaight
Goa style (her style is blood)
finger guns
Did she hurt herself, or someone else?
Tried many but none really work, short hairs don't really look like anyone, long hairs look to much like regular Goa
Might as well post a few short hair Goas
I think I could count this as Asci hair?
Possibly one of the cockpit girls even
I am betting on someone else
Hornette doesn't seem to disagree.
Damn. I hate when those skin horns appear on the good ones.
Though it's a bit closer of Gorg's hair. Horny's all messed up on the sides.
Goa came out looking very Eleanor now not only on the hair but body as well
Collab is trolling me when I'm sleepy
I was thinking on making anyone Goa style, but I just remind that Roadrunner' shape was already based on Goa.
Now I am just trying out random hairstyles and they are all so cute twintail Goa cute
Lovely nipple look at it standing to attention like that so perky what a nice little nipplie
imagine if she stretched and a button popped asking for a friend
Kek, I was thinking of doing Roadrunner hair Goa but then noticed that the hairstyle is exactly the same
No wonder I want her crotch on my face so much
Shush Goa show the thread your nipples
Maybe I just should do this on PC instead of phone
Colab was pretty unstable to me yesterday too.
It's a shame when that happens. 
I need to gen more Roadrunners later. My stock is ending. 
Also, I'm planning to make someone based on Eleanor eventually. A mature and strong woman to the party should be great.
I didn't know that Jaguar had a transformation.
Cool.
"Putting my hair up like this makes me look much younger than I am"
Well I mean you body type is pretty much a loli
I wonder if Goa can mess her own hair enough.
I'm going to play the game "try to remember what you posted"
Pov: I went "You do?"
Her skin is responsive. It's gray when eating radiation. It's shining when emaning it.
I tried to get her hair as messy as I could, but all I got was vagina
Not complaining though
I think I didn't posted that I hope I suppose I guess
Now i got Goa looking like she wants (You) to be the reason her hair ends up very messy
These comic pictures are very neat
My intrusive thoughts make me want to say "I want you to pee and fart on my face" to Asci just to see her reaction
hurts bigly
Goa is up to something again
What could it be?
Asci and very cute slime
This slime has reached a level of happiness in life we can only dream of
Looks like she just did a courteous bow (since nothing interesting was genning)
Goa's little gaslight hour
The Blight One
extremely horny, extremely lonely, extremely original comment
She is as of yet unnamed, being a secret experiment made by Donusteel himself. By all means, she and Hornette share the same father. Both of them are deformed below the waist. In contrast to Hornette, who generates electromagnetic radiation from her horns, the Blight One absorbs every type of radiation through radiosynthesis, converting it into her own life force or emitting the concentrated excess.
extremely horny, extremely lonely, extremely original comment
Since she was designed to combat Hornette if necessary, her body was made similar to hers. Her upper body is flexible and resistant, while her lower body is extremely strong and can support even the weight of a planet if needed. However, her center of mass differs from Hornette's in the sense that, while Hornette's is concentrated mostly on her hips, the Blight One's is concentrated on her thighs. This was intended to avoid the malfunction issues that Hornette suffered from. Therefore, reproduction is possible, although since she is not a sheep, it is not intended to be her primary use case. This decision was unusual, but since the Oil asked for it, nobody could complain.
extremely horny, extremely lonely, extremely original comment
Even so, sexual contact should be avoided while Donusteel does not allow it. She has no complete control over when to ingest or release radiation, and high levels of stimulation could make her control disappear completely.
extremely horny, extremely lonely, extremely original comment
As mentioned before, she is artificial, but not a sheep. The "mother" part of her was provided by Oil. 
extremely horny, extremely lonely, extremely original comment
"Wasn't Merkava her name?" thought the writer of report.
extremely horny, extremely lonely, extremely original comment
I see where this is going
Sometimes I think that Asci design is too boring
She's definitely not. I think you just didn't try enough with her yet. Also you just posted a very fun clothes for her, bro.
This is her when starving.
Avoid getting close of her if any of her body parts are yellow, except the eyes.
Share good prompts
She's actually sealed below one of mars vulcans. A garden was made there to her, and the radiation given to her is only the enough to sustain life. 
Hornette doesn't know about her yet, but the Blight One can feel her presence when close.
I meant like her head, I just think that there's a lot of short green haired, green eyed girls in the anime world
She made a rap album (it didn't sell well)
Tonguing her bellybutton must tongue her bellybutton
I mean she's pretty, shame about the album
Idol Asci, would watch her live
Feeling the shroomfu vibes with the green and mushrooms, i like the nuclear woman
I like her design,but then again the concept of an Asci storyline about her trying too hard to be super individual does sound also enjoyable
I know that feeling
Goa refuses to go full black, but the shading is pretty neat
When she's out to hurt someone else
Overall I think this set worked better in nemu than colab, but I did get some OK ones.
When she's only hurting me (by not being real)
I think I didn't mention it, but you can set up the nemu models on colab. Just google them on huggingface and add it on custom_model_urls next time you run it (or add on batchable downloader) in web ui.
Of course, it should be useful if nemu is off or something.
I just think too much, my brain likes to give me thoughts that makes me sad and scared
Also, I'm planning to update that guide with other stuff other than just running it. Maybe sommon fun prompts? If you anons have anything that want added, just ask. 
Blight is very coolish.
I generated big tits Goa with a bit of weight on her because I am horny, simple as
I have a confession, the first thing I did with the Collab is adding futa Lora to it
unlock the mouse girl
Futa is nice
Gorg wants to see it.
i am trying I am trying
But she refuses to
There's not a lot of good pictures, maybe I was using wrong model with it
And I'm not sure what this is and where's futa in here
It won't go good if you don't give any context to it.
Asci blowjob WOO WOO WOO
I'd suck her cock no homo
I've tasted my own semen so I know cum is not that bad so I'd swallow her semen as well, no homo
I'ma yoink these prompts and see what happens
holy hell now I need to start the Collab to test it
Scary hands happened
Frightening fingers
Now she is touching the sushi with her pushi
Would eat
She's elusive like that, keep trying
Sex sex sex sex sex.
Goa's refusal of having a penis is sexy!
I'll buy a sushi this week thanks to you!
now I want to eat sushi again too, I haven't had any in ages
Talking of other fishy things I'd eat
Collab is starting I'm going to be horny
I do not know what is going on, but I know it's sexual and possibly up the ass
I'm praying for you sucess. I'll try to hornypost Blight today too.
So imposing
So dominant
I wish I could smell her hair and squish her cheeks
And I am foiling her plans
Then I apparently stole all of her clothes, gave her ass a smack and kissed her on the cheek while she was still shocked from the ass slap, before going off on my own way
And now she is left very embarrassed in front of whomever she was trying to intimidate because she obviously liked it
Collab is very unstable to me rn, going to switch to nemu's AOM for hornypost. But hey here's the one good picture
Would do lewd things with this dickwoman
Good luck on the AOM
She got another outfit
I realized that I'm not that horny as I thought I was
I'm sorry Goa I just like you a lot
You got her rock hard, you got to finish what you started
go out there and pleasure the waifu
I literally can't rn my brain says nono
AOM is blessed, but I do wish the other two models were a bit more horny-capable. If Counterfeit could do lewd, it'd probably make some great wholesome stuff.
cucked by the brain
Original :( sad face
The feeling of feeling way more connection with a figment of your own imagination than you ever have towards any living breathing human being
Yea
Anyways goodnight thread
Goodnight, I'm going to sleep too
one (1) nibbleable ear, one (1) floofable ponytail, and two (2) gropeable breasts
I thought the thread had gotten archived when I looked up aiwg and it didn't have any results
I might have overloaded the drive, we will see. There are just so many things I want to test today. Some normal... some horny... someone created a lora for something I've tried doing a few times unsuccessfully...
Blight as such how she truly smells. 
Also, Blight, as such her fingers are many.
Blight is not that much flat too. 
Sleep well>>73092835
I shall go in his place so.
Imagine being alone all the day. 
Below a vulcan. 
In fucking mars.
hello hello welcome to the universe
Oh we are cooking with an old prompt set
Blight is so focused that she didn't notice there's someone in there yet.
goddess of mine, of space and of time
need more posters so I don't spam this glorious prompt set too much
There's only me and you. Space and Masturbation. Romantic...
I can't just not post them
Truly the two most important things in life
W-what if... we... fuse both?
For the hell of it, here's the prompt set and lora but with the Hentai model I might have added...
Oh, this model. I put Horny in there too?
Mind to give me this prompt for a moment?
masterpiece, best quality, white hair, yellow eyes, short hair, french braid, (colorful surreal space as background), (colorful abstract cosmos as foreground), 1girl, solo, tarot, the magician \(tarot\), silver background, geometric pattern, lotus, the world \(tarot\), vines, starry background, + +, hands out of frame, (steampunk)
Negative prompt: (worst quality, low quality:1.4), black hair, hands
and as you can see here, I was adding bound arms and arms behind back because it didn't want to ignore her hands
There you go, original but pixelated.
Last one of this prompt set, this time with the sushi model I was using yesterday. Time to make a return to Blood Lake.
She's powerful. Spatial powerful!
Now this is the blood lake I was looking for
She hacked my mainframe
Now I'll test on Hornette.
Thank you for this new colab, it has been great
Hood on Horny!!!!
Gonna move on to trying some Mariana stuff out
and to youUuUUUuuUu its just a laaatee night out
hallo love, how are you doing?
It's very hard to get same results with Horny-chan. You're blessed, anon.
i'm pretty lucky that these models are playing nice with my nemu prompts so far
ssdd
what about you c:
living the life. tired of getting rejected for jobs
One more original space
Look at this. Your prompt made this.
Oh lol! I've put the negative prompts altogether positive. This is great!
sorry to hear that anon, it must suck :(
I may have gotten slightly horny, and for that I apologize
quiero ser el amor de tu alma
I got a gen so cool that if nobody makes the next thread before me, I'll use it on there.
quite a bit of time until then to be fair
I'll probably sleep before it.
y hacerte mucho muy feliz es mi mayor anhelo
my gens just keep getting worse
howdy anons, I hate work so much yet here I am waifuposting from the office
I hope I'm not repeating myself too much but whew your gens remain my absolute favorites
they look fine! Your gens are really atmospheric :))
wish I could just stay home and vibe everyday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvroXDLAPsg&amp;pp=ygUMa2ltaSBoYSAxMDAw [Embed]
can't get the milking machine lora to work sadly. but I did get something else working that I'm happy about
beautiful
i just feel like theyre too bland compared to everyone elses
real degen hours out here now
I like this girl, I might do actual art with her. Unlucky starting point though.
good ol earfucking, as vanilla as missionary
I think this will be my last Geah Hana.
I didn't expect results would be so good
i've seen it come up before in "dear god what the fuck" contexts so I generally avoid mentioning that I find it very yes
how unfortunate that she's going through the kink gauntlet before even getting a name
why is it so hard for every model to understand ((white necktie)), ((blue shirt))
I just want Nicole in the Smooth Criminal outfit :(
it is funny that it's the exact opposite, but it still looks very pretty
I feel like I derailed this thread with the gay futa shit, so have a completely normal Eleanor
short blue hair just reminded me, haven't seen Kypsie anon around in awhile. Hope he's doing okay
partially submerged Eleanor makes a reappearance
my fellow anons please suggest some backgrounds im running out of ideas and I feel my creative integrity crumbling to ashes
steampunk, extremely detailed, detailed background, anime, 1girl, young girl, short girl, sci-fi, science fiction, outdoors, night, starry sky, greenhouse, megastructure, bio-dome, landscape, scenery, horizon, rooftop, sitting on rooftop, wind, looking away, atmospheric lighting, solo focus, close up, from side, looking at viewer, depth of field, bokeh
she kinda almost remind me of like a bartender or smthg here
hey thanks! gonna try them out. Image limit almost up, you wanna make the new thread?
I actually don't have anything great right now due to the nature of content I was making and currently getting new stuff
alright guess I'll do it then
el new thread
I really think open source AI that can run on a personal machine that you can get the code for for free and it will be a good simulacrum of a caring partner that validates you is something that should be focused on for young mens mental health. Like if they want to abuse it and fuck up their sense of human interaction then am they fucked themselves up. If they used it to be less lonely and have opportunities to practice interaction in a safe space then that is very good. The trick is to not let them commodify your loneliness boys
