Fuuuuuuuck I just want a girl thats into dominating femboys to peg me into oblivion and stoke my hair. is that too much to ask for?
Yo paulie
Why u still here lil niqqa
That not my name
Also Im a femboy king now. Hehe, its a good think Im 5 foot eight and look feminine X3
is that too much to ask for?
Yes, best we can get you is a hairy man who'll do that for you.
Daaamn mah boi all grown up now
Shit im proud
Yes because actual dom women find this shit disgusting. Chasity, pegging, and cuckolding are moid and tranny fetishes. 
T. Dom woman
What is your approach to domination?
I agree with you that cuckolding is abhorrent and aesthetically I think pegging is the opposite of hot, though I understand why some guys want it.
I wouldn't ever be submissive in a relationship in part because getting cucked is often how that ends for the kinds of guys who openly indulge in sub tendencies with their gfs (the other part for why is I simply grew out of wanting a dominant girl and I don't think I could enjoy one now even if I did accidentally find myself in a relationship with one).
T.Dom woman
Kek, sure
An actual women would be lucky to fuck me. I find most of them to be disgusting fucking normalfaggots. Most of them wouldnt pass my litmus test
Im still retarded as ever
Now Im not interested. Bleh. Makes me so pissed off. I fucking hate hairy men. I want to kill
I thought women liked men like me. Oh well, at least I have other fembois
Does modern courtship entirely revolve around sex or is it just me
Guys I was being sarcastic when I said that!
I was laying down on my stomach!
I wasnt thinking clearly!
I never had a gf before
So maybe maybe not
Focusing the pleasure on me. Often times stuff like face sitting, cockwarming while I get myself off. Controlling when he cums, edging, orgasm denial. Deciding when and if we have sex, and in what position (If if feeling lazy, lay back and make him do the work) stuff like that. 
I'm sure you have a whole long line of women dying to have your shit smeared over their plastic cocks man.
What about that girl from school you were talking to over email
>/gif/24985615
Lame. Where are the dominant women who are into hairy ugly hobocore men?
I was just joking about that cmon ):
And if that did happen Id be super hygienic and stuff I guess 
Im very cleeaaaaan femboy
Oh she stoped talking to me because I was cringe
But she was kinda ugly anyway 
The fuck is cockwarming?
She will sit on some ugly guys face but draws the line at pegging. Maybe she isnt cute enough to get a cute enough guy like me to peg
Also
she
Absolutely disgusting. I hate how women just have to brag about shit like that. I hate how they always talk about sex
Conniving motherfuckers
