this guy is full of shit right?
We're in a second tech bubble so he's probably right, but I wouldn't make any career moves based off it. Especially with a recession right on our doorstep.
even before covid 120k+ offers right outta school i think were pretty rare
The places they are paying $120k at are overpriced when you adjust for CoL, it is like making $60k in south dakota
so why is he lying? for what purpose?
Why would NIKE need computer scientists?
Idk what Nike wants CS people for or where it ranks but the number does not seem surprising.
That post is one year old. You are not getting 120k offers as a new grad anymore, we are in the middle of a recession and there are hiring freezes and layoffs at every large tech company. I saw an SDE I position at Amazon being advertised as 80-100k a year just recently, and I know for a fact they usually pay 130kish. The market is also flooded with more people than ever before, every idiot on the planet is getting a CS degree or going to boot camp. But yes, this was true at one point in time. Keep in mind this represents the top 10% of entry level salaries and you likely need to have gone to a good school (though I didn't) or be in the top 10% IQ wise.
cope, you have no idea how bad things are gonna get. it hasn't even begun
Consider me demoralized
but anon they can't solve 3 LC hards in the interview
The people he's describing are what we call "upper middle class", or, if you prefer Marxist jargon, "labor aristocrats." It's not a new phenomenon.
still makes me want to give up on life desu
Im not good at stocks, crypto, or investing and i did not get straight As with titan connections in college
I make 91k/yr and now i just feel like a chump
Household income is a meme. 
And its pretty easy to make a 'ton' of money in a big city where rent eats your entire paycheck, but what's the point when you're still living paycheck to paycheck? 
My highschool buddy made $120k in Portland but he was never any better off than me making a fraction of that in bumfuck nowhere making shit for pay. In fact I have a small house and he rents so in some ways he's worse off. 
The overwhelming majority of (young) people in the US are very poor by the standards of our parents anyone saying otherwise is using judeoboomer bullshit stats like fucking household income.
Unless you live in one of the most expensive parts of the country, you are absurdly privileged by literally any metric and I am not going to feel pity for you.
I've never been asked LC Hard for any entry level position, that's for positions with more experience. 
Anyway, it's not worth it to work for FAANG or any tech company in these market conditions anyway. They are going to overwork you a slave so you don't get laid off. Better to find something more chill for a while. Defense industry is a good safe haven, no economic pressure because government money is always flowing.
You're right.
I prefer petite bourgeoisie
yea, it's completely fucking over man.
I made 260k last year as a coder, I've only had one job so could prob made more if I job hopped.
I work remote so my expenses are low.
Nah, they just check if you've done drugs or been arrested. They don't check your web history or anything like that. There are probably other industries immune to this but I can't think of any at the moment.
Coasting is alive and well for seniors who survived layoff. But you are probably right the industry will change longer term, and I don't know what it's like for NCGs. Getting your foot in the door has always been the hardest part tho.
Amazon doesn't count they've always been the PIP factory.
How many years of experience anon?
fuck you, faggot bragging shithead
If you're a dev at an F500 company and they're paying you any less than $100k, you're getting scammed.
5, I think salary progression was roughly
120k -> 150k -> 180k -> 220k -> 260k
this is at non-FAANG place
poeple I know that work harder than me and got FAANG jobs or job hopped make more like 300k-500k 
I'm kind of stagnating rn career wise and there's off an on hiring freezes at bigger companies
it's unironically lifefuel, rather seeing some fag programmer make it to the upper class, than some cunt bragging about pp in vagina
why would they not need computer scientists?
Same but your progression seems pretty good especially for non-FAANG (or, non-FAANG-tier I assume). Is that salary or total comp? My career progression has been abysmal but my pay is top of band AIUI.
programmers are so fucking disgustingly overpaid bring back the guillotine
Wow that's really nice, how many hours do you work a week? Do you know any product managers or their hours/salary?
Very different from what was going on before the French Revolution though. Just late stage capitalism death rattle, same reason nobody under 35 will ever buy a house.
lol
total comp but mostly salary + fixed cash bonuses not rsus 
how much you at? I'm kinda bummed cause I should've either been a whole promotion further by now but they did a pause during middle of pandemic and then I've honestly been slacking off lately so so meh
boss I know left for FAANG and was trying to hire me over but then they did a top down freeze last year :\
like 3 hours a week or something lol I worked harder during initial promos
trying to get back to that level but my brain is rotted
Based, I need to do tech
they really hate to see anyone do well in life lmao
400k. Was at goog L4 equivalent a decade ago and haven't passed L5.
For anyone who thinks coding is a robot job they're dead wrong. There is a glass ceiling for robots and staff+ role is 100% about social capital and filled by political psychopaths.
what we hate are rightoid bootlickers like yourself
nice
what area do you think is good to try and focus on or languages? I've been kind of generic back end dev
thinking of getting better at golang and maybe rust/cpp and learning more system design stuff
idk i'm stagnant don't ask me
cpp, python, machine learning probably good
people say read designing data intensive applications
stay poor sweetie
also you will never be a woman
is...is this what being jewish feels like?
my nose keeps growing each day.
