I lost my Aspie dream gf what do now?
She was the sweest girl I'd ever met. people compliment her everytime she goes out), has a thin, healthy body and at the same time majors in Applied Maths (that's crazy af for someone retarded at Math like me to comprehend). She's pretty much the opposite of what i've been told about women on the internet.
She has vast knowledge about everything: from architecture, philosophy to movies and music. She's into obscure stuff that you've probably never heard of. She is smart, witty, into 4chan memes and even built her own PC.
Dated her for a solid year and was wonderful but one day she decided to break it off bcuz i was lashing out too much. Did i fuck it up guys? How do i even go on living anymore?
Pic related
what did you do. and yes obviously
bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahaha
You'll never get over her for as long as you make these stupid threads about how cool your math autism ex was. But if this is just bait please continue.
More pic related
It is not bait anon im genuinely devastated i went on tinder and all i see is a bunch of shallow chicks I'll never find anyone like her again
yeah, you should probably murder her, no reason to have this kind of competition
I'm sorry, anon.. Where did you meet her? How did it end, if you don't mind sharing?
Hey I think I know this girl. What did her name start with OP?
She is a shitposter on fb...met her through a group of friends. She is into anime and arts in general. 
It started to crumble when I'd get angry about her being friendly with other guys and being nitpicky about the slightest shit. But in retrospect it was just problly due to her OCD. Ive always been a nerd but I'm socially outgoing whereas she was rather shy. We'd do drugs together and it was going fine...then she started having doubts.
V. Are you in Vietnam by any chance? She's half Viet half French btw.
I knew you were Vietnamese! Check out a cool band called Pilgrim Raid, also Mona Evie. Some great experimental stuff coming out of your country. And nah I don't know her.
She sounds like the coolest girl. You fucked up, anon. You dont see chics like her often
You are ugly and look like a Jew, stop self posting you dumb whore.
I am more a Ran Cap Duoi guy but tks. She was a friend with Mona Evie btw
Anon send her my way she sounds perfect. I will bully her for being applied and not pure. I don't lash out very much.
Also sorry that happened to you
Yeah they're good too, you'd like pilgrim raid. Anyway, small world. If she was friends with Mona Evie people she was part of your aesthetic elite, so hard to replace. Sorry dude, I don't know what to tell you. It must be a small world up there in Vietnam given half of your country is poor as fuck peasants. You are upper/middle class? You speak great English.
