My mae I will see and talk to you again no matter what I'm looking for you please come and talk
I know you must be feeling just as shit as I do
She is just fine, and is enjoying the company of other men. Men very much unlike you.
grown ass man with that can you feel my heart haircut
That's just false
meaghan is on stream with me right NOW kick.com/leafy
No.
I will continue for the goodness
Erica and Hanako are just two of the children John has molested.
Things that never happened. False accusers and trolling ducks will never win
i) what age was Erica when you dated?
ii) what physical contact did you have with Erica?
(John cannot answer these questions truthfully, because he is a paedophile)
She was 15 and I was 20 who the hell cares. The only physically contact we had was a kiss and hug and her sitting on my lap that was streamed to losers on r9k.. you fags are literally more obsessed with my ex gf than anyone should be
he molested a child
wow no wonder sheepy cheated
you're literally jimmy savile
You are an idiot she was a 15 yr old teenage girl with a barely 20 something bf something you see everyday OUTSIDE of your dimly lit room everyday
How tall is this mae?
She is 5'6
the same height as his child victims
limes you need to hand yourself in
you seem a bit too portly for the skater boy look friend also please stop posting your face
You might be retarded ill do what I want thanks
You first nigger
Mr C, will you comment on picrel?
Weren't you just 28 in 2019? I remember a 12 year old girl you groomed in Sons of Saturn
This is Limes in "Grooming Mode"
When he hands himself in, he will look like this - "TOPPED in jail Mode"
And when Hanako turns 18 and is able to visit him on the Chummo wing, he will look like this "Jimmy Savile Mode"
Facts about John S.
-from North Carolina
-got kicked out from his moms house for grooming Culti/Spice and another 12yo once in 2019
-Is 5'6
-His dick looks like an elbow, he is circumcised and has a botched cock
To my knowledge, he is the only paedophile to have his phone smashed by an underage r9k fembot
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/70261029/#q70262733
Limes is at least 30 now
his IQ must be around 30 now too
He is so ran through i dont think any BPD e-girls even want him anymore
Why is there a mugshot of him? Source? Why did he get arrested
In a Top Trumps style comparison, does Limes mog Tranny kun because his r9k gf was actually a girl? Or does Tranny kun mog Limes because his r9k gf has at least completed puberty (albeit male puberty)?
"""traffic ticket"""
which is john code for
"""grooming little girls online and getting kicked out of the family home for being a child molestor"""
PLEASE rope yourself NOW
R0HXJ
The troon Pollyanna made a group chat and called it cp and added me into it what do u expect from a troon
Everything in this post is false
You clearly don't know me
Yes a traffic ticket you're actually retarded I've never touched a child dated a child or even had sexual thoughts aboit a child I don't care about children even spice who at the time said she was 19 was only 15 she put me such a shit situation herself all i care about is meaghan I only want my gf back why don't losers find a real hobby instead of constantly trying to put me down because ur lives are more miserable than mine
You groomed a 12 year old named hexagonalpeach
Spice said you groom 12 year olds and also wanted to meet up with her to rape her, also you post CP on discord
That girl was 16 and was STALKING ME I literally deleted discord for 2 years to get away from them because it was 2 fucking teenage boys following me around pretending to be little girls and harassing me for 2 years daily 
She didn't say that and I've never once even had cp
She was 12 years old, there are screenshots limes :/ Stop lying
Apparently every girl Limes groomed was actually 19, 15 and 16 year old men while they were actually 12, 13 and 15. Stop lying John.
Has anyone seen a picture of meaghan? I'm starting to think she might have been some kid John was grooming
I don't lie and I don't care fuck off. It was a 16 yr old girl and her cousin who was fucking her they rlly thought it would be so hilarious to follow me around and stalk me until I doxxed and called the cops on them go kill yourselves you niggers are annoying
so the screenshots where you say that you want to fuck a girls 12 year old loli pussy is fake, John?
This picture alone should be enough to secure a conviction on CSA charges
Yes they were faked dumbfuck your brain must be broken. Sos was the biggest shithole for that kind of lame trolling
If you didnt groom a 12 year old then why did you get kicked out of your moms house lol
what guy needs to make this many excuses for so many kids lmao
someone call indiana pd and get them to check limes hdd
Kids that don't exist from weird faggots on r9k idk what the problem is with you faggots 
I was kicked out of my mom's house over a decade ago because the faggot she married was a little bitch who couldnt stand having a male around he wanted a home full of only females so he could try to rape my sister like he raped his own daughter
Man your picture just emits beta energy.
Bet you smell like shit and jack off to loli porn.
Stop answering the glowies they are data mining just ignore them. It sucks you were in that situation and being harassed
You're right pal, I don't know what to do with myself when the only reason I'm doing this is for her to come back
Oops, you missed a spot anon
Youre in your fucking 30s man i defended you on here a week ago because i felt bad for you getting bullied over your looks but you shouldnt be in discords with teenage girls like do you realize how fucking creepy that is? Youre not even denying hanging around them get yourself checked into a ward youre a fucking basketcase
You mean 16 yr old girls shouldn't be joining discords from 4chan lmao get urself checked nigger
And the supposedly bullying my looks is just fake they can't use a single actual photo of me to even try to bully me
Honestly your appearance isn't too bad without the glasses, can't shit on you for that, better than a whole lot of r9k, but brother you are a pedophile, you may not be a child rapist, but like everything, it's a spectrum, and you are a bit too far from "not a pedophile" to be comfortable
