NO CHUDS
NO TERFS
transmascs welcome :D
How's your day been? Why aren't you in bed yet?
gf like this plz thank you
Just go on Amazon and buy one. Make sure to select the one that has a penis.
Not a single person in this thread is a woman.
not 
one
No chuds allowed! Read the sign. 
We'll only pinkpill you.
Have fun with your fetish
Everyone in your life is simply humoring you
Day has been okay. Mostly just been rageposting on r9k.
I fucking hate gender so much.
I should be sleeping, but I'm not because I have to work tomorrow and I'm very unhappy about it. 
My ideal date is eating McDonald's in a dirty bedroom with another weeb and then playing Nintendo games with them before we have smelly sex and fall asleep.
i'm in bed but i'm watching youtube and refreshing a bunch of threads instead of sleeping ;~;
smelly sex
:(
also, does it have to be nintendo games?
no tranny to frot with
Nah, we can play something else, Nintendo games are just the most comfy to me.
Why can't you ever be honest about your self portrayals
I wanna cut. Prob gonna
tfw no boy/girlfriend to cuddle-frot with
i play a lot of obscure, mostly japanese games for outdated consoles like the ps1, sega saturn, and neo geo. that might be too weird for most people. we could have nintendo days too :3
I'm neither fat nor old nor noodle haired. I might not look like a woman but that's never stopped fat bald guys with guts posting anime girls on 4chan, has it?
Made a discord server for feminization enjoyers, I feel like people here could gain a lot from a bit of community. Hope to make some tranner friends. 
Discord invite code: tMr3ZkxN
scared to join but also want to
what does feminization enjoyers mean? like is it a roundabout way of saying trans women/traps and femboys or is it like fetish stuff
probably both i think
oregano
Moreso the fetish of feminization, although both hook into that.
You can also just come hang out if you want :)
Chaser here, where to obtain trans gf with penis?
Find one on the internet somewhere.
emphasis on g
/r9trans/
NO CHUDS
NO TERFS
transmascs welcome :D
How's your day been? Why aren't you in bed yet?
Hi emale. Long time no see :)
Sir that's clearly a biological woman, I suggest you take your pills and go elsewhere with your dirty business.
The people who make these threads look like picrel. Have a nice a day .
Most of them keep their dicks so you don't really need to specify that.
I'm going to chase you until we end up sleeping together.
Anon, literally just get a tranny gf from taimi or grindr then, it isn't difficult.
No tranny looks that cute
I will never look that cuteFuck
Nigga fuck off. Discuck is literally just a dozen of retards fapping to you or some other degen shit
A-anon, I, I um...
I don't know how to take good pics for my dating profile. I haven't used my real name or my face online in years!
Idk if I should post here....
My previous experiences with tranny freaks have not gone well
(Jamie is on hrt btw)
Do not engage with trannies you dont know irl.
If you do profile them.
Some of these people are actually mentally insane.
bBut there exist some really good people
Hahahaha, how insane are we talking?
I think Im insane too...
But these tranny fucking cocksucking freaks are evil fucking bastards. Theyre not just weird, they are fucking evil motherfuckers
I hate women and trannies so fucking much. I dont ever wanna befriend one of them
Even though Im kinda a troon myself
Just trying to find some likeminded people to talk to in a semi lewd context, no need to be rude.
Everyone is struggling anon.
And their struggles are not so dissimilar to yours.
Just accept that about people.
As for how insane...just trauma and a few anxiety and otehrwise mental disorders are enough for this sort of thing. plus the whole trans thing. 
I wish everyone was aware, informed and upstanding but being virtuous while the world pushes you to the edge is not easy...
You dont know anything about me you cocksucker. Ill make them all fucking pay for what they did to me one day
They try to pretend that theyre so nice and welcoming but they treat me like everyone else does. Ill fucking kill them all. They have such easy lifes too. They disgust me. They get to be degen retards and also have a ton of likeminded friends. When I always had nothing. Let it be known that I am the only hrt user worthy of living 
Tranny libtard freaks are nothing like me, you understand?
We are all humans. To hate is understandable. But dont confuse anger and hatred for justice and virtue.
Libtards are just misguided. Up to you to change a few if you can and if not just stand your ground and help however you can.
I am sure you have your share of trauma and directed evil. Would you like to inflict that on otehrs. Become just as evil as those you hate?
I really odnt care one way or an other to be fair to you. its up to you to do whatever you like. Just...well I am sure you will figure your own way to life.
Cant write it all out so here
https://voca.ro/1l7zgETVyTrQ
Ok then
Just improve your life. You dont have to do anything else. Evil, good. Who cares? Just do your best. Try to improve YOUR life and leave others to get their just desserts. educated yourself, do what makes you happy and leave others to their own fate. The best revenge and the best vengeance you can enact is living a good enough life to make others seethe and be jealous.
i am sure you can do it. Simple start changing today and you will do fine.
Good luck
I am a man. I pass. I pass. I am a man. I am Luke. I am valid.
Jamie cant do it ):
Im a useless person 
I cant leave them alone. I will make an anti lgbt website and stage a counter protest outside a gay bar and be super homophobic and stuff. And Id slap art codes to my website everywhere 
Would be awesome
