ye das rite wh*Te bitch, shouldnt have said the N word
Isnt that an Asian foid? Kek. Anyway I fully support joggers attacking bugwomen.
why did the big guy start boogie dancing lol
monkeys needs his cage, as usual
this is why blacks will win the race war.
I bet this was New York. Based Nigerian
I'm guessing San Francisco.
Blacks are low IQ low discipline and disorganized. They will mag dump their unregistered firearm and miss every shot, then whitey will call in the national guard.
t. whiteknight simp 
Beating roasties is based
It is but that doesn't mean they'd win an actual race war.
how come we fuck yo womens then
Ok incel. I'm sure there's a BBC thread to post on somewhere
your women crave da bbc
Joke's on you anon they just want to propagate your genetics. The real prize is funding their lifestyle.
Also I know you're not black because you can read
Imagine a world where jews DIDN'T control the media and the government. Imagine if the media actually reported on the prevalence of black on white crime instead of burying it while at the same trying to rile up black people by hyping weird cases like George Floyd. Imagine if it was actually okay for politicians to say "These black criminals are totally out of control and something needs to be done about it!"
Wouldn't that be crazy?
Looks looped
what did she steal from him?
You know you're not fooling anyone, right? I mean, you DO know that, right?
George Floyd is old news but since you bring it up, damn that case was not remotely like the left portrayed it. Bunch of fucking cucks.
Oh fuck off. He was found guilty in a court of law and jailed for a good reason.
Everybody knows George Floyd died of a fentanyl overdose and Derek Chauvin was a human sacrifice to appease the woke mob. The fact that they were able to convict him of first degree murder just shows what a joke America's kangaroo court system is.
I thought he took a shit at the end there but it was just his show artifacting lol
PEARL HARBOR, BITCH
Leftoid narrative:
counterfeit bill
Actual events:
yanked from car
Actual events:
knee on back until dead
Actual events:
Could they have done some things differently sure but come the fuck on.
