It's lonely at the top for women
why aren't you Improooving?
This is just christmas cake cope because chad doesn't want to date menopausal frumpy used up whores. Nothing to see here.
women can put out for me like they do for sexy guys or they can leave me the fuck alone
women have permanently signaled for me they are solely loyal to one thing sexy guys who they are willing to fuck quickly and any other man is those guys bitch to them
so either i am a guy they are willing to fuck quickly or i want nothing to do with them
Kill me pete
Gjbh
why aren't you Improooving?
nigga the women that get the top corporate jobs and professional positions are miserable cunts and come from wealthy families.
women are strong independent and don't need no man, incel!!
where are all the men gone? I'm infertile now! :(
There's no shortage of high status men, they just have no desire to date 37 year old lawyers.
Motherhood on ice
Why is this so funny to read, kek.
freezing eggs 
Oh no... oh no no no nonononono ahahahaa...
Remember the myth about women making less per hour doing same work as men? Remember myth about women being discriminated? Turns out women can't find men who make as much money as them now. And god forbid a woman dates a guy who makes less money than her. UnThInKaBlE! MUHSOGYNY! Patriarchy strikes back! Help! I'm being financially raaaaaped! I'm on my slaaay Queen period!
Kill me, Pete
Onegai
"Tech marketing"
LOL what a fucking joke. Not even actual tech.
Who made people and esp. women eat that funny-smelling "equal partner" meme up anyway?
Ms. Empathy who claims that all males are sooo simple to read to her should damn well notice how little most guys care to have some workaholic career-chaser with tits in their life.
Srsly bitch, most of the straight guys who claim to be okay with that nu-female shit to your face will much rather fuck a subby prostitute half their age on the weekend
those are really big cope levels
Adams is still glad she froze her eggs
why they are so reluctant to accept ONE failure?
I actually would date an older woman, it still doesn't matter though because none of them would want me.
why aren't you Improooving?
because these women aren't worth improving for. they ask magnitudes too much of you, whilst offering essentially nothing themselves that you value. they offer things *they* value, but men and women do not value the same things so they ultimately offer nothing. their behaviour and attitudes are abysmal, they are selfish, they cannot love, they cannot prioritize anyone else, they will jump to someone new without hesitation or even caring about the damage they cause to others.
what in the name of fuck would you want to dedicate your life to wage slaving and 'improving' merely to attain that? not even that, the CHANCE at that. unless you give men a guaranteed outcome at the end, and that guaranteed outcome is something they want, they will not bother to work for it because it's vastly not in their favour.
If I was a 6 foot tall, 6 figure earning, good looking Chad, no way in hell I'm marrying. Especially not some old career hoe that believes her career is her value.
why they are so reluctant to accept ONE failure?
Because they are fully ideologically committed to certain propositions being true, and they think that if they admit failure even when that failure is obvious it will undermine those propositions.
It's "too important for other women to know they have this option" for them to admit that it failed.
Kill me pete
Checkem
woman freezes her eggs in hopes of finding Chad some day
fails to find Chad because she's old, settles down with betabuxx
ends up having a son with these partially damaged eggs in her 40s
the son is inevitably autistic because of how old and haggard his mother was
son grows up into an adult
no woman wants to date him because autism
those women end up freezing their eggs in hopes of finding Chad some day
Ah, I love the circle of life.
Kill me, Pete
I'm so tired, Pete....
Women buy into this fallacy that their career makes them a more valuable partner to men in the same way that men buy into this fallacy that their 'niceness' makes them a better partner choice to women. It's just a fundamental misunderstanding of what the other gender finds attractive, and projecting what you yourself want onto what they want. 
Men do not give a fuck what your career is, 90+% of men only care about looks and personality. The female equivalent of a white collar guy making 200k in terms of attractiveness isn't a white collar girl making 200k, it's the 7-8/10 secretary making 50k. Women are attracted to status/money, so they assume guys are too, and that they are entitled to a top tier guy if they themselves have status/money. The truth is most guys do not give a fuck about the status or money of their partner, and this is what many professional women fail to grasp.
Kill, me pete slash my throat with your mighty claws
Kill me, Pete
Oringally
in the same way that men buy into this fallacy that their 'niceness' makes them a better partner choice 
except men don't gaslight women 24/7 about caring what their career is
women always say they like a nice (in synonyms now because "nice guy" became a meme) guy
when women are dealing with men whining about being nice but women not liking them after the "you're not really nice if you want women to date you" argument they'll shift to the "niceness is the bare minimum" argument (while they date a nazi who punches them in the face)
Meanwhile I see the opposite with women and the value of their career
On multiple occasions I've seen successful women melt down and start accusing men of being intimidated when they say they don't really care about a womans career 
Women aggressively pushing dating fallacies on both men and women.
Kill me Pete. I'm just tired.
Kill me, Pete
I don't claim to be a saintly man, but I deserve my rest
On multiple occasions I've seen successful women melt down and start accusing men of being intimidated when they say they don't really care about a womans career
Fucking ay this is so true.
The very ones who say that you need to listen to women to understand how they think will do this the most.
I actually like successful women, but not for their success. I don't care about that at all. I like the class markers that go with it - the way they dress, the way they speak, they way they move. The ideal woman for me would be perfectly outfitted to work in BigLaw, but would not actually work there.
You can't tell them that, though. They'd go berserk.
Tell me how/why I simultaneously have everything I need for a maximum comfy standard of living for myself, while simultaneously being a gigantic fucking undatable loser to 85% of the female population. They are so materialistic. It's just much easier for men to be happy. There's about a 35k/year gap between me hitting the point of diminishing returns regarding income where making more money basically isn't going to make me that much happier for any reason not related to bitches/vaginas, and me actually having the baseline, so so, meh, kind of acceptable income level that they would not consider me a loser at.
To be fair, women do like a good doormat, they just don't want to fuck one.
Things are fucked though for men, real fucked. So you're probably actually more likely to get a cuck simp faggot giving out bluepilled shit than a woman. But women are ultra stupid and kiked too, since they never have to develop a sense of self awareness past that of a toddler, because of how much society coddles them.
whats that? youre raising a generation of incel school shooters? teehee thats ok its really mens fault for failing your endless shit tests and ceaseless attempts at cuckoldry
In her book, Inhorn writes that closing the gap between the genders will be a "critical policy challenge in the decades ahead". But until society "fixes men", egg freezing will remain the best reproductive option for single women in their 30s .
Isn't this kind of entitlement shit the sort of thing people accuse incels of having?
ya if this was me i would marry belle delphine desu
This stuff really gets to me. Like how true is it. Does say my car really matter more than liking the same things on Netflix? It's disheartening to see things so impersonal.
Kill me, Pete
i beg of you.
I'm not an intel, but yes it is. It's women effectively taking the educational system and changing the entire thing to their favor, and then tax incentives for companies to hire and promote them, and then saying "I did it!" while other women squeal in delight, knowing they, too, can do it too if they try, because the conditions of failure have been removed for them.
It's very stupid.
I mean you're not wrong, but having high expectations of women is asking ot be disappointed. Feminism has created this fallacy that women are as rational as men, but truth be told they are way more susceptible to delusions meant to keep their emotional state relatively stable. Trusting what a woman says is a fool's game, you can only trust their actions, and they often tell very different stories.
Based and also Kill me Pete, thanks buddy.
successful females
Lel 
Imagine demanding to work your cunt flaps off, still acting as a net-drain on your society when you do, and meanwhile alienating yourself from many males and lowering chance to breed.
Feminism sure did a lot for you, girls!
Women buy into this fallacy that their career makes them a more valuable partner to men
I don't think this is the core issue, it's more that they are sold the idea that they need to be independent so that men can't play power games in relationships, as well as to be completely free to choose whoever they want as their partner. And to be independent they have to pursue a high-paying career. 
Then just by nature of being professionally successful assume that they should be able to get a similarly successful man, but that man still can't be a balding virgin IT nerd.
I don't think women get high paying jobs to avoid "power games", I think they go for high paying jobs to buy things and beyond that it's social proof. Women don't need anything to have power over men, they were born with power over men.
Women don't need anything to have power over men, they were born with power over men.
If women understood this, there would be no feminism. They eternally LARP as the poor underdog gender that needs help and predatory men are watching them on every corner ready to rape them.
Fpbp also kill me Pete
Why in the fuck would a 45 YEAR OLD who can afford these procedures not also use a surrogate? Not that it would have helped her anyway.
Kill me heavenly pete
saying women are naive, stupid, selfish etc
thats actually true doe
So wait, it's as if she's the surrogate but adopting the baby. What's the point at that point? Go straight to adoption. Not even your genes but you still want the chance to fuck them up in your dried up uterus? It should be malpractice for doctors to go along with this. Then again, tons of shit society seems to see as "right" should be malpractice and I'm not just talking about trooning.
but that man still can't be a balding virgin IT nerd
Fuck man. I'm a non-balding non-virgin tall IT nerd making nearly half mil and my very mild aspergers still makes women 99% inaccessible to me.
Kill me, Pete. Originally and painlessly, please.
I love the "every man is a potential rapist" line, it's a naked display of power that they are able to punch down like that. Imagine saying every black person is a potential assailant. Crossing the street is mUh MiCrOagGrESsIon no matter how hostile their posture.
