Ending sentences with though should be an offense punishable by shooting.
Ending sentences with though should be an offense punishable by shooting.
Why though?
How would you do this though?
Though is an unnecessary word that can be put in the beginning or middle of a sentence though. On image boards it is most often put at the end of a sentence though. Even though it is frequently used, so called 'Thoughers' are often looked down upon for their horrible posting quality though. Anti-thoughers attach a special Soijak to call out these heretics though. Although, this righteous battle for the future of image board culture is fought fiercely by the anti-though crusaders, there is no end to the thougher hordes in sight though. Sometimes, this word is used by ironic shitposters to bait anti-thoughers, placing it at the end of their sentence and capitalizing it THOUGH.
That seems like a rather extreme reaction, though.
that still isn't as bad as being a faggot who actually cares about that shit though
spergposting again sweetie?
And it's only the beginning
Why are you gay OP, THOUGH?
It could be worse, in Australia we have the same thing but people say 'but', e.g. "its a good car, theyre pretty expensive but"
God i love australian quirks
"maccas", the fucking wonky british accent, "esky lid".. fucks sake its so fucking cool
The knee jerk reaction is a fiesty one thoughever...
Well we're not here to fuck spiders, come on down and have a slap and a dart with the boys sometime mate, its bloody hot but. Havent had a good slap in donkeys years.
tfw no sheila
why exactly do aussies have that mutated british accent
because they're descendants of cockney criminals and prostitutes.
it's also why Australia has the highest proportion of chads because you needed to be tall and broad to be a criminal in the 1800s.
Well we're not here to fuck spiders, come on down and have a slap and a dart with the boys sometime mate, its bloody hot but. Havent had a good slap in donkeys years.
holy based
Why do you hate it though anon
Germans use "doch" in the same way though. Why does no one give them shit for that?
Shooting 
What should they shoot? A crossbow?
because it sounds sophisticated
