Why do women do this?
You need to read body language and not words. I dont know though.
t. autist
this. 
linguistic communication is inherently limited. there are entire dimensions to communication that don't involve words. stop relying so much on verbal logic and learn to trust your intuition a little
bit.
how to acquire social intuition?
Why though? If being misconstrued sexually is such a big issue, why aren't they just frank about it?
Why is it a thing? What do they get out of it?
they're afraid of your reaction
They can just call the police if they feel threatened
thats on the instinctual level
What is?
I've only fucked 5 women, so it's not a massive sample size. But literal every single woman I've been with got really turned on by being dominated sexually. Three of these women straight up admitted rape fantasies to me. I think it's just hardwired into most women to like that shit. Yeah, it's fucking annoying, but I just accept it for what it is and don't attempt to understand it.
Because they want you to just get it. They don't communicate with words, but with actions. They process their emotions with words, but the words lose their credibility the moment her emotions change.
It kills the mood if you have to say
Imagine you are a woman, anon. You have a vagina and and you need it to be somewhat wet so when a guy dicks you down it isn't painful or damaging. You're also into getting overpowered and fucked rather than merely getting off on how hot someone looks.
Then a guy you're hanging out with says "can I have consent for sex with you?' Would not make you aroused so much as uncomfortable hearing that.
Better would be if he's looking at your eyes, seeing you look back and giggle and look away and then back again, and then he gets a little closer and puts his leg against yours, and you lean in, and he puts his hand in your hair, and he starts kisisng you and slowly working down to feeling you up and taking your clothes off and doing foreplay and escalating to full on fucking.
