We need to stop being NEETs...
It's cool when you're young but imagine being a middle aged man with no job, no savings, no family, no accomplishments...
let's get a job...
What if you end up middle aged with no accomplishments, no family, little to no savings, and a shitty minimum wage job?
you do you, I do me, alright buddy?
is 25 middle aged?
cuz im a NEET at 25 with all the above traits yhou described who gave up because its too hard to get a job regardless of what salary it is. I couldn't get a job at McDonalds or a job as a software dev. I kinda just done and the fire within me to self-improve just died with it. 
Im only getting a job if it decides to show up on a silver platter, and thankfully an opportunity did show up, but its 50/50 on whether I'll get it and its a year out from where I can take advantage of it.
Glad to see an anon on here finally talking sense.
Had a job. Had a career. Wasn't worth it. Now I'm a NEET.
There's always beer
Beer's comfier when you're neeting
i'm turning 26 next month and i'm still a NEET.
i want to go back to school but every time i try i fail, i just want someone to encourage me.
i went bald i refuse to do anything but die now
lol
first of all, everyone will be neets, soon enough. jobs wont exist, once ai takes over. literally absolutely all jobs imagineable will be done by ai
the whole notiong of working right now is so cucked. its great if you can leverage your money into dating power, but for some people its over, and would just cause more suffering
ai will take over ALL JOBS. people who got into university this year, and will have a medical degree in 10 years, wont have a job, because it will be ai and robots doing it
the whole economic structure is going BYEBYE. you people are fucking ignorant
What is the vision? It has to be so important that you can't live without the thing. It's vital. Don't just go for aimless improved situations.
Your dream, the thing so precious to you, that is the only thing that can get you through anything.
Where there is a human will, there will be a way.
I dropped out of college over this vision shit, turned out I was just retarded
Then I went back to college, graduated, and got a career job purely because I was tired of being dirt poor
the only good, inarguable reason to stay alive is to witness the singularity. it will be either utopia or a dystopia, but human society is going to end. thats it. this will happen in our lifetime, within theh next 10 to 15 years. within the next 5.5 years, ai will become smarter than humans at absolutely everything, including building ai
also if you're bald you can just get a hair system or a transplant. eventually we will have the technology to regrow hair follicles, so you can have nice teenage hair, and smooth skin, and repurposed your bone structure so its nice and appealing, and whatever other stupid physical bullshit you like, assuming it will be a utopia
What will happen to currency then? Will the people who saved be better off? Will property be more highly valued or say gold?
Except for the ones creating the AI in the first place so at least there is a safety net. 
To claim that there will be none when in actuality what this is doing is privatizing every aspect of the economy for those who can afford it :^)
Now Im just waiting on when you assholes wont be coy about having to be slaves unironically and that this effectively is the only way we "fools" will get equality. This dick aint free.
I am sad to read that.
You have to plan like an adult and believe in that plan and yourself like a child.
I will gladly be a retard and keep trying. Better than anything else, everything else would be living in hell.
What will happen to currency then?
an economy exists to serve as a way to exchange labour between people. with super intelligent ai, all labor will be free, because it will know everything. the need for money wont exist, because everything is abundant. it will be post scarcity
but this is assuming ai will bring about utopia. it could also bring about a distopian apocalypse, or some kind of religious ending. we dont know what will happen
Will the people who saved be better off?
saved what?
property will be abundant, as will everything else. this is assuming it will be a utopian post scarcity society. we dont know what will happen
maybe the ai will give everyone a utopia. maybe the ai will kill everyone. maybe the ai will judge people, and only some niceboys will go to heaven, and the meaners will not. maybe some will be tortured in hell
i dont know, but it would be a waste to miss out on experiencing the singularity. imagine if you told people 200 years ago on what the internet would be, and how cool it would be, with all its music and videos and videogames. they wouldnt believe you
thats how ai will be, but a billion times better
Then at least you tried.
You are literally sumarizing Trickle Down economics in a nutshell.
If you have half a brain cell left, we all fucking know why thats all utter horse shit.
nigger i just want to make some money so i can get a new pc and travel a bit
being a NEET doesn't pay
anon, you just dismissed everything i said, but i really think you have to genuinely be delusional and living in a fantasy land to deny the impact ai is going to have. seriously, i really do
let me explain on things we can argue and things that are basically not arguable. 
whats not arguable is that ai will take over all jobs, surpass humans in intelligence, and basically take over the world. this is simply NOT arguable. unless we kill all of humans with nukes or a meteor explodes this planet, this will happen
what is arguable is how this will affect humans. maybe this will be a distopia, maybe it will be a post-scarcity utopia. maybe it will be the apocalypse
but the whole notion of a job is going byebye. you wont be able to trade your time and labor for money anymore. you will be forced to be a neet, everyone will
feel free to argue anything ive said, including the inarguable parts, if you so wish
No I dont think I will other than maybe at the fact that you are implying that the only way to stop this is to wipe out people. Certain people that may have the necessary steps taken to not be a NEET? You will need qualified people to administer your army of bots and worthless people, no? Unless you can argue on how robots can do that entirelly, Im going to continue dismissing you and everything you say cause you arent important.
The same people that make fun of me for not working would then make fun of me for working at Walmart or whatever. Not putting up with that unless it pays enough to move out on my own (it doesn't).
Shut up you fedfaggot.
We will not budge, all of your taxpayer money will go right to out NEETbux.
Kiss deez nuts
i don't really have a dream- career wise anyway.
i guess i'd like to learn to code.
mostly i just want someone to love and care for.
