Why are autists so stubborn with their shitty opinions? 
If you learned to relax, take it easy, compromise and give some middle ground in discussions, you might actually get your dick wet. 
But most of you would rather die on some shitty hill like muhh bodycount instead of just being chill.
god damn thats wild 33 bodies jfc what a whore
33 bodies is fucking nasty, but you're right. Autists are way too uptight and strict. No girl wants a guy who has a stick up his ass
I genuinely don't care about body count since I've been through manwhore phases, but if a woman has a piercing anywhere besides the navel or ears then she goes straight back to the streets where she belongs. Your body is somewhat a reflection of your soul and "shove metal through my face" doesn't scream good soul to me.
Why do autists make posts like these? Do they really think anyone with piercings is bothered by missing out on an autist? I'm genuinely curious
You're absolutely right, and I also want to point out there's a direct link between flexibility and happiness. Basically the more flexible you are, the happier you are. Think about it logically: if anon 1 is only happy when certain and specific conditions are met, and anon 2 is happy whether those conditions are met or not, anon 2 has a much better chance at being happy. Makes sense to me anyway.
idk!
True. I am one of the least picky guys in existence and have gotten my dick wet a moderate amount.
Weirdly the girls who got into relationships with me were mostly hot and virginal despite my lack of caring about that. Like I was fucking a 50 year old married fat lady for a while too so it's definitely not like I was a snob about girls. But the rest of my gfs looked retardedly hot and I broke their hymens.
I'm not going to compromise when I know I'm right
Then die alone lol
I really would like a study comparing narcissism and autism comorbidities
Because Im not a Faggot cuck who lets his boundaries be crossed for pussy. Kike
When you think about it, scrotes standards have been redic high lately, across the board. Maybe we should make a discord to fight back against uppity scrotes? 
We could do fun stuff like hold protests against the patriarchy and do sex strikes until men lower their standards to realistic levels again, who's with me? 
Fuck moids and fuck leonardo dicaprio!
I'm sure the 5% of men who still have sex will be very upset, not like it's gonna happen anyways, if your movement relies on women not being whores for any amount of time you're in for a bad time.
OK, Lysistrata.
