Once you finally get a girlfriend, what's the thing you'd like to do most?
I like being alone now, so nothing.
No "go-out-with-me" socialites allowed
it's not my entire purpose of life so i won't bother getting one, if i did there would have to be some actual benefits, more than just sex for sure
Go on dates, cuddle while watching movies, kiss.
Get pegged and have my face sat on.
Girls love to act tough as shit until you stick your finger up her asshole
Top kek true. That's me
Eat her pussy for as long as she'll let me.
Go swimming together at night.
I gladly get her through her own NEETbux redtape, and that is my duty done.
Go on walks on the parts of town that i think are cool, mostly places near storm drains, away from cars, and also go on car rides to places, or nowhere at all.
I just wanna blow a pussy out, man. You couldn't call my dick small but I'd have to argue it's big. I just wanna fuck some chick with some giant cock sheath and have her cry tears of ecstasy. 
I'm also nearly a wizard and truly think even having sex isn't something worth trying at this point. Any chance for a normal life is gone. I'll never know what it's like to hold hands and go on a cute date with someone I love and I've surrendered to that fact..
this sounds nice, would you do it naked anon?
I have a girlfriend and I make her take anal and oral whenever I want, great girlfriend
Hug. Maybe even hold hands if I'm feeling extra randy.
In no particular order:
Rub her feet
Watch her sleep
Give her consensual beatings
Brush her hair
Cook together
Hold hands
Sniff various bodyparts of hers
Cuddle
Do perverted things
Play videogames together
Get drunk
Go on holidays together 
Take hikes
Watch movies
Give her all the headpats she deserves
Also I would want to sniff her armpits.
i know its corny, but its my fantasy
i honestly just want to lie there with her, her being half naked in panties and a shirt, and just kiss on her neck, and feel every inch of her neck and choke on her neck. choke her, feel her struggling for breathe, and a big gasp for breathe once she inhales
i would literally cry doing that, literal pure euphoria, while listening to love songs, like this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyjjqLTLJh8 [Embed]
incredibly hot leg-ass area but sad boobs
cuddle or just a hug would be nice, maybe hold hands. last time a woman touched me was 5 years ago in highschool. anything would feel nice.
1. Pic of a tranny faggot kys op 
2. The women I met in my life were soo shallow that I'm not searching for or trying to get in a relationshit anymore. I don't want to be hurt anymore. Fuck this. I enjoy my hermit life in peace now.
Stick my dick in her holes and slap her around.
Take her hiking with me
Take her to the beach
Take her to her favorite restaurants
Comfort her, tell her how much I care about her
Get into small arguements, sit down and calmly resolve them
Make her breakfast
Bring her flowers
Take good care of her, her future kids and her family.
Hold her very hard and weep, but I'll never be able to do that even when I get a girlfriend for a multitude of reasons like that you cannot be emotionally vulnerable to your partner, or women, or that I would want to kill myself out of shame afterwards, and so on and so on. I haven't cried in decades, since I was maybe a toddler, but since then things have happened and I've never expressed or talked about my feelings about any thing. Didn't even shed a tear over my own mother being murdered in front of me or when I went deaf. Didn't give the world the satisfaction, and I still don't. Whatever, if things gets too bad I'll do so many drugs I'll stop thinking or feeling, and if that doesn't work I can always waste myself, and I'll be happy with that outcome honestly, fortunately for the most part I don't care about any of it, or any thing. There is no reason for me to care what anyone thinks, and it also doesn't matter any way. I'll last until the bitter end.
Kiss and cuddle.
Mate why do you want to be a cuck?
Having someone who wants to touch me would be nice. Someone to talk to that loves me, that isn't my mom.
I meant our kids but yeah. I'd be willing to date a single mom, but it really depends on why/how she became single.
that is not a trannnny
It works because they get children and have to work to provide for them anon.
Which is why the right girl (aka one with no conscious breeding wish) is a must, and then you can only hope her bioclock doesnt start ticking
Bloody honestly, I'd probably sigh, grit teeth and take the plunge into wageslavery, if she was adamant about having my children.
But since said she isn't likely to show up in my life anyway, fuck that noise.
I'd like to go clothes shopping with her. Idk why but it sounds really appealing to buy her clothes, give my opinions on outfits, have her pick out stuff for me to look good.
Also, laying together looking into each other's eyes on a rainy day. Holding each other in complete silence.
I want to do this too
Boyfriend* in my case. 
fuck 24/7 all the time. my sexdrive is insane I don't think any girl can keep up unless she's either a nympho or doesn't mind me using her whenever
Why did you go deaf?
What a fucking whore you are, slutbag
how do people even spend time alone? what's the point?
ofc not idiot, do you have the slightest idea how much sex i missed out on since the year 2004 when i should start having sex?nearly 7000 sex sessions! You think giving me a bitch to fuck once will change anything and motivate me to work? I need to fuck at least 7000 times before i even lift my finger for basedciety. That would take me several years, at least 10 years of daily fucking.
Once you finally get a girlfriend
wow ok so we're going to fantasy land here.
Someone who really understands me and actually likes me.
I have a gf right now and one of my favorite things to do is to eat her out while she plays vidya or watches tiktok.
Sure there are tons of other fantasies but when actually trying them they are less practical
break up with her. i like being alone. things work the best for me in solitude and relationships always brought chaos in to my life.
Keyed
Golden
Lovely
Joyous
Many words to describe this post
I want to try cuddling, and I have lots of date ideas I want to bring her on
kiss her belly
