My golem parents sat idly by as my penis was mutilated as an infant. They fluoride stared as I writhed around in my straps and contraptions. They allowed me to be tortured and permanently damaged for profit. No one saw a problem with it. It happened to millions of other men the same way and no one cared. It's laughable that any parent would expect to be taken care of in old age by their sons when they've done this to them. It's laughable that they would expect anything except hatred and violence from their sons
your sexuality may be gone but its okay being a nullo
You are such a weak fuck, get your shit together retard
One of the only ways to get normalgolem to stop cutting up their kids' dicks that actually seems effective is forcing them to pay for the mutilation surgery themselves. Circumcision rates tend to plummet in states where Medicaid stops covering it.
lol being traumatized from early age due to circumcision explains why amerilards are so fucked in the head
lol half of them cant orgasm. makes sense desu
Look I'm not saying this to help you cope. I'm fully intact and my orgasms are meh even after an entire month of nofap.
The only mind blowing orgasms I had were when I was like 12. You're missing out but not as much as you think.
so for me, im cut.
orgasms used to feel amazing. i think...
i've been putting it down to circumcision but if i had to describe it. its like a really feel good feeling, but i dont feel like im going to heaven or something. feels kinda like a low dose of an opiate for a second.
am i fucked or is this just how it is now?
I think growing up and masturbating a lot ruins it for all men. I don't really see intact men praising how amazing their orgasms are. It's usually women who do that.
Not saying cutlets shouldn't be mad tho they should bem
My dick is uncut but my foreskin is too small and most of the time half or fully naked tip.
As a person with an unmutilated cock you're probably a coping cutfag.
Every stroke, where my Ridged Band passes over my glans is like a shot of heroin. Pure ecstasy. Not even kidding.
I have no idea how you guys can live without that feeling and the amazing sense of release it gives.
This. If anything it is too good, being uncut is like having a drug in your pocket. Even just playing with my foreskin feels amazing, the mind blowing blackout inducing orgasm is just a bonus. It feels so good I never want it to end, but when it eventually does I am left fully satisfied, relaxed, happy and destressed and ready to face life head on with no fear or hatred. It's like a much needed reset, all thanks to my foreskin!
same feels dude.
Cutfags cope
