why do moids just not use dating apps? its how i met all my bfs
These baits are getting lazier and lazier.
I have had more sex than my friends who actually went to college and never even got gfs
Assuming this is not bait... I guess it's technically possible for someone to be this new... but it most likely is... to rephrase the question first
why do moids do this generally
He probably saw some PUA compilation, not adding 2 and 2 to figure out it's heavily edited.
Based retard, all &lt;6/10 moids get 2 matches a week maximum, of which the majority don't end up going anywhere.
Ok tranny now fuck off and stop using Power gifs
Statistically, you are more likely to get a date and/or get laid from approaching IRL than using a dating app. The odds are stacked against you on tinder
this bait made me lol
they do, but they get nothing. all men are super desperate and still get scraps
this is a chadsexual society, and we have to looksmax for years, and careermax for years, and sigmagrind for years, just to pick up chads used up cum rag
i think i know who you are, i had a dream about us last night it was weirdly peaceful, it was like finally letting go
I am an okay looking guy but most of the matches I get on Tinder are ugly or fat, a small number are qts, and some are chubby but cute. Are guys who look more average than me really not even matching with these ugly gremlin girls?
Also I have 4 girls in my Tinder DMs right now who just want to fuck and might fuck one tomorrow night.
You actually cared enough to go around and count how many chicks he asked out? Sounds like this dude is the actual winner as he's living on in your head
Dating apps?? Read my fucking mind, bitch! Jesus Christ I don't have time for your nonsense.
what would you rate yourself as? the way you describe your matches sounds a lot like me. honestly, i cringe to death when i think too long about self-portrayal of myself but i would say i am a 7 or 8 out of 10 unironically, and i also match mostly with fatties or qt's that just have some characteristic that ruins them for me. i never met a great allrounder girl on tinder, always just attractive enough to fuck but retarded, or too ugly for a serious relationship. but i see hundreds of extremely attractive girls, i dont know, they must be swiping right on the top 1% of guys only
I don't know. I would rate myself very low. I have confidence and self-image issues. But the feedback I get when I send pictures to girls online or on discord or go on omegle video is usually people telling me I am very attractive or Chad. 
It's weird because the girls who say I'm attractive in settings other than Tinder are way cuter than the girls I match with on Tinder. I would say I am probably conventionally handsome, maybe a solid 7.5/10 or an 8+ if you have a bias in favor of my features.
huh interesting, i actually get the same reactions as you then. ive never been called unattractive, just sometimes "not my type". all the other times i am called very attractive or chad. maybe on tinder we just get compared directly to rich gigachads, and to guys who are similar to us but who profil-max the fuck out of themselves. anyways i'm taking a break from tinder, it feels like i swiped on every girl in my area anyways and the results were a couple of disappointing "real" dates and a bunch of hookups that i kinda regret though
Yes, the top women on Tinder swipe right on &lt;3% of men.
absolutely false the same guys who do well irl do well on apps too. the same guys who are invisible to gals on apps are also invisible to gals irl too
Only if you are taking the mere exposure effect into account. Flat out cold approaches only work if you are chad.
the rumor spread
This guy is a million times more confident than I'll ever be, I can't even message girls first on dating apps.
Chad humblebragger
This is such low effort bait kek
personally, I find it weird putting my information online. Pictures too, I don't even take pictures of myself privately, no way would I ever take some corny selfies and put them on my tinder profile or whatever
