What would you do if a pretty woman liked you but was really shy? Or are shy women invisible to robots?
There is literally no such thing as a shy girl. They're all failed extroverts.
Shy women are cute. If I like her too, then I would take it slow and not rush as she needs a lot of time and safe place.
I would avoid the shit out of her
t. shy robot
Challenge her to a knife fight
Shy women don't exist, it's all an act. If they really "liked" someone it would be obvious. At the end of the day women are peanutbrains and I will retain my virginity regardless. They can figuratively tongue my anus like niggers so frequently do
Stringe her along and then reject her in an humilliating way
pretty woman
really shy
the particular cocktail of life conditions necessary for an adult to end up "really shy" do not exist for pretty women
as much as it pains me to admit it, my wife komi can never be real
I have no doubt that I'd notice her, but no way I could read it as her liking me. 
I'd probably assume she is scared or pissed off @me for some unknown reason. 
And since I never approach first: 
Bad end, nothing happens
shy women invisible to robots?
They are to me because I cannot get the subtle signs. Its not because I dont like you but I dont notice your intentions in honest and direct way.
t. autist
I would doubt she even knows I exist and become so desensitized to the possibility of love that any advance she would struggle to make I would just shrug off as her being nice.
i would say this is true for atleast 60% of 4chan and if we remove the pretty part the reason why 80% here are Incels
I'd probably notice her and feel the same but do nothing because I'm shy too.
Sometimes I wish there was an app where girls could surreptitiously "ping" passing males they are interested in, or something.
I would not mind having to talk first, if I were actually sure I am invited to.
But then again, I doubt too many girls really want us "signal-oblivious" quiet guys except for maybe as a novelty factor.
