133.98 million people are brought into this world every single year. One hundred and thirty three million fucking people can you imagine how much sex people are having on a day to day basis for so many humans to be born, and that's not even counting the people who use condoms contraceptives and abort their children. Something so natural that 99% of the population get to experience is completely incomprehensible and unreachable for me. I will never have sex I will never have a wife or children I will never have a good paying job or a good group of friends because my fucking autism makes it nearly impossible to an achieve these things without years of hard work while everyone naturally gets them by going through life. To think things would get this bad why did no one warn me....
It is quite astonishing to think about, but I've distanced myself so far from the idea of me having sex that it doesn't bother me anymore. I view sex like having different-colored eyes, completely unattainable to the point that there's no reason to care.
Each person in the billion-year-long chain of your ancestors since the dawn of multicellular life to today has had sex at least once. 
It's hard coping that you're the combo breaker. I know that feel all too well. 
It's fine, though, it's practically unethical to even bring a child into this bitch world as it is. I just would like companionship. Someone to cuddle and watch dumb shit on TV with. Someone to go pick up groceries with. Anything.
Anyway thanks for coming to my TED talk.
I really wish people would stop reproducing and let humanity die, fucking normalfags with their wives and kids.
Real shit. This world is hell and the damage being done to humanity is irreversible
Too bad normalfags are so horny and sex-obsessed, the only thing they care about in their live is fucking some whore and making crotch demons copies of their egoistic self. They are no different from the pig who gets in heat seeing a female pig and they shouldn't be treated differently, they're nothing but dirty animals hiding being lies, pretending to be moral. I wish they would be all sterilized and kept in slaughterhouses, like they do to animals.
