tell me what antidepressants you're on and how badly they're fucking you up right now (or if they work)
21f, 100mg of sertraline, i cant cum anymore and im literally on fire right now
21f
I can't cum
ywnbaw
i'm literally bleeding out of my vagina right now anon
anti-depressants never really did anything for me and just made me more tired than normal
I liked plenty of other prescription meds but none of the antiDs
send proof otherwise i don't believe you
40mg citalopram, nearly 3 months on and no change yet. I can barely move most days it completely sucks
based mamimi enjoyer, i wish you the best
it would be pretty funny if i had a cock can i have yours? i can find a doctors letter that mentions my vagina if you're so desperate
my mate got prescribed citalopram and isn't picking up his prescription anymore cause he couldn't get through the first week
Trintellix 20mg
I think it gives me more energy and a somewhat chemical-feeling boost in mood. It induces something like a very easily controlled hypo-hypomania. I haven't felt any noticeable unpleasant side effects. The price is the main drawback, but it can be significantly cheaper than the sticker price depending on your insurance.
hypomania fucking sucks but i usually know when i'm manic and tell myself it's cringe. i get mine on nhs (british moment), i'd probably go off my meds if we had to pay desu
28, ??? prozac (I'm not getting up to check, I just sat down after cleaning the house)
I hate to admit it but they work and being in the psych ward, while traumatizing at the time, was beneficial to my life.
Olanzapine 10mg
Lexapro 10mg
Alprazolam 0,25mg
Just started, how fucked am I? Im a schizo if it helps
7.5mg of mirtazapine
+ a little happier/less anxious
+ provides a layer between me and reality
- gained 30 lbs
- can't sleep without it
i was thinking of trying that one, does it make it harder to sleep?
I used to take mirtazapine on and off for almost a decade, I was up to 45mg at night but would sometimes split a tablet in half to would take like 65-70mg
That was some nice sleep but I haven't used any sleepaids in like 18 months and just drink a big glass of milk to help me get tired before bed
celexachad
Yawning as I write this
I highly recommend this if you're ever having a manic episode. If you're freaking out and need to calm down just drink like 3 big ass glasses of milk and you'll be a lot more calmed down within the hour (assuming you regularly have milk in the fridge)
Im on CBD oil instead of antidepressants. Never had a suicidal thought since and little to no depressive thoughts. There's no side effects. Its fucking amazing. And no it doesn't get you "high" . If its pure it even helps your focus. I've been going to uni and getting amazing grades while on it 24/7. I highly recommand it.
Currently on Sertraline too. Does nothing at all, but I do take Amisulpride as well, so idk where certain side effects come from.
I guess it's okay what you take
