I want more irl friends so bad but I'm awful at it. I'm an autistic female with a shitty reputation in living area, I only have one irl friend and I'm extremely lonely. I have a lot of people online but it just doesn't feel the same. I rarely leave the house I'm kind of agoraphobic, I like in a small town I only have one hobby I partake in and I didn't manage to make any friends who enjoy it. Living in ass fuck nowhere is awful I can never find people similar to me willing to be friends
Don't even have online friends
Considering how much i lurk this place, i should have a bigger presence than kikes like ENTJ or Aiste
Also extremely lonely and autistic
i'm similar, minus the bad reputation and small town.
i live in a big city but everyone here is too lefty for me.
what did you do to get a bad reputation??
I used to dress odd and people assumed I was in a cult or planning to kill people. Some people also spread the rumor that I tried to kill my grandma
I'm the same way I wish I could connect with people but I just can't
What area are you in? I believe I'm a kindred spirit in many ways.
Excuse me did you just call me a kike lmao
I want more irl friends so bad but I'm awful at it. I'm an autistic female with a shitty reputation in living area, I only have one irl friend and I'm extremely lonely. I have a lot of people online but it just doesn't feel the same. I rarely leave the house I'm kind of agoraphobic, I like in a small town I only have one hobby I partake in and I didn't manage to make any friends who enjoy it. Living in ass fuck nowhere is awful I can never find people similar to me willing to be friends
basicaly described the average man exept the online simps and the ability to fuck whenever you want 
FOIDS DONT EXIST, BTFO
Reminder that you will NEVER know what true friendship feels like.
Atleast men can pay for pussy, you will never have someone care for you instead of your pussy.
There's a reason everyone moves to cities in their late teens and 20s.
Too bad you're not in the UK
I wouldnt wish that on my worst enemy
You are agoraphobic living in a bigger city would probably be worse for you. You need to ease yourself into interacting with people your age in person. Honestly though I've befriended people like you and it is a real pain in the ass. Try to reciprocate communication(reeah out) with people regularly. Don't just dissappear for months to years at a time and expect people to still be your friends.
As someone who moved to the UK recently, it's not that bad. I've been here for 2 years now.
