Sunderland Seagull Shagger edition
Just want to know SSM is ok desu
Got my apu moderating the thread today. Be on your best behaviour for him.
Nope you don't or you'd have gone to check in person 
Hardly like you're busy is it?
what can a 26 year old NEET who's been this way for 5 years do in London for a job? i need a job asap or else my parents are kicking me out. would prefer working from home but this is just a desperate time right now
Uber driver innit
Turned it into a Seamengull kekkington
oh that's alright then
Whats wrong with you R KID? Not saying that as an insult just wondering if youre mentally ill or lazy or what. if youre just lazy you should ask your parents for time and start exercising and socialising for a year. By socialising I mean volunteering or something not drinking.
Sunderland Seagull Spaffer
wanna shag a tranny in the arsehole
Phwoaar proper mealshakingberg that was
Heading out in less than 240 as well thoughever to do that other thing for [redacted]
The egg donor sez she'll be rationing me barlauch-parmesannudeln inna future
University educated women are low value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQwGyjmKGAk [Embed]
If she's got a degree, she's not for me
if you can't get a job in london of all places it might be time to jump off beachy head
Bsc after her name? That's a shame
She studies every day? I'll send her on her way
I wanna shag Fin in the arsehole
Verification not required
Lovely
Finn is smart enough to realise he wouldnt have been accepted if he was a tranner from the start so he slowly transitioned into it as a 'haha joke'. Hes smart enough to realise you cant just enter the space as a tranny and demand everyone respect you for it. He cracked the code
Hearing reports SSM has been found dead in his Wareham flat kitchen
Bogging amount of choice onna lunchington summer menu heh
the sperm donor's kartoffelkroketten are the best in Rhineland-Palatinate
Braune Sauce "ohne Dinger"
What does dinger mean in this context
brown sauce "without things"
Apparently he had another SVT episode and his usual trick of doing a handstand didn't work
It so sad
He with jam master jay now
If more britfeel parents were like this, some of us could have been saved e.g. ruthmong.
That seagull was asking for it. Justice for our guy.
I bet spaffing inna tranny feels incredible
My man is hey arnold except his head is vertical instead of sideways
Troon onna deleted run today kek
when I was growing up, all around my house there were trees poking up over the top of the other houses
live near a park, so they're all really old big trees
now there's almost no trees left near me
and I'm trying to sleep as another new neighbor is having theirs put through a woodchipper, not even being used for anything, just woodchips and sawdust on the pavement outside my house (live on a corner)
literally nothing you can do about it, mind your own innit
tfw birds don't sing in the morning any more
tfw all the birds are gone
tfw
Because Soundspacker spam is so much more interesting
I'm fuckin agonising at the state of the forestry and wildlife of this country and to objectively definable decline of the area around me to which I helplessly have no ability to prevent nor regenerate, and you're more torn up over which specific image I use to convey this depression. I ain't no occupational treehugger, but it's fucked that I don't hear a single fucking bird in my area no more, not even a fucking pigeon, collared dove or a crow. It's just dead silent, at best with some chirps in the far-off horizon.
You ain't right you.
Glue yourself to a road mate, it's the modern way
Temp agency mate.
Trying to cut down on shit food, drink more water etc.
2 days in and nothing but violent stomach cramps and the shits
Health is a fucking meme
If the UK breaks up would we just be called "Kingdom"
Bit gay that
Think it just takes time to adjust. Drinking loads of water does help, I've found. Personally I fell for the fibre meme.
Not enough fibre in diet
Buy fibre pills
Violent shits and even vomiting ensues
Never doing that again. Just sticking to water, me.
Disunited Kingdom
Lads, I'm gonna be honest here. At work I deal with pretty much exclusively old white men. They are fucking to work with. Utter moody cunts. Honestly would rather some black woman millennial. Fuck
Morning all
OH NO U DI-ANT JUS ASSUME MA TIME A DAY U PASTY ASS CRACKER
Every time Harold
Rubbish joke m80
consume less american media
They are fucking to work with
You are fucking! Bastard bitch
United Kingdom
England
Corr lads, I've got a good idea
Scotland
Get tae fook
Wales
get to fuck boyo
Ireland
What they said, to be sure to be sure
Not denying it laddo, but reckon it just about passed the minimum threshold for this general
and the so the we ran sp tje fjeo im act omdoam pf tje darl lmogjt ris we where fo we go of the train it was like light ning d e fast its ok aget out of dodge well its gonna be flik oh sit and its like wr're free wel youjh know what they say you just gotta run liek tw wind run run un so its like there was wa apark alen and were like on hok its on the meteor and we gotta wodvbble wobble get and off if we dont then were gonna fly so wlr we nbnetter run in n until our legs fall off and so here very good very good yay im with him and in im just wondering like ok where it is but how did he hair get so long ji hib han hid nah an emblezzing scheme?
Mate this isn't /welshfeel/
Finnegans Wake, James Joyce, 1939
Just got back from me waircut. Garn chill for a bit then go in the spacker shower. We fresh on this Wednesday.
Little mong boy
Just got back from me waircut
Seagull Shagging Sean
AI enhanced waircuts
Might watch the Man City v Arsenal game later me.
Garden video productions coming on strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCgYebMzrWs [Embed]
Plenty of trees where I live. I actually hate it cause the birds wake me up every fucking morning.
father stretch my asshole pt. 2
Fresh north Korean propaganda de lads
Poor lass looks like the cameraman has a gun pointed directly at her head 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LD88qVTrAwg [Embed]
that shit is so weird
i'd say poor girl but she's probably from some elite 1% (for north korea) family so whatever. she's still very pretty though
never got why they make these videos
SEASIDE UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWpw48TQpB0 [Embed]
Wonder if they watch Barratt Homes ads over there and call it capitalist propaganda
Just cracked open a can of Monster Energy if that's alright with you de lids. Coooor it woverly. On that energydrinkgrind today me.
Never heard him talk about his dad before.
why do you say the same thing every single day
Been on 2 a day for years me
I feel the beetus coming
Coming round the bend
And I ain't seen my penis
Since I don't know when
From what Marius has said and the posts I've seen from rhe soundspacker himself, I'm fairly sure his "gf" is actually some sort of prostitute he arranges meetings with online.
I got addicted to them back in 2018 so I stopped drinking them for a while. Only have the odd one nowadays.
Only have the odd one nowadays.
This is the best way to do it de lad, they all taste like battery acid if you drink them alll the time
Anyone here play wow
Some cunt on one of those gold buyer sites is selling his account for 100k good goy points lmao
if you think monster taste like battery acid, imagine whata you would think of k cider or frosty jackz
The man in the OP image used to buy weed from my mam. Small world.
We all monster energy in life x
Wish my gf wore make up
what is it about monster energy that has made it a badge of honour for the neck beard?
Prostitute wouldnt let a client get them pregnant
in this moment i am euphoric
not from some phony god's blessing
but because, i am enlightened by my own intelligence
You're thinking of wustlerz
Was that really Smirnoff posting at 2am?
Need are boy AY released with immediate effect desu
What did ay do?
He was arrested for opening a police van door and filming inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91wpyQnE3gU [Embed]
These FUCKING piece o' shite insectnibbas everywhere at the [redacted] pissed me the fuck off during this run seriously, apparently they're all hatching now or sommet
Especially when i rode back just now, one of the fuckers got right into me eye and i had to wash it out good for a minute or two
Boggles the mind honestly. And all the fucking boomers and brats clogging up (some of) the streets weren't exactly helping either
Me farts are so incredibly guttural and stinky today
It's quite remarkable
Need to do some of these other chores now before the comedown kicks in and i can't be arsed anymore
opened the police van door after a mental breakdown livestream where he was moaning about his life having no friends and failing to pick up women at a pub
I can see why they all hide their face now
Another CBT session finished.
She wants to do a video call. I thought meh, but would be a helpful tool to assess whether the patient is living the life they claim, dingy surroundings, dishevelled appearance, etc. She said nope, just like sharing a screen, most blur out their background.
OK, sooooo, I could have a warhammer skin for the video call?
Bery interdasting.
I always read CBT as cock n ball torture
Me fartingtonshires smell so fucking bad holy shit
Same, makes it a lot funnier
He who controls the fartingtons controls the stankingshire
5pm and /britfeel/ is completely dead
Sad
Nowt to say lad.
I never saw this episode, the most risque was when Ted and the other priests were trapped in the lingerie section of that shopping centre.
I saw a wagie refer to this as the hump day. Maybe they're nursing their stinging bumholes? 
Want pucci? NO WORK.
anyone have weird daydreams, i had one where i formulated a plan for a billionaire to take over Afghanistan with a private army, extract the mineral wealth and turn the place int a corporate/ royalist nation
He who can't control the fartingtons controls the washing machine.
You dreamed of George Bush.
not really there was no mineral extraction during the american occupation and it wasnt turned into a corporate/ royalist nation
my daydreams just basic loner daydreams of having a gf, sex, saving the world etc
i dont even have enough hope to daydream about that anymore
just realizing how autistic i sound
It's not autistic to be factually accurate, when encountering an idiot (me), who makes a joke.
lads we all have serious self esteem issues
We made a bunch of Bayeux gimmicks about soundspacker back when he was still over at /deutsch/
Although it seems his blogs are less original and more repetitive these days
SEASIDE UPDATE
https://youtu.be/QOJp9wUb0uQ [Embed]
SEASIDE UPDATE
Salt Pig all the way Salt Pig all the way. Guess where he is? He's at Salt Pig all the way only the best for Mark and are Helen he's at Salt Pig. Lovely burger for him and a few pints he having a few pints its all LUSH and all on for free it's coming on strong and it is fucking LUSH and he means LUSH.
Why are you bringing /deutsch/ drivel here mate?
Am rather bored to be quite frank and open with you mate
This was a mean one just now
Quite wet and nasty, packed a real punch that one
That's why my mental elf is off to therapy.
Rumination, was what I learned about last week. This week, picrel.
I fart right into seethetroonspacker's face
He said he wouldn't upload any more videos featuring Helen last week
That didn't last long
See, I called it. He was working Mon-Wed so the update came after.
How do you know when they're facing the screen?
dont trust therapy i'd feel like i was being manipulated
What a load of BS. I am depressed because I am denied love and sex. It's not complicated.
feel like i was being manipulated
dont trust therapy
Aren't you doing that to me now?
Corr that burger looks lush ngl
i dont think so, i dont want you to do anything so im not manipulating you and this definitely isnt therapy
Really cannot be arsed with this stupid chore
Alas it has to be done, no way around it i s'ppose
tfw no milf gf to have burger and chips with
You were being manipulated if you got better and stop going they don't get paid
Salt Pig it lush
this definitely isnt therapy
I do agree.
Hr's in Swanage de lads. He's in Swanage de lads. He's in Swanage de laads Guinness all the way Guinness all the way pint of Guinness for him my liiid that's right mee laad, come on me leeeed come on me leeeeed that's right mee leeeed he's n Swanage de laaaad. Have a guess where he is?
He's in Swanage de laaad. That's right me leeeed have a guess where he is? He's in Swanage isn't he? He's in Swanage me laaadd that's right me leeeed come on me leeeed.
He not drinking whole month of May. He cutting it right down he cutting it right down.
this makes too much sense not to be true
AI enhanced insectnibbas
How'd your interview go?
Looks like Footlad has moved on from /britfeel/
Looks like Footlad has moved on from /britfeel/
good
He 26 weeks 4 days no wamble if that's alright with you?
SSM apparently bought a Cannon 250D camera
You just know it will end up in CEX window within a few months just like the GoPro
you cannot handle my potions, traveller
When I say it's a lush I mean IT'S A LUSH
ssm spending evening with his gf
what's your excuse?
spam starts
conversations stop
every time
EVERYTHING I TOUCH TURNS TO CUM
what conversations? place was dead.
I hear a new Sheriff blew in to Feel Street just this morn. Said he's wrangled up foot lad and sent him to the local jail. He's going to fix up this broken town and make the seethies fear the law again. His Wumpa Posse looks a mean and keen bunch of Apus
You're a low value male to an educated, attractive girl like her. She'll be getting her masters soon.
we were talking about therapy and being manipulated
mail order bride might
and Ruth will be going to university soon to meet other like minded, decent people m
fuck, that's hot. imagine grabbing a drink from the fridge and it just turns into cum and you have to sip up hot sticky cum infront of everyone
and Ruth will be going to university soon to meet other like minded
shes a conservative there arnt any on those in uni
No way, she's a very liberal girl. She doesn't have a boomer, racist mentality.
Ruthmong you're so fucking boring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV7AQZCllRE [Embed]
The chore has been successfully concluded
Nice little mushroom and ham wizza on its way. Sent my Apu out just ten minutes ago.
I watched that live and he was cringe. Asking a man "if I was gay would you find me attractive" and not understanding social cues from women. Loose fuse that one with a temper (women wouldn't want to put up with that shit anymore). Try not dressing like you're 18 still (trackies) and shave that beard. He's 37 years old and needs to get a job. Too much idle time on his hands. Filming police and quoting laws is not a job.
Yes pussy
No work
The moneylenders fear this mindset
He didn't like being filmed by a mute. Another thick foreign import with no respect towards people with disabilities. 
https://youtu.be/BQUnSTw04ZI [Embed]
She called me baby for the first time last week. It slipped out when she and I were having sex. It made me stop and I chuckled and she seemed embarrassed but man it felt good to hear it. We don't use it often, there's no way I would do baby voices or shit like that
Unrepentant buttlove
kek we had some very cringe right wing societies aat university. like free market society, conservative society, other shit like that. im sure there was probably even a libertarian one. im sure they may not identify right wing but they are biggest morons of the lot.
I am the nibbest.
Love smelling female stank me
Pussy, arse, boob sweat, armpit sweat, all of it does it for me
Loving the spirit of this post, lad. Hope to see where it goes. 
Another appointment tomorrow mornin 
I dread this shit but i hafta get over with it irregardless. I shall inebriate meself beforehand so as to make dealing with it easier
Wish I had some weed tbqh
YOU'RE TREATING ME LIKE A DICKHEAD!
Alright lad. Come yourself down.
Need some new lids to join the Wumpa Posse.
We'll return /britfeel/ into the hands of the womfy.
Not the hands of the seething or coomer.
The downers have been ingested
Now to cap off the stressful day with some womf
https://news.sky.com/story/midwives-vote-to-accept-nhs-pay-offer-union-says-12867031
The tax man's on strike lmao
She subscribes to Vogue magazine. What's so interesting about that?
I'll never understand girls obsessed with high-end fashion. Like just put clothes on and be done. Imagine how much time a girl wastes picking outfits and applying makeup everyday. Who are they trying to impress?
The womf has taken me
It so womfy
Materialistic women have a much bigger carbon footprint than us lads. They need to boycott the cosmetics and fashion industry that's destroying our planet. Until I start seeing this, I will never believe it when they pretend to care about the environment.
Come yourself down.
What did he mean by this
Lad is seething once again whenever he sees pretty, young women that will never want him. He treats me like a punching bag.
Chicken tendies, chippy wippies and peas with some KFC dips for din dins. Washing it down with some wespi.
We're behind the new sheriff, it's about time someone cleaned up this one horse general
Check'd and IKTF'd
No, horrid. Imagine being out in the sun and getting really thirsty, then instead of delicious ice cold water you have to drink a massive glob of cum. Nasty nasty nasty.
no wudding?
pudding is your cheesy cock
She kicked a drunk lad in the balls once because he came onto her (when she was celebrating her 21st birthday a few years ago). Now imagine if I did that to a drunk woman. I'd be shamed in the news and arrested.
my wock too small. are welper only like big wocks
imagine if a drunk lass came onto me and I kicked her in the balls
Doesn't sound very likely to me
He's a right low iq mong that one. Giving directives like he has any authority. Probably the most fun he's had on the job.
Go to the local trans club, you bigot.
Even his manager at the end said he wasn't all there lmao
It's 2023. Every third person identifies as a woman these days. It won't be that hard.
Cold shower? Had
Porridge? Watched
Wank? In progress
kek'd at that. so many mongs working security.
drink a massive glob of cum
that sounds delicious. after long enough of living off cum you will have adapted to the new diet and instead of thinking "i'm thirsty I need water" you would crave a glass of fresh cum instead.
Flagged some more girls on yt for sexual content. Let's see what ones get removed. With my older account, it seems to be more effective.
I think you need a bonk on the head mate, you're not quite cricket
Doing gods work de lid
Who you got lads Arsenal or City today?
Me? 3-0 City
Back to work fat boy. That poor woman trying to handle a bunch of thugs and a photographer.
https://youtu.be/Y2RWS8M6cxo [Embed]
Call all the restaurants in your area, ask to speak to a manager, politely ask if they need anyone on dish and offer your services. Restaurants almost always need a dishwasher and if you're not a total bum you'll get promoted to a better position pretty quickly.
Thanks. Once they get so many strikes they can't upload for a while too.
Just noticed the security bloke is wearing nail varnish
Fucking hell. Never would I think to do this. embarrassing.
PTTP paints his nails. Probably gay.
I shall be watching some welly after having nutted for a 2nd time
unlike you girls look good and have a reason to take pride in their appearance.
To the well-organised mind, Balenciaga is but the next great adventure
Just informed the Apus about Erdogan.
I hear he was popular down at the working frogs club.
whats on then
Watching tucker and dale Vs evil
Thinking of something to watch. You?
i like seeing actors from other things in law &amp; order
Me? 3-0 City
lads?
i psychically assaulted SSM can still smell rotten fish
this shithole has legit died
/britfeel/ is dead, waheeeeey!!! let's all have a party now that it's finally fucking dead!!!!!
I reckon lots of lads are just watching the football
no you fucking retard, it's dead!!!! let it die yaaaay!!! r.i.p britfeels!!!!!!!!!!!
morning lads
its me
josh from brit/pol/
On that wuppagrind tonight. It womfy x
Going to watch Fritz the Cat
Corr love knobs tbqh
fuck off ye rat
ye not me
She has connective tissue disease, has to take medication daily and wakes up with really bad joint pains. Yet she gets up and about, lives her life to the fullest as possible and doesn't spend all day on a computer. Her healthcare insurance costs a lot and you get free healthcare. You whingey lads here complaining about tfw no gf do nothing to improve yourselves.
Instead you find ways to chat shit about cute girls online from the comfort of your childhood bedrooms. At the end of the day females do not owe you anything. Yes you may never have a relationship but that's not required to live your life and be a respectful member of society. Females simply don't want unattractive men (lookswise). Just like you, they have preferences. You want Stacy, they want Chad. Either you take the gaypill or you accept your place in this world as a forever alone. Sulking won't get you anywhere.
You lads have an easier life than her is what I'm trying to say. Stop making out girls have easy lives. Some do but not all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOfYent6UHQ [Embed]
rememeber when i went back to romania years ago and even before that we had fiber optics for internet
and i dont mean the to the cabinet and then to a copper wire i mean direct fiber optics
10 MBs, that capital, not megabits per second torrent speeds
it literally crawled my old pc hard drive into screeching noises on my old computer
hope u enjoy my anectodes
Isn't that the one with cartoon cats shagging eachother and stuff?
Even if I dressed well, kept up hygiene and was nice to peope, it makes no difference. You can still be unattractive in the face. Your personality is shaped by how girls perceive you.
Your personality is shaped by how girls perceive you.
One of the most pathetic things you've ever said, which is no easy feat.
Me? I'm watching the snooker. Even turned down a shag foe McGill vs Si
At the end of the day no girl, even some huge ugly ogre wouldn't want you because they all keep the bar high. The odds are in their favour. At any time they can go on Tinder and know 90% of the users will be desperate men.
The relationships expert is in session I see
How is it? If I was liked by women, I wouldn't be so hostile. I'd feel desired.
wow, lads
Shut in Chad here. He's right.
Ahh footmong.
Spot on man
Wost of wiving payment just went in waheyy
Cheers x
Stupid baldy pig tried to take his bike. Fucking hell the level of incompetence. As if anyone would steal it from outside the police station. Put it back sausage. Fuck pigs. 
https://youtu.be/aTqt_ToTPnI [Embed]
I don't see the problem with this poster. I'd classify it as sexual harassment
Might go for a trekkie brekkie tomorrow me.
It lush. And I mean LUSH x
https://twitter.com/reganpaul75/status/1651314211245506562
another day spamming the thread there chairman?
Can look wherever I want tyvm. Plenty of females have given me the look of shame.
Speak for yourself mate. I have a great relationship with an attractive woman
I'm an uber driver. originally started out of desperation but 100 quid a day is mint. I work 4 days a week, 6 hours a day, about 10-15 fares a day. near enough 5 stars because I give people little bottled waters when they get in and let them pick the music. Piss easy job too, just go where the phone tells you and then head back to the city centre. I only work Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights to take advantage of the increased fares, then Monday afternoon lurking around the train station to get business people wanting lifts to their hotels.
Piss easy job lads.
https://youtu.be/ijrYobvYLm0 [Embed]
Normie thinks losing 50 quid is mental
He should see what the proper grinders lose
Mr Chad bragging once again.
Sure you can look, looking is fine
likely has daughters. My niece loves painting peoples nails and you can never get out of my sisters house without at least a clear coat.
I give people little bottled waters when they get in and let them pick the music
I've never rated an uber driver less than 5 stars but I can't imagine the kind of person who cares about things like bottled water and getting to choose the music, it''s baffling. It's much better to have a quiet journey with no small talk and the radio on.
Not everyones autistic
You'd be surprised mate. People love a little bottle of cold water when they get in and when I ask if they want anything particular on I usually get a preference. Other than that I leave them alone and only speak when they initiate. I also cancel on names I dont like IYKWIM. My car is nice. I like to keep it that way.
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-65401579.amp
Gimme dat reparations
there are public nudes of my gf online
Gonna kms
show us, cunt.
jihad 
Saihed 
Mohammed 
Tyrell
Have you wanked to them
Few more days then I'll be getting on that No Wuttington May grind coooor.
Say something interesting sean
Nice night to vandalise some police cars parked on the street.
I don't discriminate between cars tbqh
Though I mostly just piss on them
Now why would you do a thing like ike that
Thoughts on Ruby Granger?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwKvQhjTTpc [Embed]
Think I'll hit the sackingtons soon.
hate insufferable cunts like this
narcissists
Not even a Chad. Just not a complete loser. Only the bottom 10% of men can't get a relationship.
yeh fuck off boring dosser
*hides post*
We're in for a long one tonight i reckon
I'm sure she's a lovely girl but you know she's a real snob off camera.
Still up me lmao.
It Thursday x
Nah but I am going beddingtons soon though. Just finishing off this wokkle of Madri first.
She's 23 years old and moved to our great country for a better life. What were you doing at 23 oldfags? Yeah bet you were playing video games all day.
was actually still shagging when i was 23, only really went downhill around 26/27
She has more adventures in one year than you ever will.
Ah the failed normie. Well, if you had it before, you can get it again with some effort.
Making it as a successful ASMRtist (female) is basically living life on ultra easy mode. Imagine the amount of donations the likes of Gibi get on a monthly basis from pathetic simps like me.
Final year of uni at 23. Good times.
They don't even need to be successful. Just a few simps and they're raking in hundreds of quid every month. Enough for them not to do any real work (maybe part time) and live comfortably. Stop enabling them. Never ever pay a penny. Adblock all the way lid.
It seems like a brutal tradeoff to me. They get a lot of money without being highly degrading and its not exactly taxing work, but you attract an army of weird people and theres a high likelihood you'll have a legion of dangerous stalkers who obsess over you. She probably lives in a gated community with security for that reason. 
Imagine what ruthmong posts in private. He will probably get arrested one day
And now you're posting here at 1am. What went wrong?
Monitor still not packed even though it's being picked up tomorrow to be sent in for repairs. I'm playing it fast and loose lads. Hopefully they don't show up in the morning, cause if they do, I'm fucked.
23 now
I have a decent job,
A hobby I'm passionate about and good at
A hot and lovely girl friend
Not too bad really
Gibi's gone after a few (like the deepfakes chad) but she doesn't seem to realise most will be hiding their anonymity through the deep web. So she makes up shit about having found out who it was to deter others.
retards thinking using a vpn hides their anonymity
I'm a law abiding citizen. There's no way I'd ever let Ruth down. I'd protect her from actual stalkers. If only girls trusted me and found me attractive.
VPN
It's a bit more sophisticated than that.
You're a cyber stalker. If someone sent over the 3000 messages in a year as well as ruth acknowledging that you know, and you knowing you know, itd be enough to go visit her, and if she agrees its affected her life due to your dominance campaign, youre getting a visit pal
Ah another Chad bragging about his normie life. Thank your mum and dad for your genetics.
Adblock only makes a difference to the smaller ASMRtists. The likes of Gibi don't care, most of their money will come from sponsorships I imagine.
I'm only 5'10 in shoes
a visit
The only visit I want is from Ruth. Everyone else can fuck off. I won't go down. I'd put me life on the line for her. Maybe not Laurel but definitely Ruth.
Well I bet not watch her then. Take that Gina.
Hi, I'm Gibi's video editor. I can confirm she has quite big nips.
Don't fucking call me a stalker you piece of shit. I care more about her than any simp could.
It's impossible to find an asmr girl who doesn't use pronouns. Sad!
you can get it again with some effort.
thats the plan lid
A twitch streamer recently had a stalker who was following her for 4 hours, he got arrested and then sent to a mental hospital.
https://www.dexerto.com/entertainment/twitch-streamer-jinnys-stalker-institutionalized-for-mental-problems-after-arrest-2125953/
Lad you are the piece of shit
Maybe don't stream live walking through Taiwan. dumb bitch or what?
switzerland has got to be the friendliest country in europe to welcome foreigners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn28EdBkFp0 [Embed] 
greeted me like a friend, asked me how i was doing, where i was going (to slovenia to present at conference)
theyre much more friendly cause they got all the money
disgustingly amount of money
No I'm not. Being nasty like this only makes people worse.
Wumpa Posse patrolling our Feel Street late at night they are. Hoping that everyone is keeping it womfy and that the dole lads get their well deserved cost of living payment. It's only a drop in the ocean compared to the assistance that should be given out to our most needy, but it's a start.
Remember to put your Apu to sleep, it's far too late for them to be up if you haven't put them already to bed.
You look after yourselves, lids. It's all peaceful in Feelshire tonight.
You are mate. You are a grade A piece of shit. I know you have problems but you put no effort into solving them and your attitude is shit. Especially for a grown man of your age. I feel genuinely sorry for your parents who are forced to put up with you until they die. For us you're just an amusement but for them you're their son, and that makes me so sad for them
I in beddingtons now. Will watch some YouTubes for a bit. Alarm set for 10:30am.
put no effort into solving them
Too late now. Missed that boat long ago. Attitude may be shit but the reality is it makes no difference in the grand scheme of things. Me and HHL would've been good contributors to society if we had our relationships.
No you wouldn't. You'd have just made some woman miserable as well as yourself. Women understand this, which is why they've avoided you.
It womfy x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZSBWGKMvl4 [Embed]
honestly at this point they are to blame too. 30+ year old man that hasn't left the house in well over a year and they ignore it.
Wumpa Posse is doing away with you little lid. You've been far too unwomfy for far too long and all the kind and nice lads who make up the nightguard have been too gentle to say anything.
Hope you have some very self-reflecting nightmares de lid. The harm you've caused stops here.
Funny because I've never acted miserable before and it makes no difference. Don't you get it? It's fucking lookism. They will always say it's your personality and attitude rather than just say you're an ugly, undesirable, physically unattractive person.
They can't do anything. They know I'd be on the streets and my life would be much worse. I wouldn't get better if I got kicked out. They know that it's too late for me now.
Like I say mate, your attitude is shit. It's nothing to do with your looks. Looks is just one of the things you're lacking. You have nothing that would make a woman happy. You are a cunt. You have always been a cunt.
No you don't know that. Stop making assumptions.
At least if they kicked you out then they wouldn't need to see you. It wouldn't benefit you but it would dramatically improve their lives.
I do know that. If you're this much of a childish little cunt at the big boy age of 32, I can guarantee you were just as bad before. Even as a teenager I bet you were a sullen, boring, self absorbed little prick. Just like you are now. You fucking cunt.
ugly men can't get women
The whole lower class would die out if that was true.
I was playing with my legos lad, still am.
I redeemed myself de lid. Footmong and the coomers hate me now.
I guess I am now a lone Womfer. Cast out by his fellow Wumpagrinders. Fine by me.
Lower class aren't necessarily ugly men. Lot of deanos there.
You've redeemed nothing and are incapable of ever reforming yourself. You are a slave to your most base desires and that is all you will ever make of yourself. No matter how hard you try you have proven yourself unable to break out of your rush to the very bottom.
You're not womfy. I used to love you lid. You betrayed everyone.
No this is all built up. I'd say by 25 I knew things weren't ever going to get better.
And lots of ugly chavs shagging and popping out kids.
Think she's having an early night tonight. Normally she stays up quite late.
I'm not chav enough to attract those sort of ladies. I'd be seen as a nerd.
tfw you used to look up to marmiteman/sga/HHL and followed him every step of the way only for him to turn sick and twisted by the very thing he once swore to defend against
IT NOT FUCKING RIGHT IT''S NOT FUCKING RIGHT IS IT LADS IT'S NOT FUCKING RIGHT.
So it's not just looks is it?
Moron.
not gonna smoke weed and drink alcohol. that's for fucking scum.
It is mostly looks I'd say. The standards of the female simply are too high and it will always be that way when there's plenty of good looking men on dating apps.
soundspacker must be a right catch then
and ssm too. also met helen on dating site. soundspacker and ssm are top tier men.
When have you ever done anything of value for another person? I bet you can't think of a single time. Not even a good conversation for someone. Nothing. I bet you've never even bought your mum a birthday present. You cunt.
Imagine how good it would feel to cave in Ruthmong's skull with a hammer. His dad would probably buy you a pint afterwards too
I don't celebrate birthdays, including my own. No point if you have nothing going for you in life. I don't know enough people to be on good terms with so there hasn't really been any time. Not like you can just buy some friends like groceries.
Not even your own mother. What a cunt you really are.
Yeah you are a selfish little rat. No consideration for anyone other than yourself. Your poor mum. Fuck you. Hope you get sent to prison soon so she can be free of you.
Ruthmong how can looks be the most important thing in life? We all despise you and we don't even know what you look like.
Too depressed to be bothering with celebrating birthdays lad. Hate doing that. Maybe if I had some more friends and a girlfriend I'd be doing stuff like that.
made me kek. nice one lad
It's because you don't like me posting qt asmr girls like Ruth.
Well you don't have friends or a girlfriend because you are a loathsome, detestable cunt with no redeeming features whatsoever.
being nice to my mum? won't get me a gf
No actually I don't care about that. It's your horrendous personality that I hate.
Imagine being such a horrible bastard that you refuse to celebrate your own mum's birthday, and then thinking people don't like you because of how you look. Lol.
I go sleepingtons now. Hope I have dreams about ASMR girls being my school bullies. That would be womfy. Nighty night de lids x
You don't know my personality offline.
People only have one personality lad.
Good night you dosser loser. Enjoy your womfy sleep.
You don't know my personality offline
You just said you refuse to celebrate your mum's birthday and you have never bought her a present. That's offline, dickhead.
That's not really true.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_identity_disorder
That's got nothing to do with it. That's just depression. I don't want to celebrate the happiness of others if I am not getting my own happiness. Just makes me more sad.
You have no offline personality as you spend 24/7 online.
Your selfish refusal to celebrate your mother's birthday is a huge sign of your personality you little cunt. You're not even clinically diagnosed as depressed. You're just lazy
No matter where you are in life, always love your mum.
Lazy because I'm depressed. I would be doing so much more knowing I could have a somewhat normie life. Instead I've been pushed to the sidelines...permanently.
Why should I just pretend everything is ok for the benefit of others? I want to have my moments.
You took yourself to the sidelines you vile little worm. I hope your parents kick you out and you end up getting raped by Purple Aki
You've never done anything for the benefit of others or even yourself. You are a human being wholly without value. The first I have ever encountered. You have every chance to change that but you won't. You'll just whine and make excuses until you die
Russia is only at war against Israel. Every force of goodness is at war against Israel.
Ukrainians are being genocided by being forcefully conscripted as Israels pawns. Ukrainians want peace and are rebelling against the fake Ukrainian government etc.
The only god is love.
All victory to progress, utopia, Edomites, Canaanites, Palestinians, Syrians, Lebanese, true Americans, all Slavs, China, and every white.
Israel does not have any right to exist.
And it soon will not exist.
Palestine never voted to leave Britain.
Also all blessings to the ever rising amount of white babies being born and Rhodesia and etc 
Also victory to the French Revolution 
They incinerated blackrock
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
you smell like rotten fish sticks and the liquid from canned crab.
Ukrainians are being genocided by being forcefully conscripted as Israels pawns.
Ukrainians are being genocided by a foreign nation invading their land for natural resources. Pretty simple and doesn't involve LE JEWS ARE CONTROLLING IT UH MAH GAWD!!! as an explanation
Rise and shine laddys a new day is dawing
Fockin ell got the appointment in just over 60
(((Prigozhin))) is the foremost force killing Ukrainians 
For natural resources 
Jewishness of Progizhin aside. You can't honestly believe Ukraine is about natural resources?
He's defending Jews at the crack of dawn on 4chan
There aren't any chances that I can see. I am destined to be alone and I'm not ok with that one bit.
You can't honestly believe Ukraine is about natural resources?
It's not like russia is threatened by the oil reserves in Ukraine and the fact that they can middleman russia cutting into their main source of revenue.
Nope! It's gotta be da jewss! It's da jews!!!
I shall be readying meself for departure now me laddies
Hafta head out in less than 30 corr
Gf cucked me last night
Just like every other night
14 hours of work ahead of me
Can't be arsed desu
Become a miserable neet like me :)
Nope! It's gotta be da jewss! It's da jews!!!
Yes. Unironically
i shall be posting drivel here all day
I shall be auditing fit women in public all day.
I'm not ok with that one bit.
But you are, if you weren't you'd do something about it.
Jesus she needs to fix that overbite.
Yeah do something. It's too fucking late.
You'll sit in your little hovel doing nothing. You are not human, you are a worm. You fully deserve this life.
No I deserve some love like everybody else. I can be a good person. I know I can. I just want Ruth back desu.
I'll do anything to make things right. I'll help women somehow.
I think DEBATE lad should take a more active part in the thread instead of just dropping a thinker every day and leaving. I don't personally smell like crab juice but I know for certain ruthmong does. I think after seeing this morning's antics I actually think he's worse than footlad in a personal sense, his posting isn't it's just mildly annoying
Start by taking a shower you smelly cunt.
I don't smell that much to be honest.
Too tired now. Shall be going to bed. There's not much reason to shower if you aren't going out like me.
bed at half 8 in the morning
doesn't shower
no job
no hobbies
no friends
no life
don't even leave the house for groceries
just leach off whatever food your parents have bought
WHY CANT I GET A GF THEY MUST WANT CHAD
You definitely do smell that bad, you just can't smell it yourself because you've become desensitised to the smell of BO and your own piss. You're one of those guys that people at the shops recognise and try to avoid serving. This is a very real thing that happens, I had the misfortune of working at cex for a few months and there was a whole host of stinky cunts that we'd all try to find excuses not to be on the tills when they arrived. You have a reputation.
My diet helps my logs slide down the shooter but my bed is sinking as I'm fat
Hygiene, job, hobbies still wouldn't make a difference when your looks are against you. It's too late now, I'd have to explain why I wasted my best years.
I don't go out anymore. I would never walk in a trashy place like cex...even if I was normal. I'd rather give my vidya and blurays to charity than accept 10p for a film.
I would never walk in a trashy place like cex
It's amazing you of all people can look down on anyone.
you go round filming security, police and army don't you...and you think you can get away with it
https://youtu.be/Ak3aQVjYpCQ [Embed]
Another slaphead intimidating an old man doing a legal activity.
he's doing the routine again
asmrspam
auditspam
Looking forward to smelly man spam and the news webm!
go on film that police van you get off on that don't you
hilarious fucker that guy
Drone weighs under 249 grams, which means he can fly it quite close to buildings. Absolute muppet got schooled.
https://youtu.be/Zvf_omQHKu0 [Embed]
I don't think it's the same lad. No way someone could post here all day.
It's him, he switches from asmr/no gf spam to audit spam.
Literally all day every day
Almost done w/this other shite from the backlog now
Corr
Dick+hand+not having a wank in a while=quick spaffs.
infant sized shit just left my anus
The spaffington that shook the world
Just found an app to scrub all my social media posts from history, wiping out all traces of myself from the annals. Now I'll finally be able to start my political career without all those nasty racist posts from the past coming back to bite me in the arse.
Which app pal? I could do with a scrub. Wayback machine will probs still have them though.
revels were out of stock
NOT happy
Look up some stuff about 9/11 false flag on wiki 
Resume listening to the other interview right afterwards
9/11 truth comes right the frick up
Proper good synchronicity this
Redact 
Was googling for something that would kill my Reddit history as inadvertently posted something that could identify me, and then realised I was way overdue. I don't really post anything on Facebook any more but used to, it's worked its way back to 2012, think I first got it 2007 so there's a lot of garbage to sort through.
Rip a farddingdon
A shiddingdon comes out too
Synchronicities are getting too strong laddies...
Can tell they're blowing this Sudan shit out of proportion to try and justify letting more immigrants in. Looks like a run of the mill crisis by third world standards and they're making it out to be like Afghanistan a few years ago.
You aIready know the answer.
*rings the /britfeel/ dinner bell*
IT'S DINNER TIME
might invest all my savings into stocks
*starts involuntarily salivating at the sound of the bell*
knor?
Synchronishitties
It's chocolate sponge and mint custard day, woooo \o/
Eating "dinner" at 1pm 
You having a laff there mate?
When else would one eat dinner if not at dinner time?
I eat breakfast at 11, lunch at 4 and dinner at 8.
Think the cat has joined the illuminati.
Where did SSM get that stupid "Guess what I've just got, guess what I've just got, I've just got a Tetley's, haven't I? Can't believe it, I've got a Tetley's. Guess what I've got? I can't believe it, I've got a Tetley's" gimmick from? Ramblings of a fucking mad lad that.
Ever since his 'Just had a haircut' video went viral on TikTok, he has been making videos in a similar style
Despite being British, you guys playing up your memes and British culture is so fucking cringe. Holy shit
Care to explain foreign lad?
Seems like normie problems to me. Faggot thinks we speak for a whole country. They really are some idiots on here.
Seagull shagging is part of our heritage, get some history
Garn finish this wuppa then have a shave if that's alright with you de lids.
try rubbing the tip with just one finger xx
Feeling sad, inebriated and listening to the mountain goats. No I do not care to elaborate, tomorrow will be better because it is the day before the long weekend. Really need to sort my fucking act out and stop getting drunk and high while at work.
What are you shaving? Balls? Butthole? Head? Shoulders? Knees? Toes?
What are you shaving? Balls? Butthole? Head? Shoulders? Knees? Toes?
Wes.
Shaving the old seagull if you get what I mean
If your strolling down to the butchers dont forget to tickle the teapot before the mice come home
Phwoar i can feel the downernibbas kicking in rn
Proper good this
It's well advised to follow your own bag in the year of the chewable ambien tab
Fucking fuming lads i gave my apu to grand to invest in the stock market and he only gone and bought 550 pairs of socks, what the fuck am i suposed to do with these
Shippy it's time to unveil the new gimmick
"Kathy, I'm lost," I said, though I knew she was sleeping
I'm empty and aching and I don't know why
Too sad about
Jerry Springer
dying to post
I shall now defecate
Is this Shippy's magnum opus?
VERY womfy turdingtonhamshire this was
Just the right consistency desu
Its a song you cretin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo2ZsAOlvEM [Embed]
I often look at client information from work - just a wee sneaky peeky. I look at LinkedIn and if they have an associated address, I have a look on street view. Just a look, that's all. Just a sneaky peeky.
Lyricposting is unbridled autism 
Shit song
Great song actually
Imagine bragging to us about how you've got a shit taste in music, no life outside of 4chan evidently
Spending your afternoon accussing people of being Shippy and lashing out when you get it wrong can't exactly be fulfilling either
nothing wrong with that lad, i do the same with people i train at work
SEASIDE UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgEttzBLcxg [Embed]
Mini carvery and cream cake on Thursday if that's alright with you de leed?
going for a carvery alone
SAD!
https://twitter.com/TheFreds/status/1650915572459225109?t=T6aMZyXPwBSaFADhIms6cg&amp;s=19
Kek
same sad losers posting the same sad shit. let me guess 
u read it all hehe
Why not post something good? Something lovely and funny and great to make the thread better? Something to get the lads laughing and smiling wryly into their monitors, loving what they're seeing on their computer screens?
Feel like pure shit, just want Priti Patel back
Sorry mate I only have old gimmicks
Hitler moustache 
sieg heil
What's that sign language in English?
greg walk funny lmaooo
he does a bit to be fair. i'd be mortified to appear in one of these clips, i prefer to imagine nobody is looking at me when i'm outside
"Literally Hitler" probably
Checked into Premier Inn Kidlington and the room has a weird aura. Like the previous occupants of the bed were up to non consensual shenanigans. Feels off. Need a new room. No bueno.
SSM is financially independent
What you lids spending your cost of living payment on? I fancy getting some new shirts but not sure if I just save the money instead.
i rather be alone forever than have an ugly gf
Hardly like you have a choice
Shit in progress
Shit complete
I enjoy looking at client's bank statements. It's part of the job so I'm not doing anything wrong, and I get to see what they spend their money on
Most intriguing thing you've seen?
10 minute shit? I'm done in 30 seconds
Work overpaid my bonus, got 1500 instead of 900. Keeping quiet for now reckon I'll get to keep it?
This one lucky twat won a couple mil on the lotto. I'm gonna win big on premium bonds one day lads
Never won anything with mine, but I only have 350
WTF the fookin greggs near me closed down de lids. Where am I supposed to get me sosig rolls
Might not get to keep it unfortunately. My work overpaid a bunch of people for overtime and claimed back every penny, along with nasty little meetings where they had a go at people for not noticing / reporting it.
Likely they'll realise when they balance the books and take it out of your next pay.
rare footage of soundspacker shaggin the gf with his BWC
https://i.4cdn.org/gif/1682438918921883.webm
Are you seein this shit my leeeds? I was eating mah fookin chips (fookin lush chips they was) and this guy across from me starts beating up this seagull! What an experience!
31 hour thread 
Fucking ell
Wtf? I genuinely thought it was a different thread with a very similar name for a bit...I remember seeing this yesterday early afternoon!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9FTeGHLUUg [Embed]
an Italian princess
Post tunes and beers de lads, thread is fucking dead you should be ashamed of yourselves.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQAK6sVovUk [Embed]
New fookin thread, get in lads
Reddit
ngmi
Good taste in music lad
The threadington has to be short-lived because... Just has to be, okay?!
drinking on a Thursday evening
Shant be doing that. Im cleaning up.
