WE NEED A /BBC/ BOARD
I AGREE. HWABAG. WE WILL ALWAYS NEED BLACK COCKKK
I agree as long it comes with the added rule that BBC/racebaiting outside of /bbc/ leads to a 30 day ban.
this might actually save 4chan. Literally anything relating to BLACKED/BNWO/BBC will result in suspension and your thread moved to the designated board. All discussion about anything relating to this concept results in warning/ban and thread pruning on other boards, especially including /b/ /r9k/ and /gif/
4chan fixed over night
That's crossing a fucking line. BBC is not only just part of /r9k/ culture, but part of the culture of the entire website.
it would be like "trolling outside of /b/ isn't allowed" which is never enforced
Which is preferable. All these boards, especially the red boards, need bbc, cuckolding, and chastity to survive
HWNBAS4BBC
based
the amount of astroturfing around these topics is really annoying so I agree
It's the culture of everyone at your agency sure but none of this is real social consensus and we can see through it.
Nearly half the board is in the consensus that cuckolding is normal and socially acceptable. Stop being a dinosaur and get with the times man
Nigga made a bcc basedjak
How can we even compete whiteboy bros????
We cannot compete. That's why we must fund BMWF and to accept our sexless cuckold fates
based 
hiroshima nagasaki should really do this
Do you mean /nig/ board?
as a rational human being, I support the motion
My ex was super into BBC porn and would always talk about he would be ok with me having sex with another guy as long as I filmed it and he was black. I was not interested because I would still feel like I cheated even though he gave me permission (also im not into black guys) and we broke up not soon after. When I eventually started dating someone else who happened to be Asian he contacted me and went on a racist rant. What is with weird incel white supremacist type of guys being ok with interracial couples as long as its a white woman and a black man?
Wow. Robots are more based than I thought. Based BBC connoisseurs
