Why does /r9k/ treat the blackpill as fact when even on the 4chan "incel board" most guys here are normalfags?
Because if they don't they have to accept that (most of) their shortcomings are their own fault.
You can't change genetics but you can change everything else.
Also it's hotter when a girl is naked but you cannot see her lewd parts tbqh.
blackpill is started to catch widespread acceptance since its just lookism at its core and lookism has been proven time and time again, far before the word "incel" was even a thing.
The funniest thing for me is that the average r9k user is many times more lookist than the average """normalfag""".
Can't see their lewd parts how?
Blackpill meaning what? That most ugly guys still find love easily and young men are doing fine still?
They worship stacys and pretend 4/10 girls are hideous abominations.
samefag seethe cope mald dilate and touch grass. simple as.
Why are cruel people unpunished? The person that abused me is in a happy relationship while I am permanently alone, you are in a happy relationship despite not caring when I cut myself, child abusers and murderers often have happy relationships, am I THAT FUCKING HORRIBLE THAT MY EXISTENCE IS WORSE THAN PEOLLE THAT KILL CHILDREN?
The simple fact that sexlessness has reached normalfags, it used to be basement dwellers were the only ones not getting laid, then it spread to all poor singles, now it's even infecting well paid but ugly people. Plenty of perfectly functional attractive, social people are going without. Why? The sexual landscape is devolving, half of the singles are gaslighting themselves into absurd feelings of entitlement, the other half is shrinking in fear of living up to these insane standards.
Sexlessness is rising but it's nowhere near as bad as where blackpill proponents think it is. The degenerates on /r9k/ are mostly normalfags still and have had girls like them and/or they've never even tried to get a gf before.
God isn't real.
As in they are out of frame or hidden by the perspective.
Pic rel, or how it is in the OP.
Where are the actual incels at
In my opinion it's better when a girl is dressed but you can see her lewd parts anyway.
Rotting on osrs, HOI IV or some other chud game. 99% of real incels don't even know what blackpill or incel is, they are just living their lives waiting to die like the next person
Doesn't the fact that these guys who are "normalfags" always admit to being handsome and tall actually prove the blackpill if anything?
This. Most if not all incel dogma is designed to make lonely guys less butthurt.
I agree.
Not here. Maybe on incel forums but the ones I've looked through (e.g. quasi-incel subreddits) seem to be mostly normalfags.
I saw this a few times with girls IRL and it disgusted me for some reason. I thought the girls were hot but I don't want to see their nipples/butt accidentally.
I like seeing nipples or their underwear through their clothing, though.
If blackpill means that handsome men date easy, then maybe, but still it's hard to find the incels, and the stats around this seem to show average to ugly guys are generally doing just fine.
/r9k/fags are just bitter fat ugly women in the bodies of men. The only credence they have is that women regardless of economic status or looks have inflated standards from social media, their solution is to either mutilate themselves in ritual humiliation, fuck hookers and preteens or get groomed by feds into shooting places up.
This is easily the worst board after /qa/ and /mu/ in producing modern day faggots.
Nice to find another person who enjoys this fetish.
meaning you need to buy hooked on phonics so you can learn how to read
Is it lookism but ugly guys still do just fine? I guess.
