Do femanons into lolicon exist...?
Love lolis
Hate lolicons
Simple as
i like it and know a lot of women also into it.
it's cute, it's fun to self insert into, and the dynamics are almost always appealing.
I hate lolicon women
They are all pretend to be cute sluts and are the ones that spam mesugaki shit
when the appeal of lolis is the purity
that's an egirl desperate for coomer attention.
not a lolicon woman.
yeah i'm a girl and i love lolicons. shoot me an email at childprotectiondivision@fbi.gov
I mean, probably some of them that got molested/raped as kids and are so broken that fapping to loli, especially with an older guy, is basically their way of reliving their trauma and the only way they can really feel anything anymore.
Granted, if you ever meet a woman like that gently push her to get help and don't help her further break herself down.
I'm dating one right now but she's avoidant and BPD
you win some you lose some
I want to make friends and share loli hentai and doujins with a lolicon femanon Lorknzs#9882
that's an egirl desperate for coomer attention.
so any woman
how far would you take the fetish?
If a man you were dating asked you to roleplay as a child, would you?
want a lolicon gf
im a 5'7 skinny twink
they always want a daddy/tall abusive guy
its so over
I remember i met an artist femanon who drew lolis with me but she ghosted me, I wish i could talk to another femanon who would like to draw lolis together
i'd do it but it'd have to be a dynamic i liked. no gross daddy stuff.
isnt daddy stuff most loli roleplay
yeah, but it's gross. i prefer big brothers or teachers.
I totally relate to you
Anon daddy stuff is only for girls who don't have fathers. Get this : theres girls with good relationship with their dads who are also in lolicon stuff, but think daddy stuff is fucking gross because their dad is not absent so they know what a dad is supposed to be like
are you any good at drawing? i like to draw but i'm still learning
yes. my femanon gf is into it.
incest is GROSS! I prefer incest and being groomed by someone of autority
women
I am, I wont post my art here on r9k but if you're are willing to move on discord and can pull your weight on art ill drop contact
Hey i dont have a big brother so i can have that type of degen kink. Teachers im 50/50 with it, depends how hot
why do dudes with gfs go here
i'm kinda nervous you might be someone i know since i drawfag in other places, what does your name start with?
because i've been on this website for longer than most of the userbase have existed on earth
im a femanon into shotacon, theres that. that said, if youre that one "looking for a femanon to discuss degenerate lolicon with" guy switching tactics, fucking kill yourself youre so fucking annoying
wouldnt know
and my nick starts with K
what about yours
Imma leave my disc so we can talk in there if you end up feeling like it because im gonna have to brb for like an hour soon MysteryBuster#9306
yeah okay, i'll shoot you an add.
you already made it dude whats the point in hanging
discordfags come in and all discussion dies
sigh
a significant portion of (and some of the best) loli artist are female.
and i hate you fuck you
Only when it's yuri
how about you become my dyke friend which i tease and flirt with sometimes
no only men can be this mentally ill
Yes I dated one. She loved seeing lolis getting abused and tortured. She was a good sport.
Rrrr Ting (Brrt, brrt)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (Ga, grrra-ga-ga-ga-ga)
Watch your motherfuckin' tone, boy (Watch that)
Get hurt, boy (Get hurt)
Aww, here go another muhfucker that don't understand
The concept of puttin' money first, boy (First)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work, boy (Work)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work, boy (Work)
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know
Ahh, that's the worst, boy (Worst)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
You haven't been the man for like a minute
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul
You can really get the business (Get it)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (I'll admit it)
Rolling swishers, hittin' swishes
Got me feelin' like a ball hog
I don't pass 'em when I get it (Naw)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it (Why?)
You too worried 'bout the bitches (What you worried 'bout?)
I got one girl, and she my girl, and nobody else can hit it (Try a ting)
She'll admit it, she'll admit it (Try a ting)
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas
And just like every single other thing in my life
You can have her when I'm finished (Why?)
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit, boy
Phone call back home, shit is hot up in the 6, boy (Hot up in the 6)
Shit hot up in the 6 right now
Shit hot up in the 6, boy (Hot up in the 6)
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now (Ga, ga, ga)
Come see us and get it fixed, boy (Hey)
Black Benz on the road, boy (On the road)
Already had a Rolls Royce (On the road)
Sold a couple Bentley last week
Them were my old toys (Man, this shit is old)
I give a fuck about old, boy (Man, that boy old)
I give a fuck about his squad, boy (Man, that thing old)
I give a fuck about your mob, boy (Oh)
I'm the real 6 God, boy (Whoa)
I'm about to say a true thing (Yeah)
I'm about to say a true thing (Yeah)
We are all here forever. And I'm not that guy. 16 years and counting on this shithole.
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a U-chain
Goddamn, you changed
I put it on 'erything, it's a Rrr Ting
It's a OVO come through murk things
I know you heard things
Bitch, I know you heard things
Yeah, I know you heard things, I know you
I'm not new to this
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side
I'm not new to this
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side
I'm not new to this, I'm not new, I'm not new
Yeah, I know you heard things
Nobody really likes us except for us
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's whasup
Yeah, my sound got the whole city in your way right now
Yeah, so I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin right noww
Baby, I like your style
Grips on your waist
Front way, back way
You know that I don't play
Streets not safe
But I never run away
Even when I'm away
Oti, oti, there's never much love when we go OT
I pray to make it back in one piece
I pray, I pray
That's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
Baby, I like your style
Strength and guidance
All that I'm wishin' for my friends
Nobody makes it from my ends
I had to bust up the silence
You know you gotta stick by me
Soon as you see the text, reply me
I don't wanna spend time fighting
We've got no time
And that's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
Got a pretty girl and she love me long time
Wine it, wine it, and she love me long time
Ooh yeah, very long time
Back up, back up, back up and wine it
Back up, back up and wine it
Girl, just back up, back up, back up and wine it
Ooh yeah, very long time
Back, up, back up and wine it, girl
Ooh, tell me
I need to know, where do you wanna go?
'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow
Make you lose control
Where, where, where
Where, where, where, where (ooh yeah, very long time)
(Back, up, back up and wine it, girl)
'Cause if you're down (back up, back up and)
'Cause if you're down (back up, back up and)
'Cause if you're down (back up, back up and)
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers takin ah hold on me
You used to call me on my
You used to, you used to
Yeah
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city, you
Got a reputation for yourself now
Everybody knows and I feel left out
Girl you got me down, you got me stressed out
Cause ever since I left the city, you
Started wearing less and goin' out more
Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor
Hangin' with some girls I've never seen before
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city, you, you, you
You and me, we just don't get along
You make me feel like I did you wrong
Going places where you don't belong
Ever since I left the city, you
You got exactly what you asked for
Running out of pages in your passport
Hanging with some girls I've never seen before
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
These days, all I do is
Wonder if you're bendin' over backwards for someone else
Wonder if you're rolling up a Backwoods for someone else
Doing things I taught you, gettin' nasty for someone else
You don't need no one else
You don't need nobody else, no
Why you never alone
Why you always touching road
Used to always stay at home, be a good girl
You was in the zone, yeah
You should just be yourself
Right now, you're someone else
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
Ever since I left the city...
what ended up happening to her if she was good?
Things didn't work out. Like most relationships. It was mostly the fact we were in a ldr. But she was a kinky one and the sex was 10/10.
yes! iam one of em 
i moreso project than admire but both overall is nice flat is life :3
tfw never discuss ss artists with a femanon
new jairo chapter when
i hate mesugaki shit and self insertion but love lolis
i also dont like moid lolicons
how would you even broach this topic
im also a loli artist but i dont like coomerniggers
id love finding a fellow artist that just lieks the cute n funny aspect nsfw sometimes is ok
its hard to find sfw only loli artists
hey anon i also draw lolis !! id luv to be frens with anywan else here that also draws
do you wanna drop ur disc? id love having more loliscribbler frens too
np!!! NEET#1838
I want to be a loli and I want my bf to be my daddy lol
teachers
sooo based I like to do student/teacher rp with my bf it gets me so wet
we're here forever. old habits die hard. believe it or not r9k existed for a long time outside the sphere of being "incel-only".
very extemely relatable
Isn't that the average ddlg life? Age play is pretty hot ngl. How much older do you want your daddy to be?
