How old are you and do you still shave your nether region?
Personally I have given up on shaven it since nobody is going to be seeing it but me.
27
Never shaved or trimmed any of my body hair in my life
21 and I stopped when I started dating a guy who doesnt give a fuck. Boys care about weather or not a pussy is shaved, men dont.
do girls really like it when guys shave their pubes? i think it looks terrible.
I trim them now and then just cause it looks bad if you're entirely unkempt
i trim them (like one pass with hair clippers) and completely shave my ass 
i have no intention of ever showing anyone its just for hygiene
Early twenties.
Yes, once a week, because it's hygenic and I have a lot of hair.
33. Never shaved since I'm not a faggot.
Trimmed looks goofy, and I have a lot of chest hair too. I kind of like my hair color. Almost blonde on thighs and a golden color on pubes. I expect my future wife to not trim or shave either, even if she just has boring brown hair.
Why did god give the sodomites the bigger dicks
30, yeah I still shave every month or two because feeling hairy and scratchy triggers my autism. Especially when I'm exercising, I fucking hate it when the hair gets all sweaty and wet in my pits pubes and ass crack, it makes me feel incredibly uncomfortable.
22. trim my pubes cus it gets crazee down there sometimes and it makes me cleaner when i do. i get really sweaty on my perineum so i trim my balls and underneath my ass aswell. hope this information satisfies you. good day
hair isn't itchy unless its extremely short and stubby. I've never understood this cope that faggots do where they pretend they shave because they don't like "itchy" hair.
hair has the opposite effect. Having hair helps against sweat, it helps against humidity, it helps keep you dry. The only time hair is ever itchy is a few days after shaving it all away.
that cock looks so delicious..
32 and I get waxed once a month by this chick who I get super stoned with while she does it. Good convos and friendly convo. I literally have a girl for tanning, haircuts, and waxing. Why? Because women see men who take care of themselves and like them.
men never stop giving a fuck if they ever cared about it. You just found a disgusting beta faggot who puts up with it.
18
never shaved it in my life cause im lazy
25 and I keep it trimmed but never shave it.
god i wish i had hips like that,,
Is his cock decomposing
43 and I will occasionally go over the area with clippers when it's looking a bit shaggy, or if I expect another person will be seeing it.
SHAVING your "nether region" is for women and other people who get fucked, though I prefer trimmed on chicks, too.
Sometimes internet girls see my dick so I try to keep them short. Get rid of then like every 2 months or so. When I had a gf I used haie removal every couple weeks. Smooth balls feel fucking nice.
I'm 22 and I clean shave my cock and balls once per month. Also trim my asscrack and armpits monthly.
Why do you shave your ass?
What are you tryna make space for?
Mostly hygiene. Don't want flecks of feces stuck in a jungle of ass hair, that's just disgusting. You never know when you're gonna get rimmed. Best to be prepared.
Yes but rarely due to depression and laziness. At a minimum you should shave or trim you ass. So many guys out there with swamp ass due to never shaving their ass or washing it in the shower.
Dude just wash you ass.
Buy a bidet you fkn american
How about you stop being stubborn and just spend the 30 seconds it takes to trim your 6 inch long ass ecosystem, Eurotrash.
31 years old
I shave it completely. I'm silky smooth down there.
The escorts appreciate it, it's much easier to get them to agree to blow me.
I wax, watch videos on pornhub how to wax properly. After using talcum powder after the strips, I never had ingrowns. It also stays smooth for like an entire week before it grows back.
don't even need a bidet. I just wipe and when I'm done I jump in the shower spread my asscheeks and turn the sprinkler on
