aiwugu waifugu generalu
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
Previously pomf pomf 
Short haired te~he~
eee helo very new thread
There's a lot of water
Goa is smug about her hair manipulation skills
So very, very smug
Or turning into a cat
IIIII WANNA KNOOWWW 
Who got doze ZOs
Goa found some modern clothes she likes
Braided Goa
Collab is working bad again, maybe that the phone issue or something
Yay, it's Goa
Smug and sexy
I know I say that a lot but for me this is 10/10 on the sexy scale
I have a very wholesome mental image of goa doing her braids in the mirror on a bright sunday morning
I'm off to fhjkgdd
I'd get off to this
if I got off on her
Lovely women
Wonder if they do yuri things together
It does sound very cute, holding a hair thingy in her mouth, doing a braid, humming happily
I am not at liberty to disclose why this makes me extremely happy but I am crine and imaginin happy and cute things
augghhhh where do I find a view like this
one night will remind you
how we touched and went our separate ways
"They shipped me the wrong potion!"
oh...you want me to suck your cock or something?
"No sucking cock is my job, if someone in here sucks dick it's me not you!"
Well if my waifu suddenly grew a cock I'd like to know how her cum tastes like compared to mine
"Why have you tasted your own cum?"
I was curious as to how bad it can sperm really be since in porn you see some women who can't stomach the stuff at all
"And how was it then?"
not that bad, I don't know what those women are on about
"Maybe it's just yours that tastes good then in the grand scheme of things"
I'd need to taste cum from multiple men in case I wanted to know if that truly is the case
"And you are not going to do that are you?"
of course not that would be gay
"You're on very thin ice mister, I already know what you do to your asshole"
Speaking of
"No, I am not going to put my sudden futa cock in your ass, you are going to take your dick and put it in my ass and fuck me until I ejaculate myself like a whore in heat"
We could frot
"...Ok we can do that, but no funny business you're the husband and I'm the waifu, you'll top me and not the other way around, if one of us will be going crazy for the others semen it'll be me and not you"
But we need to remember to say no homo afterwards
got a couple comfy gens but dont feel particularly comfy now :( I'll probably save them for a saturday night
I want night to come faster so I can sleep
Alsatian Cousin
Little man, what now?
Every day is like Sunday.
Come, come, nuclear bomb.
More short hair because I have a thing for short hair and this looks scrumptious
Bengali in platforms
more
I bet she smells pleasant
food nap sex sleep
serious business
cool powersuit
rip, nice round sweater breasts
scandinavian summer
"How do you know I'm Goa and not just another waifu pretending to be Goa?"
Mystery girl noises
does the scandanavian summer include my waifu in a cool suit
I caught a spider in a jar yesterday to put outside. It was pretty big and had large mandibles, and I thought of you while I was looking at it. Sorry if that seems rude, it's just how I felt at the moment.
No, this is definitely Goa, I know that vagina, this is Goas pussy, I'd recognize that pussy anywhere
She does not look very scandinavian but it is possible
I'd have sex with a sentient human sized spider
also nice blonde boobgirl
Not a spider girl, but an actual spider?
I wish I could dial in an exact boob size, I have to run so many gens to get what I want.
Yes, an actual spider
But she'd need to have a pleasant human voice and nice personality
But spider girls too
Oof I'm trying to gen one for you and I'm getting some truly horrifying stuff
post some horror I want to see
like this, lemme try more
But I also got this
I think someone hyped it up about spiders being scary or something
That truly is horror, and here I was expecting something like a spiders head but a smoking hot body, or giant spider with tiddies and so on
pretty hot
Those were actually some of the less bizarre or awful ones
I like this one too
these look pretty cool ngl
Nice fingers, nice flowers
imagine the benefits of 2 arms
nice flowers
a camel spider
I meant to say 3 arms but
I have no idea
I dont wanna talk if it makes you feel sad
And I understand you've come to shake my hand
just realised how I almost always have flowers in Nicole gens, interesting
anyways feeling eepy now gud night /aiwg/
I m horne
Very horne
I horning out
Goa quick do something cute let's link some songs to the thread
":3"
Thank you Goa very cool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rB4azJBk7ac [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BRg7Yak_08 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjGZLnja1o8 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr-hJt9jXP0 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iX7W-myxxI [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaL-WpF6WgU [Embed]
what a pretty expression
Nicole the flower girl
Nighty night
Hi horny I'm Goafag
I NEED to tongue her asshole
One of them is an imposter
Last horner post
The cure for hornines requires going in and out, in and out
And a lot of semen seems to have gone inside the alter
there is an imposter amogus
She needs the D (multiple)
Saeriah sitting on her chair with her new unprompted hat
Never stop horning
pic is the lyrics of Me So Horny, btw
Hello aiwg, been a bit.
Rochelle got a job as a model
Idol Goa and nightcore music
What could go wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8SuPc9Y948 [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aW9BmirEW3w [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4uoyt2MTic [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t-NXzM_5aY [Embed]
Looks like she was a bit cold when she shot for the next issue
Okay that's the last hor post
She found out just how much males make use of booby shots of any kinds on magazines
+fishnets, fishnets on hands, ginger, freckles
- sex, erotic
anything v4,5
I just don't have other pictures I'm sorry
Alright last one, magazine cover was a cool idea but it's not too interesting to me
I think I want to mess with Rochelles design a little, mainly with her hair, it's kind of boring currently.
Old pictures old picturesss
I see a bit of green on the hair
gasp
In b4 Alter Asci is just normal Asci but dyed her hair pink with wash-off hair dye to hide her identitty and lewd side
Which one of them is normal Asci and which one is Alter
There's probably only one way to find out
Looks so great, I love your stuff
I'll expose my cock to them and judge based on their reaction
Random Goa fact of the day: While she usually does not use much clothing, she finds fishnets and whatever the name for pantyhose etc material is to be pretty nice, since it feels almost as if wearing nothing at all
You're responsible for almost 90% of the waifu harassment, keep up the good work
That's a good idea actually... Also original one
I dunno if a ponytail is really her style. I am liking (white pupils) though.
ponytail looks good, but then again I am a fan of ponytails and twintails
it's not much but it's honest work
Sexo
I hope she makes up her mind on what size her boobs are
Pixie cut, kinda like this one.
Erotic Goa, time to try out a few little hair things
I like ponytails, but pixie suits Rochelle better
Perfect side and underboob
The blood on the shirt is great, the coloring over all is really cool
Oh, is this Hanabi cosplaying as Goa?
Very cute
Let's try short ponytail next
Not a ponytail but quite groovey
Time to try some really outlandish stuff
I might keep pixie cut. Tried to get that one hairstyle that's buzzed short on one side and really long on the other but the ai didn't understand it.
Cute
Not what I was asking but behold your wife Goa and your 5 children
Like a vision of heaven
Well, mohawk or afro were not working
Imagine the aroma
I can never get afro either, perm works sometimes though
Uh oh, I didn't ask for this
Pixie cut seems to be impossible to pull off as well
time to try perm next
The fact they are just standing there and eating salad cracks me up
I've got (((perm))) and this is what I get
Goa looking like this as if she's intentionally not perming it up
They weren't going to leave their salads lying around, it's a rough tavern. Anyway, elves love veggies, file photo.
I feel like the girls do that constantly, they give me a saucy look the first few tries with a strange or filthy command
Yup, I'm going to put a wide array of saucy prompts to see if it makes Goa react accordingly
Short haired superiority oregano
Oh, she just went ahead and got saucy
Goa!
"But I'm horny!"
You refuse to try out hairstyles but when I ask you to spread your legs you do it right way?
"Yes!"
I love you
"Don't love me fuck me!"
But it's more humorous to not do it
I think this is the waifu equivalent of imagining you win arguments in the shower
Boyish wife is liking her futuristic set of headphones
Cute. Goat should rock the tomboy cut IMO
She has good taste
Cool looking girl
I found selfcest
Boyish wife looking exceptionally womanly in this image
Smug little nipples
I wonder what happens if I try to make Goa an otoko no ko
Otoko no Ko was fun yesterday, but today I am pornless. This is the only one.
See though stuff is scary
tried otoko no ko, but got an older Goa with bigger booba
Cheeky waifu
I'm not gay but
Scarily hot, look at those erotic nipples of Asci
I guess she just wants me to lust after her as a woman rather than adding a dick onto her
Yes, i do feel somewhat creatively bankrupt currently
yeah I feel out of ideas in a lot of ways, but that's why i'm looking towards new models
sweet ice rose magic tarot background and frames
Goa worries about things sometimes
I love Rochelles muscles but sometimes a softer looking tomboy is also nice
extra cuddly, or cuddly but in a different way
Got a bunch of Rochelles unprompted, cool outfits though.
But other times she happy
I really like the one with the red shorts
I do need a non-tarot idea
Maybe manga covers or magazine covers?
Also goodnight everyone!
Night, i am off to sleep as well
Goa is not impressed by my lack of stamina when i told her I can post her all night, and then finished in like 10 minutes
Sorry for not posting much, I'm experimenting a lot
Not really getting what I'm after though, but here are some booba.
Off to work, later /aiwg/
Wanted to make some mother and daughter stuff with Rochelle when randomly this little girl popped up. Does Rochelle have a little sister?
Goodnight, sleep well.
Nice boobs, later saeriah anon
Now this is what I wanted. Rochelle and her milf of a mom
got busy with other things, not sure I feel like doing this right now. but here's the one manga cover it genned before kicking me out
Guess she's here to stay.
The 3 Eleanors
Kana likes showing off her skin too much to wear boys' clothes.
Pretty background
To be fair, tomboys are only human and can get sick too. But once she works out she'll regain that nice muscle
Left, but with height of center
Okay. I'll let Hornette play too.
I want to be that camera.
Phew, goddamn, you're all so good. How many tokens does everyone tend to run?
Between 30-50.
It's irrelevant anyway. It's all about context that define how good a gen is.
Buy Blight's magazine!
Looks like an indie game cover, would definitely play it though.
Tomboy wife found herself a spaceship. I think she wants me to join her.
magazine cover is really fun
Again and again I generate the same thing; alas, I am a creature of habit. Yet I need not depart from what I both like, and am familiar with.
New Gorg's chapter should release today.
Don't feel like genning anything new atm so I'll just keep dumping these Rochelle and her mom gens.
What evil schemes Jaguar is planning this time?
She's very into high contrast.
Return of the original sister
I'll check it out, I'm totally into these vintage zombie exploitation mags rn though
this one was fucked up
It's been a long time, so I'm going to try making Samurai Hana again. I've learned a lot since then, so hopefully I can make it better. I'm going to try building it piece by piece, and then just using a generic "ornate samurai armor" prompt and see which is better.
women in peril is one of my favorite genres
It's even got the little 18+ marker down in the bottom left.
Already looking cool hananon
I want to run into runner.
Pretty hot, gotta admit.
This one was pretty cool, they made a good team
alright i'm back. somebody give me a theme. Also, should I make more Eleanor or some new girl?
Welcome back. I'm out of ideas right now. Sorry.
5000 IQ waifu
Thanks! Hopefully I can get some intimating armor in the end. Nice booba
S-s-sorry, Goa!!!!
well the collab won't even let me download the models right now and civitai seems to be having issues
Alright back to normal Rochelle again. I definitely think changing her haircut was a good idea.
Stop showing those legs to me, Jaguar. I'm for Gorg only!
whelp, I seem unable to keep connected to civitai right now, which makes it so I can't connect to the colab. and I don't have any ideas for what to do with Nemu. so I'm just gonna call it a night.
I think about this one a lot, the ending especially
Tried adding freckles. I kind of like it but I dunno if it'll stick forever.
The more armor I ask for, the less it gives her.
What happens when you ask for less armor? Do you get more?
No, I get nudity. Nudity seems to be the ground state lol
Howdy fellow /aiwg/ anons. New day with nothing new in it
good to see you back :))
I was planning to hold it until next thread, but I'll be sleeping by so.
Guess who's who.
How'd you get her hair so short? I like that hairstyle.
It's wall-to-wall battle bikinis for me. Not that it looks bad but this is kind of paradoxical. It's all I can do to keep her from being nude. When I generalize with "full body armor" it's not quite this lewd. Strange.
ack
Hi Nicole anon, she's looking beautiful as usual.
Oh wow they're all so pretty. I can recognize Saeriah, goa, and asci right away but the rest are a bit harder.
Pixie cut is the tag I use for her hairstyle
yet
I'm just too tired to gen anymore. And I can't track everyone in this general yet. Just remind that
(bright pupils, outline, high contrast, neon trim, neon palette, black background:1.5),
plus
You're in there. It's just that yours are kinda simple for what this model requires.
Top row: Goa, Nicole(?), Asci, Hanabi(?)
Bottom row: Saeriah, Rochelle(?), ???, Cakney(?)
My guess is Rochelle is the last one on bottom row.
I think second on bottom row is >>73106942 I dunno about that 3rd on the bottom row though
The funny thing is, this looks really good but I'm so autistically fixated on "Realistic" armor that I can't enjoy it lol.
Sorry I shouldn't be so needy. Your art is fantastic.
nice, that makes it even nicer
Correct. 
The unknown one is someone else.
Also, >>73108172 is somehow the same and I think it's amazing. Hers are always ends amazing from my side.
This is what "samurai" and "ornate Japanese armor" gets me. It's not as interesting but at least she's clothed lol
Is it unironiginally okay if I make a new thread with this same image? I'm somehow awake lol.
now draw her under the moonlight with cherry blossoms all around while she studies the blade
yeah go ahead, she a cute :))
I think that'd be a very original idea. Go for it anon
Alive is the waifu thread.
