I love love love my r9k bf! Everything about him is amazing! I couldn't imagine a more perfect person to spend every day of my life with &lt;3
Haiii salmongirl go cut the salmon
Why do trannies like this show so much?
Good evening, I ate the salmon earlier. No more salmon for me. Thank you though, dont sleep too late today
I will try to! I don't have any reason to stay up late today, unless for some reason I wanna stay up watching anime or something. Hopefully I have some self-control.
cuck cuckold cuckolding onions basedboy
We inspire robots forever!
Is it late there already?
Not now, but fishgirl saw me up super late in my thread once and chided me.
unblock me on discord glownigger
ILY!!!
Also study for ur tests and do ur homework
Who? I have nobody on my block list
I am done with those so no worries about that. Now what shall I do with the free time I have?
Clean your room until its spotless
...
WHYYYYYYYY
Fine Fishie I will do it. I've been wanting to do it anyway... I think I've been coughing up a storm recently because of all the dust.
WeeEEEEH COUGHING?!! POCO you need to take better care of your health =3=
Yes I know ;-; I will get more sleep tonight then, for more healing capabilities. >:D
Good boy!! More sleep is v v v important uwu
huh
how are you inspiring us
Why can't you freaks just talk in dms? Nobody wants to see this or even cares about you fags.
is sharing your love publicly in this manner something couples who are genuinely in love do?
especially in a place with suicidal virgins and people standing on the edge of life and death?
if i was in love with a girl, and she was literally the most absolute perfectly flawless girl imaginable, and she was so in love with me she is willing to kill herself just to make me happy, and we were a couple at the peak of our mutual infatuation
would bragging about it on r9k be something we do? let others into our personal lives, to judge us?
No :D 
And I don't have Retard's and Salmongirl's contact info unfortunately.
See >>73091297 
We're the inspiring lovey dovey ultra-romantic couple relative to most
We do talk in DMs but she's extra lovey today
When we're in mehico together we'll have some updates still
Tranny-kun is me for some reason lol, so she's salmon-san/retard-san/salmongirl/fishgirl.
Why call my boyfriend retard...
They are just trying to hurt others and feel superior because the bf feeds his ego by seeing/doing this. Oh well it gives me a place to post my cuts, look they even added another normalfag to their little group.
they are just bullies through and theough. i asked kindly for him to stop bullying me but he says he'll only stop when he's bored. i understand your frustration desu, this duo is the meanest on the board
i also posted my cuts with you that one time, hello again. how have you been doing lately?
My bad, Trannykun!
Sorry, I got called him the wrong thing! I'll call him Trannykun from now on. Unless you have another suggesstion for what to call him.
I am very hateful lately, someone that abused me a lot is in a happy relationship. I am so inherently unlovable literal child murders and serial rapists have easier times finding someone to connect with than me.
Do you two post in the cutting general?
dont interact with me normalfag
She's a malignant, sociopathic troll.
Not really lol. Also, you can extremely easily not respond to me. You know the shotacatboy poster? They ignore me now because they hate me/can't respond to my arguments, and it makes their threads too boring to post in.
If you stopped posting here to attention whore, you'd get 0 negative responses, also, obviously.
Why act fwenly to the manifesting bocchiposter who's a normalfag but not him? I don't get it.
She's not at all. She's a sweet angel! &lt;3
They ignored me before and also I didnt realize they were as normal as they are. I do not know enough about that person to categorize them as a normalfag. My life is inherently less valuable than that of a serial killers.
im sorry to hear that anon, what do you think makes you unlovable? im not very hateful anymore myself, but i remember how that can be. and hard as it is, you gotta ignore gatekeeper anon. he usually frustrates me to no end, but ive been trying to let the words slide off of me these days instead. however it does annoy me tons to see these brag threads up every single time i check the board, its nice to see someone else who understands how mean these two can be. it seems like every other poster thinks that theyre great people for some reason, when they post here only to hurt people
i still don't see how this inspires us robots
at best i think this will inspire more normalfags, like we need more of those roaming around here
i reply because otherwise you will just derail, also im bored and you always soak up all the (You)s by trying to hurt the posters here. i may as well respond to whoever is willing to talk to me, even if it often feels like talking to a brick wall with you
I am mentally ill I assume. Normalfags can sniff it out it doesnt matter what I say or do, I genuinely wish the worst possible pain and suffering to every normalfag. My life is inherently valued less than someone who tortures and kills others if that person is interesting
Being a robot/incel/insin doesn't mean you're less valuable than normalfags. Romantic/sexual approval doesn't necessarily imply a good character or a valuable contribution to the world.
What do you mean inspire normalfags?
You responding to me in your threads leads to less derailment? What posters am I trying to hurt?
You said to me directly I am genetically inferior to you.
Inferiority or superiority presupposes a goal in mind, and in this case, it'd be sexual/romantic success. I don't know if your genes are the problem or not. I don't know if you're genetically superior or inferior. Environment plays a very large role, of course, as well.
Serial killers and violent criminals have more inherent worth than me
His own girlfriend said in that "math conflict" thread that he's stubborn. It would really be for the best for Tranny-kun to see this as an issue that needs addressing if even his own demure 1950s housewife girlfriend says that he can be a pain.
Doesn't that imply that romantic/sexual success doesn't tie to inherent worth? Given human garbage can still find love but plenty of moral good people can't.
Morality does not exist. Normalfags like you are demons sent to torture me.
I am stubborn. I'm not flawless, though it might seem that way.
Morality and "inherent worth" are both mental constructs, in my view. What do you mean demon?
you two are just two normalfags who started dating each other through here, right? that's what i mean. sorry im esl. as a robot i just dont feel inspired by seeing two normies getting together. idk
Fuck it, you're hopeless. Enjoy being a shitty person, faggot.
because if i don't respond, everyone else will, and i won't be involved in the discussion at all anymore.
i used to but i stopped a while ago. why, do you?
it doesn't surprise me. honestly retard san seems like a much nicer person than her bf. at least she mostly sticks to her own threads. but at the same time all her threads are made solely to make robots feel more lonely and sad, so idk if its really any better
i see what you mean. what about just befriending only other non normalfags? althought its probably hard with all the wolfs in sheeps clothing around here
The metaphorical term, you are all primarily concerned with torturing me or others. I genuinely wish you the worst.
I have never met a non normalfag by my metric. I also do not have or want friends and never have.
what would make you feel better then? i thought you wanted to be loved
even online?
I have a friend who posts there, so I have a surface level of interest in that general.
Some fauxbots should be inspired.
What am I supposed to do to change? I'm not just going to say you're right without an argument, and being stubborn doesn't mean narcissism.
That is a tragedy. Why can't you just farm attention off discord e-boys/simps?
Well I hope you find your ideal partner.
ah i see. yeah i never was really a recognizable person in there, my posts never really were responded to, i probably dont know them
i dont have any simps or eboys. i only really talk to people if im streaming or playing vidya with them. why dont you go hang out with your gf instead of spending all day on here being a bully?
I have been loved before it means nothing. I have always wanted to find someone or something I could love and been jealous of those that could love. 
Yes, everyone has or wants friends.
Your twitch viewers are simps, and I'm asking since you're complaining about being hated when you could snap up a bunch of guys to lick your feet whenever.
No you dont you just want to feel morally superior. You are a sociopath
oh, so you're the one unable to love. that sucks, im sorry to hear it. i hope that one day you can, there is still time
how are my twitch viewers simps? they're just people who are bored who want to watch a video game they enjoy. are the viewers of male twitch streamers also simps?
by the way, how can seeing your gf brag about having a bf be inspiring? getting a partner, especially a gf from this board is very hard for most people. you guys got lucky, there is no real hard work involved in just happening to find someone you like and click with. if a real robot saw these posts, decided to work hard and inspire to be like you, odds are he wont find a gf here
no there isnt. My ideal person is not real.
I don't know either, it just makes me feel sad. Lol. I hate this dumb couple >:( go kill yourself transerkun and mermaidgirl
You are a normalfag who is oversocialized and simps for cis women. You are worse than any farm animal.
OK. Your feedback is appreciated.
Who the fuck is mio
No but seriously go back to twitter or reddit
by work hard i mean stuff like getting fit, getting a good paying job, etc. it doesn't increase the odds of getting a gf from here. especially not one who is similar to you, maybe could help get a turbonormie gf
what is your ideal person like?
i thoght you liked them though? why the change up. unless this is a larp or sarcasm
An ironic joke or sarcasm I guess.
They are simps, as well, but in a less overtly pathetic way. Both want to vy for the streamer's attention in most cases if they're chatting.
You don't have to find a true fembot gf to get a wholesome pure inspiring relationship.
Chill.
Absolutely false lol. Why would women here not care about having a high income?
i dont think that poster is bad? why do you dislike him? he is usually nice to everyone 
although i see that im defending him here when he would probably never do the same for me, hm is it wrong that i was upset about that
nope. You never chilled harassing me.
He ignored me before. Also he is a normalfag.
They are not human I guess because they are genuinely kind gentle and understanding
those are just normies, i thought you hated those. why inspire them?
Should I defend people more often? I usually just let people be because I don't like getting into conflict. Very conflict-avoidant and wimpy, unfortunately. I notice and appreciate your defenses for me, though!
I met someone like this once.
No you havent you lack the emotional capacity to recognize it to the degree I am talking of and to you a huge amount of people would be like that because it is relative and you are sociopathic
its strange how you use words that dont make sense to the situation. a slut is a person who sleeps around. a simp is someone who gives money and gifts and loves someone for little to no attention in return. im not a slut and i dont have simps. people are bored and put on someone who plays a game they like, maybe they chat to have a convo about a character/etc that the streamer is using. there are such things as gray areas, i dont see why you can't understand that
oh i see. well what do you find inspiring about these posts then? you dont think it seems like bragging?
Wait I would be a better friend if I stood up for people here wouldn't I?
Really? I need to know more
You realize the brown anime girl poster is a self-admitted attention whore, she's a slut, and she's a normalfag in like 500 different ways in your view?
I don't hate normalfags. I hate normalfags pretending to be robots, though, but finding a wholesome loving relationship makes the world better.
A slut is a casual sex haver. And a simp doesn't have to give money. Maybe they're more akin to lower-tier orbiters.
It does. You should see some of the replies I posted to their threads in the past, lol. I just like the couple. But I do hate how they keep bragging about it :/
I disagree, but I don't really want to go into detail about that person I met. Not here, at least.
I'm too lazy to link the thread where I will eventually talk about her if I had the time... maybe later, anon, if that thread is still up by the time I get home.
is this not what you meant by fauxbots? if it isnt then i dont know what else fauxbots could be
they havent directly ignored or harassed me, though. They are female so they are automatically a normalfag though yes. 
You dont even know the depth of what I am talking about so your words mean nothing
Word salad and using words that don't make sense in the given context are a common NPD trait. Just a coincidence, I'm sure. :)
True. Greentext me your story, anon.
Watch and read Kengan Ashura.
I do hate fauxbots, yes, but I also want to inspire them.
Word salad
Examples: none
I.e. disagreeing with me how a word is used.
heh this is kinda a funny thread to be non confrontational in. it seems like a thread made to instigate arguments and to get a chance to talk down to/hurt others. but i get it, in irl i probably would be scared to have convos like these. and i guess we aren't close friends to the point where you should be upset by others saying mean things to me, i wouldnt expect that. but you seem like a nice person so i didnt want that anon to hate you for no reason
yeah, honestly its pretty impossible to find someone like that these days. i dont think id find someone who reached those standards either
call me whatever, but you're just ignoring the real definitions of words. 
kek
youre right
As if I could express it to any degree just through words. so shallow.
Words' meanings obviously change based on culture/subculture. A slut to a christian in the 1950s isn't just someone who sluts out all the time. A slut to a purity-obsessed place like /r9k/ will be stricter than it would be to redditors.
I mean mostly I want someone similar to me who doesnt have or want friends but nobody is even like that
Anon, I don't know what the point of me comparing with you is if you won't give me anything to work with. Agree to disagree, then.
I really appreciate that, Iris. Thank you. Have a cuddle shark.
I really really really love my boyfriend and I want to be with him every day
I want to be loved more than a serial killer but that will alas never happen
You should attach an anime girl to your posts and keep doing it until someone thinks you're cute and falls in love, I think that works
Then why hasn't it worked for me? :(
it doesn't mean that a certain definition is more correct than others, though. and regardless of what you believe, what is the point of calling someone a slut over and over? why do you want to rally people to try and make them hate me? simply because when i was younger and more mentally ill i decided that i wanted to try it once to know what it felt like before dying? meanwhile youre assfucking your gf and having diaper fetishes, while claiming not to be a degenerate? look ill agree im a slut (to you, and anyone else who says so),sure im a normie because i have friends on the internet and could possibly get a bf on the internet in the future. honestly im not sure what you even want from me. just to call me names and turn people against me i guess. 
that was me a few years ago. but honestly i discovered that its more fun having friends who i'm not super close with, much more than just trusting and being close one person who most likely doesn't care about me, is using me, or will eventually turn on me and try to ruin my life
You are looking for cis women.
If I become a serial killer will someone love me? just kidding I am too cowardly
Sounds like you just conceded what you really wanted. Anyways you are a woman you were always a normalfag
It's over isn't it ;-;
You'll get yours eventually
I dont think killing people will get you a gf, not is it a good thing to do...
thanks for the cuddle shark :) hugs for you
what is the point of calling someone a slut over and over?
It makes simps angry, and I'd prefer if every simp stopped being one.
I don't think I ever did this, and I don't care if you think I'm a degenerate lol. The diaper stuff is just a meme, though :^)
You're my cuddly forever!!! &lt;3
For you I hope so. For me it has long since been over, I am looking for something radically different though.
Its kinda true there aren't a lot of cis women on 4chan and a lot of the ones that are here have a lot of problems...
:( Rude
My hopium keeps me going!! One day, I will find a fembot gf to love, cherish, kiss and cuddle!
I prefer this mio.
You keep spreading the diaper stuff everywhere and now everyone thinks I actually wear diapers
Well guess what
Ur a footfag (and its actually true! He loves my foot in his face!)
sure, im a normalfag. it seems to make people very angry if i claim any different, so whatever, ill take it. 
and well, i just took the safer choice really. i understand that youre want what you want. i guess since im a girl i could find guys online to talk to and attempt that with more easily. but after all the failure i found that this is the more comfy and happy choice for me. i wish i could go back to being patient and loving enough for that, but its all risk no reward in my case
She is not Mio, she is Waspgirl.
Also by "few years ago" she means like in high school or otherwise was 16 and she's slutted out by 18.
You can enjoy cute feet without being a foot fag.
Superior to mio.
Does it smell like poop when you and your bf have sex?
She is pretty hot, yeah. Mio is so cute though!
I dont want a gf, I want something very different.
I mean it is not me insulting you, just categorically as a woman you are one
well, id prefer if simps stopped being one too. nobody should obsess over and love someone if the person doesnt care about them. but you dont need to take it out on me. calling me a slut over and over wont make simps stop existing. i dont even have simps anyways, not once has someone itt been on my side at all.
kek
well if thats what i get for wanting to defend and be on your side cutanon, so be it. i thought we had both been attacked and harassed by this anon, and were tired of being treated badly. but go on and join the couple in hating me for my one past mistake. sorry im not the perfect pure r9k gf for you or anyone
Awww you want to be loved as a woman, I'm sure if you keep posting cute pics you'll get a guy with broken bird syndrome who wants to heal u
I am not hating you for any decisions you made, I dont think I hate women I just dont interact with them generally. Its not really your fault. 
not what I meant. tranny moment
if you say so, label me what you want and it will be true for you. everyone is entitled to their opinion.
I thought u were trans so that's what I assumed. My bad then. 
I hope you get a bf who loves you dough
I prefer qts with a good personality attached.
Lmfao this isn't your thread, so of course. You obviously have simps. You might call them your friends who defend you and call you cute when you don't know their names of or they're just your fans or something, but that's what I mean by "simp".
What does the manga panel mean then?
its alright
i wont keep trying to be friends with you or relate to you, i dont mind
not in a sarcastic way, i understand why you see me the way you do and its fair enough
We cannot really relate to each other just different worlds. 
I am not. 
Thats just a random manga panel I picked
of course i dont know the names of people who post anonymously on an anonymous imageboard. i usually can recognize certain typing styles/image postings though. and all the people who show up to my twitch (which is like 5 people) i know their names and we're friends
Uhhh personality...?
oh you're gay? well being a person who likes men doesn't put you too far away from my position... but sure understandable. i guess i seemed pathetic defending you and agreeing with you earlier when i guess you wouldn't see me as an equal or friend anyways
If that was the extent of it, then maybe they're just orbiters who put you on a pedestal when you'd never touch them with a 100 meter pole or something like that. But I'd imagine there's a few who don't follow your twitch who are posting about anally masturbating to your twitch stream or something.
Yes, beyond having a big gun/mecha and the serious stare, like a loveable sweetheart like pic rel.
I am not sure, I dislike cis women though.
You arent pathetic in my eyes, I dont have a value system to evaluate others, I never have had or wanted a friend so no you would never be my friend. I dont look at you negatively though outside of categorically as a normalfag
oh wow, someone masturbates me for free, because they have some weird or specific fetish. they are totally an orbiter even if they have never once spoken to me or given me anything at all. im so thankful that i can have people masturbate to me, especially when they are hypothetical
i see. well have a nice day then. ill stop bothering you with my cis female presence
There are many depraved cultist followers, even though that was just a hypothetical example. I don't think you should be thankful for the depraved ones, but the fact is that you can get endless validation at a moment's notice due to these simps and they do actually exist lol.
I am the cut anon but genuinely as a cis female you can have orbiters at will or. boyfriend at will if you put in effort. If you really want help with that I could give you advice.
My bf is still the cutest and sweetest person in the world
I miss feeling his warm body, I want to snuggle up next to him, and see his loving smile. He has a beautiful smile and his eyes are so sweet and full of love. I love making him happy.
where are these dpraved cultist followers! i wish that was true, if some people were so obsessed with me id be flattered. however when post, i usually get barely any replies outside of calling me a nigger and 1 actual kind genuine person. unless its a baitpost
god this LARP is retarded and I don't understand what the end goal is. One of those many fucking retarded ass long term LARPs you will do and then forget about because it does nothing.
She knows she can pitifully easily get a bf lol.
You're the sweetest!!! I miss ur cuddles
Read the archives lol. There are many depraved simps. You could just make a thread asking "does anyone else masturbate to iris's twitch/pics?"
Doubt.
Many months of LARPing and getting both our hands involved. Tsk tsk, when will it end?
i dont want orbiters or simps. i think that they should not exist, and have real gfs or friends. as for a bf that's not my priority either. i like having my personal space and free time. i am pretty happy with my current situation, i only really need friends to play vidya with and have light and funny convos with. although i do miss the people i used to talk to regularly on threads here. maybe one day i will try for a bf but i feel like i would eventually get annoyed being constantly around someone
If you are happy currently yes you cannot relate to me in any meaningful capacity
Reminder that Tranny-kun used to have a thing for Iris before getting with Retard-san and began hating Iris (because she and her threads would get more attention than him or retard-san)
you should open up a gofundme to fund your relationship i would give $2000
Holy schizophrenic.
Why? Lol.
And here's the denial everyone, like clockwork!
lol why would you give me $2000? What do you mean find our relationship what would that money even go towards
okay:)
of course there are bad days but if i could just have my room, my pc, and to stream thats all i want to be comfy and happy. maybe occasional alcohol or weed or something too. close relationships are just not worth
Do you have any evidence, dough?
Loneliest woman of all time. You're like the polar opposite of that guy lol.
if he eventually gets into a relationship, he'll come to the same conclusion. last person i tried to be close with came on here and spread rumours and lies about me. the other one dropped me for a 15 yo. people are not good unless the time you spend with them is only casual, like playing vidya together. i used to be lonely, back when i thought that trying to find one person to be my only person forever was a viable option. but eventually youll all realize the truth
Yes an 18 yo high school dropout who admittedly has never felt actual love has it figured out that all relationships are bad, actually.
I have been in a relationship before for 8.5 years, I did not come to the same conclusion.
2w4s8
lol im not a highschool drop out, ??. i graduated. and i doubt youve felt actual love either. ive been fooled into thinking i did but at the end of the day it was not. many people who think they're currently in love are just lying to themselves. but people can believe whatever they want, im not trying to convince anyone to follow my beliefs. im just saying how things are the way i see it. and that ive found im much happier now than when i was actively trying to find a bf or best friend
She's actually a qt girl, dough.
Oh.
Also what does "actual love" imply and how do you know you didn't really feel it?
so you call me a normie, and say that you are not a normie? but you've had an irl partner for 8 years, meanwhile i have never been on a irl date. i dated people online and that was all. im not calling you a normie, but jeez. im a normie because potentially i could get simps if i abandoned my morals and scammed men, used them for money. and i could potentially get a bf, even though most likely we wont have true love or connection. well, whatever you say, label me as you please
It was online only. And most of it was just me emotionally abusing her until she became an entirely different person basically
you emotionally abused her?
and to think i sympathized with you. i guess i spoke too soon in those past threads where i defended you. eh i saw we both were cutters and been bullied by ops bf and felt like someone gets it. maybe i just should stop defending others altogether, i don't know why i feel the need to so often on here, especially people who dont care about or even like me
not on purpose. She hurt me a lot too at any rate. I really dont regret it though I dont care all that much.
*ahem*
YWNBAW
Thank you for your time.
i dont know how you can have that happen for 8 years. i guess if i have one thing thats good about me is i can usually cut people loose if things get too bad. and how did you not meet up in all those 8 years?
this sounds real edgy btw. something to think about, I highly doubt someone you were close with decided to post "rumours" about you unprovoked. You must have done something to provoke them but youre playing victim here.
Iris makes another thread about herself
They lived in a country that could not immigrate easily. I am glad they didnt though I wouldve strangled her.
yes, just like gatekeeper anon makes my threads about himself :)
i wouldnt do it to someone who didnt do it to me first, constantly. if my threads have to be ruined by him, its only fair i do it back. i really wanted a comfy and friendly night, but i guess that doesn't happen here anymore
His name is Tranny-kun and yes he is a nuisance
i guess we really are very different then
the reason for it was me not giving him enough attention.
She's a cute girl, dough.
gatekeeper anon makes my threads about himself
I wish I had the power to do that lol.
Lmao. Who even types like this?
Sadly off a bit.
why wish? you did a great job at it in the last thread. and literal any thread ive made in the past 4 months
lol
How did you find that? lmao
Thanks, but I don't think I did that good of a job. Also, I always welcome haters to these threads.
I may have Dysgraphia and a lot of mental illness but one thing I'm not is retarted :3
Stop the copium Tranny-kun
You are gay
And that's okay
It's better to just say it outright
Holy samefagerinos
You know who you are
Oh. I was making fun of the simps in that thread, dough.
I'm bisexual, dough, but she's a cute girl.
Nothing wrong with how that anon typed that
Sneed, feed and seethe Tranny-kun
Girls aren't born with a penis, retard.
Yes we know you like guys
Correct
"His name is &lt;thing that's obviously not his name>"
Lol the nickname is just retarded.
Some girls have pp, dough.
Yes they can idiot 
The science is settled. We are in a normal straight relationship
Retarded is what your boyfriend is, Tranny-kun. You are known as Tranny-kun and that is final.
SILENCE RETARD-SAN, TRANNY-KUN COME WRANGLE YOUR TARD AWAY FROM THE PUBLIC
Experts have confirmed she is, indeed, a cute girl. I trust them over random cyberchuds.
Only really way i can prove the simpness is dms also this anti my game. To much work for the goal post moving. You just want to troll :3
She looks like a twink(hon) to me(only one pic to go off). Tho she has cuteness over me
Are you trying to embarrass me or something? Lol. Also why do you think you know what she looks like?
Saw a random thread on good old tttt. Some guy i know laying with some twinkhon who looks a bit like dr.peepee girl. Just got me thinking
I genuinely have no clue what you're talking about. We never took any pic like that. Link the thread or mention a keyword in it and I can find it.
I also don't know what "dr.peepee girl" means lol.
Except they haven't, Tranny-kun. Men are born with a penis and women are born with a vagina. Women produce estrogen naturally, they don't need an external method to have it. But I wouldn't expect a low IQ neanderthal such as yourself to ever understand. No point in trying to explain it to you any further really, consider this conversation over.
Oh and go change your boyfriends diaper. As his tard wrangler you should consider potty training him.
https://archiveofsins.com/lgbt/thread/30124533
She is a pottytrained girl, don't worry. The diapers are just for show. &lt;3
Lol that's not quite either of us. She has brown hair and my hair is dark brown and is medium length.
hey i know you, right? we talked before
Lmfao
God these two are retarded. 
Watch him post some bullshit and add "lol" at the end.
Fucking constant anime avatarfagging retard.
If you say. Your face looks pretty much the same.
Hai hai haqua desu
okay I am no longer jealous in any capacity, what the fuck.
haha yes, and the "not quite"
i believe its him
hellos hope you're having a good day
Well I'd rather you believe fake stuff over anything real lol. Let's see how far this fake rumor goes.
Tranny-kun is balding and looks constipated 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Tranny-kun is literally tranny adjacent. His mannerisms are so feminine. Just an attention-seeker through and through, its kind of sad. This whole thread is the deep end of the autism pool. Never take the dude seriously, just abandon the thread once he starts posting.
idk I know a mtf who wants to kill themselves because of how they look and they look infinitely better than his gf lmao
Could be better.
I know the guy pretty much looks like you and anything "off" could just be angle and light and 1 year of different. Just a lot of what you said about Makise Kurisue and i can see where in that pic she does look like that. Hair stuff could be hidden by bed. 
I know what your bf looks like and it's very close
can you post the pic in better resolution my phone wont load the thread that well
HAHAHAHAHA LOOK AT THESE BOZOS PFFFFT HAHAAHHAHA CUTE GIRL MY ASS, BALDY
You "know what he looks like" yet post someone who's similarity with him is only being white... he's not redheaded and he has longish hair. Also that guy looks like a babyfaced kid by bf looks a lot more developed LOL
god bless you anon. 
AWW NAH
You can make it a rumor but just know you're going after a couple that doesn't even know you exist and did nothing to deserve ridicule.
kek holy fuck. this is what happens when you let your delusions and ego get the better of you
the sheer change in how they post is enough to convince me it is real
ywnbaw, troon 
origonal
I guess every guy who gets a rape accusation is instantly guilty then
This is what they were both bragging about? Lol.
Want me to post the pic I know of him? I don't have 100 pics. They look very close to the same at worse. If It's not true I will take everything back. 
You said to post it? Why are you mad?
That is not the same and you know it. If thats not you then prove it isnt
Post it anon let the jury decide
its kinda funny to see you in the exact situation you put me in desu. it doesn't feel good to be harassed and have rumours spread about you does it. i hope they post the real pics
hes a sociopath who harasses people constantly, post it.
this same anon was going on and on about proof earlier when it came to spreading lies about me, i wonder if they will post proof now that they're in a similar predicament, hmm
they are npd they have no actual values or standards that is just a stick they were using to hit you with.
I'm not gonna post more lol. The jury has decide before the post anyways. I didn't expect him to say yes. He knows I can make a good shit show. Even have a meme about it
why are there two anime avatarfags?
I mean then you are not proving it is him
She's a cute girl, dough.
Thanks for not actually doxxing me.
My gf can just post a snip of her hair to show it's not black.
uuuuh who is retard kun and who is tranny san?
Why would I doxx you without you asking me to do it. I will anytime you ask tho
aw
what a letdown
My hair is literally over twice as long, dough. And plus it goes against me being a boymoder...
It's not her, dough.
That's not us.
I don't think you would have anyway. Lol.
She could do a zoom-in of her eye as well.
Neither.
I don't want to ever be doxx'd.
Not me. I'm using a trip now so I don't get doxx'd lol.
i kindly ask you to dox them for being obnoxious intrusive normalfags shitting up this board with their bragging
My bf told me to confirm to you that the trip is him
My girlfriend has a penis and I regularly have to change her diaper.
I think I will do my best to hurt others going forward. All the people that hurt me seem to be happy and have people.
