How do we stop gay agenda Reddit ?
Being a straight guy supporting a family is pretty expensive and a lot of women believe all men are abusive rapists. Maybe fix that.
Bisexuality atleast has been significantly popular in sedentary non barbarian societies like of Greece and Near East. Pure homosexuality is the rare one and is specifically genetic. Zoomers are just expressing their sexuality like people of olden days did.Shapiro won't like it because his Semitic cult was a pioneer in controlling the sexuality of other people.
The majority of the population is probably bisexual to some degree, though obviously most people lean more heavily toward one sex over the other. Shapiro and the like are just in denial of this (probably because of repressed homoerotic desires themselves) so they resort to calling it a contagion.
They're not gay. They're misogynistic and misandrist bisexuals.
Christcucks are so fucking annoying I'm so tired of hearing this guy and the other right-wing ecelebs shit all the time against my will.
Ancient Greeks hated faggots.
They hated how much they loved doing each other.
Thats why we have Greek gods carrying away boys they found pretty,all other pottery with gay shit on it and all those stories around men of renown like Socrates having male admirers. I would give you that people in "Barbarian" societies like Germanics hated homosexuality but thats not true for civilizations on antiquity.
Ancient is gay
Haha faggot
Boomer is gay
Haha faggot
Gen X is gay
Haha faggot
Millennial is gay
Eh whatever
Zoomer is gay
Congrats on coming out bro
Geeeeeeeee I wonder why these numbers are climbing. A fair bit of it is clout and pick me's going "teeheee I'm not like other girls, we might have a FFM threesome someday (probably not but keep thinking it sucker)".
Actually scratch that, replace the first two hahas with "you're going to prison + chemical castration and your family disowns you"
Reminds me of that old Doug Stanhope joke about how trannies look good now so you don't have to pretend you got tricked anymore.
It's pretty impressive that the usual grifters have convinced so many people that any of this shit is actually a big deal that won't just die on its own with time. I can't wait until people are in cricket bread lines, getting shot up with that week's booster, hoping that they've earned enough Freedom Points to watch their pre-approved, sanitized Hollywood trash before they pass out from malnutrition and unintended vax interactions in their cuckshed that they share with nine other citizens.
Call me a luddite but if you think that complete automation and genetic editing would not give the elites the incentive to nuke most of humanity then you are joking.
Shapiro won't like it because his Semitic cult was a pioneer in controlling the sexuality of other people
basetto
zoomers just don't give a fuck
if she's hot but she's got a dick, who gives a fuck? "oHhH thAt'S GaY!!!1!!!11" fuck off boomer probably so old your dick don't even work
By being straight, and fucking cookies.
utopia 25 + prison gay phenomenon already exposed the faggots
Why cant we just stick with the millennial attitude?
shapiro acting like he doesn't love profiting of creating division between people like the jew he is
disgusting
Associating faggotry with HIV/AIDS and monkeypox. 
We aren't filthy pagans anymore.
Stopping monkeypox is more important.
Boomers will have the last laugh when they don't contract monkeypox.
