I don't see a way out other than being castrated. There's no better way for me to spend my money that immediately leads to good brain feelings. I can't tell family/friends about this. Every female friend I confide in ultimately just ends up wanting to sell me nudes, and every male friend just kinda laughs it off, either with me or at me.
Damn you seriously cant just jack off as soon as you feel horny? Dont do nofap shit because that will just make you more insane, but I dont see how you cant just nip it in the bud if you dont edge like a degenerate
Take ssris. Safest way to remove your sex drive. Just be warned if you ever get in a normal relationship you can suffer life long sexual dysfunction from taking them.
i'm going to leave out the part where you're a pathetic loser, you clearly understand that about yourself
but is your therapist licensed somehow? is there some type of accreditation she has? you should absolutely report her and get her disbarred/fired for that
if she's just some woman then i guess you're out of luck
maybe try a different therapist?
I have tried the strategy of jacking off immediately to save money. It does work, it's the most effective thing. But then I just jerk off compulsively a ton of times all day every day and no matter what, it always comes back. It's never enough. It's like how the fatties say being addicted to food is shitty because you WILL get hungry and you DO have to eat. I can't turn this off. 
That's actually a pretty good idea. I'll never get into a normal relationship. Years of being this way has permanently warped my mind. I see women basically as just a purchaseable commodity, I don't think my brain can understand the concept of a woman liking me without using me for money anymore, unless she is a literal family member, that's the only thing I know that removes the ever present sexual element. My female cousin is one of my best friends in the world and God bless her I could never ever tell her about this or she would never look at me the same. I just don't want to be disappointment. It's preventing me from moving forward with my adult life because all my excess spending money goes towards bitches. (I am an escortcel, unless I am "using" my drug of choice, I am an incel basically). 
There is too much blackmail going in both directions for me to ever consider doing anything to damage her or her career. She is taking advantage of me, but at the same time she is feeding my addiction obviously and I'm so thankful for that. I just busted the fattest fucking nut in her office while watching a video her and Chad made for me.
It's sick though. I wanted to get better and she knew that and knows the details of it too. I can't blame her. She is using me because I use women the way I do. It's probably very easy to justify doing this to me. Which makes it very easy for me to justify being blackpilled and viewing women the way I do. I've seen and heard so many fucking disgusting things from women.
Good lord this sounds like an awful cycle. I would say at this point try talking with a pastor of a church. I mean shit it can't be worse than the therapist.
its going to be difficult but you have to choose to get better yourself anon, no one else will do it for you. sounds ironic but avoid sites like 4chan cause they won't help. you have to find a moment of post nut clarity and immediately cut off your therapist if you can't find it in you to report her. take some meds that lower your sex drive and try to find habits that you can replace jacking off with like working out, walking, anything at all even dancing. do something distracting that will keep your mind off it. the beginning is so so hard but its worth it trust me
Shit that's hilarious man. Dark but fucking hilarious.
Ditch this therapist and get a proper one.
I feel like a male therapist may be the better option if you can find a way to leave your current therapist.
Side note, can you send me some money? mercuryredox0#7968
