What to do if you have lots of money and also a lot of free time, except buying drugs
I like to solo backpack when I have the free time and money but if I had a lot more I would love to buy a sail boat someday and learn how to fish.
I don't think I would enjoy camping and such if that is what you mean...
Sailing is very comfy, but you could probably just hire one over the summer if you would want to try it
I was just looking at a primitive looking robot with anime girl face and the issue of desire came into my mind and she just a wants a crayon, Japanese people are so sophisticated but that's also madness too, talking to objects but it's a lesson in being human and then it's like an operating system called madness, people do talk to plants, but even that can be broken...
idk I do not really have desires like this
Which drugs do you buy and why do you like them
You don't have to camp you can just walk between Inns or hostels.
buy comfy vanlife and travel around socializing with people who share the same sport/hobby as me
i did this with very little money and made lots of friends over the year. i pretty much have a friend or three in most major cities across the states.
I've done cocaine and ecstasy in parties. 
When I'm at home it's mostly marijauna and shrooms to chill
parties
Ohohoho
Ohh okay normalfag scum.
you gotta reign in that drug habit or else it will destroy you. you can work down from an addiction to a functional addict, and maybe eventually sober. the idea is to help your body and brain repair from the cocktail of drugs you've been feeding it. once you clear up, you can go back to maybe smoking some weed every once in a while. but all that other stuff, molly, coke, etc. will ruin your life.
Invest in some textbooks(for molecular bio, anatomy and medicine), get a lab built and set up and start fucking with all sorts of things. I have tons of ideas for genetic engineering projects, as well as things I'd want to do towards helping others out.
but what if I actually wanted to destroy my life tho?
that's up to you bro. I know cause I was there, clean now. doesn't hurt to try sometime.
you gotta reign in that drug habit or else it will destroy you
alcohol will destroy you, marijuana will just demotive/pacify you, which isnt an issue since the dude doesnt have to provide for any kids or parents or anything
i dont know the level of dudes mushroom intake, but ive known people who went overboard with mushrooms taking them for days, weeks, months in a row and theyre all pretty fucking weird and dumb
