By 'hardcore gender roles' I mean stuff like:
Men work outside the house, women don't
Chivalry expected of men, 'etiquette classes' for women
Manual labor for 90% of men, constant pregnancy for women
Extreme honor culture &amp; duelling between men; death over disputes common
Women who refuse to uphold proper ballerina-like posturing vulnerable to getting witch trialed
Would you like for this stuff to make a comeback?
No, and I banish anyone who wants it to one year in their fantasy world. They'd change their vote.
I JUST WANT TO BE A FUCKING HUNTER GATHERER FUCK
No, and I banish anyone who wants it to one year in their fantasy world. They'd change their vote.
Yeah these roles suck for both sexes
I JUST WANT TO BE A FUCKING HUNTER GATHERER FUCK
So you're into "extremely" traditional gender roles then? Men hunt, women stay near the hut and weave?
the society has really gone downhill ever since the invention of car airbags
i wish we could return but without the communism/socialism shit that used to be normal in the balkans
I don't think many modern people take kindly to being told what to do this way. Who is enforcing these rules, for example? 
Sitting on the couch playing vidya, an incredibly popular pastime would virtually be a forbidden activity as it doesn't clearly fall under a gender role.
Better than what we have now at least
How is going to work in the mines an appropriate payment for a gf without a tattoo. Get outta here blacklung.
Imagine being this historically illiterate.
I take blacklung over insta-whores anyday
That is the point of view of someone who hasn't been broken by hard labor yet.
Men work outside the house, women don't
sure
Chivalry expected of men, 'etiquette classes' for women
etiquette classes sounds gay and retarded
Manual labor for 90% of men, constant pregnancy for women
constant pregnancy sounds like too much, maybe a few months in between? 
Extreme honor culture &amp; duelling between men; death over disputes common
..excessive 
Women who refuse to uphold proper ballerina-like posturing vulnerable to getting witch trialed
also excessive
Sounds like something a soi-fat redditiot is scared of
I want biblical gender roles and marriage to return.
Yeah, I do. For my own selfish reasons. Since I don't fuck with women or want a family, if women were removed from the workforce, my salary would theoretically double and I could live the boomer meme life. You know, boats, motorcycles, cars, summer homes and shit like that.
only if i can be the boywife to another man
etiquette classes sounds gay and retarded
Well it's part of traditional gender roles. Do you want them, on the whole?
Men still have to abide by their traditional gender roles. Things like being upright and following the law (instead of raping), being kind and stoic at the same time, strong powerful intelligent hard working etc or you're labelled "incel". And so on. Feminism is just "gender roles for men, none for women".
Feminism is just "gender roles for men, none for women".
Men are the ones who enforce gender roles on other men. Like crabs in a bucket. Men have set up these norms, and men will come for you if you break them.
Men still have to abide by their traditional gender roles.
To the same extent as back in the day? When was the last time someone gave you a "walk on the car side of the road when you're with a woman" lecture?
No. Because i am an artist and i dot want tonbe beaten by some fishmonger because he doesnt like my hat
Men are the ones who enforce gender roles on other men
Bullshit. 
Females are far quicker to mock and berate any guy who is acting in ways they do not approve of, both in person and in "muh ick" vids so the shaming gets more traction.
