i have a low six figure salary and i can't afford to move out so i'm living under my parents roof at nearly 30
piss off
so why does it matter if he cant even move out you indian dirt fuck
because he clearly could, He's just a city slicker faggot
Kys
Checked dem digits
there's a huge difference between someone making 100k and 900k
that's where all the jobs are
if i dump my entire paycheck into rent or find roommates i could but what's the point then
What city do you live in???
Can't imagine how you would spend more than 30k a year on apartments
san fran tech worker
that might get you the basement of a house an hour away
You've had 10 years to save up at this point, you should be well into 7 figures by now and have enough to rent an apartment or put a down payment on a house. Try not spending your money on useless garbage. I know it's tempting but if you put your money into a separate savings account that's with a different bank rather than the one you do checking with you might be able to resist the temptation. You should put away 50 - 80% of your income since you're still living at home, unless you're paying for rent, utilities or food in which case you could still at least put 50% away. I know this is really hard to do, I'm still trying to get there myself but I think it's possible to at least put away a significant amount of money into your savings.
Do you live in a big city or something? You could look for apartments in a smaller city outside of the one you're in or you could put a down payment on a house which would be a better investment. It would take a long time to pay off the house but you could live in it right away and while you're living at home you could apply for jobs that pay more money since by now you probably have many years of experience. Apply to be a manager or supervisor somewhere, have you seen the kind of people that get hired for these positions? The bar isn't that high. Just don't apply to be the manager of a fast food restaurant, there was a guy in my town who killed himself because all he had was that job and he hated it. Use it as a stepping stone, you don't have to stay in any job forever. If you stay in a job you don't like for more than a couple years you're doing it wrong. Only use bullshit jobs to extract money from retarded companies.
