I wish a world war would break out immediately so all moids start killing each other. I want to see total moid death.
I want to breed you, so I guess neither of us are getting what we want
Nah, you just want entire invading armies to ravage your nasty gash.
I do too. Am moid, but won't get drafted cuz retard.
Meanwhile, moids: >>73098859 →
For me, it's global economic collapse.
I want a woman to rely on me as the provider.
Project 100,000, also known as McNamara's 100,000, McNamara's Folly, McNamara's Morons, and McNamara's Misfits,[1][2] was a controversial 1960s program by the United States Department of Defense (DoD) to recruit soldiers who would previously have been below military mental or medical standards. Project 100,000 was initiated by Defense Secretary Robert McNamara in October 1966 to meet the escalating manpower requirements of the American government's involvement in the Vietnam War.
I saw a movie once about an all female utopia where there was technology that allowed us to reproduce without moids. That's the kind of world I want.
You dont even need sperm desu. Women have all the cells needed for creating a fetus within their own bodies.
[1] Gregory, Hamilton (April 29, 2016). McNamara's Folly: The Use of Low-IQ Troops in the Vietnam War. YouTube. Retrieved September 25, 2019.
[2] Davis, Matt (November 14, 2018). "Project 100,000: The Vietnam War's cruel experiment on American soldiers". BigThink. Retrieved September 25, 2019.
ftfy (footnoted that for you)
Lmao. T-thanks.
STOP GIVING ME AN ERECTION
That's the kind of world I want
But is it really?
Yes no question about it. Moids are animals. So primitive and ape like, if it were legal they would constantly be raping women and murdering each other.
Who would work though?
Nice bait or whatever but but it would mostly be beta males and simp cucks who will die in the war while psychopathic Chads run the show. The men left after such a brutal war would be a different breed and would go Conquistadors on the majority female population which would just submit like everytime women have did in history. Current generation of males in the Western world and overall might be the most women friendly of all times.
They are only like that because for hundreds of thousands of years women were breeding with that type of man exclusively. Personally, I think a Gayniggers from outer Space scenario would be far more beneficial for humanity at large
Women. Like we already do? Most women have careers and have to do majority of house work and childcare because their moid is too lazy.
I mean actual work. Like when you do shit. Who's gonna do that?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V12vK3mkU8Y [Embed]
Women. The strength disparity between the average woman and average man isnt as large as you think it is.
Podcast hosted by hood sigma males
Not watching
thinks her meme email sending job id actual work
Lmao keep coping roastie. Enjoy the collapse
You will never be a women but
Women. The strength disparity between the average woman and average man isnt as large as you think it is. 
I have lived in third world shitholes and women do participate in masonry and construction labour at good rates alongside their husbands but they are never expected to do same hours and the dangerous work involving heights and heavy loads. Even literal child labour is expected to be more resilient than them.Women are also very shit at establishing authorities or being "alpha" so it's always bickering and inefficiency in women only workspaces.
Who does the real work that keeps a functioning society running. We even have a term a "mans job" Which means those necessary "nasty" jobs that no one wants to do. Sure women work, but most those jobs are completely useless. Jobs that have been made up just so we can increase the workforce. The only real work women do is childcare, cleaning, nursing and serving people. Most jobs you do are completely useless. You have ruined the labour market by demanding to be a part of it. Now almost half the money goes to your useless professions. You are so entitled you can't even appreciate all the luxuries men have given to you. Your education was given to you by a man. The phone/computer you are using to type this dumb shit was made by a man. The website you are using was made by a man. ~100 years ago you women were given the chance to finally spread your ideas and take part in molding the world. Name one major invention or positive societal change that women have invented.
They arent expect because of cultural standards. You said yourself they keep up just fine. You cant be surprised at a 3rd world country having sexist gender roles
I never said they keep up just fine. If they are being worked like mules in rough conditions already then there is no reason to not hand them over jobs children in their early teens are doing but they just don't perform it well and the overexertion can actual pre-maturely destroy their bodies even affecting their reproductive health. Women just aren't made for hard a labour and even the rural days it were men who did the hardest toil while women were expected to be supportive.
Nah, you don't want that. As it is currently there are more men than women, if a world war breaks out that flips. Suddenly men go from having to be the ones to overperform to get a mate to women. Post WW1 and WW2 you saw tons of spinsters for a reason.
Women. The strength disparity between the average woman and average man isnt as large as you think it is.
Surely only an American could believe that. The rest of the world is yet to be so brainwashed as to believe such obvious nonsense. Even the weakest of men are stronger than the vast majority of women. Comparing averages it isn't even close.
more elaborate video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzCO0G8AGLU [Embed]
who built that house you work so hard to clean?
2/8 for making me reply, whore.
Women bragging about how non-violent they are is like a guy who gets no bitches bragging about how loyal he is. You're not virtuous, you're just weak
Let's not kid ourselves. Women are less violent in general even in position of power. I have never seen girls torturing little animals but have often seen boys messing with them.Even in countries where beating the chidlren is legal it's fathers that end up making news.
Let's not kid ourselves. Women are less violent in general even in position of power
I'm sorry but who was the ruler of England during it's most imperialistic years? You know, when they enslaved half the world? It wasn't the king of England now, was it?
you dont know what it feels like to be lonely as well as males you. and you can have sex with sexy males at your will, and get into a relationship with your looksmatch easily
many men are doomed to a fate of dying a virgin. its really brutal. you should have more sympathy for the lesser fortunate
females as a whole really dont feel love for anyone but the most ruthless chads, and even then their love isnt as deep, unless he's a serial killer or something
So women did what men ruler always did? You also do know that rulers in general are sociopathic and think they are better than others right? It's wrong to judge all women from the action of one monarch or any monarch. Meanwhile it as been universally recognised that women are well suited for roles involving care and patience for the weak/vulnerable like nurses and teachers of little chidlren.
they don't know about Olga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olga_of_Kiev
"Olga answered that the murder of the messengers sent to Kiev, as well as the events of the feast night, had been enough for her. She then asked them for a small request: "Give me three pigeons ... and three sparrows from each house."[15] The Drevlians rejoiced at the prospect of the siege ending for so small a price, and did as she asked."
"Olga then instructed her army to attach a piece of sulphur bound with small pieces of cloth to each bird. At nightfall, Olga told her soldiers to set the pieces aflame and release the birds. They returned to their nests within the city, which subsequently set the city ablaze."
"As the people fled the burning city, Olga ordered her soldiers to catch them, killing some of them and giving the others as slaves to her followers. She left the remnant to pay tribute."
She's considered a saint by the way.
Women in power are actually more violent than males. Some american university studied european war history and came to a conclusion that queens were more likely to wage war than kings. Thatcher and Clinton are good recent examples. Obviously men are much more violent in general, but women that achieve high political power tend to be more violent than their male equivalents.
stfu if another war broke out the world would go straight to feudal hierarchies again and youd be back in your rightful place
wouldnt want that would you f*id
Scribbling papers and pressing buttons in comfortable office isn't what upholds civilization.
It just makes it slightly more efficient (and even then at some point manager parasitism outweighs benefits).
Work that would collapse civilization in couple days if stopped is mostly done by men, ya retard.
Well maybe because its hard to keep power for women and they come to power during turbulent times after succession crisises. Remember when the Frederick the great of Prussia started a multi national war because he thought he owned the throne of Austria because a Queen inherited it?
NTA but I wouldn't necessarily choke it up to turbulent times. Europe, and the whole of the world for that matter, was regularly at war. I can see there being a stronger grasp for women trying to keep their power, however that doesn't negate how many queens who had a solid grip on their power and weren't in tumultuous times were still absolutely brutal. I'd choke it up to differences in psychology, like how women are higher in neuroticism on average.
negate how many queens who had a solid grip on their power and weren't in tumultuous times were still absolutely brutal
Like who? I can name 10 male rulers for every one of them.
Like who?
Queen Victoria and Olga of Kiev are two I can think of off the top of my head. Olga dominated the people who tried to, through intrigue, gain dominion over her. She absolutely brutalized the Drevs and showed no mercy to the populace who were innocent to the schemes of their nobility. Olga even had the Byzantine emperor plying for her love.
I can name 10 male rulers for every one of them.
Well no shit, female rulers were far rarer in history. Males have been the predominant choice for rulership for eons, long before history even starts and that's almost certainly due to biological reasons(beyond just "muh men are oppressive and evil").
You are using folktales for Olga of Kiev and Queen Victoria was not worse than any other King before her. These are very poor examples. Portugese and Spanish crowns financed and oversaw similarly brutal expansions.
Well no shit, female rulers were far rarer in history.
Do you any breakdown or percentages of how many of them were ok or evil? By your logic men will also have some rulers of outstanding character by sheer population alone.
folktales
This was an actual war, you goon.
Queen Victoria was not worse than any other King before her. 
The ruler of the UK during its period of greatest growth, let alone during the Boer war was not any more brutal than any king before her, huh?
Portugese and Spanish crowns financed and oversaw similarly brutal expansions.
I'm going to guess you're about as informed on their expansion as you are on Olga or Victoria. You know many natives sided with the conquistadors because the brutality and bloodfeuds they had with other tribes, right? You do also know that they largely conquered(talking about the Spanish) through intrigue, right? As in they took over the heads of a state and used them to reign in the populace. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_conquest_of_the_Aztec_Empire https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_conquest_of_the_Inca_Empire its fascinating shit to read about.
I wish a world war would break out immediately so all moids start killing each other.
Women die at approximately the same rate as men when nuclear weapons are used on big cities, and in World War 3 that would likely occur.
Honestly I'd figure more women would die by nukes then men as a lot of them would've been conscripted. At least as far as nukes hitting cities, cities aren't their only targets of course.
Dont go around telling me history dude. Nothing you accuse those women of is anything special.
Muh boer concentration camps 
Guess who was going to outdo her? Remember when British founded Australia and the genocide of Aboriginal Australians was Kickstarted with noone giving a shit?
Also the British raj was following the same strategies as Iberian crowns. Thats what colonisation was all about.
have to copy male lingo behaviour into detail while u want them all dead veyr intresting
Nothing you accuse those women of is anything special.
Except you constantly downplay their brutality whilst suggesting men are overwhelmingly awful. Your only real refutations to justify their actions were to suggest that it was due to what was threatening them, however that excuse falls apart when plenty of them weren't as threatened as you made it out to be(or at all even) and when just about every ruler in history had their power challenged or threatened by something.
Guess who was going to outdo her?
Marxists, probably the most brutal creed any ruler can have.
Go ahead an enlighten me on the genocide of the Aboriginals, fren. I'd love to hear more (^:.
Who is downplaying anyone? I am just saying that rulers have sociopathic traits in general and women are no exceptions. You have to have it in you to gain power. Women were also more likely to start wars because their authority was always challenged. Thats it.
I'd contest that starting a war when your authority is challenged isn't necessarily a good way to keep your authority. Your authority is often challenged from within, not without. Courtly matters are handled different and don't necessarily require or end up resulting in a war. I'd personally say that women having higher neuroticism than men on average would be the more likely reason that they started more wars than men did. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3149680/
"Replicating previous findings, women reported higher Big Five Extraversion, Agreeableness, and Neuroticism scores than men. "
That's just from the first result googling "neuroticism gender differences" too, this is a well-known and long-standing statistical fact. I'd argue its totally rational that people who experience, and are more prone towards feeling, negative feelings strongly are more likely to go to war than those who aren't.
moids die
infrastructure collapses because foids can't into actual jobs that maintain modern society
I hope we do die just so you cunts learn a valuable lesson and futilely beg us to come back. How's the plumbing and railroad? Mine any resources lately? I think that nuclear reactor over there is overheating.
