Mom caught me eating my cum
How do I make her stop crying?
Tell her you require nutrients
Tell her you won't do it again and that you're sorry and that you'll uninstall discord because it's full of pedos.
Oh! Mine didn't care when that happened. She said me too.
I already tried but she won't speak to me. For context she saw me lacking cum off my hands while moaning gay shut. Should I explain that I'm bi and like milfs as well as manly dudes?
I don't think telling your mom you're "bi" is going to help if her seeing you eat jizz freaked her out that badly.
And MILFs? Does she even know what that means and in either case she is literally an older woman lmao.
This is why i masturbate in the bathroom with the door closed. No one has ever walked in so far. 
It's better that you just never mention it again. Why the fuck would you be moaning out loud when your parents are home ?
Ever saw anything strange from her? The mutual understanding helps
Should I explain that I'm bi and like milfs as well as manly dudes?
This would make her feel better for sure
Well I think she believes I'm gay, and bi is better than that.
She came home from work early. I like to masterbate in the backyard when she isn't there.
she believes I'm gay
Can't imagine why.
She came home from work early. I like to masterbate in the backyard when she isn't there.
Weird. You shouldn't be masturbating where people can possibly see you. 
Well I think she believes I'm gay, and bi is better than that.
No it's not. You're still objectively a homosexual.
I'm not gay I'm bi. Anyways there's a fence so no one can see me
You're a faggot for sure, buddy
nah people BEEN seeing you
I'm not gay I'm bi. Anyways there's a fence so no one can see me
Bi, gay, there's barely any difference. You're still attracted to big hairy men the same way a gay guy would.
Just because you like women doesn't lessen or negate the attraction. You're a faggot.
If I see that fuckimg cat one more time
I'm not a weirdo. I just like being outside because it's against the rules. Even if someone did see me its just more exciting. Anyways, my mom stopped crying be she won't look at me. Advice?
bi fag here. absolutely disgusted by big hairy men. why does being into men mean you want to sleep with every single type of man simply because they are a man? do you sleep with any women, including 600 pound women simply because she has a vagina?
not that there is anything wrong with liking cock, and there's a lot of /r9k/ which also like cock, but you like cock, and you should come to terms with your desire for cock.
I'm not attracted to twinks. I'm a stubby bottom who just wants to get fucked by big dude and busty women. Also you sound like a hypergamous foid
