accidentally misclick and send my gfs nudes back to her, when I actually wanted to send them to a friend 
she simply likes them and doesnt say anything 
Almost got a heart attack
sharing your girlfriends private photos she trusted to send to you with your friends 
Every time I start to think moids arent that bad I get reminded why I hate them in the first place
foids tell all their foid friends about their bfs dick size and performance in bed
Is this really news to you that men treat nudes like pokemon cards
Women in the past
You're sharing my NUDES with your FRIENDS?
Women now
You're sharing my NUDEs with your FRIENDS for FREE?
Don't be a whore and take nude pictures of yourself next time, sweetie. Lesson learned.
Nothing you post online is private retard. it's going to get leaked one way or the other.
Why do zoomer guys do this?
I never once even thought about sharing a gf's pics with friends but seems like ever since zoomers started posting on 4chan all of you are into this shit. What do you even get out of doing that? It's like self-cucking.
OP is probably a retard pushover that does whatever his friend requests like a npc
My bf's friend is in his 30's and he showed all of them his gfs nudes and told them in detail about their sex life
They also all know about their female friends relentlessly cheating on their bfs with dozens of different guys and never say anything, ever. They know about the time your gf choked on some black guy's dick in that nightclub. They know about the time she got gangbanged by Arabs in that seedy alleyway. They know about the time she was filmed by Chad rimming his asshole and letting him abuse her holes while she was drunk. 
They know. And they never say a word to you. They spend the entire time smiling and talking to you and pretending to be your friend as your gf kisses you with the same mouth that was fastened to nigger anus just 3 weeks ago.
post them here then if you are gonna share them
let's rate your gf
It's like self-cucking.
they don't think that far. you're talking about a generation that's surrounded by clickbaiting, instagram models and people's highlight reels on social media from birth.
it's simple bragging. zoomer guys want 10/10 girls so they can show her off to literally everyone so they can get attention. The opposite is true as well.
Mark my words there will come a day where zoomer guys willingly whore out their gfs and make them fuck other guys just so they can make the guy jealous that she is actually 'his', not even as some kind of turnon, just pure bragging and ego.
least deranged incel
this has been happening for a longtime, before either of us were born. i wish i could find proof so i don't sound like im blowing smoke up your ass, but people use to submit their wifes and gfs to playboy. they had a section in the magazine for these women too (not always getting permission either).
I know non-zoomers could do this do.
But it seems like if you're a zoomer it's mandatory to do that shit for some reason.
If a friend sent me nudes of his gf back when I was in college or something I'd be confused what he was trying to do and would probably ask him if he has some weird cuck fetish or something.
I know non-zoomers could do this do.
it's not a matter of could, but do. i can understand the dislike of zoomers to a degree (though i don't blame them for their current state) but you are being unfair by just singling them out. if the men of the previous generations had internet access, they would 100p do the same. before this shit people would instead send emails from pics they took on their shitty flip phones
to be fair guys cheat much more and with even crazier scenarios.
That's probably what it is, the technology difference.
https://nypost.com/2022/08/23/women-are-more-likely-to-cheat-than-men-heres-why/
Guys don't cheat more. Guys can't cheat more. Women cheat almost constantly and rationalize it as 'not cheating' because they were 'too drunk to remember' and 'were not even really sure if it happened'. I honestly was drinking with this blonde female friend once and she was getting pretty wasted and she started telling me about every guy she had cheated on her boyfriend with and it literally took like 2-3 hours for her to go through them all. 
They'd been together for like 3 years.
You just say you were trying to send a funny meme and your phone fell.
wanting your friends to jack off to your gf's nudes
All w*t0ids are weird freaks like this.
wdym nonny?
only retarded woke people are like this desu.
retarded woke people
That's basically all white people though.
sending your gfs nudes to your friends
Why? That's a cucked thing to do.
Men cheat far more, it's almost impossible for a girl to find a non-cheater.
Men don't. It's hard for men to cheat because women are a lot more reluctant to casually fuck random dudes. Men have less opportunity whereas women are just bombarded with sexual advances constantly. All they have to do is look at or smile at a guy and he'll be thirsting over them in seconds. 
So women naturally cheat a lot more. They just lie about it, to themselves as much as everyone else.
hard for men to cheat
lol. lmao even. then why do they always do it?
