How many of you love your bf enough to stay with him after that?
No one should be obligated to stay with their partner if they get in an accident and become that disabled. I would leave my gf if this happened to her, I didnt sign up to be a care taker
I think the final decision should be left with him. He probably would have rethought some stuff after the anesthesia high wore off.
This is an old ass image. Did his gf leave him or cuck him? Would be a great person if she didn't.
How do you fuck up driving a forklift so badly that the doctors straight up cut you in half?
If you're just bf/gf you aren't obligated to stay with them if something like that happens, although if you're a good person you'd still give them emotional support after you leave them so they don't kys. The real problem are the people who would leave their husband/wife in this situation.
he still has a hand at least, if I had both my hands missing I'd prob kms. If I was only with 1 hand as a limb, I'd probably just see if I can deal with it, and I guess hope that in the future I can get some legs.
He begged his doctor to keep him alive no matter what and said he was happy he was saved even though he doesn't have a dick anymore.
Also his gf stuck with him and they got married.
I think it's really wholesome and cool his gf (now wife) stayed with him. That's true love.
I have no hands, but I must kms
And he should be grateful!
she stayed out of pity thats what. now he lives like a dog
Cant win with you retards. If she stays its out if pity, if she leaves she is a heartless whore who never loved him.
It would be hard to date him because he is in chronic pain and has a shortened lifespan. Plus all the care he needs. I'm glad he has such a supportive wife they seem to be doing ok
Loren said that "even if I'm just a head on a platter I want to be alive" 
He's stronger and more of a man than you even without a cock.
You really think a woman can love a man with no cock? Grow up anon
You really think she's been caretaking him 24/7 for 4 years now just out of pity?
Maybe a few months or a year someone could do that but if you're staying with a guy for 4 years and got married and still do sex acts with him presumably involving his mouth then that's probably more than just pity. It's love.
Yep, fucking shithole
yes, he is the kid she cant have
I agree with this.
Usually I side with the misogynists but the male anons in this thread are acting the way I'd expect women to.
I might have just accidentally cured my misogyny. Maybe we were the bad gender all along.
I would stay with and take care of a gf who had her bottom half amputated. Just means you'd need to hug her more often and do fun stuff with her to take her mind off it.
well, lesbians do exist
If their relationship isn't lifefuel to you, then you're hopelessly lost. I remember so many anons praying on his relationship's downfall to confirm all their negative opinions of women. Well 4 years later and they're still happily together, say what oyu will about looks only mattering, women being whores etc. this relationship alone proves there's more to life than that. Even if she stayed partly out of spite to doomers and ends up leaving him, 4 years is more than enough time to prove there's something more there than doomer anons insist on.
Also people date and marry ftms.
holy shit
Cockless *unintelligent* men, but you don't need to be a jerk about it. They didn't choose to be born that way.
I'm fucking his wife btw
Based bull helping keep their marriage together.
This sounds weird but what did they do with his lower half? Did they bury it like a funeral or throw half his torso in a trash bin?? Man lost half his body
Cheap funeral it was half off
We're already celibate so it's a non-issue.
It's not an obligation, it's just the right thing to do if you love somebody.
unironically what cured mine. even added a melancholic tinge of misandry to know that 90% of r9k "criticism" of women is just bad people projecting.
Why are you two celibate if you don't mind me asking, anon?
When you get a amputation the person has the choice to keep it or let the hospital cremate it.
He probably just gave the other half to the hospital to go burn it.
A long list of reasons, here's some main ones.
They had the lower body stuffed by a taxidermist so the wife can snap her husband's torso onto it like a Megazord and that's how they have sex.
I looked it up. Apparently this guy was operating the forklift on a bridge and got to close to the edge. Then the lift fell off the edge and dropped 50 feet to the ground and crushed his legs and arm.
do you know
what i mean
when you feel
like you wanna scream?
Inferior woman with a superiority compact dating a sexually repressed Catholic guy? Cant wait until he cheats on your man because you wont let him fuck you lmao
Unclear gay speech. If I "let him fuck me" then I'm damning him to hell. If he fucks a man he's damning himself to hell. It's like you don't have even the most cursory concept how catholicism works.
ITS NOT FUCKING FAIR BROS. I JUST WANT A QT WHO ACTUALLY FUCKING LOVES ME.
You can put down an animal when it's sick but you can't put down a human I always found that weird
He asked not to be put down, if an animal could ask you'd feel compelled to respect its wishes. A person or animal who can't communicate is different because you have to enforce your own judgment.
It's weakminded of you that your first response to this is "kill him" instead of "save him" especially when he still wants to live and has good quality of life. I think you are just projecting what you would want for yourself onto him. You'd probably kill yourself over much much less.
And you think she doesnt cheat on him?
Shes loyal to a man with no penis fine with never having sex again for the rest of her life?
lmao
