I crave having a wife and children.
The local white beckies are a hell to deal with.
The most basic advice would be "get a filipina wife", but I don't want to have ER sons.
Would getting an African wife be a realistic and good idea?
I would imagine it could work for the same reasons filipinas work, except my sons wouldn't be short tiny-dicked incels.
What do you bros think?
African eww
As a latino I can only recommend my fellow latinas, they are actually good wives material if you chose the correct ones.
My wife is African and it's pretty great yeah.
I don't know man, I'm hoping that I could get a tall african one, and have mulatto mogger sons.
Did you meet her in Africa or your home country?
We met in her country in Africa, I was there for awhile. Met, married, brought her back to the US with me.
mulatto mogger sons
yeah man, totally
What were you doing there?
I'm thinking of going to some African country specifically for the purposes of finding a wife, which will probably be a much different experience than chilling there for a while and randomly meeting a woman.
That guy is unlucky as fuck, and you know it.
None of this would happen if his black parent has a nicer nose.
Was supposed to be NGO work but I got pushed into business there, doing overland transport. Wife accompanied me and we lived on the road for that time.
No I don't "know it". There are mulattos all over the place in the western world and especially where I'm from (South Africa). They don't mog anybody on account of any quality specific to being mulatto. If they're lucky, they're born with qualities that mog others, just like any other man of any race. Height, facial features, etc. You're probably trolling but mulatto mutts give me the icks
Nta but were you a trucker?
Daily reminder that its better to end the bloodline than to taint it
Get into graff. Put in the work and when you have sick handstyles you will soon be drowning in pussy
I wanna have an absurd amount of children with many different women to make up for being a 23 year old virgin. I wanna have 6 kids specifically with 6 different women. HOW HOW DO I BECOME IRRESISTIBLE ENOUGH TO DO THAT
Sort of working that way, though not by trade. They shoved me behind the wheel of a small truck and I learned on the go, with my wife to help.
Of course they don't mog anyone on the basis of being mulatto, I wasn't trying to imply that.
What I mean is, maybe I can get a higher quality black woman compared to what kind of whites I can get back home.
A tall black woman could produce mogger sons.
Now go try dating tall white women as an average guy lmao.
Short Korean men date tall white women all the time kek. Sucks to be white and inferior I guess
Did you get paid a lot or no?
except my sons wouldn't be short tiny-dicked incels.
Unless you are importing your African wife from South Sudan that belongs to the tall tribe, your African son will be shorter than a Filipino man.
African-American men are 4 inches taller than Africans because of eugenic breeding during slavery times. So if you want a tall Black son, you'll have to go for a tall Shaniqua in America, or do the hard work and import a wife from South Sudan of the tall tribe, or related.
Not worth it, you want a halfrican Elliot Rodgers?
