Honestly, how do you deal with bullies like this? Anyone had a situation where some person that was in a higher position told you to do something and you did, and when it went wrong they told you "oh well you shouldn't have listened to me."
It's called gaslighting. Typical narcissistic behaviour
Man you're gonna love business majors and the corpo life. Give it a spin.
He's not gaslighting. He's (correctly) pointing out that he doesn't have the authority to shut down schools and workplaces and that retards such as yourself vastly inflate the level of direct authority he has in order to make a boogeyman out of him.
Note: he also didn't say his recommendation was incorrect and I doubt he believes it was.
They are passing the buck they will never apologize or admit to what they have done. Accountability means punishment or reparations and that's out of the question
The only mistake they made was not going full Zero Covid. If the US had followed China's model, coronavirus would be a distant memory by now but Americans are too retarded to think long term so they refused to do it and now millions of people are going to die from the virus every fucking year for the foreseeable future.
The only people dying of covid are moldy oldies or really unhealthy people (like people who already died of the flu). Plus the covid virus has mutated into a more harmless variant now. If you got the vaccine for it (the vaccine that doesn't prevent getting the virus or transmitting it) you are stupid. Like very stupid. I had covid and I'm fine and so are most people that had it. I really don't care about sickly people that were already going to die, dying. I really don't sorry
That's malpractice bro
He literally never advocated for lockdowns, show me a video of him advocating for locking the entire country down. At most he said we should keep the option available. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=As4o3SX_90o [Embed]
Fauci is a god to us incels. He made the world walk a day in our shoes. He made roastys and nrm0ids kill themselves en masse over having to go 3 weeks without socializing. 
Coronavirus was the comfiest time to be an incel NEET in all of human history. 
FAUCI IS GOD!
LMAO, China's model required already being a totalitarian shithole and it STILL failed, the disease still spread and spread and spread, and eventually Xi had to backtrack because of how completely idiotic the entire policy was. You are beyond delusional.
That's just context denial. The universities, the state and big tech all converge into one overarching system. Fauchi provided the justifications for the state to act in the ways that it did who in return prompted him up.
Fauci isn't responsible for the actions of other people
Reminder that literally none of the journalists or politicians responsible for the last two years of lies will ever face consequences
It failed because America wouldn't fucking do it. If you have global travel and the world's third most populous country refuses to impose basic anti-virus measures, then the virus is going to continue to spread everywhere and there's no way to stop it.
It failed in China with Chinese methods due to Chinese reasons. You're making it sound like infected Americans travelled to China by the thousands and spread it there.
Extremely important reminder because people are slaves to the present. Can't remember yesterday, can't imagine tomorrow.
That's why I obsessively save screenshots of everything.
once you realize most people don't give a shred of a molecule of a fuck about anyone else, everything is easy to explain. as robots you are anxious and overanalyze everything because you don't want to give bad information or hurt people needlessly. These people DREAM about ways to fuck over the masses in new and interesting ways.
He is, actually. Are you a vaxxoid or something?
This is an interesting blend of "We must believe what the TV man says" and "Don't tread on me, I'm responsible for my own destiny".
The American "New Man" ...?
they don't care about you and will always maintain plausible deniability
they will tack on consequences of losing your job, freedom, etc. for NOT taking the vaccine and then will throw their hands up claiming to be innocent of any wrongdoing in the event you have a negative reaction to or regrets associated with taking it... that was "your decision" after all
Fauci did nothing wrong, justice for Fauci!
