I love my adorable little /r9k/ trans gf.
OP is referring to Retard san, an AMAB MTF boymoder described as a cute girl with long beautiful hair and deep knowledge of WW2 and Resident Evil. Following male puberty, Retard san began her HRT journey at age 18 and has now passed the 4 year mark.
Retard san makes threads sharing the romantic story of how she met her soul mate, Tranny kun, on r9k in order to give hope to other true robots like herself. Tranny kun reciprocates by dedicating threads like this one to her.
Tranny kun is a bisexual chaseoid who crusades on behalf of true robots, defending their board from normalfags despite never claiming the robot identity for himself. He regularly wins 20v1 arguments against r9k users which is why a small subset of them invented the meme about him crumbling under scrutiny.
Some have argued that their relationship is performative or unhealthy due to Tranny kun regularly prompting Retard san to make these threads about him or because he invalidated her lived experience as a lonely trubot but that criticism most likely stems from jealousy as Tranny kun has humblebragged about Retard san planning to dress as a maid and wear black lingerie for him when they meet at Retard san's grandparents for the next chapter of their love story. He flatly denies any suggestion that Retard san's visit to his parents caused any shock or embarrassment and no diapers were found by his mother afterwards.
The next chapter of their romance will be a romantic getaway to Retard san's grandmother's home. At present, Retard san is not 'out' to her Catholic grandparents who therefore will not be respecting Retard san's preferred pronouns and will be using her birth name (known as deadnaming). Luckily, the language barrier should prevent any embarrassing confrontations over this for the duration of the visit.
I fell in love with Kumagawa poster. I don't know how it happened, but his charm got to me and I grew an obsession. I feel like by fate I'm meant to be with him. I love him a lot guys
All of my love belongs to our Queen, Saint Iris The Martyr.
leafy from kick.com/leafy
Thats funny because imagine the kuwagawa poster being a skinny rat or some fat guy
How the fuck is she a matyr?
Samefag and who the hell cares about all of that info
You're just being weird at this point
it's not fair, i want to fall in love with a robot.
Give me money and I'll allow you to fall in love with me.
i'll pay for our dates if you're nice
She died to protect her family and, despite our sins, rose again from the subway on the third day to save all of us. I dream of the day when all robots will be united under her banner, brothers in devotion to the one true everQueen of r9k.
That's not true at all, his body is super erotic. He has a lot of nice lean muscles and a big wide back. You would know if you weren't a fake fan cause he's already posted body pics before
i'm not in love but i'd date frozenfag/austria anon if she didn't live so far away. she's pretty cute
I'm a robot, I don't know how to be nice. I don't comprehend normal human social interaction. Pay me anyway.
Back off. I already have my eyes set on him. 
He might possibly be the only attractive avatarfag actually.
it's okay i can teach you
iris does nothing
simp: OMG IRIS DIED FOR OUR SINS! SHE IS A MATYR! HOLY SHIT LET ME DONATE MONEY TO YOUR DYING TWITCH STREAM REEEEEEE
This is just Iris and her 1 simp.
I've already made great progress on unlocking his heart. You probably know NOTHING ABOUT HIM and you never will so have fun watching us fall in love from afar
I already have him added on Discord and Snapchat lol. But fine, sure, I like some competition so we'll see who comes out the victor.
Why are you so mentally ill, Kumagawa poster? Do you have zero personality that you have to samefag and pretend you have admirers to boost your own self esteem?
I have actually... my wife Texas-chan... she has gone AWOL
I haven't seen her post in months but I still think about her
And I can teach you... to insert coins and dollar bills into my robot slots.
none of these two are me, but the way they phrased it really makes it sound like satire (which is probably what it is)
i dont have snap
i don't have snap
WHAT
If you're being serious then I'm being catfished
well sorry to be the one to tell you this but you are indeed being catfished. But it's fine the person catfishing you seems to be attractive and cool enough for you to fall for them so is it really a problem
Wow, you have amazing timing! Wow, what a coincidence you joining this thread just in time, that's amazing!
is kumagawa the new vyro?
pretending he's an undesirable while also having egirls swarm his dick?
Nobody's going for his dick. They're just LARPers.
i'm quite a fan of tranny-kun and retard-san's threads believe it or not, so i'm always looking out for them. seeing the second reply made me keep a tab, that's all it is
read >>73093418 (these larpers arent me)
I feel like an idiot, I'm gonna cry
But it's fine the person catfishing you seems to be attractive and cool enough for you to fall for them so is it really a problem
They have been cool so far but if it isn't you they have just been mimicking your personality. Also they use your pics so no I don't know what they look like. I really thought I was in contact with you this whole time. I've embarrassed myself enough, sorry, goodbye
Faggot. 
Leave him alone.
Not really "love" but I did spend an entire thread talking to a fembot without swapping contacts and did think "Wow my life would be massively improved if I was dating someone like her"
mimicking your personality
this really seems interesting, how would you describe my personality, i'm curious, I think it's pretty hard to give me one only going from my posts
I like that train driver guy, he seems genuinely nice.
fall in love with smug retard because he chadfished you
Always b urself anons
Same but platonically, no homo
Yes. We were together for 4 years, thought we would be married. She went to college and became a normies. It's over...
What happened? She cheated on you with college chads?
Don't worry homie, I'll make sure no crazy bitch other than you can approach him ;3
The respect just vanished from the relationship when she decided to dorm for her last semester. Was she cheating? Idk maybe. But she fundamentally changed as a person and we kept having arguments. At one point she took my car without permission and it was the last straw so i kicked her out of our shared apartment and we both blocked each other on everything. Was it the right choice? Idk,l. But I'd rather be lonely than disrespected.
i'm quite a fan of tranny-kun and retard-san's threads
Wow thanks. I like your ability to destroy shitty threads sometimes, but I don't want you to destroy my threads.
I've met a few Peanuts fans, and I've met some real good friends here.
I suppose you could say I love them in the way one loves their friends.
I have never loved anyone or anything I think I am unable to. What word should I cut tonight?
Tranny-kun
Thats so much. I guess I can..
Hopeless !! Wasn't original somehow
I think I like hopeless more, I will do that one unless I think of something better. The person that emotionally abused me is in a loving relationship now so :^) my existence is worse than people that kill others literally
bumping for more cute posts
Z stop self-posting.
when I first laid my eyes upon leafy's post it was love at first read. ever since then I just lurk in his streams at kick.com/leafy
I tried dating 2 robots and both times it ended badly. One being an alcoholic tranny and the other a mentally ill twink. I guess I'm on my third robot now but this time is lasting a lot longer and is a lot more pleasant.
I added a few people here I think I'm catching feelings for one of them but he doesn't like online relationships and lives very very far away. I hope I can find a way to get over him.
KUMAAA SAY HI TO ME Can confirm he's hot lol
To answer the question, yes, I did meet an anon on here that I admittedly kind of fell in love with. I miss her...
Also Kuma wtf how do you keep attracting so many girls man?
Does he just give out his pic to any random who wants it? lol
There was a fake Kuma posting here a while back, maybe you added that guy? When did you add him?
You are such a normalfag holy shit
POCOOO can't believe you'd admit saying he's hot LMAO
I think the second one was fake desu idk. I only approve of the first girl
Tell us about her bro
Huh what makes the second one not credible?
Personally I believed both
I only approve of the first girl
She seems very dedicated to save and post Kuma images.
POCOOO can't believe you'd admit saying he's hot LMAO
I know a hot guy when I see one.
...I'm not gay at all by the way.
Tell us about her bro
If this thread is still up in a few hours, I will take some time to write about her. I need to be in a better place for a more serious reply.
Hmm idk its like 50/50, it could be true that she got catfished, OR, it could be that she/he got caught in their lie and had to make up a story since kuma does not have snapchat. 
I love her. Shes a younger me, so I approve. 
not gay
Hehehe ofc ofc I know no homo owo
I fell in love with this girl. I hope she receives my cuddle shark.
All you mother fuckers loved my namefagging when I lost a bet and had to do it for a couple weeks.
Yeah I could see how that's fishy
But if she was caught in a lie then why post again or try to confirm if he really doesn't have a snap chat? Definitely a weird case either way.
Then I will await your post fren, now I'm extra curious.
Keep the thread alive, anon! I request bumps. Or summon me with a post and hope I see it later.
Wait, were you editanon? Or someone else in that thread?
NTA but here goes nothing, bump
i have never given or received true love ever
2 hours ago
is all hope lost?
Bumperinoroni
I am here.
...I'm just collecting my thoughts. I don't want to give too much detail about her, because I want to respect her privacy. I'm thinking about what to write.
Have you figured out what you'll say?
No, I'm kind of procrastinating on writing it. I'll probably write it somewhere else first.
I should probably conserve the amount of Mio images I can still post in this thread.
we'll be waiting then :(
I think he just abandoned us bro
Bro? Bro.
I'M TERRIBLY SORRY I must be breaching some kind of etiquette for storytelling on 4chan. I am honestly kind of on the fence about posting anything at all, but know that it is being worked on. (I do not promise you a well written story, even with the obscene amount of time anons have waited, sorry.)
I don't think my story is worth waiting for honestly, but... I will keep writing it.
Love was invented by corporations to sell candy and diamonds.
still waiting fren
Retard san
Tranny kun
just the small things get to me
LOL
Oh my god it's so fucking cringe I can't believe I wrote this garbage *deletes it*
Me too bro, me t-
BRO?!
OK but for real ugh I'm so embarrassed. But I will post it.
You can create a blog with wordpress. Now, use this knowledge to FUCK OFF.
how do you even know this, how long as his fucking shitty r9k blog been going on.
She was the nicest person I've ever met online. She would help me calm down when I felt anxious about talking to her, and comfort me when I felt like I wasn't good enough for her. She would leave me a good morning message before I woke up, something for me to look forward to when I turned on my PC first thing in the morning between classes. Little by little, she changed me. With her kind words, I slowly started to change my life for the better, even if the changes seem insignificant now.
...and from the murky depths I raised my head and saw above me a ball of white light...
---
I'd given her my Discord, and I waited for her to send me a request. It was a lonely, dark Christmas night; I sat in my creaky chair, switching back and forth between 4chan and Discord, bored.
Bring me a Christmas miracle, I thought to myself as I spun around on my chair. Let it happen.
I opened 4chan and created a post. Not a manifestation thread, no, but a GF summoning thread. Then I sent it into the depths of /r9k/.
Snow blankets the world around me, basking me in the streetlamps' light.
---
I thought I was going insane with how much I was thinking about her. My mood kept going up and down, like a rollercoaster, in the span of a few hours. I'd send her a message, and in waiting for her response, my anxiety would shoot through the roof. I would become terribly depressed. And then when she responded to me, in that sparkly manner as she always did, my mood would rise again and I would become elated. These severe changes in mood lead me to believe that there was something wrong with me. Did I have BPD?
I told her I felt anxious about talking to her, and she'd tell me:
"Deep breaths!"
Deep breaths. Deep breaths...
Which always calmed me down.
The way the light shines above me in the sky, parting a way through the clouds, was always so beautiful to me.
It was New Year's Eve. 
Perhaps she had been drinking that night. She was a lot looser with her words, acting more affectionate with me than usual, and somehow the conversation turned to talking about how what we'd do together if we met up, what sort of dates we would go on, how we'd hold each other. In the midst of all those sweet words, I realized that my feelings for her had grown, and I decided to make clear my feelings to her. Gathering up my courage, I finally told her: I love you.
My heart racing, I waited for her response.
"I love you too!"
I wondered if my summoning thread had anything to do with this situation I found myself in. 
The angel's wings were spread wide before my field of vision, surrounding me with warmth...
---
We'd talk about our lives. I was a little embarrassed when I told her about my bad habits, but she didn't seem to be put off by them. I told her I never made my bed, and she encouraged me to do it!
I'll do it for her, I thought.
So up I stood, and I walked over to my bed, tidying up the covers. After I finished, I finally sat back down.
"The whole room feels a lot more organized now, doesn't it?"
Looking back at my bed, I had to agree with her.
The wheels were set in motion...
i legit loved talking to the dylann roof poster but she disappeared from both here and dc
My number 1(and only) fan.
I used to talk to her a bit every morning before I went to class, and after that, I'd talk more with her, late into the night. She was always worried about keeping me up too late, however - and I was trying to fix my sleep schedule, too - so more often than not we'd end our conversations early.
One day, however, she stopped messaging me in the mornings. Perhaps she'd gotten more busy, so that she couldn't spare the time to talk in the morning?
I'd continue to have conversations with her at night, but those seemed to lower in frequency too. I'd wait longer and longer to catch her online for a quick chat, and I'd be elated every time she responded. Until one night, I waited a whole month for her to come back.
And it was then she returned for a final time... to say goodbye. 
I never got to respond to her. I was at work that day.
After the dust settled, I was left with a hole in my heart - but one that was a little smaller than before.
---
One day, she asked me what my favourite music was. I replied that I didn't really listen to a lot of different music; mostly Japanese doujin music. It was kind of embarrassing sending her an album with a picture of an anime girl as the album art, but she said she would listen to the whole thing to get to know me better! My heart raced at those words.
She sent me a song she really liked. It was a simple, yet nostalgic song that made me feel super romantic.
We talked about how she loved to go on drives playing that song as she drove. I decided to take a page out of her book and listen to her song as I traveled by train to school. It really helped me calm down whenever I felt stressed.
We walked down the street, the ground covered with golden leaves as the cool autumn breeze caressed our faces and combed through our hair.
Honestly, I ended up crying that night. I couldn't really bear the thought of her being gone from me, even though we'd agreed not to get too close to each other because the chance of us getting into an actual relationship was just too small. She wanted a real-life relationship, and I accepted that. Yet somehow I'd fallen for her the more we talked. 
I still had to go to school. I boarded the train, found myself a seat, put on my headphones, and listened to the song she showed me all those months ago. It was absolutely beautiful outside that morning.
The light flickered and disappeared. But now, I had a light of my own.
3 hours to write that jumbled mess of words
No wonder why I'm an academic failure.
Have you ever loved an /r9k/ poster?
no. i have not fallen in love with a female poster ever
i did catch a bit of feelings for a girl who claimed to be korean, but those went away (thank god)
some i fantasize very briefly, but virtually all are forgettable
in terms of my favorite e-girl of r9k, it has to be prime agatha (rip). but i never loved her that much
Do you still talk to her? Having a girl who's loved you before is amazing to have and shows you have good potential even if you didn't get to have a real gf, really.
Yeah, having her say she liked me was a great boost for my confidence. She said I'd probably have no trouble getting a gf. I have no contact with her; I never gave her any alternative forms of contact and she decided to remove her internet presence, basically. I wonder if I'll ever meet a girl like her again...
It's either tranny-cunt or retard-fag posting and trying to hype themselves up here. These parasite fuckers have made me despise troons even more and I can't wait to use my vote eliminate these fuckers from life in 2024. Hell, we might not even need elections becausevthe world has had enough of these tranny scum.
I wish I had the charisma to harm others so people would like me like they like everyone that has abused me.
Yea my ex gf from here. I hope she is doing well. 
If we are talking just in random threads then no. But I really enjoyed talking to some of the coomer fenanons.
