My boyfriend had a Riley Reid fleshlght for 1 year until he met me. It hurts me like shit since he already fucked some bitch before and I'm a virgin, him owning a fleshlight before hurt me even more. That specific fleshlight also has a smaller inner labia than mine and it just looks like something Barbie would have. The porn actress is also really pretty and I feel like I'll never be enough and that once we meet he won't want to fuck me or if he does, he'll dislike it. I already hated myself since I look like a tranny and I'm simply just ugly as shit, but now it's worse. What should I do
Yeah, do it. end your life that is...
Show high heels.
ngl anon your pussy will never be as tight as Riley Reid, you will never be as applying as her and i am sure that you know if your bf got a chance to cheat on you with her he wont think for sec :3
If he likes you he'll fuck you. don't worry.
you look like you have no idea how man think,
Using a sex toy is incomparable to sex with someone you sincerely care about. I know it's tough but try to understand that men can have wild sexual fantasies/desires while also loving their partners and not wanting to cheat on them with random whores
Be thankful for what you have, uggo
But it still feels like I'm replaceable which I know IO am and this is making it worse..I can't really relate to how he felt since although I wanted to get a dildo at some point, I had some self respect and didn't and instead wanted to wait for the right person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jY_h1WimPfc [Embed]
Show panties, please. They don't even have to be on you
grow up stupid
how bad is it anon
Your boyfriend has shit taste. Lana Rhoades is where it's at.
how do they mold those things thou? do they inject pussy mold into their vageens or wat?
yeah that's exactly how they made them
It's actually interesting how they do it. The star has to masturbate with a vibrator to the edge of orgasm because that's when the blood rushes to their pussy lips the most and their vagina is opened up because of it. They take a couple photos of their vagina and then immediately make a mold of it while their still horny.
While they're still horny*
I had one of hers, that quickshot Riley Reid fleshlight of her ass and pussy. It felt amazing but it broke within a month. I also had a Sasha Grey throat fleshlight and it also broke just as quick, I ended up fucking them way too hard, like I'd put them in between my mattress and the bed frame and fuck it till I passed out
show pic anon maybe you aren't that bad :33
How the Hell would Riley Reid have a tight pussy? All kinds of things have been in that. Bad Dragon horsecock dildos have been in that... multiple, at the same time, with butt plugs, milk, cereal, and piss.
are they better then real pussy ???
yes &amp; no, you can have a lot of fun with fleshlights if you're in the right headspace, usually high as fuck.
but with fleshlights I notice I always feel the urge to reach out and grab, longing for more touch that you can only get when fucking a real whore. 
Nothing can match feeling a girls legs wrap around your body and slamming into her warm pussy
thats not even Riley Reid, op..
you are talking like she is putting stuff in there all the time, pussy is muscles if you work is a lot it gets stretchy if not it gets tight agine and even if Op pussy was tighter then riley am sure op bf would still chose riley
how can you get high and horny at the same time I get too much in my head when getting high it dosen't seem to work for me anon
Not that anon, but I find there's a goldilocks zone for edibles. For me it's like 10-15mg. If I take more than that I get too distracted to jerk off. Also a little Caffeine helps.
come on anon look at that ass look at her eyes 
you will never be abel to compete with her it is what it is OP
it's this >>73093331
find the amount that works best for you and just get zoned out on your body and the porn you want to watch. I'm really hypersexual anyways so no matter how schizo drugs get me I still feel horny as fuck
I'm this anon >>73093331 again
I also want to say not and try to force yourself to be horny. Just relax, put some jerkoff material on, and let yourself go on autopilot. When I do that, I get horny eventually.
where are you from? what if your bf never eats you out?
It's the same issue some men have with vibrators. Just get over it. Nothing else you can do. I had the same issue with my gfs magic wand but after a while I stopped caring. Now i love using it on her and many other toys we bought over the time. Just chill. My gf even bought me an onahole and loves using it on me. It feels amazing when she does. She keeps stroking me with it when I cum. The overstimulation is insanely good. 
So basically stop being insecure, give it time and think of the fun you might have if you getover yourself.
I don't think a vibrator is right either. I'm glad you and your gf can deal with it, but I guess I'm just too insecure for that. Besides, I wouldn't want a vibrator to make me feel better than him fucking me, which I don't know how that'll feel. I just don't think it's right. I feel like it's worse than cucking almost, it hurts like crap
Sex isn't just fucking. Have some experience first before you lose your marbles. Sex toys are fun. They aren't a replacement. Just an addition. He could use the vibrator on you and force orgasm after orgasm out of you. Or you use it while fucking. Or you use it on him. Sex toys are a great way to spice things up a little. She also has a dildo and I love just forcing her to cum on it. Yes it's not my dick but I'm the one in control. I direct how fast and deep I go. How I talk to her while doing it. And then when she is a quivering mess I might stick it in myself. Or not. Just let loose a little. Life is too short for bad sex.
Yes? Cause it's fun. Try it out. It's a bit like getting a hand job but different. The overstimulation when I cum is my favorite part of it. It's like someone is tickling your glans.
no i think you're just extremely lame
Enjoy your vanilla boring sex life.
shut up bitch
you will never be enough so stop trying.
Does it actually feel good?
I googled it. They just the outside pussy area. The inside tunnel where you out your meat in, its not realistic and they just made it up
For me yes, it does. But the exact sensation will vary depending on your size and on if you're cut/uncut
its a piece of plastic modeled after a 8.5/10 that other moids "worship" (give attention to)
dump him and date someone whos clearly way better (me)
Until they do
