tfw in love with a neet loser but he doesn't want a relationship, says it's not me just in general
what can i do to win him over? does it come across pathetic and desperate if i tell him i will wait?
You're not attractive enough. Simple as
He is a neet loser, why do you want a relationship with him?
+ He is the lowest of the lowz no matter ehat you do you cant be more pitiful than the guy, so just tell him straight up to get out of his basement and go to a restaurant or something idk
My take on it: He knows he's worth little, has given up, and knows objectively you will not stay with him; eventually it will end, so its better to have not loved than lost. Its easier to remain alone, despite being lonely. One form of misery over another.
And don't even bother with making presumptious remarks like "I'll never leave"
because he is amazing and we did go out together and it was really nice and i thought he liked me, said he wanted to meet again etc but then once we were apart and texting he went super cold on me
hmm interesting, thanks for ur take.. it makes me sad if this is the case and it makes me wanna try harder to get him, i was worried he just doesn't like me
i absolutely despise how close this hit to home, why'd you have to drop something like that out of the blue
Learn how to seduce people lolmao. My bf said the exact same thing and I won him over after like 2 months of chatting almost everyday. Now we've been together for 4 years.
what can you do to win him over? beats me man. i can tell you that i was in a similar situation; someone was in love with me but i wasnt ready for a relationship. there wasn't anything she could do to win me over not because she wasn't good enough, but because i knew i couldn't love her the way she deserved to be loved at that moment in my life.
maybe he's similar. don't feel like you're pathetic if you honestly will wait for him, but accept that you may be waiting for a very long time and that it may be better to accept the L and move on.
This. He already knows what the outcome will be. Just let the man be unless he changes his mind.
This is how I feel as a NEET. I expect to lose her at any second
this man, R. Budd Dwyer, was an hero
that and "why would she even be attracted to me in the first place?"
no money for dates, stuck at parents house and rotting away in your neetcave, use all of your "freetime" doing absolutely nothing except browsing a handful of websites or watching tv..It's just not a positive situation at all and I'm afraid I'd just drag her down further
damn im tryna become like u
You have to make it easier for him to spend time with you than to be alone.
It sounds more like a chad was testing the water and found someone better than you, thought.
