I see girls at work and at university who I can see myself in a really good, stable long term relationship with, I see them all the time. It seems I could get along with the majority of girls I have contact with, they are smart, funny, ambitious, cute, and so on. It seems they are everywhere I look. Then I try my luck on dating apps or whatever, go on a date, and I instantly notice multiple red flags with the girl, or I simply notice she is functionally retarded and gets confused by simple hypothetical questions, and I just want to leave the fucking date as soon as possible. Anyone else notice that effect?
long-term relationships are so 19th century. Live like the amazing atheist.
you know what, i know its a shit post but i tried that. i had a long term relationship and it was the time of my life, then that failed and i coped with casual sex for years. i wouldn't say i regret it but i wouldn't do that shit again, it's so pointless and literally just a short term drug for your ego. it chipped away at my soul for sure and i hope i havent done too much damage, i am a guy and i have double standards with that shit btw
I love it. Literally gives me a reason to bash her fucking teeth in and snap her fucking neck.
Honestly man, just try to hang out with those girls you bump into. You don't have to be a pick-up artist or make a fool of yourself, just ask to hang out sometime. Especially if you have a class with them.
And femcels wonder why no one will marry them.
i wish i could, but i am really afraid of ruining my work/uni environment. not that i interact with the people there a lot, but i basically have 90% of classes with the girls i am talking about. and the girl at work specifically probably has a boyfriend from what i noticed, so asking her out would be weird as fuck and just ruin the relaxed vibe we have going on. maybe i am exaggerating what a rejection does to that though? honestly i dont know
All moids love being punched in the face and balls, dont even try to deny it you little scrote sluts
L Love this autistically narcissistic "I think I would really be willing to date all these cute 7-10/10 girls I see on campus."
Yeah no shit anon, the question is where THEY would be willing to date YOU.
i have a tendency for narcissism i am aware of that actually, but from past experiences i know i am well in their league (have dated an objective 9/10 girl, am probably 7-8 myself), it just seems that the good ones are all in the no-touch zones around me. maybe that makes them more attractive to me, and i just gloss over their flaws. but somehow, i see major deal breaking flaws in the girls i can date
Lots of chicks have "red flags". 
I understand that most are true dealbreakers, but perhaps you just aren't willing to work through someone's flaws?
I only say this because you haven't clarified in the OP. 
I used to date but I stopped after I got sick of mentally ill/retarded women. That being said, worthwhile women still exist. I just don't feel like talking to women at all anymore because I haven't met any that are my age/available.
Buddy, you probably will never see them again after the current semester. Who gives a fuck. I embarrassed myself in front of a few women in my classes but it didn't matter at all because I never saw them again. 
Despite what the internet tells you, the world is a huge place.
so basically, the girls posting beating the shit out of her partner? well I'm not surprised that it'll be accepted wherever it is. double standard of course
