Had my ass eaten today. Felt ridiculously good. You ever been rimmed before, anon?
Nope but my girlfriends about to come over and Im gonna eat her ass. She said she wore a thong all day today so its been marinating. Cant wait bros.
l have never held hands with a woman
so its been marinating
Dawg that's nasty. Going to taste like actual shit.
wore a thong all day today so its been marinating
My guy you are in luck. I love the taste of ripe woman, who haven't washed the taste and smell away. Ass, pussy you name it. Day up to couple of days is perfect. After this, it gets too bitter. I once ate local gym whore, she didn't shower 2 days. I still get shivers, how good it was.
Yeah, my ex used to eat my ass. I didn't really care for it much. Felt kinda weird. She seemed into it though
How is the first time this has been posted on r9k when I see you post this constantly. Aren't you 27 which you usually include?
Maybe you just weren't in the right pose? I full spread with arched back and my head down like I was about to get my butt stuffed. Made me feel really submissive yet in control at the same time.
Does it actually taste good or are you guys trolling
We did a few times in a few positions. It's just a weird feeling, I don't get how people feel sexually satisfied from it
Nah she shit in the morning and then took a shower after, so itll only smell of her ripe ass sweat
It tastes good, honest to god. As long as she takes a shower after she shits, female ass tastes amazing.
Different strokes for different blokes I suppose. Maybe you just ain't got that dog in you. 
so itll only smell of her ripe ass sweat
Oh okay that's actually really nice. Really get that tongue in there, champ. Be nasty as fuck.
What does pussy taste like? Im still a virgin but i really want to eat pussy first then fuck
l have never heId hands with a woman
Only smell of ripe ass
Actual shit taste fetish. No pun, dead serious
Women are different. Some have beyond shit hygiene. After day, they smell and taste like hobos. Some can be just perfect inside the couple of days time frame. Point is, women need to have some primal smell and taste, because pheromones need to be present or it won't be any better, than humping lump of latex sex doll. And that would never be any fun.
A few worthless femsubs for this would be fun.
