It is so utterly over
What sex were you assigned at birth, my dear anon?
Forgot to add I'm trans
Meh, I looked like a 12 year old through much of my 20s and now Im a handsome young looking man in my 30s whereas many of my peers are fat and bald.
Nigga tf do you think? Male
No im not, go fuck yourself
Please post pictures, I don't think it's that bad
why does everyone say they look 12? is that a good round number for you?
Gotta shotamaxxx. :^)
it's gay to do this
You and me, buddy. The only kinds of people we can settle for are fat middle-aged pedophiles or mentally ill dommy mommies. Some might be into the latter, but not me.
Not only is that against the rules, I don't want to make anyone go through the act of looking at my ugly face
Idk just in that ballpark. Why do you care retard
You can just post on imgur :3
well i got bad news for you. you dont look 12. you look 18. no matter how much you try to escape your mortality, you are going to get old and you are going to die. thats all (:
one of my more enjoyable fantasies is where i am competing on a sort of chat show with other robots and various genetic trash where we each tell the hosts and audience how pathetic and worthless we are and how our existence should be ended for the benefit of humanity and the world. one of the hosts is relatively nice like dr phil, one is severe but rational like judge judy, one is a mean comedian who hurls creative insults sorta like howard stern. we will each plead our cases and the audience will by turns condemn, mock or pity us. they'll get to vote on which one of us should be executed and the hosts will decide on what elaborate form of death awaits us in the arena. being raped, or mauled by wild animals, or having our limbs sliced off, etc etc. it will be a glorious fate because not only will i get to end my suffering with no chance of pussying out, my existence will have provided great value for viewers and shareholders rather than being a worthless mouldering waste. and for a little while i won't be a nobody autist nothing, lots of people will at least pay attention to me and my thoughts and feelings, without any incentive to jew-brainwash me into wanting to live. i want this so bad and so do half of you
just me that wants to see OPs tummy? haha
You'd be disappointed, it's hairy
i dont look that young but definitely younger than 20
people always ask for my id when im buying cigs
