So yeah I know I'm sick in the head, I've tried to quit but when I did it I felt asexual so that's where I'm at
I can only get hard if I think about animals, but obviously I can't tell that to my girlfriend, I love her a lot and I don't want her to leave me
Is there a way to trick my brain into getting hard somehow? I think imagination could work but idk
abandon your gf and take the dogpill
clown world honk honk
This is how the world is buddy boyo. Chad's can make women eat their shit and tongue their anus but women would still stick to them while the virgin incel who just wants to hold hand is considered a mysogynistic pervert creep.
Man that's rough. Sorry for your horrible kink anon. I would recommend you speak with a therapist regarding this matter as its beyond the internet person ability to answer. I mean you are ultra fucked up but not so far gone you can't be a semi normal who is happy and loved(you degenerate)
I was about to say that.
Literal zoophiles can get gfs and here I am.
have your gf wear an animal suit with the pussy exposed
stop watching porn and avoid your sick fetish for awhile
get Roman or HIMS or something like that and they'll send you dick pills
the first few times you have sex it'll be weird because you won't have a natural boner, but after you see and experience how great normal sex is, it'll become normal to you
the key is to associate sex with her, not jacking off to animals, and eventually your brain will fix if you do that
just leave the poor girl alone you wrongun
Ditch her and get a DW, or get her into furgot puppy play.
because zoosexuals don't afraid of who they are (i am zoo too) and you are repressed closet faggot, and no one likes closet faggots. notice we live only once, there's no second chance.
Actual dogfucker or just a furry?
Make her wear cat ears and a tail idk
Convert her into a furry. Show her furaffinity or there's an easier way, just tell her to rp any animal, buy her a fursuit or some shit
OP reminds me of myself
have weird fetishes due to porn use from young age
How I fixed it
furry etc
How I fixed it
get a gf
How I fixed it
have trouble getting and maintaining erection
How I fixed it
Now im fine. Ive had more sex in the last year than the previous 4 combined. The key is not looking at the shit. These days, I dont find myself seeking it like I used to, and it doesnt turn me on the same way.
Pretty simple stuff.
I'm not a closeted faggot. I'm a pretty regular guy.
People like you should be hung in the streets btw.
I've been able to go a month with no porn but I sti just imagine the same non euclidean shit.
Maybe it's different with a gf.
How did you get a gf?
Just imagine your gf is a dog anon
Is your gf also a furry?
It made me much hornier, for me it felt like a reset
We met by pure chance, dumb luck. Otherwise id probably be an angry virgin, but Im good looking and have a genius level IQ and thats what drew her to me originally. She stayed with me even when I was broke, jobless and in worse shape because she saw something in me that I didnt see in myself. Shes a great person and I felt so ashamed that I hid (and will forever hide) these fetishes from her. Now im doing very well and can care for both of us.
Did you ask her to be your gf or did she?
We talked for a few months and liked one another based off of our conversations and physical appearance. There was no formal will u b my gf moment, but we knew fairly quickly we were in love. I remember the first time we said it to one another.
We are married now.
So when did you really know you are bf and gf then?
When she started talking about flying out here to visit me, which is exactly what happened. 
She proved her love to me.
wow, so difficult
