20 So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PffhcV-xBks [Embed]
stop sullying csm, christcuck
You're a kike unironically
You're the one following dead jew on a stick
You're on the side of rabid haters of Christ, what can I do except reject you?
Idc abouth jesus, some things he said were good, others bad, like any other spiritual teacher. certainly an upgrade from jewish tales book I (dashing babies against rocks and all that)
i only have more pics about christcucks because they are more common on the internet and where i live, but don't worry, once you convert to islam i'll be waiting with pedo-retard muhammad quotes
Hell is real. Your consciousness will be booted up inside a very small computer, and you will be tortured for all eternity. The people not in hell will not care.
damn, that says a lot abou how crooked your mind and soul are, and how evil were the people who invented that tale
Nope. STFU evil person.
evil people invented a holy book to justify their resentment, oppression and exploitation of others.
Nope. STFU evil person.
How the fuck can you claim any kind of "goodness" when you support a creator spirit that made a special zone just to crazy-torture people for infinity for the crime of not loving him and his magic son? Torture is the most inhumane, savage thing we as humans can do to each other. Yet, the loving, divine magic Jew that lives in the sky does it to an unbelievable extreme and is still considered the source of all morality?
What the fuck? Is every religious person just insane? What a horrible universe they live in where basically 1 in 3 humans is infinitely mega-tortured forever by the thing that made them in the first place. Yahweh is just a slave-master who is looking for an excuse to fuck you up.
What is good? What is evil? How can you claim to know what "good" is if you don't simply define it as "God approves of this?" Any other definition that I've seen devolves into a Jenga tower of meaninglessness.
you use your mind to reason what is good and evil too, you just reasoned (incorrectly) that whatever's written in the bible is good and in line with God's plan
It's through the lower truths that you find the higher ones. As above, so below. You have yet to define good and evil without God. I'm still waiting for a single person to do it to my satisfaction.
We don't need to even go there. We don't need to make this a semantic debate.
Nobody (sane) likes being tortured. So torture bad. If you torture, you're evil.
If you say super-mega-ghost torture is the will of god, then is your god good or evil? I don't care if he's technically not the one carrying it out. He made the torture chamber, he made the torturer, he sentences people to torture, it's his torture that he is 100% complicit with.
If I threatened to torture you for an hour if you didn't do what I wanted, I could held liable for making terroristic threats to an individual. Under the law (depending on the severity of the threat and the likelihood it would be carried out) that's a misdemeanor with up to one year in prison. It's a bad thing on a basic level that we have recognized for a long time.
You do not need some abstract definition. Show me any action, and i will tell you whether it's good or bad, because that's what my reason, intuition and experience tell me. Now, you operate the same way, just with a book in front of you, reading with your eyes, thinking with your brain, choosing with your heart.
ok
I don't have an abstract definition, I have a concrete one: pray to God about it and let Him tell me.
god doesn't speak to you, you read the bible the same way you read a roadsign and the physical procceses in your brain determine your response
I prayed about Genesis 2:18 and got a wife, so you are wrong.
Christians 1, Atheists 0
I will pray about Psalm 137 so YHWH dashes your little ones agains tthe rocks
LOL no ur babylon!!!
Praise be to God! Best wishes for your marriage.
It's important to read scripture in context 
You should care about Jesus anon. He is the only way to heaven. Regarding that verse, murder is wrong ("Thou shalt not kill"), the writer of the psalm is wishing for babylon to be repaid for what it had done to Israel. If you want to troll Muslims, (or Mormons for that matter), simply quote Galatians 1:8 to them
The context changes nothing in this case. The little ones are not at fault and anyone who wishes death upon his enemies children is evil
why do you guys make this semantic labyrinth to define what is evil and what is not, when evil is a human creation based on important traits in human evolution mixed with cultural traits
And about Matthew 19:11?
Whether Jesus was talking about eunuchs or not, he stated that there will be people who will not achieve a wife at all because of the way they were born.
Evil is simply a lack of God.
I agree that the little ones are not at fault. Presumably the same thing was done to Israel and he's wishing it back on them.
Even Deuteronomy states the same
The context of that psalm is "as they've sown, please let them reap", if I am not mistaken.
