are you retarded? Do you feel retarded? 
lets see how intelligent this board is
takes ~8 minutes
https://openpsychometrics.org/tests/FSIQ/
My IQ is 55 and I don't care, next thread faggot. /thread
Does feel good when girl rub your skin flap between thumb and pointer finger thread time!
Not real IQ
My official tested score is 131 and I was rushing since I did this at work, so pretty accurate test I'd say
scrambled words can suck my dick
Yeah I bombed that part too. Also weird how it said 118 just a second ago but now it's this
Did this the other day when this thread came up, not sure how close to real IQ this is. I liked the rotating blocks and the central point questions, they were pretty interesting.
Truly high IQ required for this section. How do I become a word, bros?
It says it right there, anon. Are you in that section? Then you are a list of scrambled letters.
I dont wanna know my iq, it freaks me out even if it turns out to be high. I know it wont be low since I took one as a child and that turned out to be quite high, but just knowing your limit is freaky, I am too anxious to take one now when I could take one without being anxious when I was a child
jkldsfhi sdgfhl isdgv isdisdjkgsdhlkujgsdj khjusdgf ksgdjkSDGkl'vc
If you're on this board it's at least in the triple digits (unless you're an ethot who came from tiktok/reddit or one of her orbiters)
big hm
Holy shit, the thing with the cubes really made my brain smoke.
The anagram section doesn't give you anywhere to type in unscrambled words. Is just randomly claiming that the letters can be reconstituted into words the way anagrams are done in Europe? This is an incredibly counter-intuitive format.
Maybe it's not ideal, but it does penalise guessing so it has that going for it.
I guess I fail this IQ test, because the instructions for that section do not make any sense. To the extent that there are any instructions for that section, which is nearly undocumented compared to the other sections. How do you propose an answer or answers?
So if I were to give you the following two anagrams:
HTE and KZY
Put a tick next to which one of those forms a real English word. You would get 0 points for ticking none of them, 1 point for ticking HTE, -1 point for ticking KZY (although I don't know if your overall score can go below 0) and 0 points for ticking both. That's what the test is, except there are obviously many more options.
OK, I am incredibly dumb.
I thought they were saying that 9 of the word snippets could be *combined* into words. And I was looking for combinations of snippets that made words when unscambled and combined. And I didn't understand how I was supposed to indicate that I had combined snippets together, and what word or words they made.
I didn't realize that it was a test of all three-letter words. That seems kind of ridiculously easy for a test of this kind.
higher iq than /pol/ from the results so far. What does this mean ?
No. I scored 150 on the last one I did (it was this one, didn't save it doe) years ago but I can tell I'm definitely way dumber than I used to be. I can't focus, think, remember anything. I'd probably score 105 if I took one right now.
Yes sometimes I do becaude of my IQ is in the 80s or something but I am not my fault because I have a learning difficulty and try my best
I do not believe you.
im dumb, cubes and memory are hard
Got this in just under 2 and a half minutes.
Dumbest user here so far reporting in.
You're a newfag if you don't what I'm referencing to by using doe
That isn't enough time for the timers to run down on the timed sections, so I don't think you did.
I dunno what doe is specifically referencing but mongoloids in my country type and talk like this. I'm just assuming you're also a mongoloid.
confirmed midwit checking in, although i have just smoked joint and struggled with the memory grid
You are indeed a newfag and most likely a vanta black nigger.
I dunno man, I'm 30 and have been here over a decade but people still call new because I don't give a shit to pick up on every retarded reference. But you're writing a word that's for dipshits (doe) and making random inane references (apparently?), so yea, I was right, mongoloid.
You can stop posting coal now, you've embarrassed yourself enough for the day.
Verbal fucked me over because I'm ESL, but I got 133 too.
Cool, now go back to watching Free Guy and masturbating to all the amazing references to Star Wars and Marvel! Wow!
Take it easy pal you're a 30 year old virgin, you wasted your best years on a tranime incel board and still don't know all the references, I don't know how you can live with yourself to be fair.
To the anons who got more average/low results and presumably didn't post because they were embarrassed, what set of questions did you find the hardest? Is English your first language? Do you think your result is fair?
Sorry, I'm here to take the cardboard crown.
i hate bei ng stupid
You're just average, which is worse than being stupid.
so less than 120
yet you failed to understand basic instructions, stay with your peers in the lower 110s
IM FUCKING RETARDED. WHAT HOW TF ARE OTHER ANON SCORING 120+. FUCK ALL ENGLISH SPEAKING FAGS
You're just brown, no need to be angry.
Fuck off fake ass mfers
I haven't been reading so I didn't get as many anagrams as I could have. Also sleep deprived and under nourished
FUCK ANYONE WHO GOT MORE THAN ME FUCK YOU!
HOW DID YOU FUCKING KNOW!!??
Were you guessing a lot on the anagrams?
I was the 149, not fake. You would be pretty damn close to me with a better verbal score. Did you also guess on the anagrams? I think a lot of people are forgetting that this test penalises you for guessing.
Memorization of words is not reflective of IQ. Test disregarded. I'm so sick of retards who think memorization is intelligence.
Yea, nobody is gonna tell me my dog isn't as intelligent as a human just because he can't read or write! Test disregarded!
He's right retard. When it comes to raw memorization chimps outperform humans. It's not intelligence.
It definitely a factor in intelligence though
Pop quiz: What part of your computer is considered it's "brain" and why?
I'll give you a hint, it's not the hard drive.
This test doesn't have much resolving power at the top end.
I have learning difficulty but know the answer to this is the CPU or central processing unit which performs operations for the computer and is liken its brain
What an embarrassingly midwit response.
For what it's worth, all program logic (i.e., all of the interesting/clever algorithms; anything but the most basic mathematical operations) is stored in RAM.
Storage is not processing power you retard. Processing power is what intelligence is. Being able to figure shit out and cross reference things that are unrelated to come to concrete conclusions that are based in reality is what intelligence is.
I'm sorry you think you're smart because you did good on a spelling bee once, but it's simply not true. 
Take this and post your results.
https://iqtestprep.com/mensa-test-practice/
It's a real IQ test. I scored a 133 on it. The only reason I even care about IQ is because I thought I was an idiot my whole life because I was treated like shit by retards like you because I didn't care about wrote memorization. Now I know better.
I'm not actually sure what I should take from this info. I'm not a programmer.
Everything that makes the computer appear interesting/smart is stored in memory.
What does the cpu do sir?
Scrambled words was retarde
It does a bunch of extremely simple things (stuff like "rote" addition and multiplication) a billion times per second while keeping some intermediate results (like a scratchpad) around in its cache. But the interesting behavior that you interact with at a high level is defined by the program in RAM.
Not trying to be funny here but that test was a piece of piss. No cheating, that test was absurdly easy, what the hell?
Nah, when I couldn't find more I skipped ahead instead of clicking random clusters that seemed like words but I wasn't able to mentally verify
I misread some instructions and when too quick on certain questions
I also scored 144 on the verbal section of the CCAT iq test, 128 on analogies test, and 115 on the "next word" test
Yeah. The Mensa practice tests have some pretty gnarly end questions that probably do well in differentiating higher above average scores from lower above average scores.
Meant to post this image
It's rote, btw
Fucking retard
Reminder that if you flex your IQ, you're probably just socially incompetent and/or ugly. Most of all though, you probably get no pussy. No one who is actually smart goes around bragging about their IQ, and if they do, it's probably because they rolled a 1 on their emotional and social skills/intel.
No one here is flexing
Another anon screwed by anagrams. I found them difficult as well but still did pretty well at them. I'm surprised people find them as difficult as they do.
I'll take a test on here as a mess about and to compare with other anons, but I'd never bring my IQ up in a non-anonymous setting, that's cringe as fuck.
Pretty much correct. Thing is, the amount of storage one has accumulated is correlated with the processing power of the mind (there's a reason the more intelligent tend to have larger vocabularies). The better the processor, the more processed. Rote memorization is not just unintelligent, it's bad at memorization.
Having a working memory is incredibly important. Imagine you're a detective trying to solve a case, and you have to piece together clues, both in the short term for the current case but also the long term of previous cases that may be related. Making the connections between those memories is absolutely a sign of intelligence.
Yes, AND your IQ is just as important as being socially competent and attractive, in that all of them mean fuck-all. They tell nothing of your moral character or dedication, which is what truly matters.
Anon's mistake here is thinking that we're all studying the dictionary an hour a night, memorizing words and their definitions, when in reality vocabulary is picked up naturally by people that appreciate the nuance in different ways of expressing similar (but not precisely the same) concepts.
If you were smart you'd know that we already established that I don't believe that memorization is an indicator of intelligence. We both knew what I meant and if we were speaking it wouldn't have made a difference.
You just want to attack someone for your ego's sake. I dont care. Your words are meaningless to me.
Yes. Exactly.
Somewhat maybe, i was kinda expecting to get low on verbal IQ since i am bad at spelling, reading and communication in general
Yea, I agree, making the connections is an important part of that, but having the memories available is also important, dipshit. If you instantly forget everything you ever see you'll never have the chance to make those connections. So you agree, memory is a part of intelligence. Good. 
Seriously though, answer me about why that test you posted was so easy?
I asked the other anons, but did you also guess on the anagrams?
Dude, most people who took this test got 100 exactly. The people who got higher are just more likely to post, you're not retarded.
but having the memories available is also important
Important or not is not what we are debating. We are debating what intelligence consists of.
Either you're super duper smart or it's a teaser so mensa can charge you for a real harder test to smack you back down to bitchville and give you your real score. It's a pretty high IQ marketing move if you think about it. 
I'm fine with my results they wont get my money.
Mostly no, but the guesses i did make were due to not being sure how to spell the words i was thinking they could spell
Probably about right. Did an IQ test before and got 125. I think my true range is 120-130.
Btw I have never studied or read books. I think if I maximised my potential that way my IQ would be really high. I am really bright but never tried at school. Oh well. Ill take my high IQ
If you don't have access to the memories you cannot make the connections, and so you cannot demonstrate that kind of intelligence. The memories are therefore a crucial factor to that kind of intelligence. It's obvious and indisputable.
That is kinda what I thought, but it's also why I liked the test linked in the original OP. The kind of questions were more unique and interesting, more akin to an intelligence test I was given as a kid. Most of these online ones (like the one you linked) are same-y, boring and often easy.
Also you mention it gave you a score of 133, but the score it gave me was simply out of 50. What did you get out of 50?
How to convert to actual IQ score?
Maybe it was a different one, I took it over 7 years ago. Man time flies. Dont waste what you got.
English is my fourth learned language so I had a hard time with the words :( 
What was your original score? 
Or did you not do it again?
That was my favourite part
haha
my brain is optimized for playing with legos :)
Yay I'm smart now
Don't think you can? I dunno.
Oh we're way past that, friendo.
That was my original score, same pic I used in that thread. For someone whose native language isn't English, doing quite well on the vocabulary and anagrams is actually really impressive.
Meh I should just read more english books
Impressive score! 
Do you get similar results on other tests? 
How was the last test for you (the green block placing)
Originalo
https://vocaroo.com/1aF7iCIOryW0
Oh it's Pixel, hello. English anon here. Yea, I tend to get similar results. The central point test was kinda weird, I got really close a lot of the time but not often on the mark. I think it's sort of an intuition thing? I'm not sure how related to intelligence it is, but it was an interesting part nonetheless.
Something smells fishy
It's pixel and her smelly tripcode
confirms my own self-assessment as a midwit with a failing memory
Namefag
Attention seeking
W h o r e.
Bitch
I'm verbally retarded it seems
Eh, This is almost better than what I expected.
English anon :D 
Love that we keep bumping into eachother haha
Namefag cunt
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Attention whore
I used to care a lot about IQ but at some point I realized, IQ really doesn't mean jackshit if you don't do anything with it. Everyone knows who Elon Musk is but most people can't even name who the smartest man in the world is. Who cares if you can do math equations fast and form proper sentences if you're just some wagie stuck working at McDonald's. 
Anyways, apparently I'm an Englishtard. I used to think my verbal reasoning was pretty good but I guess I could improve on that, if that's even how verbal IQ works....
https://vocaroo.com/1aF7iCIOryW0
You're finally getting the attention!
Translation:
It's Terence Tao.
Me too. And yes, you should read more English books!
I think this is why IQ tests are a bit iffy. A lot of people say you can't increase your IQ, but you can certainly better prepare for an IQ test and increase your score, even on those Raven's Progressive Matrices tests. Best to take with a hefty pinch of salt.
The guy who posted it said he scored a 133.
See >>73094135
Anyway, how did you find that other test, since it seems nobody else in here has done it?
Fuck you Pixelchix you attention craving piece o-
PIXEL SMELLS
PIXEL SMELLS
PIXEL SMELLS
PIXEL SMELLS
SOMETHING SMELLS 
FISHYYY
Wow
Mucho attention
Very craving
Quite Pixelated
Pixel and her odoring VAAAAAYYYYJJJJJJJJJ
not related to IQ, into the trash it goes
Holy fuckin' shit..
Originally
English is not my first language so it is what it is.
Fully expected to get a 70 desu
I am >>73093880. On practice, got 88% and 44/50 (comment was too low in content)
lmao what a retard move
Get trolled idiots
EZ'd
I'll bully dumbasses like you all day long over this kind of stuff, it's a great way to get a leg up socially because most people don't understand your perspective (which is somewhat correct), and by the time you're getting corrected you already look like a bitch despite any valid responses you might produce
Intelligence is comprised of crystalline and fluid components. What this test measured was fast committal of new information to memory, which is a demonstration of one's fluid intelligence. The spatial reasoning components also measured this, but with different concepts. 
The vocabulary components were a mix of fluid and crystalline intelligence testing, given that you had to quickly interpret information but also had to check with your accumulated crystalline intelligence to arrive at correct answers.
apparently I'm not mentally retarded
what a pleasant surprise
IQ tests always filter me. When I was evaluated (voluntarily) at the age of 22 I learned that I have slow processing speed.
Hell yeah, my score went up 9 points since I took this one years ago
i find it hard to see sub 100'ers as human
Im kinda smart wow...
Meh. Iq tests are just intellectual masturbation
the assumption that an 8 minute test is sufficient for testing a person's intellect is as dumb as it gets, but people will pretend so they can flex on each other. Have fun guys
Im not going to sugercoat it
Anybody who scored decently doesn't have any real problems. If your brain works well, better than a significant portion of the population than why are you here? The mind is by far the strongest indicator of longterm success in life bar none. You've literally been handed the best tools life can offer you and your still here, pathetic.
Aren't online IQ tests unreliable?
Disclaimer: I am stoned.
