barely any food
no jobs
no money
disease rampant
family abandons you
foreign aid so they preserve you for some odd reason until you're 30
nothing but suffering and starvation for your 30 year life
Why aren't the suicides even higher for third world countries? They should be having at least ~60% of their population committing suicide daily, yet it's only a couple dozen per 100,000 people.
because theyre actually fighting to survive.
who has time to be depressed?
pussy, my guy, the source of life.
They have a lot more purpose in life, they have alarge family and social group, even though they may only make a few dollars a day for back breaking labour it matters because they have a family that needs them, the food they eat instead filled with poison that wreaks havoc on their body, the media in their country is either propaganda or not constantly trying to lecture you as to how terrible you are because you were born white
for most of human history life for regular people was even worse than it currently is for the average third worlder. everyone should have committed suicide millennia ago
Because people do not have 'objective' perception. How you're doing relative to other people, your expectations, your status etc. have a huge influence on your happiness. It's the reason people who came from nothing to a lot are the happiest like Arnold Schwartzanager, and why people who started life off with high expectations and they didn't pan out tend to be the most bitter.
because they have partners while we don't
spics, arabs, and southeast asians are simply not smart enough to even realize that their lives are shit. as for africans? they live for chaos so they unironically enjoy being impoverished and making everyones lives hellish.
Its mind boggling how people didn't.
Now that we know better, like what luxuries we can (and should) have, suicide is more common. And will increase. It feels like the end game of humanity, the more we progress the less we can go back.
This is the singular answer.
Non sentient southern hemisphere biomass cannot feel depression as real humans know it (whites, asians) so they never self terminate.
Suicide is for people who have life too easy so they have a lot of time to think about themselves and what they "deserve".
You never have the time to sit down and think about what you "deserve" and "want from life" and "what you need to trully be happy" when you're running araund all day trying to hunt down a monkey with a spear.
Of course people like to say this but they think of it from a materialistic stand point and a technological one. You had strong tight nit communities built over hundreds to thousands of years. Why would they commit suicide? Humans are social creatures. I'd argue modern society is way worst in terms of the social aspect with everything commodified. It aint right.
experiences most traumatic day of his life
says Alhamdulillah for everything 
carries on
The indomitable human spirit
Material things will not make you happen and physical suffering will not necessarily make you miserable.
It's cultural.
barely any food
That's a meme, they have enough food to become obese. They're not just as targetted with demoralization campains ad the white westerners. They're also more in touch with nature and tradition.
What the fuck? World population is much larger than "millennia ago". Actually suicide is LESS common Lmao.
Unironically this. Africans dont care about any of that shit because even though they might die at 40 to pneumonia, they at least got to breed while being a respected membr of their tribe
you have a child's understanding of the third world, its not literally Ethiopian famine tier everywhere all the time, also we get the term "third world" from the cold war, it referred to the unaligned shitholes the East &amp; West squabbled over originally, now its just a vague term for poorer countries that doesn't mean anything concrete 
If you were in Sudan right now you could be shooting at different factions of the military, you could be running a sweatshop in Bangladesh, you could be a pirate in the Niger Delta, work construction in Burma, etc, not just starving in some sub-Saharan shithole with flies on your face
Depression is something that only privileged people can experience. 
If your main concern is to find enough food to eat tomorrow, then that means you have a fixed and simple goal that you need to accomplish. Suicide is reserved for people that have nothing to look forward to.
suicide is borne out of an intersection of relative comfort allowing introspection and evaluation and discomfort
the lowest rungs of global society have it too bad to contemplate suicide
You didn't have to kill yourself back then. If you got tired of living, just drink from a stream or get a deep cut.
An infection meant losing a limb or death. If you got dysentery (basically a viral diarrhea) you were probably going to die. Every day was up to chance. Fuck, before the Heimlich maneuver (1962) if you were eating too fast and started choking, people would just slap you on the back and hope for the best. Getting food stuck in your windpipe was pretty much instant death until recently.
A lot of good answers about how they have strong families ties and communities. Also cultural ideas on suicide drive a massive part of it. In a lot of cultures they literally just don't even think about suicide. It's not something people do. It'd be like asking them "why don't you try to grow a third arm?". It's just a silly idea. 
It sounds stupid, but it's true.
They have reason to do better.
In the US even lower class have biological needs met. They may want and try to do better but there isn't really much reward, as in not literal life and death.
They're fueled by the will to live while all first worlders think about is how they might be the next tik tok star or Elon Musk
because you blieve in the idea that people kill themselves because they are poor or otherwise have little material resources,under your logic nearly 100% of our ancestors would have commited suicide
white europeans in the middle ages lived worse than any 3rd worlder today and they still didnt kill themselves,whats your point?
