why is the avarage 4chan couple like this
i dunno but that sounds like 4 femanons i know
would be perfect if she wasn't woke and he wasn't extroverted
So all the incels on here who whine about no gf and being shunned from dating
this is what they're angry about missing out on?
if there is sex then yeah, i want some
you realize they only use that to keep you pacified while they mistreat and walk all over you
We mistreat them during sex so it cancels out
if they're dominant in the relationship then it's a bonus. it's just that i live with my parents so my life isn't compatible with them
Incels have a communist tier IQ on average 
They are willing to pretend that they would take the normalpill in order for le sex but then when the time comes to take the pill they shit themselves, convulse on the floor, do a front flip and throw the pill down their fucking windpipe because they would rather die then give up their hikineet incel lifestyle (sensible) but still want the benefits of a normie lifestyle (faggotry) 
They are incels because they never got sex and they never got sex because they are incels
Isnt this most couples these days?
Op's image is the result. The bar for women is so fucking low it's insane. I don't think 'tutorial mode' even cuts it anymore.
My relationship is more like this. It shouldn't work, but it does lol.
zoomer (22)
was a khhv before
millenial (28)
has no other friends
millenial (28)
can't manage to be an adult and pay rent on time
millenial (28)
calm temperament
millenial (28)
autism
millenial (28)
good at art
millenial (28)
why are they your friends
how did you """find""" one of these
seems like he's just used to them since his childhood.
Once sexbots hit the market, we will finally be free.
Please, stem lads, your brothers need you more than ever.
Because they date high schoolers, next question.
Where else are we supposed to try to find virgins
that's me. and he approached me irl. he stood out because I was still in my awkward tomboy phase at that point, and wasn't used to getting approached at all.
Then it's a choice and you deserve it. Have fun at hot topic.
I have a gf like this except for the fact that she keeps me in a chastity cage
everytime
Is that a bad thing ? But yeah I guess it's common if you're in the "mentally ill enough to regularly post on 4chan" category of women
lol what also sucks is that you're probably barely fuckable
I get a lot more male attention these days so I disagree. But I think neither of us is a 9/10 either ngl
its just tiresome seeing the same kind of people plaguing this place
women always get male attention easily
doesnt matter if youre fat or ugly
It could easily be her best option, and if that's the case there's nothing to criticize because she's doing the best for herself.
I bet that you could lower that rating more. Thirsty men have very low standards, and if you were really that attractive, you would not be here posting.
i have had men who are more attractive than my bf trying to get my attention, but I'm never leaving because he went for me when I was at my worst (the awkward tomboy phase)
that had nothing to do with my point
women always get male attention no matter what
You're right. At this point its dev mode with console commands in a sandbox for in-house alpha testing, and your project lead has told you do what you want I'm checked out just check your hours at the end of the week or you're not getting paid.
did you just started dating your bg 8 days ago
you're having an argument by yourself
I just have a folder of 4 or 5 pictures I use every time I post
Who drew this?
ORiginal post
I feel like the guy who made this OP post/meme got dumped by a kid and wrote "deserves better" no shit a teenage zoomer GF is gonna lack in ADULT WOMAN skills and personality traits, at the end of the day she wins and he loses because he is a pedo moid and it will taunt him forever, as for legal 20+ zoomers being this way that's almost rare and they go to older guys for a reason, to feed on them. and they still win.
feel sorry for your bf now
i need big calm millennial bf :(
where are you located? originally, ofc
definitely too far away from most people on this board
try me, very originally
its embarrassing i dont wanna post where exactly, but im a euro
tell me you're from the UK without telling me you're from the UK
yes :( it IS embarrassing
fuck off I want the opposite
Hello. Am millennial and also an euro. Let's have some baked beans or something. How old are you?
