i really wish i was pretty sometimes. how do i stop caring about being an ugly girl? i like to dress up, but clothes look way better on girls with nice faces. i don't want a bf, i already know ugly girls can still get one. i just want to look normal and cute
Is your body good? If not, make it.
you should 100% sweetie
You are allowed to exist as an ugly woman unapologetically we are human beings. I discovered feminism and body positivity and now I focus more on what my body can do and general wellness vs how fuckable and charming I appear
If pic related are supposed to be "ugly" girls than you are inaccurate, I'd love any of them.
How fat are you
just buy some cosmetic surgery and be done with it.
It's clear what I meant by that in the context of my post. You are unironically triggered
so, not only are you fat but you're also ugly and use your whorish body for validation. noted.
What else would you mean? If I google "body positivity", it's all about overweight women.
Just fix your face with surgery
In ten years bitches in picrel will look like a cross between Eugenea Cooney and Adalia Rose
Sorry you are having such a hard time understanding, I thought "focusing more on what my body can do and general wellness" was pretty easy to understand. Should I define wellness for you or the word body? I worked with autistic adults in my old internship so I am good at explaining things to autistic people now
Okay, so are you fat or not?
Tbh i want an ugly gf because we can feel equal and i wont be intimidated and also she wont be a normie so we can nerd out about music and vidya and shit yk, hot women always have shit personalities, or are clinically insane because they've abused hard drugs since they were 11 and got raped at 6 by their 46 year old obese uncle.
If you are not cute get sexy then.
For a strange reason I like women that although are not standard cute, are confident and a little sexy.
Also, have a good body. Sorry but something you must give.
And if you are a woman't or a temale. Don't look for normies, your world is the wake world.
