What kinds of kinks or fetishes have you developed from playing games or watching tv? For me it is gloves and it stems from csgo (even worse because my brother showed me and taught me how to play the game.) I REALLY want to be either spanked or fingered buy a guy while he is wearing gloves, especially fingerless ones like picrel. The only gloves I don't like are latex. I don't even watch porn really, I just look at photos of men in gloves and schlick to that.
I understand lace gloves and something that goes up your arms, but military gloves? How the fuck would you get a comfy handjob from that? I mean hell most people with a glove fetish like stuff that arent as chunky right?
I am an XX woman with a vagina anon, which is why I mentioned fingering.
Definitely a rape and misogyny kink. Probably a girls getting fucked by monsters kink too. Horror movies aren't good to watch as a kid.
boys can still get fingered, and usually there is boys on here, and usually boys develop retarded fetishes like yours. I understand it a bit more now if it comes to manhandling you or some shit with the gloves butthey are showing like half of their fingers with fingerless gloves, wouldnt really be effective for fingering would they? At best they would be "just as good" as rubbing as normal hands? But seeing as you posted your picrel in the OP does that mean you are only attracted to COMBAT gloves?
What about boxing gloves?
Mainly combat gloves, also some gardening gloves too. Boxing gloves do not have the shape of the finger or hand visible.
Brother offhandedly mentioned this the other day since he has been on a horror movie binge, why victims are always women. Never thought about it too much until he pointed it out.
I remember watching the lost world and thinking of the busy blonde girl getting raped by the dinosaurs or savage tribes. Don't know when that started. But now I'm heavily into non con things of any kind. Oh also another show was team knight rider. In one episode one of the women has to seduce a guard to distract him. She knocked him out or something but in my mind she failed and got brutally raped instead. 
Pic related
Weirdly I didn't develop a snuff kink. A blessing I guess? But nowadays the idea of choking a girl im fucking till she suffocates is weirdly arousing. When I did choke my ex gf the feeling of power was intoxicating. But that's just a fantasy.
Anon, just fucking why does your brain think like that?
How would I know? Maybe I was meant to be a pervert. I was just a hormone fueled 14 year old back then. I dont question it and it had no negative effects on my life. You probably don't want to know what I thought about the shows 7th Heaven and charmed huh? 
Also lara crofts pyramid tits. Remember getting the nude patch from a mate. Good times.
What rank? Do you like Office? Lets play some cs. I have no mates to play with :(
from playing games or watching tv?
Nothing.
Liking hentai is obviously related to growing up with anime
I concur. I think anyone can get aroused by hentai. Man see boob -> horny activation. The brain can't really differentiate between a drawing and the real thing. I mean obviously we know it's different but the neural response is the same.
Silver elite, office is fun but I dont like hostage as much as bomb. I play pretty casually and don't care all that much about my rank, that alright?
Mind sharing a pic with your hands in them or not? I understand if not since it's obviously fetish content lmao.
Smh, now she is gonna order you custom made prosthetics that perfectly cater to her fetish.
Yeah sure took a moment to remember where I left them.
One femanon fulfilled my fetish request before so I'll do the same. Maybe too late but whatever. Who knows, perhaps you'll check later. My sap gloves seem to be missing at the moment so RIP, or at least they're not where I remember leaving them.
Thanks! Got me wet, more for the collection. Wish guys in gloves didnt turn me on this easily but here we are lmao
This Halo 2 cutscene fucked up my kid brain and gave me a massive torture fetish
Are you the one being tortured or the person doing the torturing?
Feet
I think all animators into into that in some form with how often the fetish appears in cartoons
In all childrens media really. I remember one of Nickelodeons biggest producers had a foot fetish and would put fetish content in all his shows (iCarly, victorious)
The latter. Although as a kid I hadn't developed a clear preference
I feel like you are on the fatter side simply based on your wrists or are the straps incredibly tight?
How far does this go? Do your fantasies involve killing the person or just hurting them?
Luckily my sexual urges have developed down more benign avenues. My primary sexual fetish is tying someone up and tickling them so badly that they beg for mercy. I do find things like branding and other harsher tortures erotic, but luckily I don't need them to get off. Besides, tickling is a very tactile experience. I like seeing fingers flitting over sensitive skin, and the victim kicking and squirming in response.
Tickle torture sounds like an absolute nightmare to me because of how ticklish I am and how much I hate the sensation. Whenever I go to get a pedicure I always accidentally kick the woman doing it because my feet are so ticklish lmao.
Lol I'm very ticklish too actually. It makes it hotter imagining the hell that my victims are experiencing. I've been lucky enough to have several people let me do it
You will get tied to a bed and tickled until you piss yourself. That's when I apply a magic wand to your pussy to punish you for making such a mess.
