i get ZERO pussy on my big and wonderful pussyfree cock so i decided to quit my job and claim sexual reparations instead. Sexhavers pay me measly 900eurobucks per month which desu is not a lot compared to what i actually deserve(8 million euros) but still good enough to finance my comfy lifestyle so why should i even lift my finger and work and pay taxes? Remember that i get ZERO PUSSY, NOT 3 PUSSIES, NOT 2 PUSSIES, NOT EVEN ONE PUSSY!!! Nope, NO PUSSY at all, literally Z-E-R-O. So keep that crucial info in mind before you judge my unemployment status
there is no reason to work or pay taxes if you're not getting pussy from prime natalie imbruglia circa 1997
We all make our choices, I'm not judging you. Personally, though, being a government NEET is too big of a risk for me and it's very low paid.
Because you can make more money working than neeting and create a secure future for yourself. If your only reason for working is to get pussy then yeah I guess you can just do the wastng away thing.
what future retard? without a good past (tons of pussy by 21) you are locked into a mediocre future, which is the sum of all your past joys and pleasures.
oh wow i have big money now i buy big empty house and nice shiny car oh and now in my aged elderly lots of money body i finally have sex with woman maybe even younger woman but my brain does not psychologically joyfully respond in any meaningful way compared to how it would if i were young damn i wish i hadn't wasted my whole life getting money for no reason
not rly, as a minimum wagecuck i would have only 200-300 euros the month more than a NEET. Break my back for only 200-300 more?you have to give me a really good reason to do something stupid like that, such as a prime teen virgin wife for example.
monopoly money
One day you are going to be completely alone shitting yourself in your bed with bowel cancer in a hovel. You could save to pay a district nurse if you really think you are going to be alone. for the rest of your days. Or even save for a down payment on a condominium or a home somewhere quiet. Or perhaps even finance a car so you can travel and see your world. 
locked into a mediocre future
And thats bad because? Do you think 99% of humans live some instagram model life? Doing coke all the time and sleeping in fancy B&amp;B's in malibu? If status matters that much to you then go out and pay for some escorts while you're young with your welfare money. That is if you believe that sex is conduscive to an affluent future.
yeah really I now earn 400 more than I did neeting doing relatively little. In fact even less than I thought I would be doing when I applied. By just sitting on neet money (money that's just printed out the governments ass) you're only putting even less and less money in your pocket year over year. It's just not tenable long term. Like it or not what women like is competence in men. And the easiest way of showing that is that you have stable income and employment.
i would rather die young than spend 80 years on this godforsaken planet and spend my last months on a deathbed with bowel cancer while no one cares about me. You rly think a stranger nurse who doesnt love me would motivate me to go get a job now?you gave a bad example but yes i do have a car and i want to travel the world before i check out of this planet. This is why i m saving money atm
Unfortunately, your poor long term financial planning makes you a bad prospect for a prime pussy owner in terms of providing for any future offspring. Them's the breaks.
So you do pay tax lol
yes i cant avoid car tax. I apologize for being a taxpayer.
You shouldn't. If you're happy being on nigger gibs, be on nigger gibs.
Why would a woman choose you. Someone who -
1. Is unemployed
2. is on welfare
3. has zero plans for their own future beyond just collecting welfare endlessly for the rest of their days
4. wants to kill himself
5. has exhibited no financial planning at all
Gigachad pussymitten detected.
work now so i can work more in the future? i dont see how that would give me pussy, all that would do is give mister shekelstein money to buy his third house.
fucking cope, chad doesnt need any of these things. hence why would they help me get pussy? if a pussy is dry after looking at me for 1 second, why would it become wet when i say: oh btw i have a job.
you must be on some drugs, women dont care about that shit
Why would a woman choose you
because i 
1)am extremely intelligent and i can increase a womans IQ with my educational speeches
2)have a big and nice uncircumcised cock that deserves the finest and tightest pussy out there 
3)can offer love and loyalty to a girl because i never loved any girl before
4)have various skills such as cooking and fixing shit which can come in handy
can you explain to me why those things are relevant for bitches? i dont care if a girl is unemployed or employed. Idc if she gets walfare or not. I dont care about her finances at all i just care about her beauty and good soul so why do bitches care about my finances instead of my beauty and soul? because they want to steal my money? that's called betabuxxing and i want nothing to do with it. I want a girl who will love me for free. I dont want a prostitute to tolerate me because i pay her. Thats fake and pathetic.
well said. Normoids absolutely BTFO
That is a negative to women lol - circumcision only became popular in the US AFTER women got the right to vote. They literally get off better from cutfags.
work now so i can work more in the future? i dont see how that would give me pussy
Fine then m suffermaxx if thats your thing
hence why would they help me get pussy?
Because you are not chad? You aren't playing on a level playing field here.
1)am extremely intelligent and i can increase a womans IQ with my educational speeches
A woman's pussy isn't going to get soaking wet because you can explain to her how important quadratic expressions in mathematics are.
2)have a big and nice uncircumcised cock that deserves the finest and tightest pussy out there
Irrelevant
then go hire an escort if you want your dick wet
3)can offer love and loyalty to a girl because i never loved any girl before
So can any other man on earth
4)have various skills such as cooking and fixing shit which can come in handy
So....things anyone can do? With minimal effort?
can you explain to me why those things are relevant for bitches? 
What women seek in partners is security and compotence. Relationships are transactional there's no escaping that fact. A girl will not just love and become intimately involved with you on a whim.
lust and love are not one in the same
r9k is a fucking shit board. the mod who deleted your thread on pol was a female
oh look another one of those fags who was born with a decent face, now he has to delude himself into thinking: 
no, you were just born with good genes, thats all there is to it.
when i take a look at all the men who the women here rewarded with pussy, none of your claims hold any ground. maybe ultra long term, but even then, its not like finding a job is hard. i just dont see any point why i should have one if i dont get pussy to begin with.
do you know what torture it is to come home to an empty house, every day after 9-10 hours away for some work, for years on end? no, because you were gifted with the correct genes.
it wasn't my thread, another anon made it but he started posting porn which is not tolerable on /pol so the thread disappeared
hire an escort if you want your dick wet
escorts dont make your dick wet because the dick is trapped inside a condom. Thats why escorts and condom sex dont count.
So can any other man on earth
most men can offer love?doubt it
So....things anyone can do? With minimal effort?
you kidding? most people under 30 cant even cook an egg, they eat fast food and order from Lieferando, so fucking lazy they dont even walk to mcdonalds 
What women seek in partners is security and compotence. Relationships are transactional there's no escaping that fact.
no they dont. 14-24yo men cant offer financial security but they can get pussy, well a few of them who are chads
i want equality, if no lust for me then no work and taxes from me. Simple A-S
Is that hand yours? Are you a refugee?
If so, you're absolutely based if you are also a robot. Although I'm sure your Muslim family will force you to marry your ugly cousin, or so.
Meh, I was a virgin at 21 and now in my 30s i am happily married. Things can get better.
I'm 5'2 and live with idiopathic arthritis yeah I have fantastic genes retard
my hand looks like brown hand?it is OVER
i wish that i could cousinmaxx but that tradition doesnt exist for white christians so i have to remain a pussyfree subhuman
so did you file for disability or do they really give you $800/mo for not working??
lol this isnt america, i have no disabilities, well except my pussyfreeness but this isnt officially recognized as a disability in this godforsaken shithole. In Suffermany all unemployed people are eligible for neetbux, no matter if disabled or not
i really dont understand the logic:
give up 1/2 your waking hours for $1600/mo
more like
have all the free time in the world for $800/mo
more like
$900 for doing nothing
Is that you or not? It looks brown because of the lack of light, tho.
$1200 for 160 hours work per month
Is that you or not? It looks brown because of the lack of light, tho.
my hand looks like brown hand?it is OVER
Is that you or not? It looks brown because of the lack of light, tho.
Same, since my brown cousin is the perfect slampig, but also she is kind of ugly and our children would be even uglier, maybe.
just be yourself, bro, just get her pregnant. im sure she wants you to get her pregnant?
do you two hang out a lot and are friends? perfect parents!
Wohne bei den Eltern, meinst du ich solle ausziehen, um leichter/mehr zu kassieren?
klar, gibts mehr Geld aber ziemlich schwer eine Wohnung ohne Arbeit zu finden. Alle Vermieter diskriminieren Buergerkings
