God i am so alone in this world. I literally have no one. I have no one to talk to throughout the day. I am a girl. Where are my simps? I'm not tranny, I'm not ugly, especially on some of my pics i look very pretty. I am nice, kind and caring. Then why tf am i so lonely then?! You all are fucking liars who says incel bullshit like all girls have lots of guys in their dms
Probably because your a fucking annoying attention whore.
you will find a simp itt and i hope to god he fucking makes you kill yourself or he does it himself
I will never kill myself over a man lol
Imagine being so annoying and egotistical that even your prettiness doesn't get men to want to interact with you.
then he should do the later and get you bianca'd
I'm not tranny, I'm not ugly, especially on some of my pics i look very pretty. I am nice, kind and caring
If you weren't lying then you'd have simps. Simple as that. You're ugly, have a shit personality and are more than likely a troon. Time to rope!
post your tag here if you really want to find someone
she's obviously far notice she didn't mention weight 
that's assuming it's not just a dude larping
obviously fat*
Im not fat, i weigh 50kg. I have a nice body actually
(s)He wont. It's just an attention whore post. Give him his yous and he will be on his way.
Because deep down like every woman that comes here you are a horrible person that pushes everyone away from you with your self destructive behavior. What brings women here isn't the nerby hobbies. Or very niche interests. It's mental illness.
I've chatted with guys from here before. Most of them weren't interested in me at all. But whatever, they were boring af anyway. Was one guy i liked but he ended up ghosting me
there are more than 3 people here you retard just post and at least 10 will try and get to know you
literally fucking you
Everyone is picky
not me, i'd fuck a horse if given the chance, or may be a dog, but i should be really horny to do a dog
Yeah, don't try to get attention by being sexual, despite what they tell you here, it will probably fuck you up. But making friends is really hard, and gets even harder the older you get. I don't know how to really solve it either, if you find out please tell me. But as for the talking, do you have parents, a relative or someone who raised you? Most parents or grandparents would love a call.
Men aren't. We know we ain't worth shit. Nobody has given us a chance to forget
But as for the talking, do you have parents, a relative or someone who raised you? Most parents or grandparents would love a call.
My grandparents all died when I was young, my mom died when I was young, and those were all the people I had in my life.
Anybody at work/school who's nice to you? You could try talking to them more
