proof that bigdickhavers are volcels
you must be at least slightly above average in other department tho, and ideally black or white in second, if you asian you genetically are the least likely to be big, and nobody will believe you
Another Toronto, Canada success story.
Lmfao. If anything the sexual revolution made it easier to weed out who is marriage-able and who isn't.
Wow who could have foreseen this, shocker
I have a 7.5 incher (I listed it on my profile at one point). The problem is I'm 5'8. I got around 10 matches in a month.
You have to be the full package.
he litterally didn't date a single one of them, he didn't spend a cent, he didn't spend 1 month talking to her.
they matched choose to meetup and within a week they were at his house getting dicked down by his BBC they were so glad of the experiment they always asked for a round 2.
he became so picky by months 2 that he only fucked 8/10 up.
take in account all these women are going to when they reach the wall make a beta wait for 90 days for a hook up. and they will never be as able to satisfy her as much as his bbc do
he is 9 inches, 7.5 is not enough. You need a bbc at least 8 inches and thick or it's over, with a visible big bulge
im black with an 8 inch penis and i get no women cause im ugly
it's over for you nigger, you probably thin dicked, you need girth and at least be average everywhere else
why would you want to date a woman who fucked like 20 other guys anyways?
the girth is 6 inches. i dont post my dick online though so maybe thats why
Same haha i would trade my inches for a beautiful face
IDK i would never date a white woman who touched a nigger but most whores find a beta bux in their 30s
why do whites keep projecting their inferiority complex towards blacks onto Asians?
why would that even concern you? you're angry about problems that shouldnt even be relevant to your life.
it's like me getting mad that people pay money to only fans whores to insult them and denigrate them.
Meanwhile reality
Korean dudes are most popular 
Then other darker exotic Asians like Pinoy, Japanese 
Then white boys
And finally BBC last
then try to run bbc game on tinder, you might get good result, i think you're larping because 8x6 is top 1% for whites. but it may be higher for niggers
