own mom is getting fucked by another guy and son is jerking off to it 
I see more and more doujins like this lately. What is the appeal of it? I can kinda get it when its your wife/gf but why would you want to see your own mom getting fucked? Its not like she is your woman so her sexual life shouldnt concern you anyway
seek out cuck porn
find cuck porn
shocking. truly world-changing
Technically its not cucking because your mom can sleep with whoever she wants
A large portion of the male population is so sexless that they can't even feel pain at the thought of their gf cheating since it's such a foreign thought to them to have a gf, it literally doesn't connect emotionally for them. The only somewhat close female relationship they have in their life is their mom, so that's their avenue to pain, humiliation, and catharsis of self hatred.
I see more and more doujins like this lately. What is the appeal of it?
Self-inserting as the son and imagining your mom being the mother getting fucked.
why would you want to see your own mom getting fucked?
You have the enjoyment of seeing her being sexy plus there's a lot of excitement mixed with jealousy if you see her having sex with someone else. 
Its not like she is your woman
Most guys do see their mom as their woman in some way, either subconsciously or with full awareness.
Drowning in negative feelings is fun. Not my genre but I get it 100%.
overwhelming majority of men across the world are porn addicts, have been for last ten yrs, constantly need shock and escalations to make their desensitized brain respond. 
Producers respond to consumer demand and here we r.
Because your mother is supposed to the most pure wholesome well-meaning woman in your life, her job is to protect and nurture you. Seeing her slowly getting turned into some cheap street meat prostitute for a group of nigger thugs is like the ultimate act of betrayal, the ultimate cuckery, the ultimate inversion of moral values.
Doesn't have to be negative, sometimes it's just fun watching mothers act like young degenerate thots.
Not really, no. Bringing a step-father into your home who doesn't respect you is pretty much the highest (psychological) humiliation she can inflict on you.
As a child or teenager you can't even move out or do anything about it, you just have to sit in your home with a stranger every day. With a gf you can always break up or move out or whatever. As a teenager, good luck securing the funds.
In this situation, you learn early that women cannot protect you. If even your mother can't do it, then who can? With your father gone, no one's keeping the door closed.
We experience this on a national level now, with women in politics. There needs to be a collective "father" in the government.
you just have to sit in your home with a stranger every day
To expand on my psychological oversharing
stranger who struts around your house all day
stranger who eats from your fridge and pisses in your bathroom
stranger who produces step-siblings with your mother to make sure the inheritance becomes diluted (somehow, your stuff partly belongs to his dna now)
stranger who brings all his stuff into your house
stranger who can suddenly impose rules like no online gaming because it makes """his""" internet slower
since I share the dna with my father, doing all this with another man is a direct attack on my father and by extension, me
My mom is partly the reason why I have this fetish. She never fucked my friends but she were always "playfully" flirting with them. This combined with my porn addiction developed into this fetish
Holy shit that feels so fucked up i feel you anon. Wish you the best
Well she didn't watch, but my Indian friend asked me to sleep with her mom in a roundabout way. That was beyond weird.
her mom
So a female friend? She wanted you to literally be her daddy.
I had the opposite experience. Friend's mom flirted with me and now I want other people's mothers.
Yeah female friend. That would be weird though we're the same age.
What do you mean by playfully flirting?
She often complimented them how handsome they are and how they are slowly becoming "sexy young men". It didnt help that she preferred to dress rather lightly and never wore a bra at our home
Mother cuck porn is enjoyed by boys who were raised by single mothers. Probably their first knowledge of sex came from their mom bringing some guy home. Single motherhood is (unfortunately) increasing in Japan lately.
Its not like she is your woman so her sexual life shouldnt concern you anyway
If your Mom fucks your bully, that's pretty humiliating. Maybe even more humiliating than some random whore who decides to cheat on you.
Why single out Japan? Freaks like this are everywhere that's why these things get translated. Japan only pretends this shit doesnt exists and allows it production because their's is a cope society.
https://incels.wiki/w/Cope_society
Why torment already suffering men for harmless faps? Not like sexual assault rate in Japan is anything astronomical.
They are an extremely misogynistic society they actually do feel ownership of their mothers and sisters
Thank fuck this didn't happen to me. I didn't get omni-cucked by a stranger.
What the fuck you are insane. Crimes against women Japan are on par with Islamic shitholes where women aren't allowed to go outside except without some male they know. This is despite their society being very liberal except when it comes matters like foreigners and gays.
young men cant get laid so they develop really weird fetishes from their porn addiction
women most affected
Foid logic
Jap crime rate is misleading they reclassify a lot of crimes also a lot of victims don't report because they are afraid don't trust the police don't think they will be believed etc
Yeah the nation that needs women only cars due to all the molesting and glamorizes pedophilia really is harming men the most oh the poor men
I can't understand human psychology.
Why do you think it's insulting when you tell someone that their mom's a hoe or that you're doin their mom?
Mother cuck porn is enjoyed by boys who were raised by single mothers.
Half are like you say, the other half is raised by prudish moms that their sons have newer seen do anything lewd.
Jap crime rate is misleading they reclassify a lot of crimes also a lot of victims don't report because they are afraid don't trust the police don't think they will be believed etc 
This is a problem in every country and not specific to Japan. Every country has an underreporting problem. I dont think many women have come out saying that it isnt safe walking alone as a women in Japan even during the nighttime. 
Yeah the nation that needs women only cars due to all the molesting and glamorizes pedophilia really is harming men the most oh the poor men
Separated cars thing only proves how much they take seriously the safety of women. There is no proof that similar molestations don't happen in America while noone bothers to introduce separate car. I guess Islamic countries are best for women because they are so good that women don't need any protection laws. I have weeb friend who watches even Nip news and the most headlines in crime section aren't some rapists or even murderers but some weird incel hikki snapping on old and weak people.
you stupid nigger low level bait
they actually do feel ownership of their mothers and sisters
You don't?
