you are not entitled to love and sex
Why does this simple truth trigger incels so much?
you are not entitled to water
Why does this simple truth trigger drycels so much?
Why does this simple truth trigger incels so much?
Because many of them are narcissists.
No one is entitled to anything. The world is just an unfair place.
The cruelty isn't that the world is unfair, the cruelty is the length people will go to "prove" that it isn't.
The core idea of "incel rhetoric" is just that attractive people are treated better. That's not a radical idea. It's only radical in context of a dishonesty that has become ubiquitous.
Not just incels, moids in general. I have been on plenty of dates where a guy has offered to pay, and after he shows his true colors when he tries to have sex. Moids think they are entitled to women in general. If it weren't illegal they would all be rapists. Their primitive and violent creatures.
is that supposed to mean that i should go without? why should others have love and sex and i should not?
Because 90% of women and 40% of men seem to be actually entitled love and sex and get it with 0 actual problem or efforts life-long.
By accepting the meal, you are clearly starting a transactional relationship with that person. I'm not saying it's morally right, but it would make no difference if it were a date between a gay or lesbian couple.
Of course men would rape if they could. In a world where rape is acceptable, the rapists will out-breed the moralists within a generation. If theft were acceptable, no honest business could survive against thieves.
Ultimately, women select for desirable features in men, and vice versa. Pushy and rapey men will only succeed to the extent that it *works* and other women allow it.
You hate men because you're failing to apply a type of individual morality to society at large. I don't hate women or womanhood. Why? Women, like men, are just players in a massive game they have no control over.
Manhood us rooted in violence, hierarchies, dominance.
I dont hate personal men, but I do sbsolutely gate masculinity and stand for onionizing all men.
mmmmm schizo salad my favorite
Love and sex are really, really easy to get. I have no idea what incels are whining about.
I find it interesting how women just live day to day thinking they deserve equal rights. Does it once cross their minds that we simply allow them to do what they want out of the goodness of our hearts? 
People are entitled to precisely what they can get. Nothing more, nothing less.
Manhood us rooted in violence, hierarchies, dominance.
Of course it is. Those are fundamental elements of what makes us human.
Women (and sometimes men) love men because they are dangerous, high-status, and dominant.
Our society could not possibly exist without it. The internet, the computer you're reading this on, the massive industrial system that produces food you subsist off of. These are things that would not exist if it were not for the competition between men for the sake of women.
If you don't like it you can leave and participate in a matriarchal society, if such a thing even exists.
It is cruel. But the truth is this: our society does not exist in spite of that cruelty but BECAUSE of it. We LOVE the cruelty of the system.
You know what doesn't have any concept of violence or hierarchy or dominance? A plant. A fish. A Worm. An Amoeba.
I am not saying that womanhood amounts to an amoeba-hood. I am saying that womanhood without manhood amounts to an ameoba-hood.
human touch is a primal instinct, if you are completely deprived of it it's going to take a serious toll on your mental health
It is not about sex. It is about meaning and respect, which are hard to come by.
The main purpose of long term relationships and marriage is for the partners to validate each other's self-worth.
It should not matter either way. Dogs do not protest for dog rights, and yet we can agree that animal cruelty is wrong. This attitude is merely a expression of your bitterness towards women.
I'm bitter because they are arguing with fallacies, yes. What's wrong with that?
"you're not entitled to sex" is a non sequiter. It has nothing to do with the multitude of problems they attribute to incels.
Should stop going to those kinds of dates in the first place, but womemes love free food and free shit in general.
You are not entitled to women. They are free to decide whom they love. Simple as.
That's OK, my brain is completely fried from internet porn anyways
70% man are not but genuinely asking why women they think they are entitled to chad only
it just confuses me because entitlement has nothing to do with it. nobody is saying they want a specific woman, incels are pointing out biases in markets. it's about societal values and the flaws in them, or sometimes specifically with women. 
"you're not entitled to a woman who loves you" is either saying that society is made up of rational actors with free will, or it's a defensive response to being asked to reflect on lookism and other issues ("ew, stop trying to make me fuck you, ugly.")
Women's right are a luxury. Everything women have they got as a gift from men and it depends on men if they can keep it. Without men to defend them women have no rights because other men can do whatever they want with them. This triggers females in every waking moment.
Because people in general aren't entitled to anything, yet it doesn't stop them protesting for it. Women aren't entitled to abortions. People aren't entitled to welfare. Trannies aren't entitled to hormones. Yet no one stops complaining about what they want. Why should incels not shout for what they want too?
