i had just gotten out of bed
that was an ok sleep besides the scary nightmare i had but actually i woke up before it got too bad, then i fell back asleep
i am excited for another day of amazing feats an adventure
also, hm
i do believe i shall play some zelda 2 right now
such an amazing game
my crt is right next to my pc so i shall still be close by
also, i am excited to play csgo tonight
lole i game overed on palace 2 but is not that big of a deal
also i have not played this game in like a decade the combat is very fun
hm well i believe it is around 8 years to be precise
ohhh i got lost an this game is much too hard for me so maze like
i simply have 1% of the motivation i used to due to the daily consistent constant unceasing abuse of me from dylan / julia / grendel michael hayden an fellow evil normalfags 
however, i can do other things that are less difficult in the meantime
hm perhaps i will try out re4 no merchant later instead since i have never done that
altho i may pwn some noobles in tf2 soon as i wish to achieve my dream of top 100 tf2 players of all time an i am so close to achieving this dream!!!
well, at least well over halfway there
HELLO? ARE YOU OK?
DO YOU NEED HELP?
hm, i am gonna drink a monster nawo, also, perhaps i should shower soon, lole
it has been almost 2 weeks
also, i am quite hungry altho cannot eat until tomorrow, sigh
ehh i should also vacuum my bedroom today sometime since i havent in a while i am just not feeling like doing much
I DONT KNOW ITS DOING SOME KIND OF RITUAL OR SOMETHING. STOP IT JEFF
tis will be csgo time in 52 minutes very very cool
hopefully i make at least 1$ in drops this week, an hopefully i dont get abused in game, that would be lovely
i am hoping my hips an butt dont get as big as my sisters it seems like they keep getting bigger an they already thick as hell but i dont want them to be too thick this sucks
also im thinkin i will queue only office tonight cuz i love office
i havent used vc or headphones in csgo for over a month so i think i will try that out as well
normies are also more likely to be abusive if u dont have a mic because normies dont see any humanity in text, idk why they are so sociopathic personally but tis something i have noticed
so actually using voice would make me much less likely to be abused, however i still have crippling anxiety over it, but im not feeling that bad atm an i can always dissociate or disable vc if i get abused
also next year my hours in csgo may pass my tf2 hours, it definitely wont happen this year
Namefagging attention starved cunt KYS
also i rly need to practice movement on a private nuke map, i have gotten very good at bhop an ok at surf tis nice
btw why do you tripcode?
because the abuser above me just abused me in this fashion similar to many s4s abusers, by pretending to be me of course, i will now use this tripcode in my books to entirely negate this abusers abuse
that makes you a tripfag attention whore
hm, i need a lemon tea at this time, an so i am going to make one!
also my monster was delicious, however it is all drank
im sorry i dont remember making those posts. i dont even know how i got here.. 
i truly do apologize for intrusion 
goodbye.
please don't fall for this, because this other anon got a tripcode first you might believe it's him. It's true that I asked why you tripcoded but I did not make a tripcode myself, just look at the way that I type you can easily tell
mmm this is delicious, i also want to try lots of new kinds of tea, similar to how i have been trying many kinds of monsters an just found my new favorite in my last book!
what a wonderful revelation, i am excited to find new teas as well! i should add them to my grocery order tomorrow most definitely
ever since i got my own house i use speakers 99% of the time, i always forget how wonderful an immersive music is with headphones
now is the time for csgo playing
oh yes
i lost my first office match, i could not carry hard enough
i got a team with 4 people queuing together as a clan, they did not abuse me, probably because i was carrying
got an evil normalfag team so i made them kick me
thats ok tho ill just try again, im used to abusive normalfags at this point
Hiiiii hru
i love tsukumizu
i wish to become a neet like you, i hate working. Any tips ?
i got a drop only worth 1 penny
what the frick
how am i supopsed to afford a 1 month sub to ff14 like this
omg everyone on office tonight is so toxic, they are trying to get teammates kicked lol
but they are rly bad at it
before i sleep today i should totally wash all my dish, glass, silverware
probly after im done with csgo
also i put another monster in the freezer like 30 minutes ago is almost done
mm slushify monster an office so comfy
Good thread. I also apsire to be a NEET and like tkmiz. How are you faring and living?
socially crippled due to ptsd from a lifetime of neglect an abuse
need another lemon tea
also still playin office epic style
hm ill have a water instead i think since i have not had normal water in a few weeks at this point
office queue taking over 7 minutes so im gonna queue for more maps tonight so i can finish my xp then relax
hey man, want to play office with me? im not very good though
probly only a couple more matches
also im very tired
aaa i wanna sleep but still not reduced xp 
also got a lot of abusive normies in my games today but is whatever
just the way of teh world
also methinks i will just sleep all day an not order groceries today
not eating for 2 days is not a big deal an i dont rly care lole, besides, i wanna get severely underweight again , maybe my next batch of heroin will be what finally kills me
yay
just had an office game with 3 ragers an a rly funny teammate that was like the funniest csgo match ever
literally laughing for 30+ min straight that was fun
i need to queue only office like all the time lole
finally got all my xp to reduced
also i have been seeing lots of people in csgo that are from my state recently its very strange, like i have met 3 in the past few weeks, i just met one in a dust 2 game an they sounded extremely cute but i was too afraid to say anything to them....
ill probably stalk them for a while, but, im gonna go to sleep now, hopefully no nightmares this time
im am so confused by this thread
