It's beyond over. I'll never make another friend again.
whats stopping you from trying again? you can do it anon i believe in you
me too, i try so hard to make friends but after a short conversation i get so tired and leave for like a week.
they think i ghosted them, get tired of me and remove me, or just hate me.
i want offline friends.
every time...
I live in a place full of old people. Its nearly impossible to meet other people my age so I've given up on real life.
As for online, I've been trying to cultivate a friendship with someone over the past two months but it just feels too awkward and forced on my part. I feel like I"m to worried about coming off as annoying or clingy.
If you think they don't care about you, try not texting for them a day and see if they check up on you.
If they dont, it means they never liked talking to you in the first place. It'll hurt but its the only way you can really know for sure.
i cant make online friends anymore either. i used to have passions and interests now i look back on it and think they're a bunch of gay shit
I will talk to you fren, i am in the same boat
So you're telling me that no one has ever liked talking to me? 
I'll be messaged first sometimes but 9/10 I'm initiating all of the conversations. I'm inclined to believe you're either a demoralizing faggot or a woman
I'm not a woman. 
Anyways if you're initiating all the conversations (that is, no one ever talks to you first or invites you to anything) it really means they dont care about you. This is not how normal friendships work.
I have experience with this. I've had online friendships and irl friendships where the people would only talk to me if i initiated conversation first. I also have friends now that try to get me to do things with them without me asking.
Its the truth, but if you dont want to hear it, it's not my problem.
really sucks, my one only online fren stopped talking to me not too long ago and i dont know why. 3 years of frenship gone and ill never know the reason :c
honestly, it adds up. this is the last bit of ropefuel that I needed. Thanks I guess
there is some truth to what he's saying, but i just wanted to throw something else in.
these days a lot of people are too afraid to message first because they're scared of being a nuisance. i'm that way, but i love my 2 friends very dearly.
I will talk to any of you, but i am also a retard so idk if youd want to really
I wish I had gaming friends but I can't get along with most people it seems
i have lots of friends from my sports circle
ive kept up with a few friends i grew up with from my neighborhood
im still somewhat friends with some of the people i have lived with in the past... dont see them often but when we do, its nice :)
traveling has made me a lot of friends, really good ones! i guess traveling forces people to socialize or die.
not friends with past college peers
not friends with former professional co-workers
still friends with past co-workers from my old fun weed jobs! lots of them are travelers too!
i made friends with a traveler technicial and hes gonna take me under his wing and put me to work!
god damn formattting
I haven't had an online friend in seven years. I am losing the ability to communicate with anons even. The dementia sets in the moment you no longer have irl friends actually and the disease progresses from there.
https://youtube.com/watch?v=5y-IMvkIjlo&amp;pp=ygUIeGFybGFibGU%3D [Embed]
I did this with all my friends when I graduated high school. 4 have messaged me since (2 years) but I didn't respond to any of them.
It's probably more my fault for letting so many e-friendships fall through but I was never really socialite. It taught me that you really have to make an effort for these e-friendships to last and I just never went the extra mile to try and make them last for various reasons
