Would you ever settle for a tattooed woman?
I love women with some ink
Never. Only mentally ill women get tattoos.
If girls can go on and on about "icks" I can have one too.
I C K
GROSS
EW
NASTY
GAG ME
UGH
BLEH >_&lt;
yuh theyre alright. i think theyre the most interesting people desu
OnIy as friends.
It depends.
Hookup or FWB?
Yes
Seriously date?
No
I hate all women equally. Muted
Tattoos on the arm I don't mind, but random tattoos placed anywhere is ugly. It's definitely undesirable.
Absolutely based
originalIlI
I miss the tramp stamp days
Need a girl with face tattoos frfr
This. Im not good enough for them anyway.
A couple small ones, not covered in shitty scribbles
I have yet to see a tattoo that adds to the beauty of a woman, or a tattooed woman that isn't a slut.
Exactly. There are pretty woman with tattoos, but they would be pretty without them. Nobody ever gets more attractive by having tattoos.
No. Inked girl just isn't happening, I hate the sight.
Funny, I think they are the most vain and shallow.
I like tattoos, even on the hands, although those particular ones are ugly.
My wife has her prison tattoos, I hate it
The Jap style, like a colorful nature scene on the back, is the only one I think maybe sort of looks decent, and even then only for asian women otherwise it's just cringe for another race woman.
My reaction is akin to witnessing an open wound or sore. It's primal and instinctive.
It makes me want to gag.
mauvaise fille
bad girl
la vilaine des bas-fonds
the wicked from the dregs
My dude, those girls really are telling on themselves. All you need to do is listen to them and you'll have your answer.
no tattoos are gross, low iq, and whorish
Only if she has tribal tats. Words and cartoon doodles are cringe. Tribal tats are hot.
that aint gonna wash
huh...snipped tongues like that is a thing?
Would you ever settle for a tattooed woman?
no, id rather die alone
Funny, I think they are the most vain and shallow.
no, that would be koreans. nobody is more vain and shallow than koreans. pic related is what a real vain and shallow person looks like
people with tattoos are just trash-can tier people with garbage retarded tastes in aesthetics. its all so fkn ugly, honestly
I cant wait to get my tattoos aaaaa Im planning to get a sigil one as well as some other styles, slavic, Goya paintings, animals (a swan!) and some phrases that are important to me like What happened in the woods
It's very dependent. If she has tattoos that are tasteful (ie very small like quotes on her wrist or arm) or are cultural/historically relevant tattoos that are also well placed (on the arms ideally) then yes.
Other than that it would depend on the girl and the bad fattoos would be a point against dating her.
Additionally if she has a ton of obnoxious ones like ones that reference cartoons and media shit, it will be a no no regardless of who she is.
gorgeous, perfect fair skin
covered in nigger doodles and references to garbage media she's never even watched
What a fucking shame. Reminds me of pic rel
How can you look at that and not get the ick? Even when they are not trashy every tattoo will fade over time, lines will bleed together and they all eventually look like shit you got in fucking prison.
i don't like women but if i had children it's up to them when they're older. generally uninterested in men with tattoos. 
i would get discreet white ink tattoos though.
make my dick happy but id never settle down with one
moids disgusted with tattoos and face piercings are just closeted AGPs who revile at the idea of themselves getting tattoos
