Isn't it interesting how you hear stories of anti-blackness in Asia, but you never hear stories about anti-Asian racism in Africa? Are Africans actually chill, or is their racism just swept under the rug?
Africans are much too hung up on hating other Africans to devote any energy to hating Asians, or even whites in most parts of the continent.
You may think of Africa as one giant undifferentiated pile of niggers, but to the niggers themselves there are incredibly significant ethnic divisions, many of them with long histories of animosity and mutual mass murder that make the Catholic and Protestant Irish look like tender gay lovers.
Well, china is literally buying africa.
Most CEOs of companies there and higher up government members are chinese.
If you wanted to talk about blacks being racist the only place is america, but since blacks shoot anybody, mostly other blacks, it really doesnt matter
this. they be molesting and raping and murdering within the own families as any other. some black women and men are mentally unwell to where they will thirst after asian and broadly white people's though. then get mad if i say nigger when i call out their slurs. many peoples are fucked up.
t. child therapist/counselor
Do you see the difference?
Africans are racist towards each other and other races as well just as much as everyone else in the world, tribalism is in human nature.
Actually there is no such thing as an African because there are many different cultures and ethnicities that don't like each other for various historic reasons. The idea of African unionism and some Wakanda utopia is just some fan fiction of black Americans that have never actually set foot on Africa and don't know the situation on the ground. Just google all the genocides they've done to each other were there weren't white men involved. Also saw a white vlogger going trough Tanzania and while there were friendly people too, he got screamed at a couple of times, on something along the lines of "Keep walking you fucking albino". Just imagine the outrage if the reverse happened here in a Western country. But back to your Asian-African relation question, have you seen all the mines, stores, infrastructure etc. that the Chinese are building and owning? China is basically putting 3rd world countries in debt for building things like infrastructure, which puts them at a leash around the neck for the Chinese in the long run. They're basically doing neocolonialism. I've seen videos of African workers getting whipped with wooden sticks by their Chinese overlords because they complained about not getting paid or something. I actually sympathize more with the Africans in this situation, their governments are running their own countries and citizens in the ground, while filling their own pockets and leaving their nations at people at the mercy of the Chinese. They're literally EVERYWHERE doing the same thing. I've seen it first hand in Latin America too. Wake up Africans and Latinos, the Chinese don't do anything out of love, they WILL benefit from it at your cost, sooner or later
Where there weren't*
Nations and people*
there have been occasional anti-chinese pogroms and riots in places like angola and DRC
Don't black South Africans utterly hate Indians?
You're confusing black Americans in inner cities with Africans 
Most black Americans are chill most Africans that arent part of some backwards isolationist tribe or in some poor slum are probably chill you get all you information from 4chan
The west doesn't even know what's coming china is building the ultimate.ally to use against the west and Africa is getting the ultimate help to shake off colonialist mindset and control
The blasian century is coming and xi will be seen as the most influential figure of this century
Not an expert here but I imagine writing ability has something to do with this. The only times I hear anything about Africa it's either written by a boer or it's a journalist sent to Africa from a literate nation.
That's because you aren't looking
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1995_Okinawa_rape_incident
https://theintercept.com/2021/10/03/okinawa-sexual-crimes-us-military/
Most black Americans are chill
LOL
This I agree with, I've known some very kind and well-mannered Ethiopian dudes.
https://youtu.be/uzB_-csik3I [Embed]
Something about white Americans and living in close proximity to them that turns people insane if you take an African American who you would label a thug and place him in some not to well off but not war zone part of Africa like ghana youd get someone some whites would call one of the good ones not realizing the irony of whites made African Americans this way with their racial policies and sheer brutality 
You dont rape a woman from a young age and then wonder where her mental problems came from later in life
Meanwhile whites in Korea
Look up Idi Amin. He was so racist that he expelled all Asians from Uganda
Indians in Uganda were lapdogs for the Brits, and treated local Ugandans like "untouchables". As usual, black people did not start the racial tension here.
