On a scale of 1-10 how fucked am I?
You going to be a teacher
Still better off then someone who got a degree in arts or something that doesn't even lead to a career like women's studies or some dead language
Dropped teaching due to flopping out of the student teaching portion. Pure English major
You mean bachelor
Move to a city with a good teachers Union, get tenured, like a 2/10 fucked, either that or be a bullshitting internet writer outcompeted by overseas outsourcing, lastly, a mid case management or similar job that just needs any sort of college
depends on what u want to do with desu I could have a degree in interpretive dance but if I don't know what to do with or don't want to be a dancer its kind useless, I have a degree that is deemed useless by most but I knew what I wanted to do and what kind career i wanted by my freshmen year of high school so its pretty relative to your situation op
Snorlax is the MVP in the first two generations. I love that nigga like you wouldn't believe.
He still hold up strong in the later generations. The dude can learn explosion if you get a specific munchlax.
You can be a teacher. That's about it. Degree is worth about as much as a Chinese takeout menu.
the fact you can't fucking spell Bachelor correctly suggests you're an 11 on the fucked scale you retarded faggot
all the liberal arts degrees are the same, you can bullshit into a variety of clerical and business careers with them if you try.
Snorlax still is well, not exactly competitively viable, but he>>73095974
still gets lots and lots of love
Depends, did you have internships, do you have a job lined up, do you have a career in mind? You can parlay most liberal arts degree into a white collar career if you play your cards rigth.
Gonna keep it a 1000 here, your degree is worth jack shit.
I got a degree in English too. Not just a BA but an MA to boot. Your best bet is to do what I did: fake a mental illness, get on neetbux, and when you do that they'll forgive your student loans.
very good
very deep
999999999999/10
Enjoy all the $40k/yr jobs you muppet
Nigger, snorlax is not even in the dex. Are you fucking stupid?
"Its viable", when? In RBY OU? You fkn casualfag
