What do you rate him
id say 7 but his head is too big
I actually thought that he had brown eyes.
Watching this manchild get cucked out of the first GTA5 No damage run by some random person was delicious.
get cucked out of the first GTA5 No damage run by some random person
Wait, what?
they cheated
idiot
His face isnt perfectly symetrical its slightly... melting on the right side
Balding
Negative canthial tilt
Beard to hide weak recessed chin
Close up showing only his face so i assume the body is fat and hes short
downward tilted shoulders
Massive bushy square eyebrows
3/10
you can tell he's hiding a toddler's face
beardcope is working some magic here
u can't be serious
There is a babyface but not that bad.
this angle takes him from coping basedbeard to possible low-end Brad
never underestimate the neckpill
neckpill
more like chin and jaw pill.
Personally for me as a femcel if i saw that while swiping on tinder i would swipe no on that picture its just my personal preferance thats the point of rating no? 
So you can get peoples opinions on your face not so everyone can dick ride you about how amazing and beautfiul you are even though its not true.
Im sure you can find someone if you get a hair transplant and maybe some plastic surgery you arent completely hideous personally i just find you not that pretty and thats ok not everyone has to find you attractive all the time.
Grow up.
who cares if you wouldn't date him but 3/10 makes no sense at all lol, it leaves no room for fat/ugly people. I'm for sure wayy uglier than him and I'm confident I'm at least 3/10
why are his eyes so beautiful 
He looks either computer rendered or reptilian but a reptilian you would totally let harvest your adrenochrome because hes dIFFERENT FROM THE REST OKAY MOM
I unsubbed from him when he started getting some third worlder to make terrible soiface thumbnails for every video.
If this is a 3/10 I'm solidly into the negatives now.
I'm solidly into the negatives now.
Me too. It hurts to be ugly.
I swear to fucking God I was in graphic design school with that guy when he was 20
