Anyone else unsure of what to do with their life, yet also completely apathetic, like they can't possibly imagine themselves being happy or satisfied regardless of lifepath? 
the fuck do you need to be happy for? It's a retarded idea. You're not a cow, you're not a potted plant, you're not a child or a woman. You don't need to be happy, be motivated. You should have challenging and creative work.
I am in the same boat (4 year degree &amp; neet) but I am 28 and feel the pressure worse now but still don't know what the fuck I am going to do. Every time I try to get a job it feels like torture and I quit. Is there a place for me I can be successful and not want to rope who knows 
If I was 24 again I would probably just goof off again too I'm just a lazy person. I don't deal with shit until life forces me to
Yeah fuck that shit. Career is the worst normalfag cope. Even worse than religion and family. The trick is to get a large sum of money very fast instead of tediously working for scraps. Even a "good career" only gets you scraps, even if you can buy some fancier toys to make your fellow goyim cattle envious.
My best friend is like that and I recently lost all contact with him. Anyway dude, you're fucked, I mean I try to talk about it with him I never could make him feel better or at ease. At least I know that he finally got a job.
The best that you could hope for is just finding a job that doesn't make you kill yourself and keep living
To what end? No one gives a fuck about me or building a better future. I feel like we're living in the degenerate end times of the Roman Empire where everyone had lost respect for the concept of civility, and were just looting the rotting corpse in every aspect possible. 
I wish I knew what to say but I just don't. I imagine myself as a degen doing the bare minimum, even with a gf I wouldn't be happy. I imagine myself as a tryhard trying to have a great career and smoking hot gf, wouldn't be happy. I imagine myself having an ok career and gf, with moderate success and effort, and I don't feel much. It all feels very pointless.
get therapy. you need profesional help
Hmm, if only there was some kind of correlation.
it's not about money, it's not about working some stupid wageslave job, it's not about owning things, it's about having skills, autonomy, and a justified sense of self-worth.
It's literally about having enough money to pay people whenever you need use of one of their skills. You're still autonomous because you're just using them as a tool. Just like how if you needed to fix something, you're not less autonomous because you needed to use a hammer to get the job done. Self-worth is a made up concept. You can just think you're the most awesome person on the planet of literally no reason just by being a narcissist. It's better to have an objective measure of worth, like having assets at your disposal.
Fuck that newage bullshit garbage. You aren't going to "do" anything with your life unless you're a one in a million genius or amazing physical specimen.
GET MONEY. You can cry and whine about how unmotivated you are much better from a well-furnished apartment you aren't sharing with a drug addict.
Your life is exactly as pointless as the thousands of people you pass by on the highway. You aren't special and you will die in obscurity. You can be non-special while broke as fuck or living comfortably, up to you.
My only goal was to get away from my shitty family and school life, and now that I'm past all that, there's nothing left. Like I literally can't see past that. I jut sit around all day enjoying the peace and quiet or constantly replay all my trauma in my head. Don't give a shit about the latest marvel movie or useless gadget.
The point of career is not necessarily money, any job can give money, the point is to fill your day with meaningful action. Meaningful because regardless of your own mood, you are creating something valued by others. And if you stopped, others would feel the loss. Such doesnt apply to any job, only to career of a real professional.
Skills are assets btw.
But having lots of things is not actually objective worth because those things can be taken from you, they were never part of you and also nobody actually values you for having them, in fact you are more likely to be hated for it. You are not "of worth" for anything for owning a mansion, it is merely a tool of comfort for you and nothing of value for others.
