Youre forced at gunpoint to stick your dick in one of these zoomers
Which do you choose?
Id rather take the bullet
the 4th left to right
I pull the trigger of the gun and kill myself.
do you know these guys or something?
middle or middle right
is this toxic masculinity?
Can they fuck me instead?
no sorry fren
holy shit can i have the socials of the right guy
of the hairy fat one..? why?
hes not fat wht he looks cute as hell pls help me out
nothing public anymore :(
aww that sucks
could you pls post more of him then
depends, who are these niggers?
far left, he looks like he he'd be ashamed the whole time but secretly deep down love it
i'd fuck him til he begs me for it
is he fappable? nice trips
this. 4th left from right is cute af
the little latino?
Press the trigger faggot!
Do it!!
DO IT!!!
nice quints. unfortunately now op has to do it.
this gay little latino shoots you over the head
you die
happy now?
Asians are the most effeminate race and make the best trans so I could at least dress up the asian and maybe cum pretending its a chink girl
My ancestors smile at me, faggot. Can you say the same?
i get to elope with a sweaty latino, i win here
that was a little gay anon
Pink swim suit Twink is the cutest so my first pick. I'm still suicidal thought, can I still shoot myself after? Unrelated. I like gay sex
would you still be suicidal if you got to wake up to this latino every morning?
I cant choose, can I pick two
Fine, I can let it slide
zoomer rape bump
blue trunks or pink trunks. i would shoot myself after.
not him but i would be much more depressed if i had to witness such a cute boy every morning and then myself in the mirror.
what if the cute boy loved you unconditionally?
I pick the middle and the one to the right of him, Twink4twink lmfao
my original brother
not 2 and 4?
his love wouldnt solve my problems. also i would find a way to fuck it up. i always do.
latino twink here looks really similar to one ballet dancer that i talked to. i wish i didnt hate myself that much, i had serious shot i think.
lock him up in your basement?
how does one find a latino ballet twink? literally the perfect type
i found him through tinder. grindr is also propably a good option. your chances are higher if youre a twink yourself or if youre a bear. vast majority of twinks likes one or both of these groups. muscleheads and fatties are not that popular. i am pretty twinkish myself at 5'8 and 135 pounds.
I'll take the asian.
i think twink are most beautiful in their natural habitat (among other twinks). also i dont have enough money to keep twink clean and fed.
Second to right most. I wouldn't need to be forced either at this point I'm so lonely I'd kill for a boyfriend. Inceldom had literally made it so I'd be with almost anyone
Idk I'm a pretty easyTwink to take care of, Just need attention
I'm sorry :(( You'll find someone!!!!
why are latinos so perfect ;-;
what are your height and weight twinkanon?
I haven't in 19 years, how will I just find someone suddenly?
5'10
150-60ish 
:3
Im a gay gag u rly think u gotta force me at gun point? I would like 2 fuq dem all
im 5'8 and 135. looks like you have been outtwinked, ill take all twink lovin twinks with me, thank you
