If he can get one why can't you permavirgin faggots can't?
Luck and skill aren't the same thing. Pic related just has a power and nurturing fetish, and he lucked out that she picked him.
We all know she's in it for the money and getting railed by other dudes all the time
This is cope.
No verification required
I had one. She was everything to me. Then I fucked up and now she's gone forever. Most days I want to kill myself, have started doing drop tests in my wardrobe.
Bitch is 100% one or more of the following:
Like there's no way in hell that dude who should've been left at the foot of Mount Taygetus can even have a functioning dick.
Even though this entire post is cope I'll allow it because that's just fucking hilarious.
This is actually just evidence that women care more about external validation than physical looks if anything. Otherwise what does this guy offer other than making you look like a heckin good person for having sex with him (or pretending to i guess lol)
How does a normal person compete with a cripple for external validation?
too ugly and autistic to talk to woman, but my Rizz is insane and I can seduce any girl.
Because she receives some uh.. let's just say "assistance" on the side!
If being sad and pathetic is all it takes to get pussy, I can definitely outcompete 99.9% of guys, including the cripples.
LOL why are you still a virgin loser faggot?
Because he clearly has an endearing personality. Something none of you obviously have.
If she's faking she's very, very good at acting. That lust looks 100% genuine. I think it's more likely she just has a bizarre fetish.
Do you have an endearing personality? Endear me.
least autistic 'bot
i hate myself and my existence too much for anyone to love me.
I'll admit I'm autistic, but I think I can generally pick up on revulsion cues pretty well since I've experienced them my whole life. I don't see any contempt or disgust in any of the expressions she's giving.
What part of permavirgin didn't you understand?
the giveaway is not revulsion. The giveaway is over-acting, with the context being that it's in front of a camera.
The "true" disposition of the woman is probably neutral. Either she is intentionally faking for the camera, or she has "rationalized" her attraction to this man.
Well, that's not how you use the word "endear", for one. And in fact, to do so in this context (as well as your simple asking) is in contradiction of it.
Fair enough. I didn't end up on /r9k/ due to superior social skills lmao 
This is possibly the least endearing thing I've ever read.
The whole relationship is a psyop. They are paying her good money to be with him in order to gaslight dumb incel men such as you OP you fucking moronic faggot. It is high level mental bullying of incels. Society loves to do this. Anytime men get too uppity all they have to do is point to this "relationship" and easily shut down any opposition deflecting blame back on to the men.
It's very rude to correct my spelling like that. You know, you're not very endearing. You should stop acting like such a stuck-up incel for once, so you can get some pity sex from me.
It helps to know what "endearing" is, first. Also, work on your hyperboles.
he's more endearing than any of you guys, that's for sure
You know, now that you mention it, I think you're right. He *is* endearing.
Damn boy, you got dem mad conversational skills. Do you shower? *swoons*
Hold on, I think I'm starting to get a boner right now because he's so endearing.
Hnnnnng
damn that boy is so endearing, i'm like a deer in headlights. I'm en-deered.
you better bring that endearing ass over here
honestly I believe this more than the official story.
I hope you do.
I shower liek 3 times a day
1). That you shower at all (even occasionally) is doubtful (considering where you are).
2). Three times daily is way too much.
This is military grade copium you nigger brain ape lmao holy shit you're genuinely fucking retarded.
I know but I like to stand in the hot water to relax between classes. My electricity bill is getting really high.
I don't know if this is bait, but I think you are a couple leagues more autistic than me because you're just interpreting everything I say in the most literal possible sense. I thought autism was just a meme here
Because you are writing them literally. Your writing is neither skillness nor intelligent enough for any level of ambiguity.
the 'tism is strong with you, I wish you well bro
She is obviously doing it for the camera. She clearly has a social media addiction, yet nobody is suspicious.
Cope is not questioning her motives. Cope is suddenly assuming women are perfect angels because it would mean that you could end up with someone like her.
shes just being nice to him, so she can brag to her friends and strangers on the internet how much virtue she has and how shes better than everybody else.
you can clearly tell her smile is completely fake and internally shes screaming every time she touches that retard. she doesn't want to be there but the social pressure to seem like a good person overcomes that.
behind his back shes definetly fucking black guys, like no cap. 
this retards dick probably can't get hard any way, and if it did it would not compare to a nice juicy black cock. hes white after all.
Another cope post from a permavirgin. It's okay man maybe you'll stop being a loser in the next life.
Digits and genius-level post. Rare for this shithole.
Would you even want this? In the back of your mind, you're always gonna assume she's just doing this out of pity/for popularity. Especially since she has to film this shit. Notice how none of these freak male X hot female couples live a normal, quiet life. They always have to post this shit online so the girl can get clout.
Bro if I get to have THAT girl sitting on my face on the daily, I couldn't give a fuck if she "means it" or not.
Total Chad.
Settle down newfag it's not that serious. He made a funny reference. He didn't invent anything ape.
How would you know they don't exist? If they're living a normal quiet life you've never seen them post or get posted before....retard.
I've got a bit of unique insight here, I have a muscle wasting condition that's fucking me up currently, basically a way less severe and different version of what this guy has, still makes my limbs skinny and I'm pathetically weak, can't use stairs etc, can obviously still walk and live, but it's made me into an absolutely unfuckable monster to women, completely subhuman in their eyes, I actually had a gf and she dumped me a few weeks after diagnosis 
Something is definitely up with their relationship, I dont buy it, she's either a pervert who gets off on his monster baby body/caring fetish, or she's there for the clout and money and occasionally has to do some obligatory sexual activity with him every so often while she fucks other men constantly
Why did God make women so evil, is he punishing men for something lmao, they're comically bad. I guess they're no worse than men can be, but still.
What are the odds she's a female pedo and makes him roleplay as a toddler when they fuck
He was in a documentary or something which was probably seen by hundred thousands of people, it's not that insane that out of those thousands one woman would fall in love with him because the guy doesn't let his disability weigh him down and is clearly a good person, he is literally the polar opposite of a bitter incel. Women like guys with difficult lives who still do their best.
"Ugly guy with a good personality" is not the polar opposite of "ugly guy with a bad personality", anon.
I meant polar opposite in terms of personality. Also he has a decent face and if it wasn't for the disability he'd probably be a chad, while most incels are able bodied but fugly.
Ok now you're just trying to piss me off
I'm not disabled enough that a live-in gf can get caretakerbux, or turn me into a profitable living meme.
They physically can't have anything like real sex.
This, if there's no sex involved it's not a relationship. What am I supposed to be envious of?
^Actual argument for why this thread is kind of dumb (she is an extreme outlier and you shouldn't expect her in your own life).
^Retarded take.
Another proof it's all about the face
retarded bait thread but he mogs me to hell and back face wise my skull is much bigger than his and my cheekbones too also she is prolly just larping and if she is not then he got insanely lucky just win the lottery type shit at most he sis an acceptable incel wich means he might get a gf every 5000 girls he asks out
