25m khhv here. Girl likes me since highschool, but has no chin whatsoever. Looks almost like micrognathia, which I find outright repulsive. To make things worse I have a weak chin too. I would refuse to make children with her as they would probably be born without a mandible.
So I have two choices: stay khhv or be with her, what do I do r9k?
Not every relationship will end up having kids.
Do you really think the people here are self aware enough for this to elicit the response you're wanting?
This is a cope, even the fat ugly girl that doesn't turn you on can find love on tinder as easily as ordering in a pizza.
You could be with her and not have kids.
fuck her so she gets emotionally glued to you
distance yourself and treat her kindly every 2 weeks or so. she will try to get your attention by doing favours to you, like buying gifts and such. you can give her a kiss every now and then so that she feels the need to keep on trying to entertain you. dump her once you get bored
It's called a practice gf
learn some manipulation tactics, learn how to fuck, unleash your rage on her and beat her, see how far u can go before she loses attraction lmao
some of you are evil
why shouldnt he act on his self interest?
it's in his best interest to manipulate an ugly woman into hating him?
its in his best interest to gain something out of it without losing much of his time
her hate means nothing
He is definitely baiting but it's not some of "us". Normies get into "practice relationships" all the time without even realising or admitting it. They ditch their partners the point they feel they can do better and pin the blame of made up crap like emotional baggage or something.
holy fuck why do you all take one different opinion as bait all the time you keks
thats the way the world made us. guys aren't born evil, this is who we become in order to handle modern society and modern dating.
which means it's all women's fault.
I didn't realize how distinct the mandible was until your post anon, I guess that's why archeological skulls are just the top part so often. 
It's up to you anon, I'm 25 as well and at our age we're pas the point where we can be picky about relationships. You should date her imo, to get experience at the last while still giving it a real effort, but just to be with someone at least. An underrated reason many anons are alone is because of unrealistic standards.
