How bad has being a femcel effected your desires?
That's what they look like when they chat you on discord.
heh uhhhh heh uh hehhh heh
uh yeaaa uh hehhhh i have uhh
heh heh
i have a uuhhhh heh aaaa dm to uhh
heh
i have a uhh dm to send heh
sitting on the chair naked is just uncomfortable
Need her..... in my discoard
Do you think they sit on cushions then? A lot say they are bottomless.
no i think they sit with panties on
I wonder if they are modest panties or just cheap ones.
Femcels get so weird and horny.
Who is ruby?
cheap ones of course. they just throw that shit on and hop onto the computer
it's drastically changed my attraction to men both real and fictional
Please, go on in detail.
Femcels
Female celebrity?
for 2d, i like really degenerate dark fantasies.
i mean most women like yandere, so that's not special but i'm also fond of fucked up dynamics involving age and power. vore, gore, all that
for my 3d men i'm only attracted to hardcore otaku hikineets with bad social skills.
hardcore otaku hikineets with bad social skills.
That's most men here. Lucky you.
Age and power dynamics are great. The other parts are Armie Hammer level territory.
It's possible I might actually become a literal femcel, if so I will just continue to love and desire 2D boys like I always have!
That's most men here. Lucky you.
i have my eye out for my future hubby
The other parts are Armie Hammer level territory.
i-it's okay because it's 2d only.
i want a girl who will sit on my face while she plays video games
i have my eye out for my future hubby
Go outside and touch grass, even if your future husband is on 4chan that's a terrible way to meet him.
it's not like they're gonna meet at the library, places like this are the only way for anti-social shutins to meet
i know what i want!!!! don't tell me what to do!!
guys like that don't exist outside!!
Femcels don't exist. The fact that people responsd seriously to these types of threads just shows this board in the gutters. The last bastion against w*men and this too has been invaded by the vile putrid sex.
I want a femcel that is a major pervert after years of fapping to fucked up hentai. The kind that wants to be used hard and craves the abuse. And then we hold each other and I strok her hair while she lays on my chest listening to my heartbeat. Afterwards we order some food or cook something together and enjoy a comfy evening.
I take to sexual tourism to make up for it
not true my desk is more messy and i wear a shirt
Do you wear panties or do you just let your pussy stink up your chair?
for my 3d men i'm only attracted to hardcore otaku hikineets with bad social skills.
here is your (you). just lol, honestly
thank you for the magical (you) that will grant my wish!
Man In The Box#3668
I meed to make femcels worse
hardcore otaku hikineets with bad social skills.
Can you explain your life plan with someone that is a hikineet? How will you afford anything? Have you ever dated a person like that?
Can you explain your life plan with someone that is a hikineet?
well, we both help each other to improve little by little. like going outside and taking care of ourselves. small steps. if all fails we rot away together romantically.
How will you afford anything?
i'm on NEETbux
Have you ever dated a person like that?
i'm trying!
Helping each other to be better is admirable. But why is it such a hard requirement? What about former hiki neet shutins that already managed to claw themselves out of that hole?
i wanna have a femcel gf that's hypersexual and gets weirdly spergy when talking about sex stuff
i once talked to a femanon and she just had random autism moments where she'd just whisper 'i like cum' and then start laughing cause i noticed and other statements like that, she was fun and pretty hot
i guess the neet part isnt that much of a hard requirement. though i would like him to be a hiki/shutin since i'm a homebody too.
i think i'd be willing to try as long as they were patient and understanding with my pace of improvement.
sit on a pillow so i can wash that
That makes more sense. Thanks for clarifying. How would you expect to meet a hiki? They don't really go outside. I think if it's clear from the start that you are working on improving yourself but it might take a while many men wouldnt mind. Since you sre into being abused sexually do you also want them to dominate you?
Would you sniff the underwear of a man you love?
honestly, i'm trying my luck in finding someone around where i live on 4chan and hoping i don't die.
Since you sre into being abused sexually do you also want them to dominate you?
my interests are 2d, i'm not really sure what i want in the bedroom. i think i'm willing to adapt for the guy.
fond of fucked up dynamics involving age and power
Those aren't necessarily 2d only. Can do a lot of fucked up things in a consensual but still dark way. And even the hentai only stuff can be used to rile you up via dirty talking or reading/watching porn together. I would just assume that those interests carry over to real sex too. 
Where are you from and how long have you been looking? Imo there are real nutcases on here but most guys won't kill you. Maybe keep you locked up till you fall in love with them at best.
