i'm literally dating a japanese virgin 10/10 21 year old idol girl and i'm a 31 year old overwight kissless virgin white incel.
all it took was a year of emotional manipulation and she finally met up with me we have not had sex but we have made out and slept in the same bed.
I am going insane. I do not know how I managed this. Yes she's obviously like BDP and stuff but still.
Pic related, she unironcially looks a lot like this
seriously guys just hold out and you will get your dream girl. just say she's your baby and she belongs to you and they melt.
what a disgusting story
I will marry her and she will have my children we have talked about this many times.
oh no anon. oh no.
she cuts herself and I hate it and will probably stab me soon but it's worth it man.
whose chang? you think this girl has a father figure in her life?? Nobody is stopping me from claiming her
It's too late, you'll be banished to the of the yi
Pray sirry games, win sirry prizes birry.
where's she from? is she one of those insane jap immigrants in america?
why are bpd girls never in europe like this.
how did you meet her?
ngmi
man this sucks
you shouldnt be happy about manipulating some weird mentally hill woman who's 10years younger than you
i bet having a genuinely close and non-calculated relationship feels way better
Disgusting groomer
where's she from?
Japan, moved to America yeah, her english is pretty good though. I am not even a weeb which i think she likes.
how did you meet her?
playing amoung us lmfao
I don't like it because it's like a habit and she does not listen to me when she does it. I can not dom her, I tried cutting sympatetically and it didn't work, i've tried yelling and her and she just got scared. I haven't hit her because this is all a larp and i'm not actually the abusive bf these types of girls crave i'm just playing the role.
God shut the fuck up with your shitty bait dude. Post your hand on he ass with timestamp or this is another retarded larp.
I'm happy because I got a GF who is WAY out of my leauge and I intend to keep her forever if possible, if anything she is the risk factor here, BDP girls use men like me. I don't think she would ever cheat because she's very autistic about " putting things in her body" but she could easily leave me on a whim or kill herself or me.
cope. 
Tell her she's the most beautiful girl in the world and then call her whore trash and ignore her for a couple days. it's all erotic roleplay manipulation and it's okay because I only mean the first part even if she thinks it's real.
lurk twitter man, there are lots of insanely hot crazy girls just like this, desperate to roleplay as a baby to some ugly age gap daddy the issue is that they are usually whores. I found one that also happens to be autistic enough to have thought she was an asexual lesbian for most of her life.
how do you communicate with her ? do you speak japanese
also what color are your eyes
Imagine believing this larp for even a second
The IQ of this board is in the negatives
how do you communicate with her
English mostly on snapchat and discord but we called and all that before. Her English is okay, we almost never talk about japan and she almost never says or writes anything in Japanese.
Blue. My hair is blond, I am overweight but not like obease. 5'10". I'm definetly unattractive incel, but i'm not really some monster. 
She honest to god looks like OP pic, her skin is whiter than mine and her nipples are even pink. She's an actual idol girl.
let people (me and op) have fun 
you should loose weight, it's not that hard really
being aryan in east asia is truely easy mode
she's japanese but she lives in America, moved here with her mom.
Yeah i'm on a diet. 
again, this is actually real and she is crazy enough that I can see why she could not hold down a chad BF despite actually being stupid attractive. her being a virgin is what makes her a unicorn but she really needs to stop trying to kill herself. 
also she likes to cosplay and is starting to dress up like a clown. actually a weebs wetdream.
Where did you meet her? Story time, anon.
I kek'd so hard my vision went blurry and I almost fell outta my chair.
on the internet played her on Amoung us -- added on Steam ( after she started having some sort of breakdown in chat and I asked what's wrong / going on ) --- then discord --- snapchat etc.
Obviously I did not even beleive she was a girl at first but did I mention I am a 31 year old incel who is / was desperate to talk to any girl.
I was right place right time. Got her in a vulnerable moment and she wanted to talk / vent and then I talked to her almost every day sometimes for most of the fucking day for over a year before meeting up. hundreds of thousands of messages. 
it helped that I took forever to show my face and she only saw it due to an accidental video call until recently. so she could sort of imagine me as some chad until she got too attached.
gaming in america is something else. I guess this just happens over there.
You know what happens in EU servers? nothing. Nothing at all. Nobody talks, nothing interesting. This is not an option here. It just simply doesn't occur. Simple as. Robots do not exist in NA, it's ridiculously easy to find girls as is evident
It's called a VPN
how often did yall call and video chat?
Actually in a similar sorta situation, curious how you continued and facilitated a relationship.
not trying to be manipulative or anything tho
A year from now OP will be crying about how he gets divorce raped
call like every few days, video chats were rare, like maybe 10 times total. Sometimes she did not want to be called though. usually she calls me. 
it was actually her who arranged the meet up recently, she asked me to take her on a "date" so I drove 13 hours to go see her.
how will that help when they're still an ocean away, will never be able to meet, timezones are a pain in the ass etc etc.
Honestly I just want the time I get and want kids to make it permanent. I'm more worried about her killing herself than divorcing me if I can meme my way into that but I know i'm not getting a happy family life for very long with her no matter what. 
like I don't think you guys understand she looks like one of THESE asian girls. Like she's genuinly model tier and it's insane. I need to reproduce with this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee-YqN2MWNA&amp;ab_channel=%E5%92%AC%E4%BA%BA%E7%8C%ABYaorenmao [Embed]
are you talking like long calls, you like play video games together all night sort of thing? or like just a quick 20-30 min talk?
she's on the other side of the country for me, it's not much harder to need to take a plane, I just used my two weeks vacation to meet her you likely have more.
Honestly she might end up homeless soon if I don't adopt her. Her mom might kick her out because they are both crazy.
usually shorer calls but long calls too sometimes I make her watch sports with me. A lot of it is silence while we do our own thing. Calls also help when she's going crazy and is needy / wants to yell.
We rarely play video games after the first like couple weeks. 
most of the talking is flirting or telling stories of our lives or suicide talk or just sharing memes.
did she send you nudes yet? does she shave? is she kinky? post some pics of her
did she send you nudes yet?
yes ( well no she never send nudes, only naked on video call ) 
does she shave?
No, japanese bush
is she kinky
No, but she can be autistically open about some things, like telling me she has a really small vagina hole. She's kinky in the sense she likes to be abused / dominated / gaslighted etc but i've never done anything like choke her, again we have not even had sex yet, she's weird about it but open to it.
Obviously I don't want to, take my work that she really does look alot like the first pic, like I thought it was her at first.
I bet 10 dollar bucks you are lying your ass off and being a schizo faggot. However, if you are being serious, I am still praying on your downfall and that she turns out to be like that one guy who catfished everyone by pretending to be a woman
L, fail, you lost. GG go next
disgusting
Have you read my post? we've already met up IRL. 
I'm here venting because the pressure is getting to me and IRL dating is different from Edating idk if I can keep this up and if I do I really don't want to lose her. ( like break up but mostly her dying)
I've been largly playing a character, it's hard for to pull off the give and take thing BPD girls crave, i'm all simping.
I like it, it looks good on her. I could probably shave her if I wanted.
Based. My gf is the same but instead of being japanese she is a blonde blue eyed goddess. She cuts too.
One thing that has helped her cut a lot less is saying how prettier she would be without the scars and always making sure that she knows the more she cuts the uglier I'll find her (not really true but it's a good way to get her to cut less)
idk man when mine gets in cutting mode it's scary, it's like a robotic habit nothing works.
You can talk to her when she wants to commit suicide and it taking pills or trying to hang herself but the cutting she's like in a trance.
I've never had her cut IRL...low key have PTSD trying to get her to stop cutting over the phone, nothing could stop her when she gets like that.
You don't do it while she is cutting. You make sure to slowly undermine her confidence in herself by the permanent scars and any healing scars and then tell her how prettier she would be. How sometimes you see other girls without them and you wonder how prettier she would be without them. Then you tell her to stop cutting deep because you want less scars on her and keep fucking with her perception of herself.
She might not stop but she should slow down on the cuts.
frfr on god, my nigga spittin fax
that just kinda fucked up dude
just straight manipulation
but i guess its for a better outcome for her....
if she really does look like that you need to take good care of her and get her preggo
So you are dating a ghost...Cool.
she's really white for an asian girl and probably will soon be a ghost yeah.
you should feed into it and start drinking her blood
i'm literally a niggerfagggot too!
I want to greedily hog her breast milk so she gets scared the baby will not have enough.
Thank you. I try very hard to be a good manipulative bastard.
