Am I a volcel if I refuses to date out if my race? I grew up in a white country and mostly white city, Ive read HBD blogs for a few years now. However Ive never been able to find a compatible black guy. Every time I ask normie a for dating advice Im told to give white guys a chance. But that makes me so sad and bummed out. Like I lost 
t. Black femcel
MBDTF
College dropout
the life of pablo
graduation
yeezus
808s
late registration
ye
donda
jesus is king
W or L?
black guy here. i dont like black people desu. They are toxic bullies and have no wisdom or honor save for a few like myself. Feel free to give your pussy to white men all you want. I'll stick to asians
white and black women about black men
mmm i love the BBC
white and black women about white men
i'm not fucking a pink dick ew
black men get all the women, white men get none of them. asians also get all
What traits would make a black man compatible with you? As a black dude Im inherently reluctant to tell you to date out, but if you can't find what you want with us then you might have to. You don't want to waste your youthful looks (or fertility if you're interested in reproducing.)
I've, thankfully, been able to date and have a couple of decent relationships with black women. However, if I was stuck in an overwhelmingly white country I wouldn't be against dating white women.
Is your main motivation preserving your African genetics?
BMAF and AMBF is such a cute pairing
L. Kanye has always been cringe
Fencers aren't a thing stop being a chad sexual. Also fuck black women as black man I'll never breed a black woman
I meant to say femcels but auto correct
Asian men make for great study partners and coworkers but I dont want to interlude a half blackout kid into a hierarchical system. I know how Asians treat fellow tan Asians and I wouldnt want that for my potential kid
I saw an AMBF couple at a dim sum place in nyc two days ago. They were feeding each other dumplings and giggling a lot. Was adorable.
What are HBD blogs?
Just keep putting yourself out there for guys
I dont like the implications of being in an interracial relationship. I dont like the idea of being fetished or being the odd one out. I want to be normal and treated with love. I hate how white liberals flak down to black people and white conservatives are a no-go. I dont like the stares of the contrast. Sometimes I think I would have a better love life if I was more ambiguous looking.
I dont think that matters in the us
Human biodiversity. Look up Steve sailer or west hunt
Ah, I see. You seem to be too high-IQ for your own good. If you're serious about getting a black man you're compatible with you probably have to seek out the high-IQ STEM type of guys. You can find them mostly in coastal cities. Have you tried online dating? Maybe you can find luck on there. 
Also, try not to give credence to the people who'd stare if you were to date out; they dont matter.
I sincerely wish you the best on your dating endeavors.
Black men in STEM and other high earning fields prefer nonblack women. I guess I should just be celibate. A self aware negro is a terrible thing
Also, yes you would have an easier time dating if you were racially ambiguous. As you know, the closer to white you appear the more appealing you are; generally speaking. It sucks but it's true. It applies to men too. As a dark-skinned black men I struggle loads with dating, but like I said in my first reply I have lucked out with some black women in the past.
Some do but not all. I'm a guy who is getting into Tech now. I have friends who are in STEM and most are with black or racially ambiguous women. The older mentors that I have who are extreme high earners are with black women. So don't think it's all. Just make sure you're in decent shape, and put yourself out there.
take the Anthony Fantano pill
Anthony Fantano
No wtf
Its over. Kill yourself
Built for BBC and securing the existence of the black race
I have had black e-gfs. They were really nice.
I'm just not attracted to dark skin. I grew up in predominantly white neighborhoods, very few of my friends were black. My mom is black but she was hardly in the picture.
I might detest the part of me that's black. It's not a true hatred but a mild disdain for most black people. I think that developed into a sexual preference for light skin. 
Idk why I'm posting this. Maybe it's funny how despite being from similar circumstances our minds diverged so much. 
You refuse to date outside. I refuse to date inside. 
t. Lightskin
Have any light skins reciprocated interest in you?
There were two who had a mad crush on me but I didn't reciprocate. One in highschool and one in my junior year of college.
They weren't my type, because not only were they not as pale as I am but they were chubby as well. 
I matched with a lightskin girl on tinder last month but she was extremely ratchet. I find hoodrat personalities to be extremely disgusting.
