Guys, take the dildo pill, it feels so much more intense and better than fapping
feels so much more intense and better than fapping
Way more intense, oh yeah, better than fapping, debatable, but anal play is may more inconvenient than fapping
t. had an anal orgasm last night
It is possible to achieve a prostate orgasm via external stimulation. Doesn't feel as good though imho
There is literally no greater high in this world than completely fagging out on top of a dildo (or even better a prostate massager) while high on drugs. Your eyes roll back, your mouth gasps and moans, your body writhes in pleasure, your brain goes blank and only thinks about being as much as a gay faggot as possible. Those who know def fucking know.
i've been trying for years and i can barely feel my prostate
can confirm. I only use mine as a buttplug and it literally leaves me panting when cumming. it's nice feeling it move up and down as my asshole contracts and expands. it vibrates but I don't use that at all because the vibrations make it almost painfully uncomfortable and makes my anus numb and prone to causing damage because I feel less
it's the only way I can cope because I can't find a cute femboy or trans top to fuck me
The best thing is the feeling of knowing it is about to happen (second best is getting an erection from prostate massage alone). It seems so crazy when you feel that it is working and it does work- like you unlocked a cheat code. You feel like a total faggot in your post nut clarity and have to clean shit from your asshole off the object you used. Those are significant downsides. Still, you all must try it at least once
Want to but I'm stuck living at home and would never have the opportunity to actually use it. Bought a lovense edge and while it feels amazing, I can't cum just from using it. Had it up my ass from full charge to flat battery and all I got were these mini orgasms where a bunch of precum would spurt out and then the feeling in my prostate would drop but it wasn't even an orgasm.
Shoved something up my ass and fucked myself with it and it took maybe 5 minutes to reach the brink, but then it's like I'd lose control of my arm and my ass would tense up and "eject" it right as it was about to start.
also this is all while I fap. I can't just cum from anal play only. wish I could
Yes, just having your asshole contract and spasm (and feeling it) on the inserted object when you jack off (both feelings simultaneously) is next level
You have to do everything manually and listen to your body anon. Change rhythm as necessary. Focus on the feeling in your ass alone
have to clean shit from your asshole off the object you used
You don't use an enema before prostate play? Gross
not him. i got an enema today. i noticed when i didn't put it in far enough and squeezed, there was an uncomfortable flow of air, like farting inside of me. when i realised it's probably air and I needed to push deeper, I made a bit of progress. I have some questions or need assistance.
-what solution do you use? I used just water today. saline solution was like 20 pounds off amazon and i thought that was silly.
-the nozzle doesn't go in all the way. what's stopping it from shooting out? I spent ages trying to push it into the bulb until it wouldn't go in anymore and trying to take it out requires a lot of force, but still, there's not safeguard to stop the nozzle flying off the bulb and shooting into your butt? Ive heard a&amp;e stories about fags with the weirdest things stuck up their ass and I don't want to be one of them.
-am i really messing up by doing it standing upright?
-does the water in the bulb cool quickly or did I just mess up with the initial temp? because it was cold inside my ass
all in all, it was weird pissing out of my asshole
I tried fingering myself and i felt nothing because my asshole is too loose. Fapping doesn't even feel good either because big pharma took my fucking foreskin.
Its legit over.
Peak actual faggotry to prepare your ass for ass fucking sesh. Disappointed anon
