Is there any place left on the internet for actual lonely men to talk about how they feel without being ridiculed this place has been invaded by normies
Wizchan. 
You're retarded if you think 4chan isn't just normies, it's one of the most popular websites in the US.
it's one of the most popular websites in the US.
no its not. you think we're anywhere near snapchat, instagram, facebook, etc?
those aren't websites they're apps
People who don't behave ridiculously seldom get ridiculed. Think on that.
talking about how you feel to other lonely men on the internet isn't going to make you feel any better about anything in your life, its kinda pointless man.
why would you sound so proud about such a retarded opinion
I'm serious. You are probably an idiot without realizing it outside of your incel problems.
IRC, gopher forums, use net groups.
being serious about something so stupid doesn't make it any better anon.
ridicule is merely aimed at people who violate social norms. like how people often ridicule foreign accents, it doesn't have to be actually ridiculous or idiotic in any way
Dis c is > D5DuY8nk I promise to gatekeep properly,
/r9k/ - Incels Trolling Incels Trolling Trannies Trolling Incels
Nope I'm here to ridicule you and teach you a lesson.
I don't care about fixing the problem at this point I know I will never have friends or a girlfriend so it's just nice talking to other people with same problems
That retard is literally doing the exact thing he is complaining about, probably just farming (You)s for his tranny discord. Autism is a hell of a drug.
Facebook and Twitter are still orders of magnitude more active than this site. Almost everyone has heard of them, but plenty of normies don't know what a 4chan is.
you need to make a change bro anon
just lifting wont do it
i was a lonely anon and nutted up and made a family itll fulfill you
Why does talking about loneliness here usually devolve to women hate though? Surely you all want to feel the touch of a woman. Maybe there was even a woman you thought was special to you. I'd like to talk about how mentally fucked up we are that made us blow our chances at love. I think us lonely men are all secretly romantics. I think we have great stories to tell.
incels.is
byebye
I don't know how to "make a family" I can't even hold a conversation for longer than 5 minutes with most people some people just weren't meant to make it and that's okay
I don't hate women, I hate simps. Women are just enjoying an unearned (most likely temporary) power trip like anyone would in their position, but on the otherhand, simps are not only enjoying their cuckold status they are actively trying to force other men to be cucks to and prolonging it.
