Remind me why we hate him again? He made the world walk a day in the life of us incels. He made roastys and nrm0ids kill themselves en masse over not being able to socialize for 3 weeks. The Coronavirus era was the greatest time in human history to be an incel NEET subhuman mongoloid. All largely thanks to Dr Fauci. 
If you ask me, Fauci is the closest thing there is to a living god.
Why would I want wagies to stay home? I'm gonna be a NEET regardless and stay home and smoke pot, but society still needs peasants in order to operate, even I can understand that. I don't want the economy to crash, we need law and order to maintain our NEET lifestyle.
3 years later and still not dead from "le poison jabberino!!!"
let me guess, by 2025 I'll start seeing the symptoms right? just 2 more years?
Women literally killed themselves because they had to spend 3 weeks with limited social contact.
Seeing normal fags reactions to loving like us for a few months was really telling they literally got depressed because they couldn't go to work they were BEGGING to go back to work
they literally got depressed because they couldn't go to work they were BEGGING to go back to work
that was basically just boomers dude, most people below 30 were pretty happy to live at home.
They literally started killing themselves at the 3 week mark, see >>73098452
The bitch should have enacted permanent lockdown. I mean there's all sorts of communicable diseases we can spread. Why risk it?
I want to walk down empty streets with no cars, no dogs, no screaming kids. God, it was beautiful. I'd be a hermit tomorrow if I could get a good internet connection in the middle of nowhere.
They should really have stuck with the sex ban. Sex is dangerous AF. Sex needs to be banned in order to prevent the spread of deadly viruses and infections. Ban sex. Now.
sex is ok just make sure it's doggystyle!
Yeah and put a bag over her head or something. I forgot what their retarded guidelines were. Stuff like 'no kissing' LMAO. It was like a roastys wet fantasy come to life.
