XY chromosomes
Tender and submissive 
It never began.
I'm a sub male. I hate it.
Masculinity is for beta faggots. Shrugging off the burden of civilization is based.
Can't fit in anywhere. Too feminine for a male friend group. Can't be with women for obvious reasons.
I want to be manly
i just want a boyfriend that can dominate me. but i also know i have to literally become a giga nigger in order to survive in this world.
There are ways to be masculine without having an aggressive bravado, take up a male hobby like fixing things or fishing become a mature outdoorsy handy man type, girls like thoes i think
if you dont have an aggressive bravado, you get shit on as a male. men instinctively respond to nigger posturing and behavior. being king nigger is the only thing other men will have respect for
Just admit that you're gay
Buddy, if you would give that femboy a ducking, you're the homo here
Depends on your friend group also this attitude lessens with age
I'm basically a repressing tranny too afraid to take hormones. I am not masculine at all. 
I'm alone in this world. I have no friends. 
This shit is depressing, I'm sorry.
you can take them and still present as a male. i take them. im on a low dose so feminizing effects arent as strong, but my test is still repressed so i wont get more masculine.
Do not be gaslit by descord perverts into thinking you're trans you dont need to act like anything. Disregard everyone else's opinions, choose what you want in life and pursue it. Friends will happen if your a fun person to be around but dont mould yourself for other people's benefit
Im assuming your a zoomer, my generation used drink and drugs when we wanted to be different people
Friends will happen
Not when you're a sperg. My mom pushes me to go out with her friends' kids but I just don't fit in. I feel like an outsider. I don't understand how people just "click" together.
I feel like an outsider
Everyone feels like that, stop beating yourself up. What do you do for fun?
i will never use drugs or alchohol, they're way more degenerate.
All I do is lay in bed and post on this site.
I thought of getting a motorcycle but I cannot pull the trigger on it. My mom will yell at me "You're gonna get yourself killed!" and it's such a long process to fill out paperwork, get insurance, and get the special drivers license as well as classes and shit.
Strongly disagree, drink lessens your inhibitions your less self conscious, you might do stupid thinks while drunk but so what thats growing up. Messing with you body with hormones just makes you submissive
If your over 18 you need to live your life for yourself, get the bike and use it to bond with other bike guys
