Can you imagine a girl exactly like this saying "Black Lives Matter" slowly and sluttily as she stares into your eyes, inbetween sucking and licking your tiny little white shrimpdick. How long do you think you would last before you spurted all over her face and in her mouth.
Why are they doing this to us? Blonde femanons. Answer.
you realize nobody gives a shit about your cuck fetish, and porn addiction right?
Why do so many white women indulge in it then?
Femanons. Is this the kind of thing that actually makes you cum?
No women cant cum from anal and black men are the least attractive men. This is just shit tier coomer fetish material, not reality.
Fuck you anon, it was almost a good thread
Ok virgin
Hilarious.
Says the white male.
Nice projection
Anal is pretty much the only thing that makes a large subset of women cum. It puts intense physical pressure on their vaginal nerves and often induces explosive orgasms that apparently often blur their vision they are so intense.
Im a white girl but ok, whatever helps you cope. Only white men have this fetish retard. Women are not into this shit.
Prove it. Didn't think so. Another white male pretending to be other demographics online. Sad.
Coomer moids are some of the stupidest people ever.
Wow I would rather use the part of my body that is actually meant for sex instead of damaging another. Shocker.
U sound like a massive fucking retard. Also post your cunt or stfu
Pimeyes says no faces identified. AI?
You will never make a man happy. You joyless cunt.
How should I prove it? If your Asian you really dont have to do all this, I already prefer Asian guys over any other race but I see you guys make these bait threads constantly.
I just wont date a porn fried man and there will be no issue. That simple.
Timestamp pic. As long as there's no face it's not rulebreaking.
You are clearly a white male. Nevermind.
Even if I would have only seen her face, you can instantly see her personality. Women like this only look good if they wear makeup.
ugly feet, snake face, her tits look fucking gross like what is with her skin there?! I am actually pretty happy that she chooses blacks over whites because of this.
Some women (and men) enjoy anal because it is NOT physically satisfying.
Paid by Jews
Blacked is fascinating
Like the perfect nexus of cuckoldry and beastiality
I probably wouldn't last for even a minute desu
Betrayal is like crack to foids forreal
Most of these women aren't paid by anyone. How does coping change reality?
Based as fuck. Contacts? Asking for myself not a friend
I posted a fact.
She probably also has 3 kids already
