how do manlets cope with the fact that their bloodline is destined to wither away?
serious question btw. i honestly cannot understand being a short faggot then cooming in a short cunt and letting her have a child. being a manlet in 2023+ is similar to having stage 3 cancer. i have seen many and holy fuck it feels good to be 6'+ 
i cannot understand how so many of you still live despite realizing things will never improve. and why the fuck do you absolute degenerates want to have a gf for? just to create another manlet and have him suffer like you did? pathetic..
Same with chads that procreate with short women.
Holy shit, I qualify to be a sperm donor. Best news I've heard all day.
People are genetically becoming shorter
I don't care really. Bloodline is a myth and you have hardly any traits in common with a great grandchild.
I cope by not caring about the world and its future. You tall people and Chads can have it, good luck with it! I, on the other hand, will end my reincarnation cycle after my death and will join the eternal light.
Basically what im reading from this is I have all the selected for traits except me being overweight. Time to lose weight. As a side note I do think that coronary artery disease is selected because people with healthy to high testosterone and at higher risk of getting heart disease.
i am afraid to inform you that you do not feel anything after your death because you are physically incapable of doing so. the good news is that the average human lifespan is very high and only getting longer which means with modern technology you might make it to 100s+ 
bad news? you will always be an ugly incel manlet. i would advise you to rope yourself just in case someone decides to prolong your life (read: extreme suffering) as an experiment
Not very noticeable.
you do know guys with picrel stats are the biggest cucks on earth right? 
their wives be paying manlet druggies spics like me to spit in their face while i stretch their holes but nice cope hahahahah
this post is the biggest cope on h
earth
based gnosticism enjoyer
I feel pity for reductionist, materialist fools. May your third eye awaken, one day.
lol this retarded requirement doesn't exist in my country. The whole world isn't as height obsessed as muttland
what if a tall handsome guy swapped his jizz with ann ugly manlets and caused a ton of women to unwittingly give birth to ugly manlets
zzzx og
everywhere is not a westernized cultural shithole (yet) so non western men still hook up with non western women for now.
