Daily reminder, foids. If you are in a friendly relationship with men, they all masturbate to you and want to fuck you. No man ever liked a foid for her personality.
Can confirm. I was in a near fatal car accident and spent a total of 3 months in the hospital recovering and my childhood male friend decided to tell me he was in love with me right after I got done talking about my fear of possibly being disabled for the rest of my life. It's why I dont have male friends anymore.
If he were a Chad, you would have spread your legs happily here and there, disability and all
Chang* I prefer asian guys.
No man ever liked a foid for her personality.
Yeah we know, can you stop claiming women are more shallow than men now?
No, because while men are attracted to looks, they at least dont filter by height and genital size like foids do
genital size
Do you see how many moids think a woman with a large labia means she is a whore and would only date a girl with an innie?
Imageboard incel meme that doesnt exist IRL. While women do care about penis sizes irl
That's not true at all. I am far more likely to jerk off to a woman if I find her personality exciting than if I find her boring.
takes a life lesson to not want male friends
men never wanted female friends in the first place so can't relate to what you're saying kek
think a woman with a large labia means she is a whore
lel, pic related
and would only date a girl with an innie?
if I could pick it out beforehand? sure, but that is simply a preference in looks
Height and genital size are evolutionary necessities
Partially true but there's also girls that aren't sexual to me and I don't have any ulterior motives when hanging out with them.
But I guess the message is either sex-zone or friend-zone, with a 90/10 split. An actual, genuine friendship with a girl is something I haven't experienced.
height is but genital size is not a factor.
Objection!
I specifically masturbate to people I know because of their personalities. I can find hotter bodies anywhere on the internet, but it's the "realistic" approximation of their actions to fictional erotic situaations that I find interesting.
No man ever liked a foid for her personality.
I have very good friends who are girls who I would feel weird being anything more than friends with. They are like sisters to me, mostly because we have been friends for practically all our lives and our families were very close.
