why do you hate lesbians?
I don't hate lesbians
I love lesbians, I wish I had lesbian friends. Being friends with a girl with zero pressure to ever fall for her sounds nice, and we could be wingmans for each other.
Who hates lesbians?
Almost 100% of the porn I've used over the years has been lesbian porn plus I like yuri anime.
If I hate you at all it's because I didn't get to be you.
I'd like to tongue kiss with a lesbian
Hate is too strong a word there. 
I just have no use for them.
Too female to be really a friend since most will still make your dick itch whenever things get too close, yet they are usually too mentally deadset on being a dyke to make it worthwhile pursuing them as woman
Two posts before cumbrain retards is not terrible given the subject of OP and this website
very simple
because they are women
To my knowledge, I don't
That's hurtful, anon. Cumbrains have feelings too ;_;
Troons hate lesbos because they won't validate their delusions of womanhood.
Everyone else just hates lesbos because they're obnoxious SJW karens.
i hate them because some bisexual girls like me and the lesbian always try to cock block me. ive had some very cool lesbians friends tho
It seems like there's a lot of "lesbians" or "bisexual" girls who are still Chad-only, it's just that they like being "quirky".
The ones I've known were either insufferable cunts or not actually lesbians and just emotionally damaged little girls with the bodies of women that just need male guidance in their life but instead got brainwashed and are just tortured and confused.
The malicious and destructive impulses I get towards the LGBT and the emotional pain I purposely inflect onto them when the opportunity arises is very similar to what I'd imagine one would feel as the bashed the skull of a zombie in with a blunt object.
A sense of pity, a sense of remorse, an understanding that you're breaking and hurting a human being, but an understanding that it's no longer a human like you are and what you are doing isn't something you enjoy but something you feel you need to do for your sake and those around you haven't yet been infected as well as some form of cathartisis.
The LGBT is a cult that is literally going after children. Lesbians are usually one of the lesser evils personality-wise, but they're very effective at turning others and making the LGBT cult not seem so bad or unreasonable.
what if a lesbian is just some woman who may be polite and kind-natured but happens to have a genetic affliction that makes her exclusively attracted to women? would you bash her head in like a zombie if she had no involvement in the agenda?
I hate women so fucking much (don't care if they are homos or heteros)
i hate lesbians because they buy into the trans agenda, and apparently Im a bigot because Im a biological woman who wants to fuck another biological woman and not a delusional man who thinks that he can just put on a dress and makeup and "identify" as a woman.
Its fucking over for lesbians who want to fuck actual women. transwomen have taken over the gay community overall, and if you try to find another woman in dating apps you have to dig through profiles full of men in the gender equivalent of blackface.
You're God damned right I would. It's not about right or wrong anymore.
I'm an appreciator of trannies (speaking as a guy), but not the kind that look like this:
Unfortunately for lesbians I think the cute trannies are more often the ones into men.
The balding men in dresses chris-chan type should have stayed male or at most maybe they could take hrt but not dress up in public.
i am curious, what do you bring to the table that would enable you to avoid your hypothecial culling that homos dont have? is it just a religious thing?
I do?
Since when?
Yeah. Like this tgirl is the kind I think is hot, and she's pretty different looking from the Shadow Temple enemies in that lesbian Bumble webm.
I think more people would be cool with trannies if you didn't have those late life transition balding Chris-chan's or psycho Dylan Mulvaney trannies making the rest of them look bad.
Now post a video of him. With no careful posture, lighting, effects, and his real voice.
A picture speaks a thousand words, and in the case of troons every word is a lie.
That one in your pic looks bad in both top and bottom.
Do you have an example of one who looks good in one pic and bad in the other?
Not religious at all. I'd say my spiritual views are more nihilistic than anything.
I take care of my own, I am part of my community in small ways, I am willing to die standing for what I believe. I don't go around shoving what I believe in everyones face and I stay around children and believe children should be allowed to develope mentally and be allowed to think what they want.
my issue isn't that some kids are gay, my issue is that they get exposed to so much LGBT propaganda before they even understand what sex is.
if you poofs could just be gay, and not take things to a psychotic levels maybe you wouldn't generate such a psychotically geocidal response from hateful monsters such as myself.
I don't, my sister is a lesbian and I accept her.
