Woman are absolute raw pure unadulterated evil.
Life is unfair. That's ok.
It's true. They're even worse now with all these toxins and their severe lack of nutrients
has someone ever laughed at a gift you gave them?
That wheel of cheese is worth more than both of these cunts
This pic sums up women. They don't even try to be mean or cruel, they are just unabashedly selfish. Women being the more empathetic sex is one of the biggest myths, really they just have a nurturing reflex, other than that they just do what makes them feel good with zero concern for how it affects other people.
You know, I was on suptv watching "twilight" the other day, the vampire romance movie that used to be big back in the 2010's. 
My theory is that women just cheat for their own amusement. They think their life is like a movie, like one of these romance movies where the protagonist is going on thrilling and interesting relationship adventures all the time.
You can't let the relationship become boring and stale. Men are the same way. Maybe not on an emotional level, but on a sexual level at least they get bored.
It's not about the , it's about the narrative. Neither men nor women have an interesting life story these days. Romance and personality is completely commodified due to mass media.
Somewhat true, I think the narrative justification is more activated if they get bored. I think honestly what it boils down to is that women simply get bored. For most of human history, literally survival was the biggest priority and constantly a pressing issue. Without that, people search for meaning and/or pleasure. I think it's really as simple as women tend to cheat when they get bored. I think that's why shy women tend to cheat less since they have higher baseline stimulation, so they're less likely to get bored of their partner, and are more anxious/afraid of the consequences of cheating since they prioritize stability more. Same reason women with huge bodycounts are more likely to cheat since they are low baseline stimulation and/or not well mentally. It's not a coincidence that the most anxious women tend to be the most insistent on monogamy, and that the more aggressive, low anxiety women tend to be dismissive of and rationalize their own cheating behavior. Neither is inherently good or bad you could argue, both just seek emotional homeostasis, and they get it through different means.
ye tedpill basicially we live in a society and whatnot
the girl posted again saying she was still dating the guy
obviously damage control silly.
I guess so, really it's just that they get bored and cheat because they can. Sometimes the answer is really unsatisfying and depressing.
How much is 12kg of cheese worth
12 kg cheese = my heart
Depends on cheese but its a 100 dollars minimum.
No, they're like cute sexy angels
If that was cheese from his farm...Then that is such an absolutely thoughtful and amazing gift. Poor guy getting dragged by these stupid cunts.
i mean, let's be honest here... unless you're a die hard skyrim fan, getting a cheese wheel as a gift is pretty damn strange. what were they supposed to say?
There's some good girls as well as some good guys out there
Foids can only ever be nice to their offspring. Foids will NEVER love a man the way he loves her.
the amonut of suffering that the cheese wheel caused in that pic is really insane, and the guy couldnt care less about the suffering of the cow and her kidnapped and killed child
dont go calling others evil if you cause needless animal suffering
This one eat too much churros in heaven, didn't she?
Bro if someone gifted me a wheel of cheese I'd be honored. Food is a luxury.
simp you will there shit and drink their piss if the bitch said some nice virtue signalling shit to you
That's called flirting. Those women are down to fuck.
Veganbro, you're the best
That is a weird ass gift. More so giving anything on a first date. That said it makes you memorable and it work for him. 
They have been engaged since late 2022.
Anon it is possible that they are just laughing because it is random. Not maliciously. Just genuinely tickled. Maybe a bit of cloutchaser motivation involved like lol this is so crazy I bet we will go viral for sharing this 
but
Just wait until you see how evil men are. It truly gets so much worse than cheese.
That cow looks happy. What a dumb post.
Cows in countryside live a chill life in the pastures.
If this is true that's lifefuel. It's so funny seeing how much of r9k dogma is complete bullshit as I get older, at least it would be if it wasn't painful too. This place is a black hole of positivity and happiness, so many people here are living self fulfilling prophecies of misery. Fuck r9k
Humans were killing each other for fun back then as well. Ted is a bit crazy. Check some of the skeletal remains of ancient people, a lot of them have weapon wounds to the head or chest.
I hope le quirky faggot who gave them that wheel of cheese cringed to death. Not likw other Women tier behaviour.
I've never been gifted anything
Not even on your birthdays by your parents or whatever friends you had?
Whatever women are, men are too but worse
if a man gave me 12kg if cheese from his farm I would marry him on the spot
You *do* know that not only did the kid sister keep dating the farmer that now the older sister is also dating a dairy farmer, right?
Right?
Cheese is really expensive
