can you imagine how much genuine confidence and self-esteem you'd have if this whole society did nothing but gas you up, compliment you, tell you that you're important?
can you imagine how massive of an ego boost is it to have dedicated simps that worship you? 
simps that spend years pretending to be your friend, complimenting you, taking rejection over and over, all because of your genetalia?
the gap in lifestyle between me and a pretty female is larger than the gap between me and billionaires
chad gets to feel this way all the time because women are obsessed with his tall height and handsome face.
Yeah I can imagine it cuz I live it lol. Being Stacy sure is great. I love to come here to have a good laugh at what the bottom of the social ladder is like.
Even ignoring all of this, imagine how much more confident you'd be if you weren't insulted for factors out of your control, and there wasn't social shame and a stigma around being a virgin later into your life.
Fuck all that. I just wish my dad would be proud of me no matter what.
You can either whine about this, or realize that all it takes to set you apart from other guys is treating them normally. Simps are a dime a dozen, they have no utility to women, so they treat them like shit. If you actually want a women to like you and treat you well, give her a novel feeling no one else can, have some charisma, or at least treat her normally instead of simping like a little bitch.
I don't want them to worship me. I want them to worship God and repent.
no you retard simps came about because treating them normally didn't work unless you were extremely tall and handsome genetically. 
moron idiot retard. jesus you are fuckin stupid.
Are oyu actually this retarded or just baiting? Simping came about as a byproduct of desperation. Soft harems and desperation for average guys have become so common, that now simping is common just to get a drop of female attention. Women have massively overinflated egos because of the desperation soft harems have created among the majority of the male population. If you just treat women normally, that is now unique, better yet if you have charisma. It's literally never been easier to get laid if you're able to step back form the mess of dating in 2023 and see what's happening from a macro perspective.
i knew a guy in college who girls thought was attractive, and it blew my mind how he was treated. when i hung out with him and walked around campus, girls would constantly come up to talk to him, smile at him, say hi, and laugh at everything he said. it seemed like every girl had a crush on him and he often had the problem of choosing girls and not wanting to hurt girls feelings for turning them down. it made me wonder how differently i would see life if i experienced it like that.
You can either whine about this, or realize that all it takes to set you apart from other guys is treating them normally
first of all, simping IS the norm. its normal and girls expect it. most feel entitled to is, and it feels weird to them if they arent being showered by compliments, and if they had a problem, dont have someone to go to that will coddle them
second of all, females dont need you, and dont care. you are INVISIBLE to them as an average man. you think they care? they already have simps to boot their ego and make life easy for them, whenever it gets a little bumpy. they couldnt care less about you, they chase the same chads
so they treat them like shit
mgtow uglycel thinks ignoring females is making him an alpha
LOL. unless they have reason to actually care for you, like they have feelings for you, you're not even interacting with them. you are just +1 to the list of guys she doesnt care for. and trust me, her list is LONG AND EXTENSIVE
Simps are a dime a dozen, they have no utility to women, so they treat them like shit
WRONG. simps get to interact and be around the girl they simp over, experience her air-boune hormones and smell, which they value very highly
If you actually want a women to like you and treat you well, give her a novel feeling no one else can
or at least treat her normally instead of simping like a little bitch
dont you think this a contradiction?
may i suggest simping doesnt actually get you girls? its about physical attraction, being dark triad, and being nt
moron
stfu delusional religious moron. unless ur some kind of deist, you cant reasonable defend revealed religions. i bet you eat meat too. i cant stand that shit, dont moralize to me
If you just treat women normally, that is now unique, better yet if you have charisma
COPE
dating in 2023 is absolutely brutal
it doesnt matter how much charisma pic related has, or if he treats women "respectfully, but like a alpha male, and normally". none of that shit matters. dating right now is about LOOKS and nt and dark triad
Simps are a dime a dozen, they have no utility to women, so they treat them like shit
oh, and i forgot to mention
holy jesus you are stupid. simping has huge utility for women. its gasses up their ego, they have a friend for help that cares when they feel down,
how is that "no utility to women"?
imagine if a girl did that for you, for years, because of your genetelia? imagine how much better and easier your life would be. compliments on every steam screenshot shitpost, or girls wanting to play with you, or complimenting you, or sending naked pics. your ego would be out the roof
holy fucking SHIT you are stupid
simping IS the norm
That's my whole point dumbass, it's supply and demand. If you eat the same food everyday, even if it's good, eventually you won't like the taste anymore. If you make yourself a rare food that tastes good, women will flock to you. 
Typical low charisma cope, instantly saying only looks matter. Also I never said dark triad behavior can't work, even if you're a genuinely kind person girls like a little bit of that. My whole point is that simps are so common that women don't value individual simps at all, even though simping itself has utility to them. Gas is essential for the economy to work, for people to get to work etc. However, people don't give a fuck where they get their gas from since there are tons of gas stations who all offer the same product.
