Why do "Bisexual" women feel the need to constantly prove how bi they are by bragging about how much pussy they get and constantly going into graphic detail about a sexual encounter they've had with another woman? Like, am I supposed to relate to that because I'm a man and I enjoy pussy too? It's fucking uncomfortable. I'll literally be on a whole ass date with a woman and she'll just go on a tangent and graphically describe how she ate out another girl because she thinks that it makes her cool and quirky. And I'm supposed to sit there and pretend like it's not making me wildly uncomfortable because she did it with a woman and not a man and I'm supposed to be all "HAHA XD SIIIIICK BRO, YOU LIKE PUSSY TOO! THAT'S AWESOME!". It's fucking gross. I'm convinced that most "Bisexual" women are literally just larping and using that shit as a personality trait because they think it makes them cool and different. It's extremely fucking cringe, and only goes to make me hate women even more.
You said it.
Its just another woman tryna be different
Woman moment. It's all so fucking tiresome.
women are annoying
it's a power trip thing. those women are a small sample of the dating market, they tend to be bpd.
Bisexual
Non-binary
These are all synonyms for 
I am sexually aroused by attention
So just the usual vaginakin bullshit
I've experienced this too. Like many things it's due to with insecurity imo. They know that the women they can attract are beautiful, and they also know that averagecels like you and me could never sleep with said women, so they can validate themselves by (humble)bragging about it. It's post modernism, late stage capitalism tier shit basically.
They want to feel special without actually being special, and nowadays the hip and cool thing among womenfolk with sub-90 IQs is to claim to be some flavor of LGBT. 
Nearly all the time they're just regular heterosexual women but will claim to be bi or asexual to feel more special, non-binary if they really want to feel specialer than their peers.
Literally who cares. Dumb faggot you understand why they're doing it but it still makes you mad
