You can't post your faces but can you guys post your cocks?
No, don't want to. That sort of stuff is meant for a loved one. But even if I did want to, I don't have a monster energy can to use as a size comparison.
no, because im a grower and dont feel like getting hard for a pic
No time stamped tits, no cock. 
It is easy.
No that's only for my future wife.
GUYS HELP what is wrong with my cock
I don't know, that looks like a big, healthy cock to me, anon. It's not giant cock though.
i could post my face through the anime filter app thing
i look handsome with it
good heavens!
That is one large nugget. About the average KFC order for a regular sized person I would say.
It's magnificent, isn't it? No wonder asians love it so much...
They do get huge, I forget the breed of chicken it is but I don't think most people eat them. I imagine once a bird gets that big its meat starts tasting more like turkey.
Scratch that, found the breed. It's a Brahma chicken.
It looks so dumb, I like it.
His head is empty, his brain is smooth. Only happy thoughts. Chickens are actually fierce and cunning predators, don't let their appearance fool you.
the sad thing is I could eat all of that pretty easily. actually my dinner the other day was literally 4 mcdoubles, 2 apple pies, 4 cans of peace tea and I ate it with disappointment that the mcdouble was so small (don't usually eat mcdonalds, it's pretty shit).
i am a fat fuck and 30lbs above where I should be kek
What's that like 3.5k calories? If you ate nothing else and you work out that might be managable still.
peace tea is 150 each so 600
mcdouble is 390 so 1560
apple pie is 270 so 560
total is 2720 so yea not 3.5k but a lot, it was my meal for the day though but still kinda fucked and I think I'm gonna sign up for the gym with my friend because I'm getting uncomfortably overweight kek
That's not that bad of a day calorie wise. I'm on a 600kcal deficit and I eat 2.4k calories a day, granted I also work out but still.
Hmm how do you even calculate what your burn rate is to calculate a deficit?
NTA but there are calculators online for that stuff.
Online calculators. Do bmr.
https://www.calculator.net/calorie-calculator.html
I'll do it if someone gets dubs after this, or I get dubs
Post skinflute
Anon...
Wait wtf, Okay gimme a sec
I didn't think I'd get dubs right off the bat
yes, also rope troon
As promised
why is it so dry, it's like a piece of beef jerky
That's the unfortunate result of circumcision.
holy mutilation batcock
Yep... Lotioning it sometimes helps but not always.
You can thank my dad for that, from what I understand he managed to circumcise me personally.
thanks for the pic, you've proven you have honor 
btw remember to put moisturizer on it before going to sleep
You have my condolences. I was in critical condition when I was born, if I wasn't then I might've been circumcised too.
wow i thought the jews got me good but god damn they really took your pleasure bud away
Thanks for the reminder anon, I'll do that now since I'm about to take my sleep meds
wow, they absolutely massacred your pp
do americans really have dicks that look like old man skin?
why are you asking i thought you were the expert
look not to fedpost or anything but you should definitely kill your dad someday
Foreskin restoration. Start today. Ten years from now you'll wish you started ten years ago. Stop washing your dick with soap, just rinse well with lukewarm water, and cover it with lotion every night. It's not too late.
I have posted my cock inside a pussy but the jannies took it down. Talk about severe jealousy issues. It was probably the same jannie that was stalking me
I think you have schizo issues
i would but am uncut
This is my old cock and im about to rub one out.
circumcision is so gross...
Are you the Jannie that stalks me and deletes my pics?
pencil dick
short dick
