don't show face
Scared he will stop talking to me when he sees how i look
Think he only talks to me because of how i look
I just can't win, can i?
don't face
How am i supposed to get a perfect e-bf?
mask on fuck it mask off
You're not ready for relationships yet. Unironically stop dating and work on yourself. The road you're on leads only to misery.
t. the guy that actually loved a girl like you and not just her face
just kill yourself at this point. or actually go and date a real person
huh? wtf is the point if you dont even want to exchange pictures. you might as well talk to a chatbot. shouldn't the goal be to keep moving forward with things like this until you meet irl or something?
I'm already miserable. What should i work on? 
Why would i date a real person? They are boring and we have nothing in common. Talking to guys irl is stressful
I got ghosted by girls who told me they spent weeks crushing on me after they saw my face. Just be grateful you can find love easily
NTA but what do you do to improve your appearance? or do you do nothing because you think there's no point.
I have clear skin, I'm lean and not bald. I just need bimax surgery, maybe chin wing, rhinolpasty and maybe jaw fillers/implants as a finishing touch. I'm also 5'5" so my face has to be very good
Idealy yes. It's all so tiresome. Will it ever work out?
he's gonna hate you anyway in the end unless he's a fucking worm who likes treating you like the child you are.
You figured me out :/
Should i just kill myself?
Find ways to make your life enjoyable without relying on other people. This doesn't mean to isolate yourself either. Make friends and have fun. Then, once you're already doing good with yourself and others, start dating. Relying on a bf to save you from your miserable existence will not work. It'll be hell. Same things apply to all the incels complaining about >tfw no gf. Bf/gf is not a solution. Been there done that.
Look, it's your inbred face and your 0 charisma.
Maybe not online, but I'm saying outside, it obviously has an impact and it's also incredibly important on dating apps
inbred face
I'm actually slightly inbred lmao but then again, my siblings look fine so it's probably just being born unlucky
Doesn't exist. Face > everything
I can't tell if this means you're good looking or not
It's intangible but it's very real. Women love Jack Black and it's not for his appearance.
do you think you look nice? or bad?
are you catcalled often?
Eiether way, rich and famous people live in different realities to us so there's no point comparing ourselves to them
i was on the opposite side of this situation, same as op, and agree wholeheartedly. just save yourself the pain and try become content with yourself first. very few people are truly willing to be in a relationship otherwise
But this is what i do :/
I don't really enjoy talking to more than one person. I don't like having a lot of social interactions. Having friends is awkward. Why can't i have 1 person to shower with love and attention and get the same in return?
I don't mind being lonely, i just hate the lack of physical touch and not having a partner to spend time with.
Probably average. I'm not sure. I don't go outside much either
I will probably always have self esteem and mental health issues :c
we sound super similar, especially down to preferring to talk to just one person. it really is just a matter of repressing bad feels and trying to have faith in the other person i think. idk, i havent been successful either
Yeah i always doubt it. It usually turns out my doubts are unfounded but that doesn't stop me
