This was the most robot movie ever made
I'm surprised it got made at all considering the current political climate
there are plenty of other BETTER incel movies even a movie by phoenix himself called her. get better taste in movies you brainfuck
Oh you mean the shitty taxi driver ripoff? Totally bro.
forgot the king of comedy ripoff!!!!!
Even that piece of shit BR2049 was a better robot movie than this flaming garbage.
King of Comedy and Taxi Driver were both superior movies because they realistically portrayed the protagonist as partially responsible for his own issues. Joker depicted the world as so cartoonishly evil that it was impossible to perceive Arthur as anything but an innocent victim.
no this is some cringe ass movie that "explains" the completely unnecessary backstory of the joker. the plot is just that the clown gets his ass kicked a lot.
it will never be kino, fuck off
TD also had a more positive overall message. Joker was like a shitty incel fantasy written by someone with 0 life experience. So yeah, perfect for this board.
Yes. It's eternally /our/ movie.
That's literally the way the world and nrmgr0ids are though. Have you ever actually been outside?
Believe it or not you were actually the target audience
Are you fucking joking? Do you think people like Arthur don't actually exist? That go through their entire lives being severely abused and exploited and manipulated and blamed for everything under the Sun while just trying to be a nice and friendly person. Jesus Christ dude you're so fucking oblivious like all the rest of them. It's like you creatures aren't even fucking sentient. Complete lack of self-awareness all the damn time. 
Serial killers. Schoolshooters. Schizos. They all end up that way because the daily grind wears their patience into the dust and they go fucking postal. 
Arthur said it best. Y'all get what you fuckin' deserve.
plain movie for a plain state of mind
makes sense i guess
there is better incel kino out there my man
There is no incel movie that actually panders to the incel and allows him to enact his fantasy and revenge. There is no incel movie that paints the nrmgr0ids as totally irredeemable monsters who deserve everything that happens to them while still making you feel deep sympathy for the dude who goes postal at the end of it.
I just can't see Joker as a sad manchild with mommy issues. I get that it's supposed to be it's own thing but I just can't do it.
You're deliberately oversimplifying my points. Yes, the mentally ill are abused and mistreated. But the mentally ill are also not innocent angels; many of them are fucking assholes. A realistic film, like Taxi Driver, accurately portrays this; Travis is cast aside and mistreated by a cold and uncaring world, but he's also deranged and obsessive and causes many of his own problems.
Yes. Many. Not all. So why is it so wrong to depict the instances where mentally ill people who are treated like dogshit are actually good and decent people driven to psychosis and violence. Which CAN and DOES happen. A lot.
I just don't find the execution very believable. If Arthur was victimized by a mere handful of tormenters, that would make sense. But in the film the entire WORLD is out to get him. Literally every human being he comes across seems hellbent on ruining his life for no discernible reason. That may appeal to robots' victim complex, but I think it's an exceedingly rare situation, if it even exists at all.
No you just don't want to acknowledge that those instance occur within society and that how people treat others does actually have a direct impact on their mental health and future behavior. Because you want to pretend that all the times you've bullied others and punched down on them and treated them like shit has had no impact and that you're blameless if they harm others or themselves because of that someday. 
Basically you hate this film because it makes you feel like the shitty human being you are. 
Idiot.
Literally happens. I swear to God I began to feel like my life was the Truman Show but some nightmarish horror version of it where I simply could not believe people were behaving towards me the way they were for absolutely no reason. Particularly whenever I got a job. 
Now I never went postal. And I never will. Because I lose more than everybody else when that happens. But I can totally understand why people like Arthur and others do.
Anon, I'm posting on /r9k/. I am a 27 year old KHHV. I have no friends and haven't for well over a decade. I am balding, ugly and autistic. I'm graduating with a useless degree and will probably be only sporadically employed, if that, for the rest of my life.
Now that you have all of this information, can you please stop imagining me as one of your bullies? I assure you, I'm not.
I don't get this argument. Most films are about exceedingly rare situations or people. Those are interesting and compelling. Normal, everyday humdrum situations and experiences are not compelling. Why would you make a film out of regular everyday scenarios and encounters?
I will never understand this argument of 'this rarely happens in real life so why make a movie about '. 
Landing on the Moon rarely happens in real life. It's actually an extremely rare situation that a fractional percentage of people have ever actually had any involvement in. 
So would you find a movie about the Moon landing uncompelling and surreal and unbelievable and ridiculous due to that?
Maybe you're right. I've never experienced anything that severe but I'm also a hermit so maybe if I put myself out there more often I would see it.
Honestly a fair point and I knew it was the weakest part of my post but I was too lazy and tired to edit it before posting.
Yep. I used to think reality wasn't as bad as r9k makes out too during my hikiNEET early existence. I guess I had memoryholed school or written it off as kids being kids. 
Then I got a job for around 2 years when I was in my early 20s and... Jesus fucking Christ. The schoolyard literally never dies. 
Kids never stop being kids, they just get smarter and more subtle about their cruelty. It's unbelievable. 
I'm convinced humans are inherently evil and rotten due to their sociobiological nature.
What amazed me was the audacity. I would have people constantly insult me and belittle me and try to humiliate me and get under my skin and I'd just ignore them. They had the audacity to complain about me not laughing at their insults. They literally confronted me about not laughing at their constant outrageous statements towards me and insults and verbal abuse. 
My boss basically threatened to fire me if I didn't start laughing at the verbal abuse. He of course didn't phrase it that way. It was all about 'not fitting in' and 'not gelling with the team'. 
But what he meant was crystal clear. 
I mean that's tip of the iceberg stuff really. But yeah.
Humans really are cretins. It's their sociobiological nature.
Who has that edit of the scene with his therapist where he talks about how he wants society to reflect the way he feels in side
Everyday I hope for societal collapse so the world can reflect how I feel inside
Didn't read the thread, but
Joker is an archetypal character, a mythological God of mischief and mayhem. He is the Find Out to our Fuck Around. We summon him through our collective misdeeds, together. He is both real and not, inhabiting dreamspace, appearing persistently in art and scripture throughout history. His role is to destroy liars, crooks, weasels, predators and anyone else who strays too far from the Path. By their own methods he destroys them, for those who live by the sword shall die by the sword. 
Because he lives within us (Jung refers to this as the Shadow), we all relate to him strongly one way or another. It is not advisable to disregard the messages of the Joker. It is also not advisable to embody the Joker in full, because he always gets the last laugh. Heath Ledger played him too well.
GAMERS! IT'S TIME TO PLAY!
Honestly? I think him non-chalantly leaving the Subway after inciting chaos is the best scene in the film. It isn't unrealistic, condescending, flashy or otherwise dramatic, just him walking away while police officers rush to the scene of the chaos had he had just unleashed.
The moral of Joker is that literally anyone could have helped him but they couldn't even have someone pretend to care for money
Right. But take away guns and there's still the desire to kill. And many ways to do so. Look at all the mass stabbings in China or Brazil or other countries. The mass vehicular manslaughters. The arson attacks. 
Guns on their own do nothing. Guns in the hand of someone with a deep desire to harm society as a whole? Catastrophic. But so is a car. So is a knife. So is a match. 
American society seems uniquely dehumanizing, particularly for those at the bottom of it.
It's like Taxi Driver but bad. Just like how r9k is wizchan but bad.
People with victim complex who relate to joker make me cringe. It is not that everyone is out there to get but the fact that society grants them their supposed wish and leaves them alone. But it's not enough for them because they are those nerds who seethe Chads and Normies who didn't bother or forgot inviting them to the grand party they had. These people don't want to see themselves happy but other people sad.
I don't think any movie will ever come out that could top the emotions I felt coming out of the theater after seeing this for the first time. It was the first piece of media outside of anime that I could truly feel a sense of connection to. Saw it four times in theaters, love it.
reminder that even the normalfags that aren't actively involved in your abuse will take part in gaslighting you about it
See
You aren't entitled to the company of other people and most robots aren't bullied but just disliked because their stuck up autistic ways.
Yep. This. I've been gaslighted by doctors, therapists, family, friends, strangers on the Internet... just about everyone honestly. Same buzzwords. Same canned phrases. Same useless faux advice everytime.
If social darwinism is the road you want to go down then fine but then Arthur's actions were entirely justified
Overrated. Not saying it's a bad movie but fuck me do people worship the damn thing.
Noone treated you like "shit". Everyone just left you alone. Why do you think you are entitled to be have associations with other people? Change yourself instead of asking the world to bend. Most of the people here weren't bullied but were just ignored. How is it "social Darwinism" and I might be the most pathetic loser of you all saying this but it's important to find the fault in yourself instead of blaming other people.
Why do you think you're entitled to your safety and your life?
damn if only there were some call out of this attitude within some sort of movie
Maybe this sociopathic mentality is the reason people don't want to associate with you.
Sorry dude you are not hiding any bitterness behind your nerd beta fake smile.
Crazy how normalfags can say the most blatantly absurd and untrue things and not give a shit because they're the normal ones and what they say goes 
It's an argument of moral rule by force, the exact same one made by mass shooters
NTA but wow this is a new one. I've heard a lot of normalfag excuses before ("my school had no bullying!" or "you should've stood up to them!") but claiming no bullying happened at all is a new low. Very creepy of you too. Having a hard time facing how you treated people or something? Also, pointed exclusion and recruiting other students to exclude you as well IS bullying.
They're sociopaths. But as sociopaths they still care about social status and appearances and so they have to try and put up this thin veneer of attempting to justify it. 
Prod that mask just a little though (like pointing out the problems with their justification or calling them on their bullshit) and that mask will come slipping right off though and expose the ugly, demonic faces underneath as they turn their malice on you for threatening their social status and reputation.
Not wanting to associate with you isn't "pushing" you. You became bitter because you wanted to be in a party noone invited you to. Now you blame other people for your own inability to introspect and change. Peak victim complex.
Never said bullying never happened but most people here weren't bullied or were even marginally berated.
Did that happen to you? It doesnt happen to most people? People have their cliques and they mind their own business. You can't be bitter if people don't like you,its on you.
Yes, it did, people throwing stuff at me, refusing to work with me or sit with me, spreading rumors about me, ruining any friendships I did make, pretending to be my friend then fucking with me, just real socially fucked up shit. I had to change schools once. It wasn't just one or two kids this was dozens of people that wanted me DESTROYED for no reason other than that they thought I was a weird kid and they didn't like my "vibe"
I've never seen a normalfag introspect about anything. Never do they ask if they've done something that justifies the way I act towards them. It's a concept they plain don't believe in.
The truth is they deserve the occasional kick in the teeth and those who give it to them are blessed.
Well sucks that happened to you but I have never seen bullying of this scale in my life despite going to "rough" schools. I dont think the frequency of this problems lines with the amount of edgelords that relate to figures like Joker or Trevor.
You aren't going to achieve anything reliving your trauma to these scumbags, anon. They get off on it, and will just turn around and either demand more or say something along the lines of "oh well too bad but I don't actually care". Don't fucking dance for them.
Why would you have been paying attention to what kids were doing to the weird kid you didn't give a shit about? Like you said people keep to themselves
Absolutely insane assertion to make, decades worth of archived threads stating the exact opposite. Think about what you're actually saying, it's ridiculous.
This movie was ass but you get what you deserve some ass
Because I was literally the loner kid with no friends or bitches. Noone ever brothered me or people like me. The most they wanted was no association and it has been everywhere I have gone. Infact most of the people that were fucked with were the ones trying to shove themselves into the social circles. Most of them succeeded while some of them didn't. It's all about introspection.
Thats 1/100 anons and most of it can be sensationalised bullshit written for reddit upvotes. Bullying and abuse has become for people lurking here like what rape is for women,it's like a badge of honour.
This is all your argument boils down to, a baseless assumption. The only way you can defend your argument is complete denial of others experiences that don't conform to yours, which is a ridiculous position to be in and validates your opponents claims. You lost this one bud.
It's personal experience vs personal experience. Bring out the statistics on severe bullying like you mentioned because most people would agree with me.
How do you know for certain they were never bothered? Are you omnipotent? Able to observe all situations between students at all times in all places? I bet you deadass ignored it happening in the classroom right in front of you because it was happening to kids uglier or weirder than you and you didn't give a shit about them
How do you know for certain they were never bothered? Are you omnipotent? Able to observe all situations between students at all times in all places?
We had weird system where we kept getting rearranged into different classes every year in the school. Things never changed.
Bold of you to assume there was anyone more pathetic than me. I am just saying that it's a live and let live world for the most part and people who get out of their way to torment others aren't your typical jocks but sociopathic people with broken families most of the times. Life isn't American high school drama.
This is getting really weird of you, dude, just admit you couldn't have possibly known what all of your classmates were going through. The ego on you is insane.
You think bullying that severe isn't hard to notice? We even had the most lenient anti-bullying doctrine where teacher sidelined kids beating each other in front of them because boys will be boys. Maybe stop having this bleak view of the world man. Life isn't television or Netflix.
