these fucking college courses ask for an 80% attendance requirement how the fuck is that reasonable i can't skip more than 6 classes or im out and they're all retardedly boring and stupid WOW
good point. you should probably stay home and play League Of Retards or whatever. you are strong, you are independent, and they will give you a degree when they realize "hey anon isn't attending our gay ass classes i guess we must be faggots". you got this champ
why even go to college at all if you're upset that you cant skip all your classes?
Be grateful it's not 90%.
Just say you have a job anon, and using the money for tuition. I feel like they could be pretty understanding.
Lol being a full time student is pure cuckshit.
you should call the dean and tell him you want to be able to skip more classes and see what they do lol
All educational institutions are designed with the PRIMARY goal of securing employment for instructors. Actual education is a secondary goal, and takes place only to the extent that it serves the primary goal.
There are a vast number of classes (and in non-college education, entire grades) where attendance literally is not necessary for anyone with a high IQ. They could hand you the textbooks and call you back in six weeks and give you a test, and most high IQ students who so much as cracked the book open would test as well as anyone who attended every class. (Unless the instructor purposefully crafted test content not reflected in any of the course's supporting texts.)
But admitting this, or allowing too much evidence of it to accumulate, would undermine the primary goal of maximizing instructor employment. So attendance requirements are created to make passing the class dependent on providing a function for the instructor, rather than on learning the material.
admiring these quads. well done.
quads of truth. gotta drop out now OP
is that really that fucking hard? it's fucking college. just shut the fuck up. either go or don't and fail. you're fucking choice
pointless attendance checking, its your money youre wasting in the end. all that should matter is how well you score on coursework and exams
Norway
STEM
no attendance required
how hard can it be to only skip less than 6 classes? OP is either quadriplegic or a retard
college
attendance
buddy you're not in a college, you're in a retard daycare. i hope to god you are not paying for that shit.
Haha, zoomers are so stupid. Our species is so fucked. I love it.
kek'd. OP, did your parents tell you the special helmet was just part of the uniform?
I think it's funny that you have been brainwashed to go to classes that are "boring" and probably based on attendance/participation, rather than a real university, but when I see you retards blocking the road to protest "oil" I want to bash my own fucking skull in. What is the problem? Why don't you want to learn to be an adult? It won't get better.
