Do you have any particular fantasies about your political opponents?
Are you willing to love, date and marry someone with a wildly different worldview? like atheist x theist, radfem x fascist, anarchist x socialist etc. 
Do you imagine discussing your views at lenght in a spirit of loyalty and dedication so thorough that you can say anything and it won't damage your love? 
Or keep politics out of your lifes? 
Or would you like to dominate and convert your partner, or get dominated and converted by them, surrendering your worldview, dignity and integrity for love and affection?
My boyfriend is a conservative Chinese nationalist. He doesn't hate white people though, obviously considering he is dating me, he just mostly hates on other asians. I am an American feminist (I agree with radfems on a lot of issues, but I wouldn't classify myself as one). I frequently try to get him to understand my POV, but he doesn't budge. I wish he could open his eyes more to women's issues, but it is sexy that he stands firm for what he believes. I think he is lowkey into raceplay though. He frequently mentions he cant wait to get me pregnant and see our child come out looking asian instead of white since asian genes are dominant.
That is... interesting. Hopefuel for me. Did you first fall in love and start to date, then realize he's a nationalist, or first got to know his views and fell in love anyway? Is it possible for a girl to fall in love with me even if we disagree a lot?
Also the muh dominant genes idea is bollocks, your children will look like a mix of you and him.
I mean beliefs are one of the less important things in a relationship.
Sexual attraction has nothing to do with beliefs.
I mean, a lot of people have a visceral disgust against some beliefs. Or maybe it's just internet paranoia and people are much more amicable irl?
that's only true for casual dating
beliefs and values are the most important thing for a long term healthy relationship
I didn't know he had these beliefs until getting to know him more. Luckily for him I have had unrestricted internet access since I was 14 so things like racism don't bother me. You would have to stumble upon a non normie girl for it to work most likely. 
Also the muh dominant genes idea is bollocks, your children will look like a mix of you and him.
I agree with this. I have blue eyes and hope our children get them, as well as have his black hair. Would be an incredible combo.
How tall is he? that's the only problem. If you're both short, so will be your kids. okay for daughters, but please don't make a new Elliot Roger.
He is 5'11, I am 5'2. All of brothers and my dad are 6'1 and above no clue if that actually has an impact though.
I like the idea of slowly turning a liberal or even rad fem girl into a person with more traditional views. Also if she gets more and more misogynistic over time. I just love the corruption aspect. Getting her to shit all over her beliefs. Knowing she is betraying her gender but she can't help herself. 
But that's just thinking with my dick. In a proper relationship you can have different views and won't get into a shouting match whenever you disagree.
once you're in a relationship, it's not easy to break it because of differing wordviews. easier to discuss them and compromise. say what you will about God, justice, freedom, none of those things have a warm, soft body you can cuddle with and release pair-bonding chemicals
I cannot marry anyone who does not love Jesus Christ.
I avoid politics in social and romantic scenarios because I don't gain anything from knowing the girl's political views.
First, as long as she's sexy and the vibe is good, why would I introduce any sort of roadbump on the way to the bedroom; second, a lot of people wear their political views like fashion items so it's nothing to get mad over. I rarely run into people who are so gung-ho about politics that they HAVE to interject it into everything they do. These people do exist, you just leave them alone.
To answer your question, my only rule for politics is that they can't be self-destructive. This means no (unironic) tirades against your own culture or race, no (unironic) tirades about how you owe something to (other culture or race) or how you must make up for historic transgressions from your ancestors, etc. It's good to be considerate in your dealings with others but it's a complete malfunction to become so emotionally engrossed in this belief that you must bend over for someone, anyone, under any circumstance. Even if your nation did horrible things, you just pay reparations and settle all disputes legally, that's what these international courts and proceedings are for. Any personal grievances against your culture or race can be voiced and should be heard but you cannot force me into some sort of historical responsibility.
That's why whatever you believe, you can never be the kind of person who yells gibberish about le white men into tiktok while crying and then enact weird self-harming policies.
That's my main requirement.
My only fantasy is sex with hot girls who don't sperg out about worldviews.
I'm not a doctor, i'm afraid you'll have to try and see &lt;3 I really would hope for a daugher if i were you, since hapa girls are some of the most beautiful and don't face racism, while hapa boys...
Do you have any particular fantasies about your political opponents?
My political fantasy is that no one in America votes for the president. NOT ONE VOTE. I would love to see the reaction.
I think it would be fun to have a natsoc x communist relationship. enemies to lovers I guess. both of these ideologies are niche enough that you can constantly fight about them without it otherwise impacting your relationship.
would also give you good rp material.
How is it corruption if you truly believe in your views? 
the opposite for me, i dunno if i could marry someone who loves God more than me. Smells like emotional cheating. I would go to hell for my loved ones.
this self-hate is very rare even among liberals, i think most of them think about it as righting the wrongs of history and uplifting others so they can reach their potential and thus uplift eveyone. utopian, sure, but not evil.
but what would you do if your gf wanted an abortion because the baby has some birth defect? or your gf wants to wear baggy clothes and short hair because she wants to be treated as a human being not a sex object?
i meant sexual/romantic
That's a cope for ugly people.
An attractive couple can also not have mental issues. If looks weren't more important, you would fuck and marry anything that believed the same you did. If you say you do, you're lying.
I mean like do you even look around yourself.
Imagine she wears a Red Army Uniform and you wear an SS uniform and you go camping and have sweaty passionate struggle-sex.
btw an old-school communist isn't far away from a nat-soc, abortion and homosexuality were illegal under Stalin. and they have clear hierarchy, militarized society etc.
How is it corruption if you truly believe in your views?
It's about corrupting her views. Making her accept her place. Make her go against her gender. Stuff like that.
most of them think about it as righting the wrongs of history and uplifting others so they can reach their potential and thus uplift eveyone
In doing so they still enact and support anti-self policies. Good intentions pave the road to hell and all that. Government should be all about outcomes and results.
but what would you do if your gf wanted an abortion because the baby has some birth defect?
In cases where doctors are 100% certain that the baby would carry such a defect, abortion would probably be the best route. I don't know how abortions affect the woman though, so I would need to read up on that as well. Then weigh how serious the defect is vs. how much harm could potentially come to my wife. Still, in the long term, the healthiest possible child is the ideal outcome. 
or your gf wants to wear baggy clothes and short hair because she wants to be treated as a human being not a sex object?
Not really sure what this is about... I don't ask anyone to wear heels and dresses or something like that. I think casual and athletic looks are sexy enough, like tank tops and normal sneakers, etc.
I really hate short hair, though. I would do whatever it takes to keep it long lol
yeah, exactly. and yes, the similarities plus the lack of real world application are why I think it would work well. you can argue about details but then you also have stuff to agree on. in terms of political ideologies, these two seem best suited for this kind of relationship.
I want to get held down at an antifa rally and be forced to lick a tankie girl's boots in front of everyone.
That is... very specific. Where does that fantasy come from? Just bootlicking and humiliation- no relationship? What would they say during the whole affair, (i assume you won't say anything as your tongue is busy)?
No relationship. Pure masochism and public humiliation.
What would they say during the whole affair
Whatever slurs they have for libertardians. Maybe afterwards make me repeat some leftist mantra and then have them line up for me to kiss their boot tips one last time before they let me go.
Pretty hot but I'd like to do that to a girl. And with more right wing things. Maybe a black or Jewish girl...
Based, keeping opponents under your feet is kino. Dunno where you'd find a black or jewish girl who'd let you do that to them (unless you're speaking strictly in fantasy).
Ohh. So it's typical: a libertarian who fetishizes lack of consent and losing his freedom and dignity. Would you like them to take pics?
Raceplay/political play is not that uncommon I think. At least with kinky girls in those circles. I had a Jewish gf that was into this stuff. Fun times. 
And I agree! Putting your foot on someone's head and pushing it down is based.
Hell no.
Sounds like a female thing, asking for pointless extra drama at home
https://files.catbox.moe/qtpphh.webm
You too want just public humiliation, or ethnic slaves to serve you and breed with you?
lack of consent
I suppose that's part of it. Never even thought of it from that angle but I'm sure they'd make fun of me for that also.
Would you like them to take pics?
I imagine rallies are full of people taking photos and videos, so yes, and even if I didn't want them to I'd end up on tiktok or something. Identified. Forever known as the guy who walked into the wrong rally.
Putting your foot on someone's head and pushing it down is based
Even better if they're booted up.
What a nightmare world the zoomers must live in if they're considering the politics of everyone they come across.
It used to be weird for anyone under 50 to have a political stance. If you were young, you rocked out and enjoyed life to its fullest. This weird "I'm a 16 year old communist/anti-communist" bullshit is so bizarre to me, it's like an alternate universe where we lost the Cold War. Zoomers are so fucked I kind of feel bad.
that's because in the past everyone was a similar type of classic liberal with a tint of christian values
politics didn't matter because they were uniform just as people don't think a lot about skin colour in monoracial countries
I like that people stopped being npcs and try to developn their own worldview, i wish they weren't as rabid and emotional about it and more willing to change.
Dude you're this meme... it says a lot that this meme exists, clearly libertarians/ancaps want their snek stepped on
are there any types of shoes in particular you fantasize about? how dirty do you like them?
Any kind really. I just want to see them humiliated. Betraying their race/religion whatever while they are red with shame. I want them to hate it in a way but having no choice than to do as they are told. Make them post right-wing redpill stuff on their social media or publicly denounce what they believe in. Ruin their life so they can be what they really are.
I'll gladly take it! Tankie treads and my chest, name a better combo. It'd be nice to be draped in a gadsden flag while it all happened. Total defeat.
are there any types of shoes in particular you fantasize about?
Just some kind of combat boots typically. They carry a symbol of power that makes getting on all fours and licking them up and down that much better. 
how dirty do you like them?
I get that shoes are going to get dirty but I don't think of the dirt factor a lot, the thought of putting my mouth on dirt is a little gross (contradictory I know, but it's all in my head so whatever).
Great choice of boots
and i understand the conundrum, though i want to lick other parts of a girl more, it's always a question- if she's clean, why am i licking her, and if she's dirty, then it's disgusting to lick her. I guess it means we still haven't lost our marbles.
If you like it so much, why not make it a regular arrangement? Or is it that you want to feel it once and then masturbate to it for eternity rather which is easy and selfish, rather than continue to submit every day?
Do you have any particular fantasies about your political opponents?
no
Are you willing to love, date and marry someone with a wildly different worldview? like atheist x theist, radfem x fascist, anarchist x socialist etc.
yes on all of those. i dont really care about politics much. i love philosophical arguements for god, but if you dont find them compelling, its fine by me
Do you imagine discussing your views at lenght in a spirit of loyalty and dedication so thorough that you can say anything and it won't damage your love?
id talk extensively about anything, but i think it will damage my love for a girl if she couldnt care less about animal suffering. id have to be really really down bad and have caught unbearable feelings to tolerate that shit for a long time, i hope i dont end up like that
Or keep politics out of your lifes?
talk away
Or would you like to dominate and convert your partner, or get dominated and converted by them, surrendering your worldview, dignity and integrity for love and affection?
dominated and convert her to eating hummus and lentils
"if you love me, dont eat meat"
3 cheers to dying alone
my brother does that all the time. dude likes arguing so he finds women who also likes arguing which means self identified feminists, buddhists, communists/socialists and liberal views on drugs.
sounds tiring to be honest. like last gf he had whom he dated for years would do surveys on what political party she agreed with and got right wing every time so she got angry and accused him of manipulating and gaslighting her before she voted left wing anyway. he thought it was funny but i just died inside over how fucking retarded that is.
so no. i prefer someone who aren't vocal about their strong opinions because 9/10 times its emotional bullshit they pull instead of developing their character. if someone has a worldview and are able to articulate themselves in a way that change my mind thats fine but discussing politics every day when its ultimately worth fuckall is just tiring waste of time.
That pic is so good. If I was around that many of my opponent's boots I would just submit myself instead of having them force me to the floor with their foot on the back of my neck.
If you like it so much, why not make it a regular arrangement? 
It's just a kink/fantasy so it's not something I change my irl situations around. Wouldn't you? And I'm too socially inept to approach anyone anyway.
Most vegans are female, i don't see why you'd have an issue getting a gf, just join a vegan/animal lover group.
There was a brazilian guy on /trash/'s femdom thread who got conditioned by a black socialist gf into being submissive, masochistic, and in particular into sniffing and licking her shoes. I'm talking to the extent that when he tries to initaite sex, she gives him her shoes to lick instead. I think she did this to make him pathetic and dependent on her. You sound a lot like him. So it's entirely within your grasp.
That is interesting. I don't really see myself as boyfriend material and I've given up on relationships thus far. And also having a relationship like that seems really in the weeds for something that's supposed to be built on trust/love/communication. Having it fall back on some weird kink seems odd to me.
anarchist x socialist
Please tell me you're joking
sounds tiring to be honest. like last gf he had whom he dated for years would do surveys on what political party she agreed with and got right wing every time so she got angry and accused him of manipulating and gaslighting her before she voted left wing anyway.
This is so absurd, she's angry at her own opinions? why does she think he gaslit and manipulated her but doesn't realize the same about her friends, politicians and social media influencers?
i mean like anarchocapitalist vs big state socialist.
It was more like- first came loved, then they tried to influence each other and used kinks to reinforce that dedication. I don't think there's anything wrong with trying to change your partner into a better person. He clearly enjoys his newfound kinks.
That is true. Maybe I'm too traditional thinking about it. Although it wouldn't matter anyway. Or my shame regarding putting my tongue on someone's boots wouldn't survive being in a relationship with someone and having to face them knowing that they know that.
to the contrary, it makes my heart beat faster to imagine getting so vulnerable with someone. This is what relationships should be about- never pretending or holding back, exposing yourself and feeling safe in her arms. You can live like a hedgehog.
I guess for some it could be seen as an enhancer to a relationship (getting into relationship theory from talking about political kinks lmao). I hope you find someone who you can explore with that (or that with which you're into).
its because she used to hold strong left wing opinions but after years of being together his opinions rubbed off on her since he based his opnions somewhat more on facts but mostly because hes better at arguing his case.
Well, people change, that's natural, no shame in being wrong and chaning ones mind. Most people get more conservative as they age.
Here, have another great shoepic i found.
me getting up at the rally
Thank you, they're all very nice. These kinds of boots are just so top tier nothing can beat them. High heels are too fancy and performative and things like pumps are a little too basic. Meanwhile combat boots will always be there to combine practicality, aesthetic, and stomping power together in such a way that you couldn't help but to kiss them and beg for forgiveness.
I don't care about politics or anything, the only values that matter are the ones that are actually related to the relationship, like putting us above everything else, loyalty and honesty. I don't care whatever dumb opinions you have on politics or God so long as you are a good partner for me.
However I think it would be hot to date a black girl that likes to be called racial slurs.
Now imagine that where i live, bovver boot were very popular for teen girls while i was a teen. Even my sister wore them. Such a missed opportunity...
that filename
Polska? You have good taste. I didn't realize you were into them too, I figured you were just indulging a degen.
Tak. We call those boots glany here, i think from german for "shiny". My sister had steel-tipped ones for some reason. I think it was to dance during concerts?
I'm into worship of the whole female body, i don't fetishize shoes in particular but i like them.
I had a feeling. And I'm sure she danced a whole lot.
I'm into worship of the whole female body
Same, it's just that things below the ankle make me feel more submissive than I already am. What parts are your favorite?
No, I want my political opponents to get murdered by my very own hands in the most gruesome way possible.
i like the thought of being dominated by a really transphobic chad who calls me a mentally ill man. like, made to wear men's clothes and act hypermasculine.
Probably face and neck. I know, weird for a submissive, but nothing makes me feel as weak as a girl's instense stare and eyes full of lust and passion. I have a hard time holding eye contact with anyone, let alone a political opponent so close to my face, i can feel her warm breath. I want the "i will devour you" face. And i like forceful kissing.
I turned my bf from an ancap into a fascist. Not even on purpose since i don't really care about politics anymore, we just talked about our ideas.
Baaased. Tell him it's his duty to have kids!
Well worshipping any part of a girl as long as she tells you to makes sense.
I have a hard time holding eye contact with anyone
Same, I always find myself look down or to the sides of people, especially girls. 
forceful kissing
Nothing like a girl knowing what she wants taking what's rightfully hers!
Kissing is out of this world experience, since it engages all your senses: her head covers your view, her body touches yours, her smell fills your lungs, you taste her saliva and you hear how she flicks her tongue inside your mouth. A sensitive person such as myself would ge totally overwhelmed and be at her mercy, and this is what i want.
I want my enemies dead, simple as
bump
losing feels so good
im not a radfem per se but i am a pretty huge feminist and i come from a country where its severely looked down upon lol but the idea of getting dominated aggressively by a male of a different race, getting degraded and being forced to give up my beliefs is so hot ... that's just the horniness talking though, ideally he'd be a nice and normal person cause it'd be difficult to be in a relationship otherwise
You, originally, wiIl never be a woman
Imagine the comfyness
you, originally, will never receive your parents love and affection
Nope, but I've learned to confront the issues, work past them, and grow as a person. Meanwhile the only thing that will grow around you is the daisies when you join the 40% club.
So, you're brown and you imagine a white right-winger who turns you into a submissive, obedient housewife and baby-factory? He can do that and still be a nice and normal person...
What country and what race? I have a big raceplay and misogyny kink. I'd gladly tear down your beliefs and make you apologize for them on your knees. And afterwards I'll cook you dinner and I'll give you some backrubs or something. I'm a good bf according to girls I've dated in the past.
Hot, glad there's a fembot here for once.
Nice, where are you from? I can drop a discord tag if you want to chat about it further.
Not her, do you have any naked dogeza/prostration pics? I find them very hot and very aesthetic. Pic rel is asian btw.
Let me guess: Hungary. You slut.
I have a few. Check out the /d/ archives. They tend to have those threads once in a while
Oh, i have a ton of 2D pics, but 3D pics are hard to come by
Progressive liberal genocide
Would you ever watch your husband fool around with other girls in front of you?
Can men really be dominant if you simp even when you're trying to dominate?
Ah yeah agreed. Try bdslmr they have all kinds of stuff. Pretty hit or miss often especially if it has cringy captions.
thats just wishful thinking desu i wouldn't be able to trust a person like that
you're just indulging my fantasies and getting me hot for no reason
Why not trust him? Afterall he blesses your worthless brown holes with his cum. He knows better than you anyways.
id actually die of joy if a guy like that existed. i don't mind showering my partner with affection, being submissive and cute and catering to him outside of the bedroom but i just want my efforts to be reciprocated
im south asian and i am a little into white guys but i dont wanna admit that 4chan poisoned my brain i can't do this any moar
Domination doesn't have to be oppressive. He can be gentle, guiding, protective. And you can submit to him not because of physical violence (which you probably want to receive more than he wants to give) but because you trust he knows what's best for you and his control will help you blossom into a better woman, better wife, better mother.
sure, im always down to talk
it really depends, hardcore lefties with cultural brainrot are pretty insufferable to be around specifically because of their beliefs.
Reply to me, you dumb whore.
sorry but i like cucking, not getting cucked lmao
making people watch my husband fuck me now thats actually hot. or making a white girl watch her white boyfriend fuck me and tell her how tight i am ... ill stop right there
not wanting to push her against a wall, stop her tirades with a kiss, see her eyes go from anger to fear to lust, carry her to a bed and fuck her brains out until she remembers her feminine, submissive nature
not wanting to see her get her tattoos and piercings removed, grow her hair out for you, start wearing skirts and high heels again
Does it turn you on that white men are so much bigger and stronger than you? Hard to speak of equality while you have to look up and they literally look down on you and could carry you with one hand.
maybe... i'd love to be carried with one hand and slammed into a wall, choked into submission. i'm a bit of a brat so i do have to be told my place
thinking of a white guy grabbing my face and spitting on me, reminding me how inferior i am does drive me a little crazy
I would date someone with similar beliefs to mine.
I could not date someone who was too different to me in that way.
I think a relationship where you are too different in beliefs is not based on love, it's based on just being horny like>>73098696
There are a lot of guys like that. Bdsm shouldn't be the basis of a relationship. It should be an extra. Need a good foundation and trust to indulge in the fun kinky stuff. Relationships aren't a one way street and no one should take their partner for granted. Asians are great for raceplay too. Let me breed you with my white cock till you can't think of anything else anymore.
Needless to say, you have no chance of victory in any physical encounter. Best thing you can do is open your mouth, accept his spit and thank him. Think of it as an indirect kiss. I think you'd enjoy a lot of casual molestation, like random butt slaps, or grabbing you from behind and fondling your breasts, maybe commenting how weak your body is, good only for sex and servitude.
Most definitely marrying someone with my point of view
Sometimes I would fantasize about a radical feminist raping me to take out her daddy issues, but I realized that was just a reflection of my own self hatred. Now I just want a comfy gf who I am similar to. Besides, usually coomer relationships don't last
What about a comfy radfem gf who loves you but likes to take you by force from time to time to scratch that itch?
That sounds really nice, but I'm trying to have a healthier mentality and be with people who are like me, I won't lie though your post made me feel things
Not sure if this is political but I think it would be kinda hot if she made me eat her out and talked about how women are superior to men and stuff but all women are subs so it'll never happen
Yeah and i want to agressively eat her out and growl and try to dominate her by making her cum which obviously was part of her plan
summed it up perfectly. and unfortunately despite my beliefs id take your white cock gladly and beg for more
stfu im literally dripping wet rn i dont want to be a coomer anymore ;_;_; id love to be grabbed randomly and insulted. i used to hate anal but the thought of someone forcefully shoving it up my ass and persuading me to like it is not so bad after all
Guess you instinctively know what your place in life is. You feminist types are all the same. You got to show some incentive if you want me to convince me to stretch your little yellow cunt with my cock. Maybe if you get on your knees and apologize for being such a stupid feminist ill bless you with my superior white dick. You don't need to do anything else in life other than be a good little dumfump.
it's not necessarily a fantasy but i find myself attracted to people on the opposite side of the political spectrum for sure. i'm a communist and love the idea of dating a nazi or right-leaning libertarian and get into arguments and make fun of each other etc. 
i would never date a liberal leftist though they repulse me
I wouldn't marry a communist or a fascist, but that's mostly because every one I've met has been completely nuts and lacking in human decency. Religious people I just don't understand in a different way than the political fanatics, I don't think I would marry one.
I fantasize about really sheltered extremists I guess. A girl who's only ever known one ideology, maybe an older bitter communist who doesn't know any other way. In China there are still some of the older generation like that, who know exactly what was done but also there wasn't any inflation in those days... (well, there was nothing to buy, but...).
I don't want either of us to surrender anything, but converting a woman through our relationship and then stepping on her head because she wants me to would be nice.
I wish he could open his eyes more
Woah! Cool it with the racism, anon...
So it turns out a lot of /r9k/ lurkers of both sexes have such fantasies! It's okay, i guess it's part and parcel of the modern liberal world. Everyone has to pretend to be a strong-willed and independent individual and make all those hard choices without guidance. So we develop a need to rest from thinking, submit and surrender our bodily integrity and our dignity. It feels nice to open up and be vulnerable with someone like that, but of course it requires trust that is built in long-term relationships.
That's for masochistic fantasies. Dominant fantasies are harder to understand, i think it's the need to be looked up as an authority and valued above everyone and everything.
you are like the fourth man who wants to step on a girl's head irl, thanks, i thought i was weird
Why do you wanna get stepped on?
Dominant fantasies are harder to understand, i think it's the need to be looked up as an authority and valued above everyone and everything.
I just have a major thing for degradation. I'm not sure where it stems from. Maybe cause I never had much success with women so my brain turned it into that to cope. Who knows. I'm not a bitter incel but in the bedroom im pretty unhinged kinkwise.
GOD DAMN I wish I had a militant commie gf who would beat all of the bigotry out of me while planning political overthrow
in the bedroom im pretty unhinged kinkwise.
Please elaborate, there are wet femanons listening.
you aren't tricking anyone faggot
okay, i admit, i just wanna find new kinks
though there was a real femanon itt some time ago
I'm a fag too so ur fine I'm just having fun :)
Idk anon. I like sexual sadism. Both the physical and emotional kind. 
Things I did are:
Face slapping
Pussy slapping
Tit slapping
Raceplay
Peed on a girl
Made a girl throw up on my fingers and then fucked her
Walked a girl on a leash 
Tickle torture
Clit torture and general overstimulation 
Nipple torture
Made a girl piss herself
Orgasm torture
Spankings with hand or other objects
Choking with hand or a pillow or plastic bag
Verbal abuse
Making a girl degrade herself
Make her eat from a bowl
Make her hump my foot and leg
Spit on a girl
Cum in her hair
Cnc
Fuck her in her sleep
Get her drunk and then take advantage of her
Belly punches 
Cunt busting
Step on her head
I'm down for most things that are non consensual or cause pain in a way. All the things above have been consensual of course. I respect my partners and always cared deeply for them.
I want a partner who disagrees whom I reciprocally respect and have polite discussion of my beliefs with
Kind of a sicko in that way
How the fuck did you make a girl eat from a bowl?
Get bowl, put food into it and tell her to eat it? She was into it.
Nice honeypot thread fed-chan. Have fun adding anons to your lists!!!
Why would the feds be interested in swxual kinks? You okay?
All these femdom fags itt. This board is so fucking gay
Do you have any particular fantasies about your political opponents?
I do, not very often now, think about pleasing a radical feminist histrionic girl. I would say something condescending towards women, and she gets loud and angry, just yelling at me to "just be a decent fucking human being" and seriously wondering what the fuck I'm talking about, or how I could ever say such a thing. She would get intimately close in my face and say something sternly but I'm just smugly looking at her until I break out in laughter. A girl getting angry at me like that makes me laugh so much (at which point she melts a little too and stops being angry because I'm giggling). It's truly heartwarming that you can get along with a girl from adoration alone because she "can't get mad at you".
On a side note, I'd like to think I can explain things very well, and even convert most girls to my opinion, since I'm not judgemental. I think most girls don't have strong opinions, or at the very least they work under a framework of some kind and try and be consistent under it. I think I could introduce most girls to a neutral-vaguely right wing framework and give them reasons/consistency under that framework. That's at least when I followed the news. I don't think about politics much at all now, and I might not rub as well with someone obsessed politically like that. I think in terms of ideals, someone politically neutral or apathetic is best
Are you willing to love, date and marry someone with a wildly different worldview? 
I'd date to marry as if my kids are making the decision for me. A girl that believes transgenderism is valid or that kids can be trans, or has an odd worship of therapy, or is into veganism, or doesn't want kids because there's 'too many people on the planet' probably isn't for me, unless she had compelling reasons. No I will not watch some breadtuber about it.
Do you imagine discussing your views at lenght in a spirit of loyalty and dedication so thorough that you can say anything and it won't damage your love?
This is endearing. I'd like a kind of unconditional love where nothing you say can break the spell of obsession you have with each other. Unless she talks about being polyamorous, generally my decision making for this stuff is as if my (future) kids would approve as well. 
Or keep politics out of your lifes?
The political framework you're under is pretty conducive to your values, how you speak, what you get upset about, and so forth. I don't like the "just don't talk about it" reasoning.
Or would you like to dominate and convert your partner, or get dominated and converted by them, surrendering your worldview, dignity and integrity for love and affection?
I can convert her if she doesn't have too many strong opinions but just has a lingering few in order to fit in. That'd be cute.
Always with the slurs and never with affection.
