i just cant move on from my ex... and just found out she met some guy off tiktok looking for duos and within a month they're calling each other bae/babe, wanting tattoos of they're favorite apex character on eachother, and finally she booked a ticket to fly and meet him.
jfc... i just cant. and im over here depressed af ever since the breakup and she found possibly the love of her life and an opportunity to escape her shitty environment with her parents.
sigh... and its not like i could offer anything because im a NEET. whats more fucked up is that i still know in the back of my mind she openly disrespected me toward the end of the relationship sexting with another guy. 
idk i just wanna vent and know how to end this cycle of wanting someone that isn't compatible with me. why does the first love hurt so much to get over?
boo hoo waaaa waaaa me sadd me babyy
GROW UP FAGGOT. BE A FUCKING MAN. QUIT BITCHING. NOBODY CARES.
im fucking trying man. i just feel like walter white toward the last season. just burnt out af and living out the worst possible outcome in my life.
Get it together. Stop thinking about some stupid bitch. She's worthless. Make something of yourself. Learn a skill that you can use to make money. Go be independent. Be a fucking man.
ye i might need to see a therapist desu. just like what she did, and it seems like its working out for her well.
see a therapist
No you don't. Just stop dwelling on your feelings. That's woman shit. Go to a gym.
Your feelings exist to indicate that you need to change your conduct and lifestyle. You don't need help analysing them. You feel like a loser because you're a loser, and the solution is to do stuff until you're good at something, at which point you won't be a loser anymore.
the solution is to do stuff until you're good at something, at which point you won't be a loser anymore.
ye your right. ill see if i should hop back on the saddle with coding despite w/e AI will do to the industry.
ngl im debating on hitting her up to confess my feelings.
ill see
Just do it man. Whatever you want to do, just do it. Eventually you'll find something you don't suck at and don't hate, and you'll be independent
No. She's moved on. You need to move on. It's over. Forget your memories and feelings. Don't give her the satisfaction of knowing how much you wanted to be with her.
he she it has an ex
LOL shut up nigger
constantly distract yourself and surround yourself with new people. This is personally how i cope and it kinda works. Some days ur gonna feel like shit, and other days you will be fine.
No. She's moved on. You need to move on. It's over. Forget your memories and feelings
yeah i guess so. hope is one powerful drug.
also ty anons. i really needed to hear this.
Okay annon she is not the love of your life she does not miss and you shouldnt miss her faggot there are plenty of other hoes on the streets and you will find another one NOW STOP BEING A FAGGOT AND STOP BITCHING AROUND
I love you and wish you the best of luck
No homo
NOW STOP BEING A FAGGOT AND STOP BITCHING AROUND
ill try as hard as it is. i did the no contact rule and it worked for getting over the major hump over her. but just tuning into her socials.. holy fuck did the pain hit like a train upon figuring out she moved on.
I love you and wish you the best of luck
ty again.
just tuning into her socials
never do that, doofus
