so I've got these cigarette burns all over my hands
do you fags got any worthwhile excuses as to why and how I could've gotten them? (they're months old by now and I haven't burned myself in ages)
I'm only asking because warm weather is coming and I cant' wear long sleeves for much longer, any suggestion is much appreciated
and no, I probably won't burn myself anymore
maybe people bumped into you, I have like 3 burns from people bumping into me
I don't think you should worry about wearing a short sleeve, nobody really looks at arms that much and if they do they won't say anything about it
maybe people bumped into you
I have a fucking triangle of burns, how could I explain that? (I was drunk when doing it)
this is my main cope too, but the people who "care about you" are bound to ask some questions because it's "weird"
i don't understand, you self harm on your hands? or you fell asleep while smoking?
yes, I harmed my hands with burning cigarettes while I was drunk
4 of the burns were done by this girl while we were out together (I burned her too, we both regretted it shortly after, although not really (at least not me))
3 of the burns are in a triangle, done by me alone, when I was drunk, alone and depressed af
anything else to clear up for you?
passive aggressive faggot. i advise that next time you don't self harm in patterns on clearly visible parts of your body like a retard.
oh I'm sorry, did I hurt your feelings?
as I said in a post right above yours; I was fucking drunk af and wasn't thinking with my head, hence this whole retarded thread
https://voca.ro/1aF7iCIOryW0
Orignalo respondo
Namefag
Attention seeking
W h o r e.
Somethin' smells fishyyyyy
another wasted trips
you can't play for shit man
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Something smells fishyyy
It's pixel and her odoring VAAAAAAAYYJJJJJJJJJJ
who the fuck is this tripfag anyway?
Pixel and she's selfish she smells fishyyyyy and is an attention whore
I guess I should lurk moar then
or maybe not actually, she sounds like an attention whore not worth our time
ciara for life assholes
She puts on this nice act but she's takin advantage of desperate and vulnerable robots in order to have her attention..
She has attention from simping beta robot orbiters
She puts on this nice act but she's takin advantage of desperate and vulnerable robots in order to have her attention..
no wonder she was the first responder to my thread then, fucking bitch. god I hate women so much. probably a fat bitch too, no wonder she's seeking for orbiters on fucking r9k of all places
I guess it's a symbiotic relationship then, they both get what they want
this bitch got any pics or what?
cause if not, she's definitely a fat ugly tranny
Of course she was the first respondent.
if you (or other anons) got her pics feel free to post them so we can make fun of her and make her feel like shit
and to reiterate; god, I fucking hate women so much, fuck all you stupid sluts
also, can someone spoonfeed me on the "smells fishy" meme?
I am the original co-author of the song.
Guitar anon was never identified.
Fuck you Pixel.
The song: https://vocaroo.com/1aF7iCIOryW0
Based lyrics and originality
"I was drunk it was funny :D"
