Hey atheists, if you don't believe in hell, why aren't you evil instead? You have no obligation towards morality, you can become a monster with zero consequences when you die. You can chase money, kill your enemies, fuck as many women as you want and not return your shopping cart without any shame at all.
wait so you would do all those things if there wasnt a god?
I don't have a desire to be evil it's easiest to just do the right thing most of the time. Plus having a good reputation means people will be nicer to me too or help me when I need it. Also the shopping cart obsession everyone has is so fucking stupid. If that cart narcs guy ever bothered me or slapped a magnet on my car I'd chase him with a knife
There's something called prison OP you brainlet. There's also something called prison rape which you would enjoy since OP is always a faggot.
yeah I wonder why we don't do those things anon. maybe an evolutionary trait called empathy was created via complex neural patterns in our brains. or maybe some random god created the entire universe just so you could watch every guy around you bang every girl you've ever wanted and not ever be able to find true love.
yeah god probably just hates you
I'm reliant on the infrastructure and supply chains society has created to make food easy to get. If I start chopping off people's heads they aren't going to want me out and about doing business alongside them.
Also, if infinity-giga-torture in a spirit hole is the only reason you aren't raping, murdering, and leaving shopping carts in the middle of the parking lot then you're evil and gullible. You're the kind of person I want to keep believing in religion. Stupid sociopaths that would be out making the world horrible if it wasn't for sky-Jew and his pleasure palace.
simply because being evil isnt the natural state of the will, doing what you will is the way, not doing anything you will find funny doing. i want to kill someone, but if i do, i lose the benefits of being free in the streets, so i keep it to myself. some people do good because they feel good doing it, others feel like they have to do evil or this will cause great torment to them, so its not wrong for them to act on this, since not doing so compromises their well being
I feel good when I do good things, and guilty when I do bad things
It's almost like humans are built with an emotional capacity for sympathy which was evolutionarily advantageous because cooperation between tribe members was a positive.
It's almost like society has laws in place to prevent you from doing whatever you want.
It's almost like regardless of your obligation to morality you must follow these laws or be punished by society.
Because I don't want to be evil, I want to be good.
There's a thing called prison, you know
Religious people do all that.
So if you werent threatened with going to hell and being tortured forever if you do bad things you would be raping kids and murdering women for fun all day every day?
Huh...
Christians are built diffrent.
Worldly consequences still apply, so why honk off your surroundings where it comes back to bite your ass?
Far better to act as nice as possible where it costs you nothing, and to be "evil" where it give you worthwhile results.
Atheists have to follow the law. Being a monster is expensive for society. Being evil is selfish.
