Is survival fesable in this case?
Why is her blood so bright red?
heat changes blood color or she has low iron
her lungs are being filled with blood and this stuff you think is brain matter
What the fuck do you want them to do
None of them are trained in trauma response
Why are they just standing around and not helping her?
china
Why is her blood so bright red?
chinese air quality
Isnt bright red blood a sign of HIV?
no blacks in china
chinese drivers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bystander_apathy
If this is China then the reason they don't help is because their good samaritan laws are pretty fucked up. If they try to help they are legally responsible if they can't provide medical expert level care.
she's dead anyway, that's just agonal breathing. poor thing
she is burning in hell as you type those words
she would've lived if she just dated a nice robot from r9k, now look at her.
let this be a lesson to all fembots
hell isn't real and neither is heaven
the universe made an exception for her
This is why I date chinese women, we are both hated and discriminated for things out of our control
Being Canadian really that rough?
(most people choose the third there)
Not my probrem
Why?
Because joe mama
Asian countries. Most people avoid helping casualties in China because they could be liable to the medical costs.
what is that fleshy thing next to her face though? it does kind of look like it's come out of her mouth, but maybe the helmet didn't work?
There's like 2 billion of em'. Big whoop.
we've finished testing - give us a few more days; she'll be reborn with no problems.
Women are le independent and dont need men, its her problem
blood clots super quick and most likely internal bleeding
This. Two years ago I was walking to college and I saw a woman slip and hit her head and she was bleeding. I was about to help her but then I realised it's risky for me as a man and women keep talking about how they don't need men and how men suck so I kept walking.
oh, coagulated blood makes sense i guess. thanks anon.
based. i make it a point to go out of my way to never do anything nice or helpful for women, since they're all strong and independant. wouldn't wanna reinforce patriarchy, y'know
That isn't China. Too many gas powered bikes, text in BG is wrong language. I am guessing Philippines.
where did you even find this?
Because they don't have a permit and they were taught touching a woman or looking at her without her consent is rape. Next question? You created this world normie now reap the consequences.
*casts heal*
Why is her blood so bright red? 
arterial bleeding if I remember my courses correctly. she's a goner
Isnt bright red blood a sign of HIV? 
nah
Why is she spitting out blood thick with brain matter?
might've thrown up? no clue
no my problem
looney tunes ass blood
Third world people are apathetic as fuck.
Im an incel, why would I help? No pussy no work, no taxes, no stake in society, no solidarity
If I held her hand as she died, would I get on trouble? Outside China, I mean.
