successful
rich
good looking
still going to get divorce raped
Welp guess I am going to just not try anymore. What the fuck is the point if they can just fuck you over like this? How many times does this have to fucking happen before someone says enough is enough and changes the system by force?
worst part is that supposedly his wife is a religious girl and he might have been her first man from what i heard
still leaving him for no reason though she filed for it a few months after he got a big heart problem discovered
Crowder is literally gay. He's like a theater dude.
This. And if anyone knows who else is gay, it'a Adam Friedland of the Adam Friendland Show previously known as Cum Town.
Man literally dresses up as a fucking condom to 'own the libs'
Constantly doing the most retarded shit imagineable like confronting people irl who 'defamed' him
Always doing edgy shit like saying 'fig' instead of fag
Has a minority political opinion and is vocal about it
Well gee willikers, kids. I can't imagine why this heartless bitch would leave him.
Given how much he likes crossdressing to own the libs it wouldn't surprise me if he asked his wife to peg him "as a joke haha".
Can you not put your petty rat race identity politics aside and realize there is a real problem with our society? Why is it ok to just be as under handed as possible to men?
did he not get a prenup?
Divorces aren't that easy to legislate. You try coming up with a solution that's fair to both men and women and doesn't force couples to stay in abusive relationships. Someone's probably gonna get the short end of the stick either way, divorces tend to be messy.
Judges can just ignore that. You know that right?
Is it just me or every school/campus has the one guy who is the aggressively conservative "troll" and gives off gay vibes
yeah if there was fraud or something irrelevant is included. Just write up a good one.
The guy seems like an all around insufferable idiot to be around with. I can understand why his wife did it if she wasn't paid off.
Wait wait wait, who the fuck said anything about abusive? Where the fuck did that come into the conversation?
You're like a woman that brings up rape as the main reason for an abortion, yet if you agree that it should be allowed in those special cases and then ask if it should be allowed otherwise, she'll still say yes.
You lead with a minority excuse to appeal to emotion and morality and to make it difficult to argue against (because only an evil person would force someone raped or abused to remain with the consequences), yet even without that excuse you'd still have the same stance, so actually the minority excuse you propped up really doesn't fucking matter. Again, where does abusive come in?
I know you arent from here because only normalfaggots think only certain people deserve love. Even the courts jester deserves love you fucking retard.
hyper aggressive dude who's whole gimmick is arguing why he is right can't into marriage.
If you grew up with anyone like that you would rethink what you just said.
She was at least divorced once prior and to make matters more awkward the divorce is already over and he has been hiding it for over a year. Most assume this video was throw together because people started to notice he and his wife have not been following each other on social media now for over 2 years nor are there any photos seen of them together since 2020 and Crowader was one of those norimes that would upload pictures of himself with his girl monthly.
What >>73099103 said and what the fuck you mean " only normalfaggots think only certain people deserve love." normies are the people that push the idea that you shouldn't hate anyone and that everyone can find someone to love. Reality is there are many people that will never have or find love and in some cases it's because their personality is too self destructive. I mean, this is the same guy that abused friends he had for decades and threw other friends under the bus because they didn't give him a good offer. It's somewhat a fucking miracle he hasn't demonized his wife the moment the divorce papers were filed back in 2021
was one of those norimes that would upload pictures of himself with his girl monthly.
isn't that a Beard tactic?
I know exactly what its like because I am just like that at heart. If I could get paid to be a dick and get some laughs while doing it I would 100% do it.
Crowder getting divorced lmao? Hes a corny loser, I'm suprised he had bitches in the first place.
tall
full head of hair
broad shoulders
visible jawline
Really? Even if you don't like him at all, looks are all that matters and someone like that has to live in a cave far away from any civilisation to not accidentally get raped by women.
Just don't marry. I don't see why people want to marry so much. You can be in a relationship with a bitch just as well without marriage. Unless you're christfaggot just don't
if he was her first its not "for no reason" it is because he stole the fun of youth from her and she basically missed out on the only time when life usnt all duty and responsibility and is worth living
If all you have going for you is looks she will have sex with you and then leave once satiated with cum enough.
If the only other thing you have is money, she will just take it with her. Money is worthless when its not yours.
The only way to build lasting relationships is to have humble wisdom to properly bond and then treat the other person in the same way you would treat yourself. Which means that sometimes you will have to step back on your own interest too.
Additionally, a lifelong sexual relationships is just not a realistic idea. Couples that stay together throughout life usually just give up sexuality altogether at 20th year or something, or allow covert cheating to each other. Nobody is just attracted to each other after so many years, they instead start seeing each other as blood relatives. And the reason they still stay together are more of a spiritual or economical kind.
looks are all that matters
He isn't that attractive to be honest, his voice and personality make him lesser as well.
There are places where you don't need "I do" and ceremony to be considered married. Living long enough together is enough.
And as less and less men will marry women, the more and more places will adopt this.
"Common marriage" I think is the name.
yea you definitely dont deserve love.
There are also places where they walk around half naked and poop in the open but I don't fucking live there
Welp guess I am going to just not try anymore.
Don't do that, just don't speak about anything financial.
common law and it's pretty quick in canad as a lot of provinces you live with the person for 1 year grants this. also, not really too much of a difference b/w marriage and this here.
Take a look at this thread to see the state of basedciety. All men are evil. If you get divorced you deserve it. Any man who is masculine is gay, any man who is feminine is gay, any man who is weird is gay, all men are gay, evil, and deserve everything bad that happens to them
I hope this society rots and collapses and 99% of normalfags die.
You try coming up with a solution that's fair to both men and women
women can take care of themselves, but are still entitled to wealth the man created because...she just is ok!? That's fair!
What is fair is women don't get shit, women are the ones who choose to get into relationships with abusechad and if she didn't like it she could just say no.
Stupid cuck deserves it. 
bleats all day every day about how marriage is supposed to be
muh trad values
muh morality
spends hours daily shitposting on twatter doing nothing but tearing people down
no opinions except what his theocrat overlords pay him to say
dog cum
who knew that women don't enjoy being around Dunning-Kreuger sockpuppets for institutionalized misogyny?
At around 50 your dick stops working on command. Assuming you marry in your late 20's early 30's that's not an unreal expectation. I think women go through something similar. From dating a few older women they just want someone to keep them company at that point they'll have sex with you but mostly out of fear that they will loose you if they don't. 
Grow up. People always say they want to live life to the fullest but all they ever do is squander it and rot. Then they try to find someone to save them from their bad life choices. I'm not saying that crowder wife doesn't have valid reasons for divorce. I'm saying that avoiding responsibility in pursuit of feelings and emotions will lead to ruin.
Not in my backyard so who cares?
Did you miss the
And as less and less men will marry women, the more and more places will adopt this.
Part of my comment?
So you're not living there YET.
I kind of expect the government to just outright take Medicare and social security away from people that don't have kids. They just need people to keep the machine going marriage is just a way of facilitating more people being born.
Call others fascists
Suppress opinions you don't like with a constant threat of violence
Anons only think of how attractive the guy is for casual dating in this equation, but miss two huge components. 
The first is, just because a guy can get casual sex, doesn't mean women want him long term. Yeah sex is nice and all, but most of the time in a relationship you're just chilling, and if you're an asshole or unpleasant to be around, that will wear a girl down over time. Secondly, the type of girl you marry is really important. Some girls are never happy and will inevitably cheat, even if they are with a smart, successful Adonis with a heart of gold, a silver tongue, and Godly sex skills. Other girls will stay with a deadbeat simply because they have little ambition and don't think they deserve or want better. Who you marry matters a lot in terms of how happy you end up being. My mom is a massive bitch and my dad constantly, covertly reminds me that who you marry matters a lot for how happy you end up being.
The first is, just because a guy can get casual sex, doesn't mean women want him long term
Not true in my experience. I know dudes who treat(ed) their gf like shit and it's always them breaking up, the women still cling to the relationship and start acting crazy after getting dumped for another girl. I agree with you on the rest though.
I think it depends on the girl, low iq/low confidence girls are more likely to tolerate shitty, dark triad behavior for pussy tingles and because they don't feel like they deserve better. If you think about the typical wifebeater and similar type relationships (even those w/o physical violence), that doesn't seems like a very happy relationship for either person. 
Imo very dark triad/stupid/low empathy guys can have lots of casual, meaningless sex, as well as even a lasting relationship, but I don't think either person in a relationship like that will be truly happy in the moments that don't have sexual tension. Even masochists can have their fill of shitty, toxic behavior, and very dark triad guys usually fail to develop meaningful relationships imo since they see everything as transactional, and inevitably backstab others before a deep relationship can form.
Look man I don't think it's unfair for a woman to divorce you if you're secretly gay.
Lmao, mf wrote an essay just to dodge a point
To be fair the guy frequently dresses up as a women. If that's the sort of stuff he is into he *probably* has some other issues which are worth breaking up over.
i've seen this shit as well. fuck, the dude was caught cheating several times and SHE begs to stay with him.
why do moids just treat divorce like it's inevitable instead of considering modifying their disgusting habits and unpleasant behavior. a happy woman doesn't want a divorce, simple as.
no good christian woman would want to be with someone who spews hate all day long.
happy woman
So such thing thus divorce is inevitable regardless of what the guy does or what he even looks like
im not sure if you are being sarcastic or not, but this is very true.
Because a lot of the times they do want divorce. What behavior "causes" a woman to want half the property and assets that a man has?
If women aren't happy around you it's unironically you. Not acknowledging any personal responsibility is equivalent to schizos "everyone is crazy but me" mentality.
In most cases its sadism ruining the dude's life is like crack to them
i'm not being sarcastic. a good christian woman would not want to be with someone who's life is hatred and rudeness
what behavior
being an idiot and an asshole who doesn't pull his weight in the relationship, are your parents together?
Women are only momentarily happy like wild animals they arent constantly happy like us men however thats why women behave like drug addicts 24/7 only the drug is gina going tingle.
women are perfect angels and whenever something bad happens it's ALWAYS the mans fault ok sweety
fuck off and get out
being an idiot and an asshole who doesn't pull his weight in the relationship
A lot of guys get divorced even if they do this. It all depends on the woman.
constantly happy like us men
are you a fucking dog? treat a woman well (and I mean well, not "ok") and she has no reason to want to leave.
No, not "the mans fault", your fault. Your fault specifically if the women around you hate you.
Dogs are not constantly happy only momentarily you idiot
treat a woman well
Nonsense, men far more chivalrous and gentlemen like have been divorced meaning treating her sweet aint gone do shit
i wish it was easy to meet these kind of girls, but it's not. you have to snatch them up in the earlier rounds before the catholic chads nab them.
far more chivalrous and gentlemen like have been divorced
fundamental man thinking, we have reached an impasse.
Religious girls are awful their female desire for bad boys is off the charts compared to secular women because bad boys are more taboo to their brains so more exciting, simply lie about being atheist and religious sluts suddenly want your sperm because fucking a disgusting atheist is so thrilling to their deranged foid brains.
He isn't that attractive to be honest
That's pure cope my dude. I would guess colored that way because you dislike him personally.
As someone unfamiliar with him I can tell from that image alone he has practically every trait women look for in men, physically speaking at least
full head of dark hair
masculine frame with muscle (they're not the same thing, extra muscle enhances, the frame dictates how masculine you are)
face has no obvious flaws, could have a weak chin under the beard but I doubt it
He's what women want.
you need to seek help. bro.
nta but the guy in the OP picture? He looks like someone's annoying uncle and all you can think about is slobbing on his knob. mental illness.
Ok? Doesn't change the fact women want guys that look like that.
No, we don't. Maybe like 40 year old women but not ones in their 20s.
women in their 20s
Mentally speaking they are literal children, not women, because they haven't had to grow up yet unless they are genuinely ugly.
Yes, those girls want to keep riding the cock carousel of pretty boy chads/chadlites.
Not sure if you're aware, but Crowder isn't in his 20s
immaterial, the man depicted in the OP is a man gay men and old women want to fuck. He is what is known as a bear. the most shallow women only like otters.
shallow women
aka women still in their prime. They "deepen" the fuck up once the wall comes knocking right into their face.
Fascism is when you don't tolerate intolerance
lol wut?
