If you self insert as the shota banging the milf does it make you a pedophile?
it's cartoons, who cares?
Yes. It makes you a pedophile.
It's not just cartoons. When watching hentai, or reading doujins, or masturbating/fantasizing about any drawn or computer generated pornographic content, no person is fantasizing about themselves also being 2d or a cartoon or what have you. You fantasize about "man.. if she was real" or "if that little boy was me, and a grown woman was doing that to me" etc. 
It makes you a pedophile because you're fantasizing about sex involving a child, despite yourself being the child in that fantasy. Objectively it's still sex with a child.
Objectively it's still sex with a child.
Kek
I wonder how that made it past the filter.
Okay so if you like violent video games are you a psychopath? If we need to demonize shotacon/lolicon we have to ban all media that depicts things that would be illegal in real ligr. Basically any books, art, or movies about war, horror, death, murder, crime, would be banned using the same logic.
Why do single out anything to do with shota/loli? Obviously pedophilia is morally repugnant and disgusting. But it's better to have sickos fapping to 3000 year old loli succubuses then them going to rape a child in real life.
life*
Oops.
Bro let it go, you've been making this thread everyday.
No, it makes you delusional. It's like an obese gross neckbeard envisioning himself as a 10/10 muscly Chad. Inevitably, you will try to seek out a female with the same fantasy which is unfair to her because she deserves a shota and you are not a shota. Leave the shota fantasies for shota appreciators, not shota impersonators
I guess that I should have added I primary masturbate to /ss/. I'm not demonizing loli/shota, I'm just calling a spade a spade.
Self inserting as the shota, still makes you a pedophile.
Self inserting as the shota, still makes you a pedophile.
It depends though. A lot of men only like loli/shota for the cutesy cartoon aspect and couldn't really be considered pedophiles ,because they don't like kids in real life.
There are also many genuine pedophiles who look at said content because it's their only legal outlet for their urges.
Pedophilia is the attraction to children. Self inserting to play as the victim being molested is an entirely different story.
Now if a woman were into straight shota THEN they'll be a pedophile since they want to fuck the shota.
honestly when I read ss I didn't even notice the boy because I'm busy pretending it's me, but at the end of the day, it's adult images of a child and there's no way around it unfortunately. so I stopped. I dont even attempt to look at dirty images of little girls, so I had to stop self inserting so I wasn't witnessing dirty images of little boys too
"I only look at porn for the art"
Bro, don't be a bitch. If you're the type of person that watches hand drawn or computer generated naked children for the "art", that 100% makes you not only a pedophile, but a freak as well. 
Like rich people who have oil paintings of naked children playing in a field, but it shows their full gentials. Miss me with that weak ass logic.
Why do you have to self-insert as a child having sex? Why not just watch adults fuck and self insert as one of them? The fact that you're masturbating to the thought of being a victim (read: child), being sexually assaulted, whether or not he is being depicted as enjoying it or not, still makes you a pedophile because of the medium. You are still a pervert. You are attracted to children. Just because you also want to be a child, doesn't make it less so.
Cause you want to be in the position of fucking an adult still. ergo not pedophilia.
simple ass.
as a child, ergo a weaking beta, and a pedophile.
Still, don't forget. This is all coming from a person admitting to doing the same exact thing. I'm just not pretending to be blind to the truth of it.
what is this obsession with pedophiles on the internet?
Yes it makes you, but is only excusable if you are a child or teenager as well. After 17 is a red flag
nuh-uh. pedophilia is when you want to do something to the kid. also, im not op or into /ss/ as well if you're wondering, I am merely stating facts and defending fellow anons from this allegations. and I am right
