be me
gay
23rd birthday
sohappy.png
No sex because I am so ugly
go drink at the bar because buddies went to party with out me
see very cute boy
shootmyshot.mov
he thinks I am very funny and hawt
Get to know each other
He likes my hero academia and Steven universe just like me 
I ask to walk him
we kiss halfway there
go home
get ready to do the dirty
he has a pussy
confusion.webp
she drags me in and I have the best sex ever
Am I straight bros?
He likes my hero academia and Steven universe just like me 
Am I straight bros?
you are so gay that it negates the gayness you previously had
Get the fuck off of my board normalnigger
oh yeah? Well I think you're a real fag!
He likes my hero academia and Steven universe
Anon, you already said (s)he was a faggot, quit repeating yourself
He likes my hero academia and Steven universe just like me
that was when I knew he was taking the piss
he has a pussy
what the fuck niggy
You're just prison straight
very cute boy
it's a girl
aside from the fact that you made this story up faggot, this is just a consequence of you losing so badly in life that you switched teams. 
b-but
Hatred is the only solution. In order to not fall prey to the inordinate amount of faggotry the average chronically online person is exposed to, you must have hatred for faggots. I have a deep, deep, burning hatred for gay people because they took all the nerdy bitches and gave them hormones and fashioned cocks from their forearm skins. You were beaten down by society, young faggot. I wish I could pity you, but if I did anything but despise you, your worms would start to seep into my brain. 
Last year I got my dick sucked by a man while blindfolded. It was the only time I've ever cum from a blowjob, and it was this clearly overweight, heavy-breathing lardass faggot. Men put more work into refining their skills, and they understand men more than women. I've gotten dome from the whorest hoes in existence. In freshman year of highschool, this bitch showed me 15 men she had sent nudes to, and I dated her for 6 months years later because I had no self-respect. Out of all the times she sucked my cock, which happened near daily, not once did I cum from that effort alone. But this fat faggot, this fat fucking gay nigger faggot, made me cum in less than 4 minutes with just his fucking mouth and throat. I've never felt more violated in my entire life. I wasn't even that turned on, he just sucked my cock with such proficiency that it was enough to trigger my ejaculation. 
so you hate gay people because one succubus'd you?
No, fuck you. Fuck you fuck you fuck you. I fucking hate gay people because I haven't met a single one that I can stand talking to for more than 5 minutes. If you fucking faggots weren't so fucking annoying and self-serving and pompous and arrogant and acting like you fucking know everything and have control over everything then maybe I would have more fucking faggot friends
cool story bro.
tfw no homophobic bf
Seriously, the fucking overconfidence of all these liberal faggots is such a running theme that I'm sure it's a prerequisite for being a faggot. Always with the fucking talking down on others and the "oh hun" and this fake bravado that makes me wanna knock their fucking teeth out. I wanna go on a fucking rampage and just kill as many faggots as I can with my bare hands. I wanna tackle some arrogant prick and just punch him and hit him and beat him until his fucking eyes fall out of his skull and his face is red. I wanna tear throats out of these fucking people who think that they're doing the world a favor by not reproducing and supporting abortion and shit. Fuck them, they are doing the world a fucking favor. Fuck your children, fuck the 21 million nigger babies that have been aborted, fuck the 40 million others, they were better off not existing tethered to these dogshit selfish assholes. They'll breed themselves out of existence for the most part then I just have to worry about protecting my tribe.
Thank you gay people. Thank you trans people. Thank you black indigenous people of color in STEM and abortionists. Thank you for not reproducing and only spreading your disease through media to weak-minded people. You are making humanity stronger in the long-run by ensuring your weakness does not propagate. Thank you for narrowing down the vast selection of options we the strong have to sift through in order to find compatibility and settle down. You have made me work a million times harder spreading my bastard seed.
yeah catty fags r the worst. I literally can't look away from their cringe in public. gay people that are female-socialized are like tranny-adjacent.
If I could find a guy that liked me and wasn't a catty effeminate bitch or an aids ridden fag I think that would be perfect. But it would probably be more difficult than just bedding a woman.
gay
Needless to say I stopped reading there.
female socialized
holy shit I don't know if you just coined that term but you just summarized my whole ass problem with gay people and LGBT culture in general. Women like to pretend like they're in control because when they're in charge of children, they are in control. In the absence of children, a common occurrence, they find something else to control. Homosexuals obviously cannot be mothers, and being socialized by women, they lack the masculinity to be good father figures. When I see that they offer nothing to a family unit or any kind of greater community, they annoy me personally.. 
Ultimate selfishness, ultimate uselessness, ultimately threatening to my and my tribe's children, I cannot abide homosexuality.
i don't even know anymore. let's just say you're mentally ill and call it a day.
