White boys should start dressing like this again
Are there even any "scenes" or styles like there used to be anymore? All I ever see is 
i agree, i really miss that body type too. feels like everyone is trying to bulk up now.
Prepubescent?
I hate to break it to you, but any "scene" from punks to goths to bikers bought their clothes in stores. Nobody is making handmade clothing for themselves just to fit in with their friends
scrawny and kissable
Submissive and breedable basically
guys like that are all girls now
No man, more white boys need to dress like this
Pretty true for the most part.
I was a skinny lead guitarist for a couple local emo bands in the early 2000s. And also I was easily flustered and fell in love with any girls who complimented me at shows.
I'm more of a grotesque hairy dadbod guy now though and I don't think I could feel intimidated by cute girls anymore.
Too bad I'm not into emo or rocker boy culture.
Asian boys should start looking like this again
I wish I had a woman to dress me.
I feel like such a retard going outside but I prefer it to having to look at clothes.
i'll dress you, anon.
Sorry friend, I said "woman".....
The budget is $2,000~ with additional for longer lasting items, no brand meme bullshit. I need 3-5 days worth of office clothes and a mix of casual/comfort and formal clothes for the few times a year I go outside for non work related activities.
I need a replacement office/suit jacket ASAP as the one I am using is over 10 years old and fading, but I like the feel and utility of usable pockets.
I'm autistic so no scratchy fabrics.
Am I dreaming?
I doubt a tranny would be trying to help you with your clothes, anon. That's probably just a regular female anon.
for casual/comfortable clothes, have you shopped at uniqlo? their stuff is pretty reasonably priced, fashionable, and easy to mix and match. 
i wouldn't be able to help with office jackets though. if you do get one make sure you get it tailored for like $50 by your local laundry place.
