What are your thoughts on this starterpack?
It's all true so good job.
A man made this meme.
Hey inkwells, I'm what you'd call a chad here. You chuds should just do what I did and join a polycule, the only think that's stopping you is your insecurity.
coffee women
What did he mean by this
You don't know anything about the true blackpill ideology.
Once you truly understand what stoicism is, you will realize that it is what you have known for your entire life. Women mean nothing, money means nothing, death itself means nothing.
porn addiction
Really sick of seeing this nonsense everywhere lately.
Bitter women grasping at straws. Usually fat ones too. Nobody uses porn when they have someone to have sex with.
Selfie of a blonde woman with a black guy.
gets tonnes of comments telling her "built for bbc"
Why is it so easy to tell apart images that were made as a joke and images that were made because they person who made it was absolutely assblasted with rage? I can literally feel the seethe radiating off of it.
Really want to see your hairline.
I just want to say to the nice girl who showed me her picture and I said she didn't look like an anime girl and that I was disappointed, it was 100% a joke and you look fine. 
I liked hanging out with you and I'm sorry I bailed on the crew. You know who you are. I wasn't thinking that it would hurt you, I thought you would know that it was a 4chan joke.
They do though. Plenty of women complain about their husbands being addicted to porn. Of course, a guy could prefer porn to sex with his wife for any number of legitimate reasons, but it's much easier to just blame porn.
I don't care. If you could've seen how much I cried afterwards, you wouldn't be acting like it's nothing. You can go fuck yourself, anon.
I have bad news for you. Men are dumb and they do shit like this out of stupidity all the time. I hope you move on and feel better. You don't deserve to cry over someone like me.
I did move on. I downloaded Tinder and already matched with three guys who understand me.
I've never used a dating app before, but the emotions you put me through inspired a change.
i always laugh at the projection in these types of posts
You know what else, anon? I thought you could be my person. I thought we could meet one day, kiss, cuddle, and do all the cute couple things. I trusted you, and you betrayed me.
Just to verify that I'm not being fucked with right now, what state are you from?
it's retarded blaming porn when the guys who watch it while having a wife are clearly the problem and not random people who have no relation to any woman
Lol you are a fucking retard
I don't care if you believe me or not. I liked you and you hurt me. That's the only part that matters, and I don't owe you anything anymore.
I don't owe you anything
took a glimpse at this little argument, you can go to hell for using this phrase. and to the guy, now you know she's a total capital B Bitch.
We've already established that. You dont have to be redundant.
I guess I'll be more careful with the next girl then. Sorry you had to go through that. Thank you for the learning experience.
this, women don't even make memes, they steal them
me, lol
its over
thank you god! truly a loveable god. its always a pleasure to miss out on love and intimate sex in your prime years
