how do i get rid of my autogynephilia
you could bind torture and kill
Realize that an ugly girl is better at looking like a girl than you.
Stop watching tranime
Delete all tranime pictures
Ditch all tranime friends
most women are autogynephillic. There are studies that say like 90% of women are agp. Hell even today at work was talking to a girl who was happy she was gaining weight and saw herself in the mirror and was just looking at herself and appreciating that she now had an ass.
wat
its over
hmmmmm okay
shut up faggot
This is the biggest cope I see trannies say lol.
If you find how, do tell. Been trying to get rid of this shit forever, but actual women are insanely boring and men's bodies are disgusting.
It's over.
well i do like men but im meta attracted
somebody already tried that
if op is omegabased they could be smart enough to not use a floppy disk
Hey OP, do you know if people can trace you to a computer based on a floppy disk?
as a tech expert i can guarantee you this is not possible unfortunately
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19591032/
idk man.
Fucking lol'd thoughbeit
Women are already women though. Of course they are gonna imagine themselves as a woman unless they are fujos or some shit. How can this even be applicable? Thats like saying heterosexual men have a fetish for penetrating vaginas. This is just obviously tranny cope. Whatever helps you sleep at night though.
lmao
I wonder why thinking of yourself as female is such a common arousal source for both women and men, yet almost no one gets off to thinking of themselves as male.
Sex might just be female oriented in general. Even gay guys basically reinvent female sexuality with the tops and bottoms distinction where bottoms are male women.
Not that anon, but most guys don't get off to thinking of how masculine they look.
Nearly all women get off to themselves lookint hot and feminine though.
Seems like a real difference to me that goes beyond tranny shit.
As a woman, I have to pretend I'm a man in order to get off. I think it's because I read a lot of male pov erotica when I was 11 or 12 and that was how I learned about sex
You are absolutely autistic.
Gay guys that do the thing you just stated, are trannies under a dozen of layers. Sexual identity is complicated and a lot of people that are not autistic lie to themselves, because they were forced to think a certain way by their society or family. Things are complicated.
Just ignore all above and read one below
You are wrong. Men love to think about their dick fucking a woman. It is why straight dudes are obsessed with their own dicks. I would know since I am one. I love watching my dick penetrate X y and Z. Then I also do American psycho impression while doing it.
One of humanity's dark secrets is that, as a general rule, the female form is universally considered sexually attractive while the male form is not (it being primarily purposed for violence instead of sex).
Not THAT big of a secret, but normoids have to keep telling themselves it isn't true to prevent society from crumbling.
Hot. I used to want a gf like that because one of my friend's older sisters told me I was a feminine guy (kind of shy and skinny) and that she was masculine herself and only dated guys like me.
But I got older and less skinny and more confident and ended up just having normal girlfriends instead.
Why should I tell you guys?
post ass and ill tell you
You need an Internet detox and to no fap for a while
