i had a birthday party for my dog today (she's 12). i put a little party hat on her, grilled a nice steak, put candles on it, sang her happy birthday, blew out the candles, told her to make a wish, gave her half the steak and had the other half myself. then i unwrapped a new chew bone that i had gift wrapped, with a bow, and gave it to her. she had so much fun chewing it before she fell asleep. felt good briefly. now i want to kill myself again because i am the kind of person who has sunk to having a birthday party for his dog
Happy birthday i love oyu
PS dont rape her
Don't listen to FP, rape your dog
Your dog would be sad if you did. Maybe you should wait and see how you feel after you let her live out her days happily.
Dont rape her she is so cute such a cute,dodg
She looks pretty young for twelve. Cute dog.
i think that's probably the responsible thing to do. the only time in her life i wasn't around for an extended period (i was in hospital for a while) she got some of my pants out of the laundry and carried them around and slept with it and even tried to take them on walks with her. what a clingy little weirdo
well that's not her, just a pic i found on google. she is a german shepherd but much more grizzled around the muzzle due to age. im not posting her on r9k because you dog raping perverts are gonna whack off over her
i hate dog people so fucking much kys
In a way she will love you more than any human female could.
oreganinnnyo
why?
dont be so down anon. theres nothing more pure and genuine than an animal being happy to see you. if you kill yourself then shes going to wonder where youve gone forever
he's jealous cause they get the love and affection he doesn't.
this is even more cucked than having a daughter lmfao
sounds like a great day. there is nothing wrong with pampering the gal and im sure she had a swell time. dont feel bad about it, she is just happy to spend time with you. give her a treat for me :)
That's nice of you anon. I think you're fine.
