NOOOOOOOOO WHY CAN'T I GET A GIRLFRIEND
My dad drinks a bottle of Jack Daniels every night. Why is this meme pretending that drinking is cool?
Being an alcoholic is not cool for anyone, faggot.
live like a monkey and buuuuuy, its the only way!
Ever considered that the women who want you to live like that aren't worth it, sheep?
I'm 9 days sober today and already feel a lot better in general. drinking is definitely not cool
Again, this only works when you're Chad, if you're not and agreeing with/going for those things you're;
A pervert
A drunk
Compensating
Respectively. But I know you just wanted to post your favorite bait image so whatever.
Jack makes me get in fights im tired of waking up with sore hands
Why does my man have so many watermelons wtf
Yeah, the whole tradlife thing is kinda a cope. Chad has pre-marital sex with slots. Chad drinks and gets high with friends. Chad goes to degerate house parties.
alcohol isn't even addictive it tastes like hair, medicine and ass.
some people say that incel is caused by genetics, but it really is just caused by mental retardation.
Mental disorders are impacted by genetics. Almost any doctor agrees that someone with a family history of mental illness is susceptible to being mentally ill themselves. Environment also plays a role but that's impossible to control up until a certain age, and some people get so screwed over by their environment that they're never able to leave it.
That makes no sense.
Mental retardation is caused by genetics.
watermelons are delicious and good
Drinking is not to be cool help not think about how shitty your job is.
mfw you think this is true
then why do people say not to drink alcohol while pregnart? and genetics cause you to get a girlfriend far more often, since that's how we evolved.
chad literally does whatever the fuck he wants. he gets to fuck sluts and do drugs and then he'll still have a christian aryan trad wife waiting for him. chad can OD on heroin and people will cry at his funeral. chad can force his girl to get an abortion and all the right wind chuds will agree with him if chad were black people would be calling him all sorts of slurs
I like big asses.
Drinking or not drinking won't matter to a woman and it's not a Chad factor. 
You won't even make it on a elite varsity team that would confer status unless you have the height and size to begin with.
is browsing /sp/ a good way to learn to like sports
newfag doesn't even know how mfw works
At least you're not confusing it for pov.
tastes like hair
What did he mean by this
I tried every thing here and now I'm just an almost30yo alcoholic
thanks a lot faggot
years pass by fast when you're 18 kids
This picture was literally every r9k thread from 2014-2017,holy shit OP.
The message? Normies will only respect you if you poison yourself and religiously watch retards throw a ball around
Chads don't rule the world though, guys on the right usually do.
He's the man from the math problem
