I'll be a paypig to a fembot if you talk to me in a loving and affectionate way
dude you need to develop a drug addiction or something, the way you're currently coping with your mental illness really isn't healthy
I dont care, a person can single handley support their drug addiction just by showing me affection. I crave affection and I'll do anything for it
heyy :) cashappp me at $bradandersxn98and then we can talk (ignore the name im a girl)
i would give u attention but i would wanna be genuine about it and would not make u pay. this is just sad. i also dont wanna do it out of pity lol. hope u find somethin to alleviate this feeling :v
Vc with me. Like any other job you'll get paid after the work is done
There's no such thing as genuine women. Do you want easy money or no? It's not that hard of a thing to do
how much money
originalioo tribes ascend
You have overstepped. No affection for you. Only desolation and despair. It is your falt your falt your falt your falt.
I'd probably do the same at this point, but I'm socially retarded and I wouldn't know what to say or how to act even with her pretending to care.
Fuck off then, your loss. Don't be fucking wasting my time
I used to play vidya with a guy and ask him about his day in exchange for gifts off my amazon wish list lmao, I miss it.
I'll take any kind of affection. I need the love and validation
Be affectionate to me and you'll be able to get anything you want from me
You already are.
What is your idea of affectionate?
Vc with me and you'll get paid after the work is done. It's not a hard thing to do
youre such a faggot
i hate you too
fuck all of you
anyone who is desperate enough to enable this shameless greed behavior
you should all be fucking euthanized
Be lovey dovey to me. Make me feel accepted, tell me that I'm good enough. Maybe watch a movie with me
That show sucked, I'm not talking to any anon who names themselves after it.
Are a woman? Want to make easy money off me?
What show? My name is Dead lol
I'd do it but i'm afraid youd like, try to come to my house and rape/murder me if I rejected your inevitable romantic advances.
Bruh how the fuck are you stupid enough to be insulting women while actively trying to get something from them?
Also, this is extremely pathetic. There's a reason there are no women willing to take up your offer and it's because they want nothing to do with you nor your DNA. If any woman actually obliges, it's probably because they're TLC level fat and look like the grinch.
Honestly, I'd rather to continue fucking my hand until I die than pay a woman to pretend to like me. If you've made it this far, OP, you can wait for superior AI. I'm deeply shocked at the gains made in just the past few years; imagine 2030 and bothering with stinky, flawed biofems.
drug addiction is honestly more respectable than whatever this shit is.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0348913/
right and then you ghost and block and scam people. no faggot YOU pay me ME first
It can be all vc, don't even have to touch me, im not good enough to be touched. Just spend time with me
LOL. Ikr but OP is set on running around like some little gremlin talking about "give me affection! please i'll lick your toes!"
Then no deal, I'm serious about this and obviously you're not. Fuck off then
That's not even the guy who made that offer retard
Men and women are supposed to compliment each other. They're meant to be 2 sides of the same coin. It hurts to see a whole generation I'm a part of poisoned
Here dude, I wrote a song about sorrow.
https://voca.ro/1b7InsXAYBEM
Feel better
No seriously, I'm gonna self harm again if I don't get any kind of affection. I need to get worse.
what the fuck do you expect us to do about it? I swear you zoomers are just pathetic.
What's the best way to drug someone. If they can't move they can't say no or reject me
how about I give you some male affection?
Give me affection, vc me. Treat me like you would a lover
Kill yourself
Please please kill yourself
You should really kill yourselves
Please please kill yourself
You should really
PooPoo PeePee, Penis and Vagina,
Women with dicks and weak men with vaginas,
so fucking delicate like mommy's fine china,
If you have complaints please wait your turn and line up!
I got a message for these little fags trynna
be a mommy's boy and a teachers pet, pimple face, asswipe, looking like they just had a gyne-cologist
Stick five fingers in your ass, no lube.
So what'cha gonna do?
If you're number one, shove it up your ass and make it number 2. (Oooh)
Ladies getting mad in the comments, and I'm hearing it
You think it was a typo with these red lines and periods. (OoOoOoo)
Ha Ha no comma, bitches with their self esteem get out of the sauna.
My shit lies in the sewers, closing the hatch,
I only joke about diseases and reference that only you can catch. (Ew, oh my god.)
And if you think you're fucking grown up, keep breathing heavy with your keyboard and fedora.
Hands around your dick with the kung-fu grip, stroking back and forth to My Little Pony clips bitch.
Go outside and ride a bike or something,
And get laughed at by kids to remind you that you are NOTHING!
And then, get hit by every car or truck that ever passes,
Your life flashes before your eyes! Oh wait it's your Google Glasses.
Never mind faggot, just pick your ass up and take you to the closest sign faggot,
I'm not done yet, you get up and you go home,
Sit at your computer and open up Google Chrome,
And then look at tutorials oh how to hang yourself at home...
And then you can hang yourself.
Is-Is that the end of the story?
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha, No son.
Kill yourself, please please kill yourself,
You should really kill yourselves. (x2)
One of these days this is going be a girl that rejected me that I skin like this
I'm not a girl and there exists maybe 5 girls on r9k so you're pretty ill in the head to expect anything from us.
very artistic, good job anon
wasn't just an audio clip insulting OP, pretty disappointed.
you have good guitar skills though.
Men and women do compliment eachother. Women just don't compliment you because of your fucking face. God, I was so thankful for you blurring your face in this thread until I saw you post that god awful picture of yourself with your finger in your mouth like a penis
What is it with you cringy edgelords? You think that attracts women do ya? You little fucking prick.
Do it faggot
Except do it right and finish the fucking job!
Kill yourself you pathetic fuck
My point exact
Lol fuck off simp faggot
It just takes one to stop me from killing people. Use that cooter stop a shooter
You are absolutely the most repulsive, pathetic and disgusting human being I've had the misfortune of coming across. Holy shit.
The reason you don't get any affection is because...Well...I just have to broadly gesture to every post you've made.
You're right, it takes one person with a gun to put a bullet through your skull subhuman
Lol faggot anon who are you?
its ok he is being 100% ironic for the lelz
Someone who regularly receives affection and accolades for the good that I do in life. I have people telling me the appreciate my hard work, my strength and my friendliness. I have people in my life who go out of their way to make sure I know I'm loved.
That makes me a somebody.
The better question is: Who are you?
The saddest thing is you actually think that just from some girl complimenting you, you'll suddenly become happy and mentally stable. You're like a meth addict selling his shoes because "it doesn't matter. soon as I get high I won't even feel the need for shoes!"
Literally embarassing yourself FACE INCLUDED just for some short lasted feeling you're not even gonna get.
this is some Tantalus type shit
