staring at gif too long makes u retarded .
be warned
It's fun.
originalo
That's beautiful OP I keep seeing waves and cube shapes exploding out from the center it's mesmerizing. I feel like I just meditated
Does it really? I'm interested. Is it like a perma-retardation?
this better work anon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_giX2SeUaI [Embed]
I can say the "3d effect" magic eye images simulate is similar to how abstract paintings looked to me on shrooms (simulated 3d). There were other visuals and sensations on shrooms of course but the magic eye effect is very similar
Its been spreading around discord and telegrams lately . Some say that it can make you smart while others say it turns u retarded but I felt weird pressure in my head once I got to 5 minutes. I also been feeling very weird lately . You have to do it in full screen and at least stare 3 minutes to see any effects
Stare longer 
U gotta do it for a while
I have a learning disability so idk if it will work but I couldn't look for long anyway it hurt my eyes too much
If u Stare long enough and bypass pain plus headache theres a myth u unlock powers or leave simulation so they say . But no one has passed 10 minutes of staring it cause by 5 minutes you get a headache and end up feeling weird
hmm
I dont think I could handle it for that long because it hurts my eyes and makes my brain feel funny I dont want to become any worse than I am already you know
Ive been a little sharper lately and my anxiety has sort of went away so maybe it does work . Doesnt hurt to try ? What do have to lose
Ok I will try again thanks I will let you know how it goes if I make to 10 minutes or more!
Ill be waiting brave one . One who dare wishes to past his limits
I couldn't do more than a few minutes sorry lol
What happened and what did u feel?
I felt a pressure in my head and started tearing up and afterwards felt retarded and slow . Couldnt do shit for a whole day
I felt a pressure in my temples and my vision seemed a bit fucked for a while
I could see the moving patterns for ages even after I closed it and evne after I closed my eyes too
How are your thought patterns ? And do u feel slower or sharper
I say I feel slower and more messed up in terms of my thoughts but not as much as I was worried about it being
I dont normally think clear anyway so
Try this one ?
And plz report findings
Aight. Imma try this after I take a dump. I'm hoping I get some super powers. I'll guess i'll do 10 minutes on each gif
Here are some more . Each one has different rates of transition .
am i allowed to blink
First one id sone. Holy shoit my wision is blury as fuck
Muy keyboard looks like it's covered by a cloud
Stared at >>73105944 for 10 minutes, no headache or anything. My vision is a little blurry but that's all.
