Pic related four months progress after leaving hospital
no, i look like an auschwitz survivor
nope
still a skinny wide-hipped twink
Keep it up bro, consistency and resilience are the key!
Thanks anon, I am trying my best
Congrats! you look so good :)
Based and liftchadpilled
top
Please fuck me
bottom
I want to fuck you bad bro
Lighting is shit but I don't think that'd help me look good. Started working out (basically just simple exercise) a week ago. Am I gonna make it? be kind please
Make what?
What do you want to make?
Try adding in some dips anon 
Dips will get you a decent chest
I dunno, I'd just like to be heathier I think.
I have been, thanks. I've been doing:
10 kettlebell swings
10 kettlebell rows each arm
10 push ups
30 second plank
10 lunges each leg
10 dips
30 star jumps
~50m farmer's walk
Repeat twice, add in a 3rd time soon when I'm able. I'd like to add in pull-ups but none of my door frames are sturdy enough to hold a bar.
a week ago. Am I gonna make it?
Bruh, it's only been a week. You're not gonna have any noticeable progress. Keep at it.
You're not gonna have any noticeable progress.
I know, but now I have the before picture. Thanks for not being mean, anons, it was hard to take that picture.
now I have the before picture.
That's the spirit.
progress
What progress???
he got better lightning
You understand me fr
kettle swings are more of a cardio i think. consider doing like 5 or 10 minutes outside of your circuit. if you could do lets say 150 swings which you propably could doing them in sets of 10 is pointless. its equivalent of walking up the stairs once, but you dont consider that a workout.
nahh what was bro cooking these months
Oh so I was originally doing squats there, but figured I'd just do kettlebell swings, since they also contain a squat. I didn't realise that what I'm doing I guess is technically called a kettlebell squat swing? Which I guess is fine, right?
Any other recommendations?
both ppl look really good to me (gay). I do think that the first person obviously has already put in effort for a while he looks very good, but if the second person keeps working out he'll also become even better looking (body wise) than he already is.
if the second person keeps working out he'll also become even better looking (body wise) than he already is.
That's probably the nicest compliment I've ever received. No homo, but thanks very much.
No problemo, I hope that you will keep physically exerting and bettering yourself. It would really be a shame to waste such a good looking body due to laziness and neglect.
You should do more pressups to build chest muscles apart from that you look really good
Well, thank you very much. I can't say I see what you do, regardless though, I want to be better. Thanks again.
Ah well, you're fit, you're white, you're young. What more can you ask for honestly? I don't want to devolve into a rant about the devaluation of perfectly fine men, so bottom line is just keep it up.
