What type of men do busty Slavic women like pic related like? Do I even stand a chance?
Usually three types 
Probably what all women like; tall, low inhibition Chads with handsome faces.
Here in Germany they usually go for Brown Guys or German guys. Us Slavic guys have to suffer
Anything non white, not even joking. Just be Churka/Central Asian/East Asian/Arab/Black.
Its funny to me how much more racist Eastern Europeans are compared to Western Europeans and yet still Slavic women worship dark men more than Western women do
I'd imagine tanned greeks and italians would also be popular with Slavic women then.
As long as he acts like a fucked up criminal. I don't see them dating an IT nerd, for example
I hate Slavic women, at least with western woman they behave like whores but don't expect to be treated like a princess, whilst Slavic woman are equally whorey whilst also demanding to be treated like a trad wife. I'm starting to think Western women are genuinely less promiscuous, just more open about it so overall they seem more slutty then they are while Slavic women have the opposite mentality.
I'm not even going to bother mentioning the golddigging and racemixing, after returning to my country I've become a vocel because of how disgusted I am. The only good thing about Slavic woman is they are on average prettier and thinner but that just makes them vain and narcissistic.
Are you Russian by any chance? 
t.originally
Why are brown men mentioned here so much? I thought that White women go black and not brown? I never had any success with western white women as a slightly above average pajeet. Do you guys think Slavic women would give me a pass?
Polish, but after meeting Slavic women from other nations like Russia, or Lithuania, Latvia etc I don't believe there are any fundamental differences in women compared to the men.
Our women go for anything that isn't native because it's considered rare and exotic, once they live a few years in the West they generally don't care so much about specifically dating Arabs or blacks because it doesn't raise their social status anymore and because generally most of them don't have much money or resource to parasite off.
polish monkey latvia and lithuania is not slavic XDD
though i have noticed as a slavic girl with slavic friends in their home lands they go for the exotic option but when they are born and raised in a different country they typically go for the native of that country
Me, I hope.
They would find you physically attractive but won't date or have sex if you aren't rich
Busty slavic girl?
no sorry im just about a handsize and underweight :c
Dobra fajnie zabij sie XDD imagine myslec ze istnieja tylko laski ktore jak juz chca za granice to koniecznie na zachod, ze chodzi tylko o hajs i ze sa dalej takimi ciemnogrodzkimi polmozgami ze wooow czarny, coz za ciekawy niespotykany okaz! Chcialabym mu ojebac pale z tej okazji 
Ja pierdole nie wyczymie
The woman in OPs pic is Milena Velba and her son is brown. Take from this whatever you want
This unironically devastated me when I found out. She was my fantasy mom during every jerk-session in my teenage years and I am Czech too so I could connect with her
There is no way that he doesn't think about fucking his mom. Mixed guys all see their mother as some sort of sex object.
Especially since he can Google his moms massive mammaries anytime he wants
Her tits are on her stomach. It looks disgusting
You mean mouthwatering and irresistibly sexy right?
It's unfair how lucky her son is to have such a bombshell milf as his mom.
That's ok if you have a nice butt.
Czyli to samo ale z koreanczykami z kpopu?
this is a 4/10 in Poland
i do B)
Czyli zamknij pizde bo to gdzie wyjada zalezy od tego w kim sie zakochaja i czy beda woleli razem zostac w polsce czy wyjechac do jego JAKIEGOKOLWIEK kraju. Zyjesz w internecie a tak naprawde zdecydowana wiekszosc normalnych kobiet nie poluje na konkretnych facetow ze wzgledu na rase czy narodowosc zlituj sie pajacu XD
Milena is Czech you ignoramus
Her body is nice but her face is so ugly I just cant ignore it
That's good, I hope to be able to pat it one day.
I like her face the most, the tits are just a nice bonus
dude can you pls not stop posting more her
