how does one get the drive to do something?
You have to believe your efforts will pay off, which is not always the case. Very suceptible to feedback loops. Positive or negative.
efforts in what exactly?
In whatever you're trying to accomplish by doing something.
Inspiration strikes 
Like lightning in the night sky
Fleeting yet divine
You suffer without having something. Most kids start working out because they suffer through bullying from their peers and develop body insecurity. David Goggins hated himself for being overweight and mentally disabled. Greekgodx hated himself for being fat. Andrew Tate hated not hsving money to where he said he couldn't sleep. All those asian kids study very hard otherwise they'll suffer a beating from their parents or suffer in poverty in their shithole countries. In buddhism life is suffering because of desire, when you desire something it means you suffer without it. Our emotions create the drive, the most common ones being fear and anger. So if you want motivation, you must genuinely suffer in agony, especially when it's needless suffering.
I suffer without motivation. I feel not right not wanting something to accomplish. I feel broken.
by being born good looking, tall, or rich
I feel like that'd do the opposite
You do it a bunch until it becomes routine. If you're getting distracted, it's a matter of removing distractions, not a matter of actually liking that thing or having some divine inspiration.
what if you can't easily remove the distractions?
If you're being distracted by things like vidya and 4chan, then you probably can easily remove the distractions. Even if it's something that you have no control over like construction outside or nagging family members, that's not going to pull you away the whole day. If you have time to post on 4chan (just block it in your ad blocker), then you have time to do whatever you want to do. Make the thing you want to do the first thing you do every single day, no other options allowed. You can only work on that thing or be bored.
how does one get the drive to do something?
By suffering consequences from inaction for some people. I am motivated by the rewards from my work though.
for me it's the implications that's distracting. What am I working for? Am i happy? that sort of thing. This self doubt is why i'm dropping out too. I just can't keep working towards something i may not even have any passion towards.
Gods greatest motivator is pain.
Just be(lieve in) yourself.
Can't seem to follow my own /adv/ice, tho.
