how does it feel to know that you will never a woman? you're a man, and you are disposable, no one cares about you
Yup. It's complete shit and I hate it. Wish I was born a beautiful female.
shut the heck up
Shut up doomer.
Imagine crying about the fact thay you were born as the creature eith the most potential for success and selfulfillment, who needs nobody to be happy and, because of capitalism, can achieve ANYTHING.
You fucking doomerfaggot
one of the hardest feels to cope with
Women get disposed of too, just a little later when they're not young and pretty anymore
A woman is responsible for creating all life, everything her spawn does is also of her doing. Moids are a dime a dozen.
I may never be a woman, but I get a little closer every day.
The opposite, women live much longer than scrotes and make up the largest elder voting block.
why would i want to be a woman negro
How's it feel knowing you will never speak English properly, ESL?
based growth mindset anon
the worst part is nobody even cares. you are right, men are disposable
and females dont feel love for anyone but chad, and their love is fleeting and fickle
You get to be the cute and funny moe anime girl you always see in your slice of life animes.
You get to dress up in cute skirts and dresses.
You can say and do cute things in public and people will think you're cool. Shall I go on?
seems like i would be a jester for horny men. im good
Maybe reddit is more your speed then?
Why would I want that?
Sounds annoying.
I prefer being able to kill and dismember people with my bare hands, thankyouverymuch.
And people already think I'm cool.
Whatever copes your boat.
incels are by and large heterosexual, reddit banned all incel boards besides inceltears, which makes fun and bullies incels, and reddit is for fags and trannies galore, pic related
you dont belong here. go to reddit and talk about being a little girl
Holy shit it would suck to be a girl. 
Being a man is great. It's like being a big modern American sedan or being a vintage European concept super car. I'd only want to be a girl to do sexy stuff for like a day. But that's just because I'm a guy and attracted to girls. I doubt I'd feel that way if I was actually a girl. Tranny's don't count.
I fucking hate being a man. It feels like whenever I'm around women I have to constantly prove that I'm not a rapist. Also being emotionally damaged isn't cute, it's terrifying to others.
Accidentally?
