Please, entertain my ramblings for a second. 
I'm not sure exactly when it happened, but at some point I've convinced myself that reproducing gives you the bad ending. Or you go to "hell" if you will. The more I think about it the more it seems to make sense. Everything from Christianity calling it the original sin, to the types of demographics of people that are and are not having children. For example, countries with the highest birth rates are third world shitholes. The impoverished have more children than middle and way more children than upper class people. The mouse utopia experiments showing how animals will stop reproducing when space is limited. I can't honestly think of a good non selfish/narcissistic reason to have a child. It's always either muh legacy (because the world just needs more of me) or wanting someone to waste their youth taking care of their degrading body/mind while they miserably cling to life as long as possible. It seems like most people think they're going to "haven" but if everyone went there, it would turn into a hell just like this one. You're born into slavery in this world. Your right to the planet and it's resources is removed at birth and you are tossed into a system that only benefits a lucky few. By having a child, your are endorsing this world imo. And this world is definitely some sort of punishment.
Thanks if you read that
why do people think suffering negates purpose in life
How does the dude on top left gets out?
Because for the vast majority of people the suffering far outweighs any joys it might bring. Hundreds of thousands of third world kids are not having a good time. Just because your life is cushy and sheltered it doesn't mean that most people don't suffer.
but this is what i mean. even if you were not born there would still be suffering. if not on third world countries (which are experiencing conditions many first world countries have faced at some point in time), then it exists on some far off exoplanet. is it just personal suffering that is bad then?
