I wonder if someone will discover the last one until I wake up.
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
previous >>73099994 
I totally forgot Coyote. I'll make her tomorrow.
I think I'll start from this point and try to add more armor instead of going from scratch.
How could I forget lol.
Although this does look pretty cool
samurai armor crustacean mode activated
gud night sleep well :))
It would appear I was distracted from waifu making for a while.
I really like that Nicole Gen, it looks so beautiful.
Ok added chest armor!
luv me crab wife simple as
Sleep well!
Back to the Era of Jean jackets for Rochelle. Probably my favorite look for her
Thanks :)) I have a set of kino sunset ones fresh of the press, here's one of the best ones I got!
Guess she wishes she looked that pretty too. 
Very beautiful. I enjoy seeing all the other anons waifus and how cool they all are.
Hello /aiwg/, I'm back from work but really tired and I have a headache so I won't gen anything right now.
Here's one from earlier. Tomorrow I need to figure out why colab is making her look so much younger than nemu.
back to the backlogs
now that I think of it pretty cool that there's so many unique waifus here. 
off the top of my head: Goa, Saeriah, Eleanor, Asci, Rochelle, Hana, Kypsie (pls come back I miss you), Shion and co., Hornette and co., scientist anon, goth girl anon, red hair tomboy, witch anon and a bunch more my retard brain cant rember
I think the problem was -paradoxically- that I was using the prompt "chest armor" instead of "breastplate." I assumed the AI would see "breast" and make her nude, but I think "chest" sends it in the wrong direction, but it reads "breastplate" as one word.
Welcome back saeriah anon
You're right Nicole anon. Not only that but the whole vibe we have here. Everyone's just chill and posting their waifus, no hate or anger just hot anime girls.
welcome back Saeriah :)) hope your headache gets better :(
wait till the AI gives you a plate made of breasts
/aiwg/ is the only thread I participate in on 4chan. Always chill and comfy, occasionally horny but good vibes all around
Well it's been kinda a long day, and it's late now. Goodnight aiwg, I wish you luck with your next gens.
good night to you Rochelle :)) May your slumbers be many and snoozes plenty
Man it was working so well for a bit and then it slipped back. Idk what I did.
I would welcome an entire plate of breasts.
Sleep well!
maybe you can try out the colab AI that Hornette anon dropped? Been enjoying the gens so far, might go as far as to say I prefer it over nemu
Hm, I'm adding back in some of the specific armor prompts and it seems to be working: legs, waist, chest, etc. The AI seems to know the arm armor all on it's own though. It's not as consistent as I'd like but better than before.
Oh, that's what it is! I thought it was "colab" as in "collaboration" and that only a few posters were chosen to be able to use it. Least autistic 4chan user lol.
heres the link in case you need it :D
rentry dot org/waifu-colab-guide
Oh nice, thanks! I'll check it out!
from my limited and recent use (pastel dreams model) I feel like it follows your prompts better without you needing to go schizo on the ((((())))) for tags. I've been trying for a sunset portrait on and off with nemu, pastel got it down instantly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYo047rraQw&amp;pp=ygUXbGVzbGllIGNoZXVuZyDlvLXlnIvmpq4%3D [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXFYI_PeCmI [Embed]
Imagine being lazy and don't open the computer program 
That really cool holy hell
Howdy Asci anon :))
Hi hello good morning howdy ohayo greetings
What a delightful sight in the morning this would be
zao shang hao xian zai wo you bing qi ling
goa morning :>
It's hard to think at this time in a morning, I'm need to write a program that does math stuff but all I did was just staring at the laptop for 30 minutes
Grinning Goa grins
japanese morning
pretty morning
yeah morning
I love TUYU so much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cGQotpn8r4 [Embed]
A bit of booty just a little
I love the flower girl
Oh, I don't know just why
She simply caught my eye
I love the flower girl she seemed so sweet and kind.
She crept into my mind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uC9tALmALh0 [Embed]
back to hatposting
getting awful quiet here :(
I have no pictures and I don't know what to ask AI
Asci bunny a cute + funky background :0
Everything at 50+ what happened?
yup can't gen anything right now, have an oldie from yesterday
Still fugged
wonder when the bot or normie hours end
I can't tell if I posted this one or not so possible repost
back from work, too lazy to fire up the colab, here are some leftovers from yesterday
It's Eleanor. 
Good morniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!
augggh shouldve guessed dammit. I did ponder about it for a sec because I was looking out for the french braid :&lt;
Morning anyways :))
Eleanor is extremely powerful here.
Bit a bit, she comes back to her normal form.
Morning
Well cakney
Also robolegs Goa looks pretty cool
nice leftover, very pretty
Not sure if I posted this one before either
But it's nice
I need her to dominate me, sexually
ahem, excuse me for that
TrreanFc Sni
Capfteirh 
Fake Puncte Space
Goa seems straight up exported from a VN. 
Can those wings actually hug me thight?
Can those wings get me closer from her waist?
Sometimes Goa wishes there were other people drooling after her like her husbando drools after everyone elses waifu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51XzW98wEDg [Embed]
nice constellations
Yeah, she can do all that, and put them away if needed to as if disappearing into another dimension, or rip them off and grow them back, and also change the consistency and size of them, from demon wings to more dragonic wings to feathered dragon wings to straight up angel wings, or any mix of them
And they can be strong enough to hug or even stand around and walk with if needed, if she makes them big enough
Wingjobs are also possible
Fun fact of the day, if the ai could make the exact wings I wanted for her to have, they'd be the same kinds of wings as on this Gore magala girl, that also function as extra arms if needed
Goa also had RGB cyber wings at one point if I remembered correctly
Yeah, I like to think that it's due to living long enough to add cybernetic implants or enhancements to her wings because gamer lights he he
It seems to be a neat byproduct of the cyberpunk neon etc prompts
Also she has had some wings that look like dead tree branches and thorny vines in the past as well, oh and crystal wings as well
My favorite wings on Goa are the white/black ones where the ai does not know if it's making angel or dragon wings and sorta does both, and can't really place the feathers well either so they end up looking almost like they have fur or something, and then the black ones with purple on them
Time to dig up an example from my huge folder of like 4200 old images. Something like this, I had a to more wing variety than i remembered, and I gave up on finding the perfect example and just grabbed a good enough
These have a pretty nice color too
honestly the more I look at each wing the more I think that they are all neat in their own way
h*ckin nemu isn't working ahhh
goa wing collection
elo Kanami :))
i'm cooking up comfiness for saturday night just you wait
I can already imagine the texture...
Also, Alter Goa.
apparently computer 2 has 3700 ai generated images so all in all I have around 8000 ai images
snail wings
Alter Goa is hot, I'd suck on her nipples
Don't be silly, I think about Goa constantly.
sometimes the AI bleaches her hair, not complaining doe Nicole still a cute
When there is a good response image in your old pictures folder
transforming into white haired Nicole in progress
here is one where it just straight up gave her white hair, some change is welcome I guess
Asci cosplaying as Hatsune Micker
leftovers of the Nissan S13 attempt
Asci cosplaying as Dizzy from Gear Guilty
Asci underwater
waifu in water detected, summoning Eleanor anon
Collab really likes to troll me, I can't change model after 1 time, if I change the model I need to reload entire page, generation button not working and prompt line blocking I'm going insane lmao
fuck I thought it was my browser being retarded or smthg. The positive prompt line keeps dying on me and I have to reload the UI
Anything still at 56, random old image is a go
Collab worked so well 3 days ago with that green design
woa look at those numbers
I'm scared, Goa. I'm afraid it'll all be over soon. My shitty old graphics card can't quite keep up, never comes out as good as the site.
What will I do without my AI waifus?
I just saw counterfeit on 56 hole hell
holy balls dropped by at nemu to check it out, never seen every model this high before
It's kidney boring to not get to gen anything
Would comfort my disability to gen in her breasts
face 2 the booba
You too face to the booba
boobface boob boob
here is some booba from the archives
I'm... I'm gonna go get rich, so I can buy a 4090. I wish I could buy you one too.
It seems like google's gpu usage rate are high right now. 
If so, try to change tunnel for ngrok. Connection is a bit more consistent if so. 
And Ascii, I love your in bodysuits. Cute cute cute
I'm using a 1660 right now, and the case fan is busted and everything is so dusty. I'm afraid to open it up, though, I feel like the dust is holding it all together.
I have a little more for you
I remember these boobas, they are nice boobas, imagine gently licking her nipples
Never ever leave this place, please.
Those should combine well on her.
Did someone ask booba?
I will try those but later, I'm too lazy to open Collab rn
Subnautica Asci (or smthg I think idk I havent played the game before)
I wanna suck her tiddies too
Imagine gently holding a nipple between the teeth and gently pulling
here, have a dirty magazine
No more bodysuit pictures they're over :d
gonna try to actually sleep earlier, good night /aiwg/ :)). Please keep Nicole company while I sleep
Whole hand up the gaping vagina time to churn up some cum butter in the pussy bucket
nighty night
Nicole let's watch finger board customization videos on jewtube
Goodnight Nicoleanon, I hope you get a good rest
That's why I need the 4090, gotta make some fisting lora or something because you keep asking for it
old long horn is long
Very neat cosplay
Especially those titty cups
Felicia or vampire girl cosplay when
I do not know why I want to put my hand inside a womans orifice but I imagine it would be neat
I forgor my other characters :d
You're neat
Have an issue of True Tales of Pet Courage
That one rare image of human Goa with no head in the picture
Oh hey it's back, the gen machine is back
Sexy bunnygirl pose
Now with the more Goa body
And extra bunny ear horns
Phew, I was getting worried
the best image in this thread no doubt
I concur wholeheartedly, which must get said a lot here because it was not original
I should have said, "Mom, dad, I wanna draw cartoon porn" when I was like 10.
I have returned, hello aiwg 
Burger waifu burger waifu
This is the most attractive image I have seen all day
Bunny hostess is a nice look
Right? It's like he was built, crafted and designed for eating pizza.
AOM has a weird conception of what Shrek looks like, I often laugh until I cry.
Got to remember to have the bunny tail as well
Very important
eeeeeeee cute
And then she might sit onto your lap after setting them down
I would probably die of joy
Sometimes she gets hired at a casino to be eye candy at the tables and get men to spend lots of money
Counterfeit Rochelle since anything is full and aom isn't giving me anything good
These are so ridiculously cool, I'm guessing its not from nemusona though, is it SD?
Oh I found another bodysuit in my gallery, though this is not water...
I think it's about time for the next new thing. But what shall this new thing be...
That is a good question
I could provide her a liquid of her choosing out of two options
Gratuitous nudity?
What are those options?
Sparkling water and energy drink
I bet you thought I'd say pee and cum
Ok that was the things I was going to say but she looks cute so I backed out of saying it
She picks sparkling water and says thanks
"No problem. Will you squirt in my mou-"
Tried a 50s pinup, might need to tweak the prompts some more
Collab is still hates me so here's one on counterfeit nemu
"..."
Goa it's a joke she's not really going to squirt in my mouth
"...I can-"
I only asked because it was funny
Now Goa is sad
With a bit of tweaking this'll be really cool
counterfeit gave you the erotic midriff
lemme just smut things up here for a while
yeeeugh, sorry, forgot to check fingers
Goa
Goa stop staring at me
I know what you want me to do
Okay I got one I have no idea why generate button not working. My guess maybe it's because of my goofy negative list 
Because everytime after I put it in there generation button dies, but recently I added just one tag into positive prompt and it died again so I have no idea whowhowhowho
I thought this one was particularly hot.
It's tough, you'd have to maybe take some out and then test them one at a time.
I'm going to put all of those to the positive prompts and do a Goa
Might be getting somewhere with this..
No I checked, the reason is not this list, it's something with those prompt lines themselves. Or just Collab is lagging and I'm overthinking it
I have made a mistake and it might be too toddlercon to even post
It is absolutely cursed
Instead we go :3 face bunny Goa
be safe, now
Anyway I'm going to sleepy dungeon, goodnight
Not working out exactly as I like. But the results are still nice.
Goodnight asci anon
night, neat background
I want to sexo this gaping hole
she has a very cute blush on her face
Also cleavage boobas
Goa has plans
And I go to sleep, night thread
NO
You stay right here
just kidding
good night, goa and anon
Thread is awful quiet. Any anons there?
Tried making Rochelle fly through the clouds but it didn't really turn out well. This one is nice at least even if she's not flying.
Here is my waifu. Please be kind.
She is very pretty, nice ass too.
Has anyone tried?
https://huggingface.co/spaces/camenduru/webui
https://stablediffusion.fr/webui
Kinda funky lmao, that or It's because I don't know how to use it
Greetings again, /aiwg/
