This place is too crass for me, it's all sexsexsex blah blah blah. sure I'm a sexless loser but my copes are crafting, audiobooks, pipe smoking and foraging.. seems like your guyses cope is porn and obsessing over and hateing the very thing you can't get(women).
Have zoomers killed the archetype of the lonesome gentleman? Has that archetype been over-rused by cringe-culturalists?
Theoretically we should have upstanding stiocs here, monks and mgtows, yet all I see is pathetic starving simps.
obsessing about women is conditioning yourself to get women
coping is being in pain with no hope
I don't respect your opinion ruby, sorry.
Men like that do not have children, and the ones still alive are getting old, in addition to being vastly outnumbered on the brave new internet, so as time goes on you would expect to see fewer and fewer.
yet all I see is pathetic starving simps
they're a vocal minority imo. I think most men have too much pride to mindlessly simp, especially toilet hating incels like us. Speaking of the lonesome gentleman, have you heard Henry Darger? He was a janitor who lived in the 20th century and he was an artist and a writer. He had a shitty childhood and always wanted children but they denied him because he was a single man. Neutral Milk Hotel have a song about him, "April 8th": 
Crawl across toward your window
I'm calling softly from the street
Always a lonely widow
Half awake and sleeping on my feet
I'm of age but have no children
No quarter phone booth calls to home
Just late television
Inside my bedroom all alone
There is no use in waiting
Offer up your steps so I can climb
Show me all your figure paintings
Etched in the middle of the night
Let me stretch upon your carpet
Let me hear the rain tap on your street
Knowing I am safe on the inside
Blankets wrapped and drifting off to sleep
I mean that's what hobbyist communities are for. I only come here when I'm too depressed to function.
I only come here when I'm depressed
Is here right now
Cheer up fella, here's a nice bee(it's 209% more effective than SSRIs)
Interesting reading about the span of his influence...lives of the dead and famous, huh?
