should there be an "age gap" law where its illegal for a man to have sex with or date a woman more than 3 years younger than him?
it would prevent men from exploiting young women and from being pedos
This is a very noble idea but being a pedophile is already illegal and they keep doing it.
No and you should kill yourself by getting your head and balls chopped off in that order
it's not, people like leonardo decaprio are routinely praised for their pedophilia so there has to be some measure taken
Just make sex outside of marriage illegal. Far better for society than focusing on something as meaningless as age. Don't even have to make it a crime punishable by jail time. Just remove the genitals of offenders to minimize tax impact. In the case of cheating while married it could be death penalty.
could also make it a misdemeanor to even swipe right or flirt with a woman who is more than 3 years younger.
Good. I support DiCaprio in his endeavors in making faggots and females seethe
Rich people are above the law. It could be worth thinking about changing this.
No, that is backward stone age nonsense. A woman needs the opportunity to gain experience and have a normal sexual life before she settles down, buts he shouldn't have to worry about age-gap predators while she's experimenting.
Three years younger is still too pedo. People should be no more than one month apart in age.
In an ideal society yes. You'd have to deal with one generation of men getting used sluts/a small harem of sluts their own age to break the cycle though. And of course you'd have to kill off/enslave all the nasty perverted men that prey on younger females. This would have a great effect on western society though.
to add to this, if the sex/dating is initiated by the woman the guy can be more than 3 years older but if the guy initiates he should be at least within 3 years of her age. that way she can still explore her kinks (like daddy, older guy, etc.) and not be penalized just for being a human being with sexual needs but we can still stop predators.
Sexual experience only lowers a woman's value and causes extreme harm to society. A normal sexual life is important, but that is impossible to have outside of the confines of marriage.
sex has nothing to do with a womans value. her value comes merely from being a person. sex is a fun activity between a woman and her chosen partners of appropriate age.
i am from germany and i abide by the laws of my home country, the legal age here is 14 and i accept this law fully.
germany is a pedo country then, abiding by laws is only good if the law is good. no surprise from neonazipedolandsestadt.
So do you think Americans losing their shit over the Epstein thing is a ridiculous overreaction?
That is not true. A woman's value comes from being a good wife and mother. Anything else is either neutral or detracts from her value.
In America it is 16, or some states 14 if they are married and parents sign in agreement with the marriage.
hey man i dont know about your specific jurisdiction i am a lawful individual but i cannot know every law so i'm just going by my national law, by our definition a pedophile is someone who has sexual intentions regarding an individual younger than 14. now, just a fun fact and not really related to our discussion but at 14 a lot of girls have gone through the majority of their puberty induced bodily changes, they can bear children and they have breedable anatomy, now this isnt an ethical statement just a biological one, kinda like people have 2 eyes (ideally), or poop comes out of the asshole.
No no, I think we should talk ethics.
You can realistically put your penis in anything with a hole.
Literally anti-biology nonsense
okay then, what ethical ideal are you abiding by when you say that people should only be allowed to engage with other people who at least completed 6574.5 rotations around the sun?
Fulfilling an obligation to protect the youth of my community.
It's incredible that they've successfully associated age gaps with literal child abuse. You dumb fucking normies will fall for anything. 
I'm fine with raising the AOC to 30, though, because I'm a permavirgin. Id love to see the normies squirm through that lmao.
No. Women need to marry men with resources/money. Age gaps are not only not wrong, they are a positive, good, healthy thing. An adult is an adult.
So a guy who is a late bloomer can only be in a relationship with people who already been through 1-2 relationships? Fuck off OP.
yes an adult is a woman no more than 3 years younger than you for the purpose of sex, otherwise its pedo shit
what about 35yo woman with a high income going after an athletic but boyish 25yo man for his high quality semen
its not womens fault that a guy chooses to be incel and not work on himself until he starts seeing better guys get with women and gets jealous over it. they shouldn't have to put up with predators just to accommodate guys with awful personalities.
he is in a position of power over her because of his privilege so theres no issue there.
The posters these days are legitimately so fucking stupid, I wouldn't be surprised if this was a serious statement.
Zoomers are obviously way too stupid to consent to anything, and they should just be banned from all sexual activity indefinitely. Free jelly bean for all castrations, broccoli heads!
no thats clearly not what is meant, its meant for like, normal ages. from 13 to 45, more than 3 years gap where the man is older is pedo shit.
Girls mature faster than boys do. Most 18 year old girls are more mature than the 45 year old rich men they go after. IMO, your 3 year gap policy should only apply when the older partner is a woman. A 50 year old woman with a 45 year old man? Yeah throw her ass in jail. But the fact is that a 20 year old women is fully equipped to date an older man, she may even be the wiser partner.
all sex should be illegal desu senpai
No, age of consent of 16 or 17 is fine. But I can kinda understand. An 18 year old woman dating a 30 year old man seems inappropriate to me because when you're 18 you're still learning a lot. Now if it were a 28 year woman and 40 year old man, I wouldn't see a problem. Even though the age gap is the same, you're a fully mature adult at 28 and can make those decisions. It's not the age gap, just the age of the younger partner. But even if I find it inappropriate I don't think it should be illegal.
Not what you said, retard. Sorry, go ahead and post your IMPLIED sliding scale of who gets to fuck you.
I assume bugchasing orgies aren't a problem though, correct?
Old men dating young women is good. The ideal age gap is 10 years.
do you think someone age 18 working for a 40yo is appropriate? or do you think becaue the 18yo hasnt learned about life yet, the 40yo is basically exploiting them for their high energy levels and low wage?
It's only a problem when the genders are reversed. When you get an older woman and a young man there is a real power imbalance--the woman must be thrown in jail. I actually think old woman young man relationships should be illegal with gaps as small as 3 years. Among other things, it facilitates fertility issues. But the reverse should be encouraged.
If 18 is old enough to vote then they're old enough to enter a consensual relationship. If age gap is still a factor at 18 because they're still developing they shouldn't have any voice in politics.
No, I think you gain the maturity required for different activities at different ages.
No no, all exploitation and trauma otherwise is completely reasonable. Only sex stuff is wrong; few things in life are more complex than using friction to reach a culmination during arousal, or realizing that other people can do that with you.
I agree, they have the right to enter any relationship they want, nobody should stop them from doing so. I just don't find it a good idea.
Woman shills for age gaps, another woman appears in comment section saying her age gap relationship is her best relationship ever.
PSA: WOMEN MATURE FASTER THAN MEN; A 10 YEAR GAP IS ACTUALLY ZERO GAP IN MATURITY!
But like I said, I don't think it should be illegal. I just don't find it a good idea.
3 years isn't even a lot, especially once youre an older adult. Women romanticize dating older men, they want to. Not every age gap relationship is "grooming" or Pedophilia
- coming from a woman (cant wait for you guys to call me a tranny for the umpteenth time)
No one asked for your opinion, tranny. Even if I do agree with you
Women don't mature faster, they stop maturing at an earlier age. Huge difference.
OP literally asked a question, love you too fren
Anyway it really is exhausting hearing women constantly say every relationship is abusive or pedophilia or grooming, takes away the meaning of the words and reduces actual victims. Your boyfriend who was a dick wasn't abusive, a 21 yo and a 30 yo isn't grooming, do women forget we live in a fucking 1st world country where not only do they have freedom but our lives are actually better than mens on average? Shit is exhausting
ive had one long term relationship that fell apart dramatically, then ive dated a few girls 4-7 years younger than me (i'm 25) and it was always perfect chemistry, like movie-style romantic. i was still scarred from my previous relationship so i have general bonding problems, but yeah i agree it's insane how well you get along at an older age with 18yo girls. one specific girl was so mature, we were debating extremely intricate philosophical topics way into the night, then it ended in hot steamy sex. call me a larper whatever, its true tho
misandrist bullshit larping as something it's not.
whats the first letter of your first name, and whats the first letter of the country youre from? i am almost certain we are in contact
