i'm so lonely and touch-starved i actually daydream about going on cute dates with my (non-existent) bf and doing relationship stuff. 
i want a boyfriend so bad, i'm worse than an incel really, but i dont care
don't care about the text in your post but that's a very cute rabbit
Cute, I would date you but I am deeply damaged and things probably won't work out.
it has been 11 years since another human being has touched me, you rancid attention whore.
me too, that's why i just dream about the possibility of a getting a bf. i know it'll never happen
i've never been touched or loved in that way, it isn't a competition, anon
Are you American? Mayeb things could work but I doubt it
it is a competition you rancid dishonest turdwhore retard moron."that way" weasel wording nasty retarded bimbo slut cockroach insect toilet water festering fetid herpes sore.
Are you XX chromosomed?
yes i am, i'm not trans
i cum fart piss shit in your open whore mouth
I would date you if you're qt and not on the other side of the world
Ok give discord nigger
Oh just shut UP. no one cares
i have a dream bf hehe i see him in my dreams we cuddle and go on dates in my dreams i love it so much it is the best thing ever &lt;33
This thread basically encapsulates why women live on ezmode. Having options that 'aren't good enough' and having no options at all are not the same thing. Women cannot comprehend the level of loneliness that many men feel.
i wish it was as easy as just adding some person from discord. i want a genuine, physical relationship, so i dont wanna be with someone settling for me, and vice versa
shutup dishonest retard turdwhore. blah blah blah nobody cares lying slut bimbo fecal smear
Feels bad
I hate women so much.
Ok then tranny dont post this stupid shit here because youre not going to get a relationship. Fucking annoying retard
fuck off the board if you dont wanna see people complaining about being lonely
women aren't people you retard simp faggot turdwhore moron
Fuck off with your low quality bait. Saaaaaaage
You have no idea what real loneliness is like. You can post and have a lot of replies just from being female, people asking for your contact info. If I do that it goes to page 10 0 replies. Because you are a woman. You have not and never will be alone in a non purposeful way. I genuinely hate you and your kind, stop appropriating struggles you have never faced.
