be me 18 
not doing well in life, outcast, depressed 
find this board 
finally people like me, people who can understand 
adopt r9k mindset, finally feel like I belong 
fast forward 
25, miserable, loser 
the older I get, the more I realize r9k reinforced my worst, most self defeating traits 
the less I subscribe to r9k mentality, the happier I am and the more girls like me 
This place is a mental cancer, and the sooner you get out and internalize your locus of control, the better. Basing your sense of identity on being an inevitable loser is a self fulfilling prophecy of misery and suffering. R9k traps outcasts by offering a sense of belonging, then keeps them in their miserable state since adopting a non self destructive mentality means you no longer belong and are scorned by people who finally accepted you. Fuck r9k
this place has some of the best conversation on the internet
you wont be getting conversation this good anywhere, really
it is cancer, but god punishes some people, and rewards other
god gives love and sex to the powerful and to normies, and makes us die alone
life is cruel, and there have to be losers
stopped reading when you blamed your life on an imageboard. yeah, it was digital eposts on an html css jumble that ruined your life, not greater massive impactful important society and you interacting. html totally ruined your life because it was toxic html.
moron retard.
the less I subscribe to r9k mentality, the happier I am and the more girls like me
implying girls like you for anything other than looks
wow, so much to unpack here
I will admit one redeeming quality is that you can have honest conversation with people who have seen some of the worst the world has to offer and therefore aren't blissfully naive. 
However, you can do that in small doses. The more you use r9k, the more toxic it is since the fatalist mentality can infect your mind. 
Complete strawman argument, I literally say I was an outcast in the second line. My whole point is that this place reinforces self defeating behavior, not that it alone is what's wrong with the world. Try harder
retard, dont use words that you dont know to seem smart strawman hurr dnurr moron faggot.
this "place" cant reinforce anything moron. html and css jumbles cant reinforce anything idiot retard. get a grip faggot moron.
typical dismissive, fatalist reply proving my point 
You guys shit on women for being npcs, but all your tactics and arguments are so tired and predictable. You insist on your own misery because you're too afraid of the uncertainty and anxiety that changing your worldview would bring
You sound very impressionable and naive to blame an image board for your sufferings. Sucks to suck
If your idea of being pretentious is someone flexing the word 'strawman' then you're a complete dumbass
oh you're a retard cuck simp troll, eat shit faggot son of a molester pederast retard insect cockroach turdwhore moron.
seethe mald dilate sour grapes and touch grass fecal smear.
see >>73100663
stop trying to seem intelligent faggot retard you dont have the brains to pull it off.
Now run and never look back. Hopefully more people join you and become decent human beings.
I was naive I won't lie, but it was largely due to absent or negative male role models in my early life. If you don't have a man to tell you how the world really works, and even worse have delusional feminists pulling wool over your eyes trying to realize an ideal world which will not exist anytime soon at your experimental expense, it's inevitable you become bitter and impressionable when reality contrasts everything you've been taught. I'm glad I was able to get a more grounded perspective and lose the hateful, r9k mentality, but I wouldn't want other people to go through what I did. This even extends beyond r9k desu, why do you think so many teens were into Andrew Tate even though he's a complete retard. It's just men without good male role models, who have been lied to by feminist idealists by life, embittered by reality and looking for answers.
I hope so too, but I enjoy shitting on the retards here and hopefully I can help someone along the way. This place caused me a lot of grief, so I want some catharsis, and maybe to help the retards here too who are stuck in their self destructive ways
You guys shit on women for being npcs, but all your tactics and arguments are so tired and predictable
At least I'm not the one unironically shilling the le bad personality meme. >>73100646
You insist on your own misery because you're too afraid of the uncertainty and anxiety that changing your worldview would bring
I was very hopeful once. I genuinely believed I would get a toiletfriend like my brother and dad had once. All that was brutally beaten out of me just by how uninterested girls have always been around me. There is honestly no use in trying because there is nothing to be gained.
Im a 26 year old female that has used 4chan since 2009 and im just fine.
No one will like you if you don't try to look and be better. No is interested in a man child or a person that is gonna be a burden. You need to give something for people to like you. Things don't come magically to you.
R9k is the best place to speak freely on any random topic.
You are copying because, instead of using this board as a place to discuss, you subscribed to ideas presented in SHITPOSTS.
Its your fault for being desperate to find a place to belong.
Nobody on r9k is an actual incel mad at women, you are the only one, thats ehat ruined your life, believing in lies
It's not as simple as good or bad personality. A lot of anons here have redeeming qualities that are overshadowed by their bitterness and hatred. If they just chilled out their bitterness would naturally be washed away by positive feedback loops. You can force the start of that loop if you want to 
I hesitate to believe that, but even if it's true it's probably because women live on ezmode compared to men, and especially compared to robot tier men. I've seen women make absolutely retarded life decisions and still come out unscathed because they play on tutorial mode
There are many people who unironically believe in r9k mentality. Don't assume other people are as well adjusted or disengaged from this place as you.
must be nice living on easy mode
i wish my life was nice
Nobody on r9k is an actual incel
theres a whole bunch of 30+ virgins in this board
you are delusional
R9k Is toxic but you're just a weak minded closet redactive blaming an image board for deplorable habits suck my nine inch black cock
Its entirely up to you how you process shit here. Blame it on whatever, but at the end of the day its still you feeling that way. Grow a back bone, take responsibility and shut up.
it's a race to the bottom. anyone who hasn't seen this yet is literally retarded or new.
yeah dude it's /r9k/'s fault not the fact that women are treated like princesses and have insane standards
you would've gotten a gf if it wasn't for /r9k/.
coper retard
i just like browsing this place
first it was because i felt like i belong here
nowadays it's more of a entertainment thing, and i absolutely hate modern social media and dickscord
the main reason i'm still here is because you retards provide peak entertainment, besides r9k i also browse /o/ because i like cars and that board is as autistic as here but its a lot slower
Or I genuinely hate what r9k can do to people and want to prevent it from happening to other people. Not everything has a selfish motivation, but you sound like a cunt so I doubt you'd be able to empathize with that sentiment 
I won't lie it was largely my own fault, but most people living very self destructive lifestyles are at least partially to blame. Getting perspective on what's happening makes it much easier to interrupt vicious cycles though 
True, the more of a loser you are, the higher status you are here. It's the loser olympics 
You're not wrong, but it isn't that simple. There can be multiple causes when something goes wrong. Besides, my main point was that r9k reinforces self destructive behavior and creates vicious cycles, not that it's the original cause of bitterness and failure that many people who stay here relate to. 
This place has its upsides, but is best in small doses and holding it at arms length
the more of a loser you are, the higher status you are here. It's the loser olympics
tell me anon how can you maintain any form of status on an anonymous imageboard?
No, they are not partially to blame. You adapted that mindset entirely on your own. I can involve myself in certain groups, and still be my own separate entity with my own thoughts. You know the feeling was bad but still engaged, and became engrossed in it even. Thats your own fault.
be me 18
use 4chan sparingly, /tv/ and /v/ mostly for recommendations
be aware of /r9k/ and how I sort of fit into that demographic, but stay away
don't want to get into that constant mindset
be me now, 31
don't fit in anywhere
don't really fit in here
don't know what else to do
It's just virtue signaling, losers who want a sense of belonging and affirmation 
Like I said no one is blameless in self destructive behavior, but environment does have a large impact. Imo r9k is particularly sticky because it has a very strong in group bias, the affirmation of which you can only benefit from by being perceived as part of the out group of society in general, and people who ar eon the outs of society in general are going to be particularly susceptible to and needy of validation
I'm sorry anon I don't really know what to say, usually people your age who have fallen by the wayside do because they lack a career. A lot of adult social relationships, including romantic, flow from career. In college girls only really care if you're fun to be around. At 25+ they start to care much more about career etc.
could we confirm whether there were incel bait threads 7 years ago in 2016 and OP isnt being a faggot?
people venting about their troubles is virtue signalling
ok
Yeah environment plays a big role. I grew up with a whore mother and abusive step dad. Am I a whore or abusive? No. I talk with lads just fine here. Its your fault that you felt it was necessary to shape and mold yourself to be accepted.
8 years ago you couldn't even say you were a girl here without getting flamed to shit, now you get simps asking for tags 
You know what I mean, they lean into it for acceptance and (yous) 
I already said it was largely my own fault, not sure what your end game is, feels like oyu're just flexing for your own ego at this point, so in that case you can suck my fat cock
How is me saying take responsibility flexing my ego? Youre retarded and this is why you have issues.
Because you're needlessly harping on it, you sound poor though so I will discard your opinion
You know what I mean, they lean into it for acceptance and (yous)
no i dont know what you mean anon, why do you automatically associate being an outcast with being a fated loser? I agree that this board is radioactive but if you ignore all the bait threads (as i have failed to do with (you) ) then it becomes wholly entertaining.
also despite railing against being self destructive, you arent a paragon of sanity yourself, making these weird other threads in picrel
also what is your opinion of normies
why do you automatically associate being an outcast with being a fated loser?
I don't, my point is that to be a part of the in group on r9k you have to be a fatalist piece of shit. In other words, r9k can be a conduit to making a 'normal' outcast into a fatalist outcast who starts living a self fulfilling prophecy of misery. 
I didn't make those other threads, but I have no way to prove that to you, so hopefully you take my word for it, but I understand if you don't. I think normies are just that, normal. I don't feel any type of way about people in general anymore, I think you can have a realistic outlook on people in general without bitterness. Imo that's probably hte healthiest mentality you can have
you read way too much into r9k and have no willpower. its a miracle you havent joined a cult and drank their special kool aid yet. we all would have been better off if you did though.
Do you really expect me to believe this is a different person? Stay poor anon
so you have no willpower and and are a paranoid schizophrenic. not a good look, sis.
If you don't have a man to tell you how the world really works, and even worse have delusional feminists pulling wool over your eyes trying to realize an ideal world which will not exist anytime soon at your experimental expense, it's inevitable you become bitter and impressionable when reality contrasts everything you've been taught
Can you elaborate more on this? What did you expect out of life as a kid vs. how reality turned out? How does the world really work? You couldn't figure it out by just trial and error?
t. sheltered retard
You know what's even more cringe than being a schizo? Getting btfo in a thread, then coming back under another identity, only to get btfo again
I had to figure it out through trial and error, that was the problem and source of my bitterness. Expectations setting is an important part of how someone reacts emotionally to something. I didn't even have the luxury of a clean slate. I was brainwashed by feminist horseshit my entire childhood until reality continuously punched me in the face enough to discard what I had been brainwashed with. The problem with feminism is that it pretends what women consciously want reality to be is reality, when in reality attraction is almost all subconscious. Since the past was so fucked up, so are attraction parameters, it's why so many women like dark triad traits etc. If the adults in my life had been more honest about how fucked up everything is from the beginning, I could have just skipped all the suffering adn bitterness and instantly started from a grounded and truthful state
You know what's even more cringe than being a schizo?
doubling down on your delusions and insisting everyone on the internet is the same person. absolutely pathetic but you are just reinforcing both points i've made about you.
Give some examples on how the "real world" broke whatever expectations you had. Sounds to me you just got hit by your first bouts of failure, which is normal.
realistic outlook on people
without bitterness
pick one, it seems we dont have the same definition of normie though thats fine
my point is that to be a part of the in group on r9k you have to be a fatalist piece of shit
no not really, only if you're an impressionable young man looking for something to base his worldview on and a community to belong in, which in turn leads one to take the "fatalistic" (venting) shitposts seriously
as I said though, I acknowledge that there is a degree of background radiation that can lead to psychological contamination, however if one avoids bait and doesnt things seriously, some parts of this board can be a good experience.
regardless, its sad that this shithole was the place you developed your worldview from anon, if permanently leaving brings you happiness then fly free
question though, how has leaving this board make you more liked by girls, what is different now? I dont get it
It is a different person, retard. Stay miserable.
The main thing that got to me was realizing that women want conspicuous equality without actual equality. Basically they want to feel like they're equal to men, not actually be equal to them in responsibility or burden. I can be somewhat naive sometimes, so I genuinely wanted to believe feminists were trying to create an ideal world. While that might be partially true, especially for the first male feminists, the older I got the more I just realized feminism in my lifetime is mostly just used as a means to power for women under the guise of victimhood. Yeah maybe in the 50s women were the 'victim' gender, but that hasn't been the case for some time now. Ofc they will never admit that though since they need the illusion of victimhood to continue to keep living their relatively privileged lives. I realize I sound bitter, but that's just a reflection of how I felt at the time
question though, how has leaving this board make you more liked by girls, what is different now? I dont get it
I am way less bitter and uptight now. I don't freak them out with my intensity anymore and I can channel it in better ways. Instead of ruminating about how fucke dup the world is compared to what I was expecting, I now can just chill and have a good time, make them laugh, make them coom etc. It's overall just way better now. Women can sense bitterness and it scares them since playing it safe was selected for in the past. If some guy has the body language of a brooder, they have no idea if he's just thinking about how bullshit feminism is, or is an actual psycho. 
Don't care even if that's true, your vitriol is just birdshit on the windshield of my post
Don't care even if that's true
i accept your total and utter defeat
So your knee-jerk answer wasnt that you gained more motivation to looksmaxx, moneymaxx, gymmaxx, etc. in any way and instead you just got women literally because "muh personality"?
GG I feel so fucking ashamed that I fell for your retarded bullshit LARP and gave my (you) to this bait.
You still seem bitter and uptight though
Gj, add the tally to your internet argument victories. 
Working on your personality is less tangible than looks or moneymaxxing, but equally beneficial imo. Probably the best of the three desu since there are so many added benefits other than getting girls 
I probably still am compared to an average person, but much less so than the past. My goal isn't perfection, just to keep getting better
but equally beneficial imo
yes lets take the LARP to its natural crash landing. You are bullshitting, looks and money are king. They are quantities that can be physically changed through effort. PERSONALITY on the other hand is a meme if youre NT, how the fuck can you improve something that doesnt exist as a measurable quantity?
just to keep getting better
yes keep getting better by going back to r9k and shit up the site with bait to lash out in attempted revenge for god knows what
Intelligence isn't tangible, yet it can be measured to some extent by test scores. Personality isn't tangible, yet it can be measured to some extent by a guy's success with women (after adjusting for looks and status/money). Plenty of guys with average looks and status/money get with hot girls, it's no secret that happens because they have good personalities. Robots tend to be anxious and want certainty, so they pretend like looks only matter, or that only looks and conspicuous status/money matter. Personality matters a lot, and honestly it's the main reason many robots are alone.
the less I subscribe to r9k mentality, the happier I am and the more girls like me
You never belonged here and you were never a robot you filthy dumb normalfag scum
If you were a robot, how are you even in contact with enough female peers to know if they "like" you?
please prove you were like I am now 
now show me how I can change 
I will try to help you anon. If you must know I started by talking to girls from 4chan, usually on voice chat. I unironically did exposure therapy, except for talking to girls. You can even frame it the first few times in the context of wanting to recover from your incel state, and many girls will unironically want to help you. Just be careful of the girls with a power fetish over simpish guys.
Correct. It's somewhat good to find a community of people who are like you, so you know you're not alone. But if they're all a bunch of retards who aren't about uplifting you, but rather dragging you down with them, you need to escape it. Unfortunately, many losers want to tear each other down to feel better.
Definitely, I've honestly been surprised by how much this thread has soured my mood. Just goes to show the people you surround yourself with have an influence on how you feel. I really need to leave this place once and for all. I want to help robots, but many of them are very set in their ways and toxic as fuck even if you try to help them.
It's pure comedy gold when incels think that they were special outcasts and had no chance to socialize as kids, and then they also believe that being a lonely male incel is normal and common. Blackpillers might actually be the dumbest creatures on earth.
Intelligence isn't tangible, yet it can be measured to some extent by test scores
Yes it is, im no brain expert but surely you can theoretically map the size, shape, health, etc. of a person's neural structures associated with critical thinking and pattern recognition. Which in turn provides a quantitative tangible measure for intelligence.
Personality isn't tangible, yet it can be measured to some extent by a guy's success with women
See this is what I mean. Consciously using the approval of others as the only metric to measure how much you have improved at something is a trap. You cuck a core aspect of your self-worth directly to the ad-hoc metric how much women, fucking WOMEN, of all inferior beings which walk the earth, like you. This is why imo "robot" is a better rallying point than "incel" coincidentally.
Plenty of guys with average looks and status/money get with hot girls
I will assume you mean that its possible to get a hot girlfriend with average LMS. Being an exception doesn't disprove a rule though.
Robots tend to be anxious and want certainty, so they pretend like looks only matter, or that only looks and conspicuous status/money matter.
Both matter and dominate personality if NT. Sexual attraction is based on appearances first and foremost. Tell me, what is your height, race, face/10 and norwood status?
willingly visits an online community
willingly makes a LARP post shitting on the said community and calling it cancer
"I've honestly been surprised by how much this thread has soured my mood."
are you stupid?
Yes it is, im no brain expert but surely you can theoretically map the size, shape, health, etc. of a person's neural structures associated with critical thinking and pattern recognition. Which in turn provides a quantitative tangible measure for intelligence.
I think that is currently possible to some degree, however it's not exactly foolproof and isn't as good a judge of intelligence as, say, tests. That said, it will likely improve a lot in the future and become a much better metric for intelligence.
Size isn't that big of a determining factor in how good your associated cognitive functions are.
Ok but the real questions, other than height, face, hair, are:
How often do you exercise?
What is your current level of education?
Are you employed?
I meant more size of the neuron cluster associated with the positive trait or whatever. Im talking out of my ass anyways but my point is that surely intelligence can be physically measured since its inherent to brain structure and activity.
This is why I despise God with all my heart and despise his cuck followers even more
Oh, I wasn't the anon you were replying to, I just saw what you put, thought it was interesting and had the mildest part to add to it. But:
Height: 183cm
Weight: 75kg
Face: err, 4/10? Not the best judge
Hair: Quite long (for a man) curly brown
Exercise: Daily
Level of education: Dropped out of Uni due to depression
Employed: No
Please put all of that in your FBI file, thanks.
long haired 6ft elder zoomer who exercises daily and keeps lean
you were given natural gifts and you capitalized on them through the discipline of exercise, good for you honestly, you looksmaxxed. Are you white?
Furthermore have you been fucking women irl or is it just sexting so far?
I have more sympathy for you knowing that you are depressed NEET and not a tourist, fucking brutal, what other maxxing/copes have you explored?
Kys you loser moralfag cunt.
elder zoomer
I'm a millennial, actually. I am white, never had sex, had one long distance relationship but that fell through, unfortunately. I've not really explored a lot, I just do what I want. I'm depressed at where my life is when I could've been so much more, but I'm somehow content with my current situation. I realise those are incongruous, yet they still both feel true, somehow.
Apologies I didnt read your post well and mistakenly thought you were OP, assumed you were 25.
Either way the sentiment still stands, its a point of pride that you have the motivation to keep physically fit. I understand the grim acceptance that you describe.
What is your current exercise routine?
I do 30 minutes of moderate cycling a day, and a combination of 3 sets of dips, press-ups, pull-ups and planks every day. Thanks, anon, I'm glad I do it, but it does often feel pointless.
There's some who are fixable but others don't really stand a chance. I myself, am poor, bald, short and old. I also live in Africa. There's not much I can do.
god gives love and sex to the powerful and to normies, and makes us die alone
You are the God deciding not to give yourself sex and die alone.
this place has some of the best conversation on the internet
what internet are you using
This place is 99% bullshit. The rest of the internet is 100% bullshit.
its subjective. for him being able to chat with underage boys and girls on discord that he met while posting here IS the best conversation he can have.
