how come blacks are the only race to resemble primates? humans are obviously apes but every other race looks "human". blacks are the only ones to look like they're related to apes
people living near the equator tend to have apelike features. big lips, wide noses, dark skin. its not just blacks though there are some south east asians that also look just like monkeys.
they dont. every race has features that are similar to apes. the reason you think blacks resemble apes the most is because
1. youre probably racist
2. you dont look at/see many black people
3. you dont know much about race and apes
white people are hairier like apes, have thin lips like apes, have light skin like apes, etc
Is this a serious question?
So let's have all Chinese people vote on it, since they would be neutral.
If all Chinese people voted on the proposition "Who looks more like gorillas, black people or white people?" how do you think the vote would turn out?
BTW I think Japanese people kind of look like those monkeys that sit in hot springs.
chinese people rarely see or interact with blacks. a lot of them also grow up with negative stereotypes of them from the media and they hate dark skin
blacks literally have large teeth and small foreheads. i saw a black guy at wendys the other day that literally looked like a /pol/ cartoon.
yeah. they look the most like monkeys.
japanese do really look like those hot spring monkeys lmao
Lol look at this fucking cope.
Stop spamming the same picture over and over, anon. That's against the rules.
all races kinda look like monkeys anon, especially arabs
dark skin &amp; wide nose definitely doesnt help black people look less like monkeys but old white people look the most like monkeys to me. its something about the huge ears and giant philtrum
chinese people are also racist. idk why you think chinese people arent racist towards blacks. plenty of chinese people hate all foreigners. they have a slur for everyone that isnt chinese and they think chinese are the superior race.
yes some individual people look more like apes than the average person. these are outliers. that doesnt mean every black guy looks like an ape. youd know this if you interacted with blacks more often
