How can I get friends at 28 online or irl
I am a 28 year old female who cant seem to make any friends online or irl. I am a autistic neet who can not drive I am a loser I guess. I dont use R9k daily more or less once a week but I should use it more. 
I am extremely lonely and really want more friends. I do not want anything beyond a platonic friendship since I am not attracted to men or women. 
If you want a fun friend that is basically always available leave a way for me to contact you. 
I am just longing for my teenage years back I miss knocking on my friends door and going out for scooter rides.
Kill yourself, foid. You are just a failed normie coming to a place where actual outcasts used to be. You are the kind of cunt who would make fun of people on this board but now you are asking for companionship?
 had friends when younger
fuck off normie
What's your timezone? I'll be your friend if it's not too much of a time difference
anon i know this probably sounds invasive but what if you tell us about your interests so people that share them can contact you?
I like psychology arts and crafts casual gaming nature light philosophy mystery books
You need to grow up, hanging out with your friends for fun is now over.
Do you think people dont do this anymore for real?
are you willing to post your own contact?
I'm a 21 year old girl I wouldn't mind if you are okay with my age that is. I won't be able to chat everyday as I usually keep myself busy with my own hobbies.
here u go kkui#3306
I feel the same way and I am a 27 year old loser with no driver's license either. I would enjoy making your acquaintance.
Cool my tag on discord is here
this is you OP? i'll add you
Ya this is the OP and that is mine
Which mystery books are your favorite mystery books?
search for volunteering groups around things that intetest you. maybe theater or animal shelter? there is one autistic girl in my theatre group and she gets along just fine with the rest. do you work or study?
also, do you like any sports? im sure there are running groups in any city thats not a total shithole
those seem like cool interests, OP! thank you for being open about that, stating these in the OPs will make your friend search way easier.
i hope you find nice friends! i'll add you later too if you are still looking
this
go away foid scum
