Male anons, you do ask before sending dick pics, right?
You have to go back /thread
C-can I s-send you a p-picture of my p-penis wenis?
LE HECKIN WHOLESOME 100!
The fuck happened where this is considered "sweet and refreshing"?
Op's lusting for dickpics but needs to jump through 10 hoops to ask
No, I GET asked before I send them.
Why are you surprised that your SMV is so shit when you hand yourself away like something on factory sale?
Notice how she called him sweet and not sexy. The reddit girl is getting off on how much the power dynamic is in her favor, not on how sexy the guy is. She will take hte dopamine hit of his simping, then deny his request and stonewall his attempts to sexually escalate. Women love dark triad shit, the real purpose of her post was to flex her power, not to say she found it sexy.
Only ever offered to send after the girl has shown me stuff.
I hate when women call men boys and men call women girls. We're adults, not teenagers.
I always ask.
T.ranny with a big one :3
willingly sending someone potential blackmail
I would only do it if I really trusted them, have already received nude images of them first, and they asked me very nicely. Otherwise I'm not sending shit and will never mention it because I know what women do when a relationship goes south.
I have travelled to the farthest corners of the oriental. I have conversed with the Dalai Lama and he shared with me his most profound musing. ''You send a girl a dick pic, and expect her to masturbate to it? No, it's blackmail, it's always blackmail''.
im unsure about this. technically im an adult, im almost 30. but mentally and emotionally i feel like im stuck somewhere at 13 years old
Can I see yours?
would marry/10
i dont send those. dick too small. if i had a big one i wouldnt ask. id spam my cock everywhere
who wouldn't, anon, who wouldn't
cuties like this exist and I'll never have them
What....what is this feeling...
Why would I want to send someone a dick pic? I want to receive pictures.
Wisj i was uncut like that. At least mines about as big. I also have a thin body like that
I almost never send dick pics, I did post my pp like once or twice but it was in threads about dicks and I was a bit reluctant to do it
Can i see yuor penis
Yes I do but not like this. I occasionally send them to a femanon I know and always ask her if she's okay and ready for it, then send it. She even said she trusts me more now and feels better about sending me more pics back which feels good. It's all about trust at the end of the day.
ummm.. okay '~' 
origami
I've never sent a dick pic in my life and I never will
Who's gonna blackmail you with just a dick pic in this day and age? Did you learn nothing in this past decade? Everything can be faked, nothing can be fully verified, just say everything is bullshit if you need to.
Imagine how huge the the dick pic database is in Utah. Goddamn.
Perfect.
Lovely cock
aww thank you ^^ 
you are very nice
Im the one who asked. Please cum in my mouth
Are dick pics real or is it just a big normie joke? There's no way people are just sending pictures of their genetalia to random strangers, right?
I wish i had a foreskin like yours, youre huge, too
Asking first doesn't make you a gentleman I'll still be disgusted you even fucking thought that was a good idea
This reminds me of that redditfag that straight up asked his classmate to be his fwb and was confused when she got mad at him and didn't want to talk to him anymore
you guys are making me blush
I didn't expect to get so much positive attention over a picture like this
thanks
There's no way people are just sending pictures of their genetalia to random strangers, right?
Do you really have to ask? Pic Related is me.
dont need to i have 8 inches
Damn... You guys have very cute dicks
Anon, don't try to gaslight robots in to thinking that two eight inch dicks are small. Some of them will actually believe it.
I would, but simply asking can also be sexual harassment. So it's better to not send them at all.
i wish i looked like you :(
Well yeah. I wait till the mood is right. I ask them if they want to see me jerk off or how hard I an for them. Don't just randomly send your junk. Sometimes they even ask first.
Teenager and adult aren't mutually exclusive anon
