I think I finally figured it out. People, both Christian and non-Christian, have posited a variety of reasons as to why Christianity is on a global decline (especially in modernized countries). One of the prevailing arguments is that modernism and rationalism have done away with the need for a god. This is not true. In reality, modernity (the breaking away from traditional morality) and the industrial revolution have led to a world that is undesirable for anyone to live in. The age of modernity was started by those who had already rejected God. Not content to be heathens themselves, they pushed their 'liberation' onto the masses. These modern societies then became completely unbearable for the majority of people who did not directly benefit from them, that they would rather cope with hedonism than with God. Most people have given up on God because they see no point in trying in the modern world. And in a way, I cannot blame them. Modernity has not done away with the need for God. Science can never replace God. But modernity can make people stop applying themselves in society (and this includes spiritually).
But why do Christians like this movie so much?
It's just a good movie.
Even with the fucked up morals?
god exists so people can cope with the evils of human nature and separate themselves from physical desires. why believe something that isn't verifiably true? sure it's noble to have the willpower for faith, but religions fall apart at their seams when you actually observe its effect on all of societal behavior. it's just not perfect. human reason can at least be communicated with as opposed to blind faith.
People "gave up" on god because they realized it rested on making positive claims about things we simply dont know with no evidence, and utilizes sophistry to defend itself from being shown as unfalsifiable. One of the classic strategies is shifting the burden of proof onto detractors, saying they need to disprove god rather than them needing to prove god exists
in the New Testament, Christ told His followers that in the future there will be an apocalypse before His kingdom is established on earth.
Leading up to this apocalypse, many will leave the faith. Even then, many people who call themselves Christians will be liars and sent away. 
Christ never said that His church will be super popular forever. On the contrary, He said it would be rare to find a true believer leading up to the end times.
Rome collapsed and nothing happened, the plague ate up 1/3 of europe'a population and nothing happened, man gassed each other in the great war and nothing happened, the hall of cost and japan nuking occured and nothing happened, but this time surely the rapture will happen :>)
just kill yourself already
God's not real and even if he is, he's malevolent and doesn't care about you.
idk. i have a hard time with faith because it is difficult for me to separate "true spirituality" from institutionalized religion
Now try differentiating either of them from imagination/hallucination
Christianity or any religion in our world doesn't address the lack of conviction and decline of social order in society and in the people.
If you can't even acknowledge in your religion why a person would rather lend his car to his sibling than a stranger with similar religious beliefs than him, then we are lost.
i would think real faith has to do with a mystical experience. not imposed on from a text
That's not true, though.
Not sure where you redditors get this idea that for the past 2000 years Christians were telling everybody it was the end of days. That's not true or verifiable at all.
It wasn't until the 20th century that Christians started preaching the end of days were nearing, almost 2000 years after the times of the New Testament. Amazingly, a lot of theologians and seers predicted the end of days will happen around 2000 years after Christ's crucifixion.
Neither is jesus ever existing true or verifiable at all, nor any of the supernatural claims surrounding him, nor any of the apocalyptic claims interpreted from vague allegorical imagery from revelation, nor any of the old testament supernatural claims, etc etc. Not sure why you speak so concretely on matters yet to occur, will the world end in 2033 easter? Lets wait and see and if it comes to pass, cool, if not then i hope you dont just say another year further out
He thinks Jesus was crucied in AD 33. LOL
nobody knows the hour but The Father, but it's clear we are nearing the end times. 
Do you really think society is on the right path? Do you really think things are going well?
ah yes....someone that didn't exist caused the biggest spiritual movement in human history that shaped the foundations of modern society. Sure....totally believable.
Yes i forgot, even the date he was supposedly crucified on isnt even agreed upon. A range from 30-33ad is what is generally accepted, but even then it could be before or after
it's only thought to be 33 by literal retards. Herod died in like 5 BC
First you would have to show that a god exists, let alone that your specific god exists, let alone that a person on earth was a manifestation of that god, let alone that years after his supposed execution and resurrection someone that never knew him had a vision of him and then was given revelations to write down that had allegorical predictions of apocalypse, then that the predictions apply to what is occuring today
No matter what, nothing will remove your reprobate status. Christ could appear before you and you would still not be able to follow Him if you were a reprobate. 
The Pharisees saw Christ working miracles and they still chose to deny and blaspheme Him.
If you want proof of Christ, open the door and invite Him in. Live in accordance with His teachings so you can be spiritually well enough to sense His presence, and humbly ask Him to show Himself to you by entering your life. See what happens.
Me debating with you will never be able to soften your heart.
Got it, you dont have any evidence beyond your imagination or i imagine some philosophical sophistry like presuppositionalism where you define god into existence as being necessary. At least you follow reprobate doctrine though since its actually in the bible, a lot of groups dont follow whats in the bible for some reason
it seems you're asking for worldly solutions to spiritual problems.
I can't heal you of your disbelief the same way you can't prove to me that numbers exist, or love exists.
There are some people that can't do math, there are some people that are so blackpilled they think love is a lie, there are some people who can't sense God. How can you expect spiritual knowledge if you're living a spiritually destitute life?
Then you couldnt differentiate those "spiritual" experiences from imagination as i said prior. Feel free to describe the experiences as best you can, whether they entail visions, sounds, voices, images, etc etc. How do you induce them? Sit in silence for a while? Stop sitting on a high horse and lets hash this out, because if youre wrong then that should be life altering to you, same for if im wrong for me
Thank you for proving my point lol
There are some people that can't do math, there are some people that are so blackpilled they think love is a lie, there are some people who can't sense God. How can you expect spiritual knowledge if you're living a spiritually destitute life?
Wow anon. That's actually pretty deep. I think we experience God when we look for Him.
I embraced the world and found no fulfillment in wealth, status, sex, drugs, or any temporal thing. The only thing that gave me true fulfillment was pursuing Jesus Christ. Reading His words and the story of His life resonates with me in a way that nothing else does, and I've read other religious texts. I have always sensed the love of Christ and the Holy Spirit, but it wasn't until I repented of my ways and turned to Christ completely that I found true peace and fulfillment.
Nothing in this world can inhabit the room in your heart that only Christ can enter.
Where is the spiritual experience part, lets skip past the credulity
Scholars also agree on a range of 30-33 CE as the date when he was crucified, so what is your point?
What's not to like about a magic guy taking kids back to his slavery powered factory?
the same way it sounds like gibberish when two mathematicians are discussing advanced algorithms and methods, the same way it sounds ridiculous to an atheist when somebody is discussing spiritual matters.
I'm sorry, anon. I can't help you. You're on your own path. If you want to find God, seek Him.
Scholars
Oh, you mean Christian scholars? Cool. Don't care
Yes, because there's historical accounts of the year he died lol. There is no ongoing academic debate about when Herod died outside of retarded Christians who want to put Jesus' birth at 1 AD. Congratulations, you outed yourself as a retard
I invited Him in. He said "no thanks bro, I'm good (no homo)" :(
Yes, thats why i gave a specific year for herod's death which is agreed upon from records vs estimations of jesus death in a range, and im not a christian in fact every post ive made in this thread is asking christians to justify their claims
Interesting point but the world has always remained apart from God ever since Adam and Eve ate the fruit and it's only gotten worse since then. You will always have to set yourself away from the world in some capacity in order to truly live with God and live a Godly life. I guess things are.. strange now because the mentalities our societies have are so unusual compared to how societies have been for most of human history. This type of secular materialistic type of worldview is extremely recent and while previously a Christian would have to contend with living in Christian countries with rulership that isn't always interested in fully adhering to that or living in a non-Christian country where the country is a different religion (either Buddhist, Muslim, Pagan or some other) now you have to deal with secular countries where some people are Christian, some are other organized religions, some are "spiritual" or part of non-organized religions, some don't believe in anything at all, and some are occultists. There's no unity between the mentalities of the populace itself, nor is there unity between the differing mentalities of the populace and their government. Everything is divided and half the people don't even know what they want and are just along for the ride, albeit unwillingly.
Except a mathematician is attempting to describe reality with a language of logic while spiritual people are trying to make sense of our reality through imagination and supposed supernatural means, which are as of yet untestable and as such not reliable metrics. You couldnt hope to try and describe your experiences unless i already accepted all your claims and believed what you believed, but how do you discredit muslim claims of communing with allah, hindu claims of seeing their various gods and goddesses, buddhist claims of seeing different lives, etc etc? Why are theirs lies or false while yours is real, when they appear to be of a similar function
you realize there were 3 Herods, right?
Herod Agrippa I is the one spoken of in the book of Acts, he was the grandson of Herod the Great.
Same. Except my experience was with Vishnu.
why are you differentiating between spiritual people and mathematicians/intellectuals?
You realize that MOST of the worlds greatest scientists/mathematicians were theists, right?
Did you know that the big bang theory was developed by a Christian priest?
Abrahamic religions in general have been declining, except Islam, and that's only increasing because muslims tend to have more babies, so they aren't really converting anyone, it's just that most Muslims are those born into it. Also, I disagree that modernity rejects God/Religion, those who love in modernity still worship things, they just don't think what they're worshipping is a "god" or "deity" even though it is. Money is many people's "god".
Simply put, they are false because they are false. Duh. There is only one truth. Either the Christian is a fool, or the hindu is a fool. Or both. But the Christian can say that the Hindu is wrong because the Christian is right. The Hindu only thinks he's right. Now, as to how we know that the Christian is right...that's another topic.
I embraced the world and found no fulfillment in wealth, status, sex, drugs, or any temporal thing. The only thing that gave me true fulfillment was pursuing Jesus Christ.
Affective Fallacy. 
Confirmation bias.
Did they also breath air and drink water? Atheism has been fairly uncommon until relatively recently, not non existant mind you but nowhere near what it is now simply because people were raised in religion since its been around basically. Mathematic discoveries are a credit to the minds that discover them, not sure why people try to claim collectively what is an individual accomplishment as if its a reflection upon them
Thats a nice tautology, but it would be even more nice if you could back it up. Simply claiming theyre wrong isnt good enough when they can do the same to you and both rest in equal evidence
Yes. I never said they couldn't claim to be right. But that doesn't make them right. If simply claiming something made it the case, then everybody would be right and at the same time everybody would be wrong. Which is impossible. Hypothetically if hinduism were true, my previous statement would apply to them as well.
What planet do you live on? Have you looked at South Korea? Christianity is exploding in Asia. In Europe, sure it's taken a massive dive, but that's kind of inevitable when the state agendas always topple those of the churches.
Neither does it make you right though
atheism was trending in the 2000s and early 2010s but has since dwindled because it's an empty well. 
Atheism lacks a moral anchor, a purpose. 
Atheist mentality always leads to cultural morality, i.e. if the people around you believe it's okay, then it's okay. This is what leads to transgenderism, homosexual marriages, porn, etc. 
Atheism mentality could argue that cannibalism is okay if the people around you believe it's okay. There needs to be an anchor, and that anchor is Jesus Christ.
No. The fact that Christianity claims to be right does not make it right. Christianity is right because it is right. Just like anything else on the planet is right because it is right.
Nah, this is what the secularists get wrong. Look at the invention of gunpowder for example. It doesn't matter how "smart" you are, no country outside of China could ever develop gunpowder because the Taoist worldview was one that even allowed for its accidental creation. Even among other countries at the time period that possessed traditions of alchemy, none of them were operating from the framework that the ultimate goal in life is physical immortality because of doctrine from the Toa Te Ching . Worldview matters more than mind, because without the proper guidance your "bright minds" will be left directionless and purposeless.
Great. Prove it
You seem to misunderstand what atheism is, its not a positive belief claim or system, its simply the rejection of theism, a supernatural entity. Secular models of morality are what youre thinking of, of which there are many
Oh forgive me, i mustve misremembered proto math being developed under ancient india, calculus being developed in golden age of islam, various mathematical systems being developed in ancient greece, christianity is just tailor made for mathematicians to discover everything :). Really, idk where youre getting this notion from
are you fucking retarded?
What is your standard of morality? If I say cannibalism is okay, even eating people alive, what standard can you provide to say it's immoral?
Also do you think same sex marriages/transgenderism are okay?
You're asking the wrong guy. I personally believe in Christ because I believe in the supernatural-ness of the Bible. I studied a lot about it and there were too many weird coincidences about it to be made by man. Again, i'm not an apologist, so I won't attempt to convince you of anything. But if you are genuinely interested, there is a book called "Why I believe the Bible is literally true." I forgot who wrote it, but it highlighted many people's attempts to disprove the Bible, only to be proved wrong themselves.Also, studying the dead sea scrolls and the fact that either Jesus is actual fulfillment of prophecy, or the people who tried to make a self-fulfilling prophecy failed miserably because the Jews rejected Jesus. It made me think a lot. Hope that helps.
Who is the retard here?
This is the problem with atheists. You can't understand that socializing your own worldview has disastrous consequences on society and when someone points this out instead of acknowledging this you develop cope and switch into denial mode about how "muh atheism isn't a worldview because I say so". 
secular models of morality
The problem with secular morality is that it's all relative and effectively meaningless because there's no anchor. In a world without God, in other words, there is no standard of judgement outside of yourself that is relational, you have no reason to do anything other than whim. Why shouldn't you move to Yellowstone or the back end of Wisconsin to murder a person you really despise if you're an atheist and don't believe in anything? Compare that to how a Christian or even a Buddhist isn't supposed to murder other human beings no matter how much hatred he has since it conflicts with proper practice. 
rejection of supernatural entity
So you don't see how this framework leads into materialism and the rejection of spirits, ghosts, and all supernatural entities to begin with regardless of their actual tangible presence? 
In fact it's a negative belief claim and system since you're adamantly proposing that a supernatural entity does not exist despite the contrary. Agnosticism is a more reasonable position than atheism if you do not have God in your life.
Ive been talking to religious groups and listening to various philosophy debates and discussions, mostly phds in philosophy and theology discussing things of which theres a suprising amount of videos. I accept the possibility im wrong and there is a god or gods, but i just havent seen sufficient evidence to suggest that beyond people making claims
Okay so the man who invented the MRI scan is a young earth creationist. You don't see how his worldview impacted his motivation to even create technology that helps cure cancer? If you can't see how worldview decides direction which decides actions then I'm afraid you need to reconsider how you approach life. Believing in nothing will get you nothing in return.
Atheism literally isnt a world view. Theres no framework, no moral system, no nothing, its literally just "i am not convinced of theistic claims". Thats it. I get you want atheism to be a positive claim so they have the burden of proof, but its not
problem with secular morality
I accept all of that, but god solves none of those. God has NO explanatory power, it simply tethers all understanding to something that is fundamentally unknowable and calls it a day
dont see how it leads into materialism
When there is evidence of the supernatural, lets talk. Until then, we cant really agree on anything since its not demonstrable
Think of a court, a person is not judged as innocent, rather they are not guilty. Why? Because its possible they did commit the crime, there simply is not enough evidence to prove it. Same for atheism. Theology is not guilty of being true. Not that its untrue, merely there isnt enough evidence to deem it true. You can believe it if you like, you can accept it as 100% true beyond any shadow of a doubt, but then you have to try and justify that to others which you cant do
I believe irreligion in Korea is growing more.
There's no framework
There is actually, but you can't see it for some reason. Atheists have no anchor. Their framework is that of confusion and uncertainty, that is their anchor. It is of lack itself.
god solves none of those
I think you need to study Theological frameworks more. 
understanding to something unknowable
Funnily enough this harkens to my previous statement at the beginning of this post pointing how atheists possess spirits of confusion and uncertainty as their guiding anchors. You don't believe in God or know what stable relationships are, or really know anything in all honesty, and this is how you meander through lie, confused and disoriented by a world you can't make sense of on your own understanding yet still try to navigate it through your own understanding. 
think of a court
Where do you think the idea of a court comes from? God is the judge and the jury. Secular courts inevitably become tyranny because the government's power is established by nothing outside of itself. And yes I know you're making a metaphor, but I bring this up here you are claiming not to believe in God yet it is God who establishes that which is truly important in life
Well I'm not here to do that since that's something only God can do and show you as He showed me. I used to an atheist too before I found God. You're not interested in being "convinced" though but that's not important because it's better for Him to show you who He is than it is for someone to explain who He is. I tell you now if you decide to pray to the Lord and ask Him to reveal Himself to you, He will.
The evidence involves getting off your ass and visiting a haunted house. If you want to experience the supernatural there is nothing except you that is stopping you from experiencing it. But no, you're not interested in that. You want information spoon fed conveniently and don't want to put any effort or strain on your own part when it comes to seeking the truth.
Their framework is that of confusion and uncertainty, that is their anchor. It is of lack itself.
"Theistic claims dont have sufficient evidence to warrant belief in them" that is the extent of atheism. What your problem is with is secular world views, or that atheists dont buy into your theistic claims, which is just a reflection of your lack of evidence for them
I think you need to study Theological frameworks more. 
God has no explanatory power, as i said which you wont accept because youre christian. God is a stand in for understanding, he IS morality, he IS love, he IS etc its his nature. Meanwhile god is also not knowable on a fundamental level due to our finite and contingent minds
Funnily enough this harkens to my previous statement 
Ok so here all you can do is assume things based on your understanding of god and that people who dont follow him cannot be good or have good relationships or whatever else, meanwhile back in reality countless christians are abbhorantly immoral people and countless atheists are very moral people, and vice versa. Unless you think all atheists are bad, which you would have to explain how atheists performing good deeds like saving lives, helping the poor, adopting impoverished children and whatever else arent actually doing good things or are actually following christian morals without knowing it or whatever other mental hoops you would have to jump through to hide from morality outside of your god existing
Where do you think the idea of a court comes from? 
Secular models of litigation that evolved out of a reaction to kangaroo courts of religious persecution prior
Cool, so your god just decided to keep his existence so vacuous and unconcrete that you have to jump through whatever arbitrary hurdles(or not for some people) before he "reveals" himself to you which you cant show to other people as a personal experience
Slept overnight in supposedly haunted places, sought out the supernatural extensively, never encountered anything yet that couldnt be explained through natural means
scary noises
Always birds, other people, random creaks
ghosts
Never seen any, as of yet
Ok, thanks for the input, feel free to share your own paranormal experiences
So do you not see how socializing people to not believe in God ends up with people rejecting religion, spirituality, and resorting to the government and mass media as a framework for direction due to their recent lack of direction? You can argue the semantics that atheism is simply just not believing in God and that it can be independent of specific worldviews and frameworks, but do you honestly not see that even socializing this concept leads to worldviews that use atheism as part of its framework such as materialism and Darwinism and moral relativism?
God is everything but also knowable 
Well God knows more than you. He is more loving than you, He is kinder than you, He is wiser than you, as He is to all humans on this earth. You can know God better by getting closer to God and reading the works of those who are close to Him, just as you can know the Buddha by listening to what he taught. The problem is that you're not interested in this. You don't care about what God says about God or what those who follow God say about God, you're more interested in finding contrived excuses to live apart from God. 
The thing is that atheists don't do anything good that is from their own will because only God is good and everything good comes from Him, and you would know this if you decided to read scripture to learn the character and nature of God. Subsequently there is no action you can do that is good enough to guarantee salvation because only Christ can set us free from sin. Christians do not give to the poor to earn "good boy points" or "go to heaven" they give to the poor because we are the poor and Christ gave to us. No servant is greater than his master. As Christ has washed our feet and gave us bread, so are we expected to do the same for others, but it is not through the washing of the feet nor the giving of the bread that saves in itself on its own strength.
Do you have any proof you actually did this or are you just bullshitting me to feed ego and be an argument andy?
No more than socializing people into religion causes them to believe in and trust the religious institution they were raised in. Weird point you have
god knows more than you
Yup, your god is all knowing and im just a person, thats why he made himself only knowable through a book written by mostly anonymous people eons ago in dead languages and gives some people personal hallucinations of him. Feel free to give us god's stance on slavery
Ah i see, so you define god as everything that is good so that you can say anyone doing good is secretly acting on god's will without their knowing. But wait islam also says that everyone is actually a muslim but doesnt know it, thats why you revert to islam, not convert. Oh but theyre wrong and youre right because you just know it and you cant possibly be wrong because god is right and you experienced him but you cant explain your experience because you have to already believe in your specific god to be able to understand. Think of some of the things you believe in sometime from a detached lens
I dont have like video evidence of if, you can believe im lying or not but unlike religious claims these arent worldview altering. I fully accept the supernatural is entirely possible, i just havent experienced it yet
Just wanna say to the Christian guy ITT you are incredibly based. I wish I had the patience to convert people on here and deal with their endless blasphemies against the Lord.
So if you actually decided to read the Quran and read the Bible and compare them side by side you would realize that Islam is actual heresy and contradicts itself. The Quran claims that Mohammad was equal to Jesus yet Mohammad was a pedophile and a man of war, whereas as Jesus committed no sexual sins nor killed anyone. Subsequently, the Quran claims that Allah is a liar which in itself just invalidates the entire religion. Islam also formed 300 years after Christ's death and resurrection and has no continuity with any of the early Church fathers. The Quran is also written by one person whereas the bible is a shared experience written among many from a shared cultural connection. The thing is, all your arguments that you think are smarter than they actually are have already been made time after time and if you decided to be more thorough in doing research and genuinely wished to pursue the truth instead of whichever half-baked parroting of media talking points you like to spew then maybe you would come to a modicum of understanding instead of remaining ignorant. 
Weird point I have
I brought this up because you went into a fit of semantics about "muh atheism not worldview" instead of providing reasons why anyone should be an atheist, though you're not the first atheist to just resort to denying that your worldview (or socialization of a position that leads to inferior worldviews and societal collapse if you really want to continue being this stubborn in regards to the use of semantics) is a worldview instead of providing arguments to support your worldview. 
It's actually many books written by very specific people over an extended period of human history and has stronger archeological evidence and copies than even the Iliad (which is conformed by every established historian to have been written by specific person) but you wouldn't know this because you refuse to even touch let alone read the book you love criticizing so much.
Pray to the Lord for patience and the will to do His will and He will grant it. Godspeed.
Done.
Also, how often do you post stuff like this? Have you made headway with any anons previously?
I just want to say that I am so happy that I made this thread.
I post when God provides me the opportunity. 
Yeah and some have come to Christ. Do not try to force conversions though and just speak what the Spirit puts on you, outcomes are God's domain.
It's on a decline because it's been 2000 years and he hasn't returned. Simple As. During that time there's been wars, famines, plagues, and the church has been divided into thousands of denominations with their own doctrines.
Every religion fades away. Zoroastrianism died out. The Greek/Roman pantheon faded away. So did the Old Egyptian Gods.
What church do you belong to anon? You seem pretty based
Many will find out soon. That's all I can say.
Bruh, I was just asking if you were like a catholic or something. Why you being all gandolf?
I agree. I read through most of your posts here and I like your perspective that none of us are really going to convince any anons of God's relationship with them, as that is His domain. This is especially true with those that are so obviously unwilling to learn about the Christian perspective and theology. They can be shown the right direction but it has to come from within. 
When I occasionally get into discussions about this with standoffish anons I usually point to faith over any human understanding of "logic" for things like belief in God. They will always demand explanations and proof but that is not what it's about, it's about faith above all and atheists always miss that. 
The two things I find that they do crucially misunderstand that leads to all the aggressive arguing are:
1. Faith > "proof"
2. This world is temporary and God is eternal and beyond this world. Everything that happens here is a testing ground.
Faith is not a reliable means of reaching truth. If you merely accept something on faith, you dont actually know whether the thing is true or not as your personal belief has no bearing on the actual truth of the matter
The bible contradicts itself as well, unless you believe(which you would have to explain, unless you merely say the bible is the word of god and therefore unerring) mark 16 and matthew 28 are somehow reconcilable, as well as matthew 1 and luke 3
Name the authors of the gospel, the authors of the various old testament books(kek id you say moses), and feel free to offer some archaelogical evidence so we can go through it together and show that it doesnt prove your bible is true. Ive seen people saying sulfur deposits at a supposed site of gomorrah is evidence of the biblical story, when there are bitumen seams in that region, people say a wooden structure fits the dimensions of the supposed ark of noah(which you would still have to show evidence of the world flood, or cope and accept it is allegorical and was a regional flood), and numerous claims of an empty tomb being proof of jesus' ressurrection, when its just an empty tomb
What's the contradiction? Are you too retarded to understand that they were written by separate people?
There's no earthly way of knowing...
See, that's where you're wrong. Without faith you cannot reach truth because it does not matter how many times something is shown or presented you won't believe it's true. For example, I have faith that in the summer time it's going to become physically hot. Why? Because I have been shown repeatedly in my area that in the summer it gets very hot, despite all the oddities related to the weather and how often it fluctuates now. If I did not have faith that it'll be hot in the summer, I would still be wearing my winter clothing and then get bewildered and frustrated when all of a sudden the weather starts to get hot in June. In the same way, I also have faith that whenever I call my dad to ask for extra rent money he'll provide it because he has no problem with giving it. If I did not have faith he would provide it, I would be hesitant to ask for fear of bothering him, regardless of the reality.
You don't understand. Being a Christian is about faith. There is no mathematical formula to tell you about divinity. There is no derivative, no calculable way through man made ideas and the poor depth of the human mind that can comprehend and explain the whole nature of the divine. You seem to think Christianity is some sort of science fair project. 
If there were a physical stairway to Heaven on earth where anyone could just walk in, take field research notes, get their study "peer reviewed", "cited" and then published, then what would be the point of this temporal trial on earth?
Do you even know the definition of faith?
Because of an established set of experience and evidence, which is not faith. Also, if the summer were unseasonably cold and it snowed every week, yet you believed it would get hotter in the summer, then your belief had no bearing on the reality. Same if you asked your dad for rent money but he was out of money because of circumstances, again your belief had no bearing on the reality.
So is the bible the unerring word of god, or the recounting of fallable people which are anonymous? Again please say who wrote matthew, mark or luke since these three are the ones in question. Anyways, mary magdalene is in both recountings of the discovery of the tomb in matthew and mark, yet in matthew an angel descends and with a violent earthquake casts the stone in front of the tomb away, scaring the roman guardians who were absent from mark's telling altogether, and then tells them to go tell the disciples of jesus being risen, AND THEN they encounter jesus himself who also tells them to go tell the disciples of his return. In mark, they arrive(mary magdelene is in this as well) and the stone is already rolled aside and they enter the empty tomb to encounter a man(not described as an angel) who tells them jesus is risen and to go tell everyone, and they leave and tell no one, (this next part is disputed as mark 16:9-16 is a definite later addition)but then days after mary alone encounters jesus who casts demons out of her and then tells her to go tell the disciples of him. Luke and matthew offer differing geneaologies, one starting with jesus and one ending with jesus, but curiously both tellings have joseph as jesus' supposed father but then the father of joseph is different, as is his father's father
authors of the gospel
Mathew, Mark, Luke, and John.. the apostles.. Ya know.. founders of the early church? I thought this was obvious but your ignorance knows no bounds..
various old testament books
First five (genesis, exodus, Leviticus, numbers, Deuteronomy) were written by Moses. Joshua was written by Joshua. Judges, 1st and 2nd Samuel were all written by Samuel himself. All first hand accounts.
Look, if you're really that invested there's tons of resources online you're perfectly capable of finding as to the historical accuracy and archeological evidence, but as this anon says >>73107697 none of that matters because there's no amount of evidence that will ever be sufficient to convince you because you're not interested in being convinced. Jesus could come to you in a dream and tell you how God made the world and everything in it and that still wouldn't be enough for you. I'll post a few links out of curtesy but if you're truly interested in this then honestly, as I've said before, you really can't go wrong with reading the bible itself and seeing what you think of it. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAQQhBnCVQs [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A41Tm5FDKns [Embed]
Glad to know, thats all we need, the rest of the discussion is just hooey then. You guys have faith, i dont, simple as
That is faith, though. I have faith (trust, to use a synonym) that *thing* will occur. What you are suffering from is a lack of faith in what faith is, which is funny.
shroud of turin
Radiometrically dated to the medieval period...if you want to dispute radiometrics, feel free, but itd probably be easier to offer a different piece of evidence
I assume this is about josephus and tacitus, which arent contemporary accounts, nor do they confirm anything other than groups of jews(early christians) speaking on jesus and making claims of him
How about maybe watching the videos and seeing what's actually stated instead of assuming what it's about?
Ok hit us with a definition of faith then so we dont have to talk past each other. Youre clearly using a different definition than the bible, which slots faith as the "evidence of that not seen"
Willy Wonka represents Christ. Count the Oompa Loompas, there's 12 of them.
Matthew, Mark, and Luke. Congratulations, you know nothing about the doctrine of inspiration
That's.. not what the bible says about faith and if you think it does then point to the specific verse in which that's stated as well as describe the context of the individual book itself to prove you have a biblical understanding and to begin with. In any case, I don't have faith that you're going to be amiable to a discussion based around faith.
Yes, it is important that you understand that and unfortunate that you are yet to have faith. I pray that you will one day find the Lord.
Here is a comparison I was pondering just now:
Trying to "prove" the existence of God in human "logical" terms, from a non-spiritual, secular basis rooted in post-enlightenment ideas, is simply not something that we are called upon to do.
Here are two examples:
-a 2D stick figure on a page trying to explain the inner machinations of the 3D artist that drew it. From their perspective, things simply "happen" like when a new flat figure is drawn. They cannot, nor will they ever, be able to comprehend the three dimensional pencil that is putting them on the page and the artist holding it, planning how the picture will pan out. They can only have faith that they believe such a system exists.
-a character in a video game trying to explain how the video game world they're in was made and who the creators are. They can't access the game's code, they can't pull up a CMD prompt on the 4th wall that is the computer screen. They can't explain how exactly they were made or how they got there. They can't "prove" the creators because they will never exist on the same plane as them or be able to comprehend that they are in a simulation.
Hebrews 11:1, feel free to disagree with the wors of god
Ok, dated from 70-110 CE, wait why didnt they write them immediately after(or even during) the events? Why did they write them in greek? Wait werent half of them illiterate, and only matthew being a tax collector would have had knowledge of different languages and writing? You guys just accept things at face value and work backwards to justify them because you believe in them
So if your Dad tells you you're going to get a car at 16 years old and let's say for the sake of this metaphor you're not 16 yet, is it a basis of faith as to whether or not you trust your father to deliver this promise he made at the time he specified?
why greek
Palestine was conquered by Alexander the Great. What was his goal and what was he focused on spreading? (hint, it's greek culture) At the time of the Roman empire, Greek was the most commonly used language of Palestine. The Greek Orthodox church actually prides itself on the fact that they have the most "pure" translation of the bible since Greek is the language used to write the New Testament in. 
No? Luke was a Roman official, Mark and John were literate. Most of the questions you have about the bible and God can ironically enough be answered by reading it yourself.
Youre switching terms again, faith isnt trust, its belief. Trust is based on established evidence and experience(unless you just inherently trust things with no basis). Belief is the tacit acceptance of something, its not a conscious evaluation. You believe your dad will get you a car, which your belief may be justified, but it has no bearing on whether he actually gets you a car or not. The proof is if your dad doesnt get you the car in your example, despite your believing so, as belief has no bearing on reality. If you refuse to grant that the dad wouldnt get the car in the example, then youre being disingenuous, as theres numerous realistic examples where he wouldnt, namely not being able to afford it, not feeling the son worked hard enough to earn it, etc etc. Just as he very well may get the son the car. Which leads belief/faith to not be a reliable source of truth, as it can simply be wrong
1. They thought Jesus was coming back soon, so the need to wrote this down seemed like a waste of time
2. Pax Romana
3. Scribes
4. No, you just think your clever when you've never studied the Bible before at all, but you aren't actually interested in learning
Faith is trust. In the example I used it's an example of trust. I am not switching definitions nor have I, on the contrary it is you who are confused about faith is since you lack it. Belief and trust go hand in hand. You have to trust to belief. If you cannot trust you cannot belief. You wanted me to break this down for you and I am. I do not believe anything that The New York Times writes because I do not trust them. In other words, I do not have faith in them. Belief and trust are the same.
Alright, then i will pull my granting that they were even written by those four people. None of the books name their authors. None of the gospels. John is implied to be written by the disciple who jesus loves most, which is assumed to be john, but the rest dont have indicators and were later ascribed the names matthew mark and luke
The problem is that the wrong beliefs create a disjointed reality. In the example I used with the dad and the car, whether or not you have faith that your dad will deliver the car is testament to your father's character. If your father is a liar and has been known to lie about gifts, then likely you wouldn't have much faith in his promise. Alternatively, if your father is faithful with his gifts, you would have faith that it's delivered. Faith, belief, does have bearing on reality because it attests to it. Subsequently, if a person has faith in himself and his actions he will preform optimally, and if he doesn't he won't. Faith, and lack of it, have impact.
Then faith, belief and trust dont actually reflect reality, rather they reflect your mental assessment of your experiences and historical evidence. Which is my original point that since you can be wrong on these things, theyre not good metrics of truth. Namely when you dont have the established evidence, which you dont for belief in god, beyond testimony from others and personal experiences that you cant differentiate from imagination
They do, though! Especially Luke. Read the books yourself. You have more than enough evidence, but you lack faith.
So now you're just being an atheist because "Well what if it actually wasn't written by le mark?" So? Who cares? What is your point? Oh no! It actually wasn't by john, but by another disciple. Ok, and? Is this seriously an excuse for atheism?
Point in luke where it says it was written by luke, that i may see. Unless you dont know or have the answer, and are simply claiming such with no basis
They are good metrics of truth, though, because if you cannot properly discern reality (through lacking faith) you cannot see what is true. I can tell people that the sky is blue all day, but if they do not have faith they will not believe me. Plato's cave is a good example of this.
don't care, not reading, your religious blog can fuck off
Literally open up a bible and read the first 3 paragraphs of Luke. It points as to who he is and who he is writing to. I refuse to spoon feed you information. If you want it badly enough go find it yourself.
Except you can point to the sky and if the sky is indeed blue in their perception then they cant not believe it. You cant do the same with god, theres no god you can point to
Not everyone can. Some are blind by sight and others by color. Doesn't change the fact that the sky is blue and that God is real, even if you don't have the faith to see it.
No, its one of innumerable things that dont add up to showing that the supernatural claims are true. Anonymous authors that werent witnesses, paul never having met jesus yet offering apocalyptic prophecies he received in visions, the supernatural not being shown as real, miracles magically showing up as false or unfalsifiable(testimony with no evidence) once video cameras become common place, etc etc etc
Nice to know you dont care to show the truth of your bible to everyone
John didn't write John, therefore the supernatural doesn't exist
huh?
No, they stopped after the apostles died off
Now youre just being disingenuous, trying to paint one singular point as the whole of lack of belief when i pointed to multiple that wasnt the comprehensive list
Yeah, but what does historical criticism (John not writing John) have to do with the supernatural not existing?
Yet you could still describe to a blind person the fundamental knowledge of the earth and the atmosphere and how light refracting from water in the clouds and whatever else causes the sky to appear blue. Actually thats a pretty good allegory since the sky isnt actually blue, it just appears so. Much like you guys think god is there when theres actually nothing, not even light refracting. But you can explain that phenomenon, and then if they dont believe then that still holds to my point of belief being irrelevant to the actual truth
Its one piece of a very large puzzle, also dont point to john, thats the one that has the strongest evidence(still inconclusive, but much more probable) for who its writer is, and i even said that earlier so i think youre being this way on purpose. How about you steelman my position and lets see if youve bothered to pay attention or just hear what you want to
Going to sleep will check thread in morning
Dude, if that seriously is a determing factor in your atheism, then you are just retarded. I hope you sit down and seriously think about yourself for a long while and realize that you aren't making any sense. Why would the authorship of books of the Bible having any bearing on the truth of the Bible? Honestly?
determining factor
Learn to read. Also, why should i just accept claims people make on their face?
If it was written by someone who wasnt around to witness any of the reported events and it was entirely made up, gee i wonder how that would have an impact. One piece of the very large puzzle like i said
Explain how light works and how the sky appears blue. You can't. You have some vague faith in scientists claiming it is so, but you cannot actually literally explain how that happens and how it really works. The same way scientists still are not even close to explaining what it means to be alive. They cannot explain thoughts. They cannot explain pretty much anything relating to the soul or consciousness. They can't explain what love truly is. And yet we all believe we are conscious without being able to definitively prove how or why.
Neither can you, all you can say is god made it and god is good and the perfect being and he cant lie, but at least we can point to the sky and measure the light and gauge the frequency of the photons. Like i said, god has no explanatory power, its literally a stand in for understanding. Idk why theists are the biggest skeptics and deconstructionists when you question their god, as if literally nothing makes sense and we should just go crazy and kill people if god isnt real
also
Literal argument from ignorance lmao
But why do photons act as they do? Who made the photons? Why did such a precarious system that allowed for a dice roll 0.0000000000000001% chance of this human dominated world happen? The world we live in is statistically impossible from a mathematic perspective. 
You cannot explain to more nor prove why and how light interacts with the world the way it does. 
Humans, in their great hubris, have begun to piece together the absolute basics of the natural world and how it works according their incredibly limited perspective, and now think they don't need God. 
My point is your belief in these scientific concepts is only as strong as a weak faith, you are operating on the same level of faith with these things whether you want to admit it or not.
Nothing particularly fucked up about it imo. Everyone gets what they deserve.
You would first have to show that these things needed to be created, then that the creation was from a conscious mind, then that the conscious mind was the specific god you believe in, then that jesus existed, was crucified, RESURRECTED, and became/already was god. Youre starting to come to the realization that we dont know much at all but youre just unable to lob off this thing that you have no explanation for
My point is we both have our faith. Mine is in the one and only God who created everything and has shown us a path to knowing him throughout history. Yours is in man-made things which will always fail you. If we had this conversation 500 years ago you would be certain that a bunch of different, outdated scientific concepts were factually true that have now been "debunked". Whereas I would have the exact same perspective in my faith.
And yet those scientific models were updated and changed as they were proven faulty, while your religion is stuck with the bible and cannot change beyond their words without losing the basis of the religion. We dont know shit, but we are slowly coming to understand and explain more and more. Every single thing that was previously believed to have been supernaturally occuring(lightning, rain, earthquakes, diseases, death, you name it, even the old testament treated illness as misdeeds that required blood sacrifice to become ritually clean, and jesus didnt offer any real understanding of illness either despite god supposedly being all knowing)has turned out to be naturally explained phenomena. Im not sure what else can be said between us, this is like the core of the disconnect
while your religion is stuck with the bible and cannot change beyond their words without losing the basis of the religion. 
Exactly, that's part of the beauty of it. I am standing in the same firm belief that all previous Christians have shared in their relationship with God. It's a wonderful thing. 
We dont know shit, but we are slowly coming to understand and explain more and more
This could be said every millennium. When is enough enough? Every single thing discovered leads to more questions. Humans will never fully understand the natural world in the sense that God does because he made it. 
Regardless of how far scientific advancements go in the future, and how utterly debunked all of your current understandings and preconceptions will be in the distant future, your current understanding of the world is based on faith whether you want to admit it or not. Faith is not a bad thing. 
But why does lightning happen? Why do the atoms and electrons and negative ions interact the way they do? Why is everything divided into atoms? You cannot explain these things and you never will be able to. All that happened with the examples you mentioned are that humans gained a better understanding of how they happened, but not why they happened. 
Here is what you are saying:
1. A rainbow is seen as God's promise on earth. 
2. Then, scientists discovered that rainbows are caused by a refraction of light after rain (which fits in with the biblical story of the rainbow after the flood)
3. But scientists still don't know why light carries these properties, how it came to be, and why these colors appear this way to the human eye. 
But why is that? Why do short wavelengths appear as what we describe to be the color of violet? 
1/2
and jesus didnt offer any real understanding of illness either despite god supposedly being all knowing)
This is the fundamental disconnect. You don't understand, God didn't come here to solve all of our problems and give us the cure to AIDS. Earth is not Heaven. Do you really think you could go up to the all knowing, all powerful God who set things up as they are for a reason only he knows and demand that he display basic medical knowledge so that humans of the blip on the infinite scale of time can slightly prolong their life in this testing ground?
It is essentially
Not to mention he did do miracles which already proves his divinity and the fact that he knows everything. He defeated death.
2. Then, scientists discovered that rainbows are caused by a refraction of light after rain (which fits in with the biblical story of the rainbow after the flood)
3. But scientists still don't know why light carries these properties, how it came to be, and why these colors appear this way to the human eye
Did it rain before god flooded the earth? Or did plants magically grow without water? Oh, it rained before right? So rainbows happened before god flooded the earth? Or did he create a new law where they occur afterwards? Well light existed before, and rain existed before, so it stands to reason that light travelled through the water and refracted causing rainbows to appear as they do now, so then did god take rainbows and say these represent that he wont kill us all again? So he took something that already existed and coopted it as a symbol? As for all the fundamental claims of light and all that, we are learning more on it while religion offers ZERO explanation beyond "god done it". You can say we will never understand things, but you cant know that since it rests in what we dont know. You can believe that if you want, doesnt mean we will just all stop in our tracks and delve back into ignorance
Yes, also mist in garden
Also, the point of the rainbow is that God is making a truce with man (Noah and his descendants), not that God literally caused a rainbow to appear for the very first time
God didn't come here to solve all of our problems
Nope, just came to offer us salvation but only if we believe in him without evidence
Do you really think you could go up to the all knowing, all powerful God who set things up as they are for a reason only he knows and demand that he display basic medical knowledge
Medical knowledge we reached without help from god, to try and help ease undue suffering inflicted on us that you think is from god but its ok because god can do whatever he wishes with his creation
Glad he did it in a time when there was no good way to record it beyond writing, imagine if jesus existed today and went around healing the sick, then was publicly executed and came back to life and healed some more people. Heck he could even do it before a board of people that could empiracally test it and verify it
So he adopted an already existing phenomena as a symbol. Also do you believe the story of noah actually happened, or was allegorical? And how do you contend with it borrowing numerous themes from other predating stories like the epic of gilgamesh?
It wasn't mean to be a symbol like you wear on a t-shirt. It's a reminder. The same way Jesus took bread and wine and made it a reminder of the crucifixion.
And Gilgamesh doesn't predate the story of Noah. At most, it would predate the written version
He took bread and wine and used it as a representation of flesh and blood just like the jews had to sacrifice flesh and blood of animals and burn them at an altar because the scent was pleasing to god, yes
Did it rain before god flooded the earth? Or did plants magically grow without water? Oh, it rained before right? So rainbows happened before god flooded the earth? Or did he create a new law where they occur afterwards?
Why would I have the answer to these things? And why would that matter in the first place? God can bend the rules of the natural world as he pleases, or rather, the natural world has already been premade and set up in a way that conforms with God's plan. The Lord can make a plant grow without water. The idea that plants need water is a human, man-made concept, from a limited, human understanding. Anything is possible through God. 
So he took something that already existed and coopted it as a symbol? 
You are applying human concepts to the all knowing and all powerful God. This is the same God that said "Let there be light", so I don't know why the idea of rainbows coming into existence is incredibly hard for you to understand. 
This is the Chris-Chan "I'm workin on it!" But for all of humanity believing they can fully understand this temporal, divinely inspired dimension we inhabit.
Why does religion need to offer an explanation for every single minute feature of the natural world? The internet, with all its information and knowledge compiled from everything humans have discovered, is already too big to read through in one lifetime, let alone millions. What good would it do for a religion about our relationship with God to put some infinitely long book that spans multiple continents with the explanation of all science on Earth? Seriously, what good would that do? The apple was already bad enough for humanity, with knowledge leading us into sin and debauchery.
Scholars believe story of noah originated around 1800bc while gilgamesh originated around 2100bc. You can disagree with this but unless you have reasoning for that then youre just saying no because no
There you go again! This is faith. You don't know these scholars, you don't know how they ascertained this number. You don't know how accurate their methods are. You are simply believing because they are "peer reviewed" by another person who you will never meet or know existed. This is faith. "Experts" are the clergy of a non-believing world.
The point of the "we are learning more and more" is that god claims offer no knowledge, while secularism attempts to actually explain things. If we had no understanding of light or anything beyond seeing it then you would be fine with that because god loves us and we are here and we love god, but some of us want to know more than just living as monkeys
Apply this same skepticism to your religion, oh you wont nvm. I can look up the scholars, see their methods of determination, as can other people that are experts in the field that can repeat their experimentation to reach the same(or different!) conclusions. All you can do is say god is true and the bible is true because god cant lie
I didnt even realize, you said earlier that noah predates gilgamesh probably through oral tradition, how did you reach this conclusion? Please elucidate i am curious
believe in him without evidence
Also known as faith. However, the Bible and theology serve as evidence. It's not evidence you accept because some homo in San Francisco didn't peer review it and deconstruct it, but it is an evidence that helps as a basis for faith as it speaks for the miracles of the Lord.
Everything here on this earth is temporary. So, so incredibly temporary in the grand scheme of God's plan. And if a random man harms you, that is because he is sinning and straying away from God. And yes, God can absolutely do whatever he wants with His creation. He is so merciful and loving to even allow people to blaspheme him like you do.
And there you go at the end missing the point. If Jesus came before every man in a physical, non-spiritual sense and proved he existed then what we be the point in this testing ground? You don't seem to get that. It's like creating a maze for a rat and then picking it up and carrying it through the maze instead of letting it walk on its own feet and choose.
