Is it worth getting a good career to get laid? 
I could probably be professionally successful if I wanted to, make 200k+, but I don't want to do all that work just to not get laid on the other side. I don't give a fuck about money or status, only pussy. It'd only be worth it for a 6 or maybe 7+/10.
i knew a greek girl who looked just like this in high school but she had smaller tits
Nice, I love this phenotype, it's really cute. You didn't answer my question though anon
yeah i dont read or answer the OP posts in coombait threads, sorry.
Fair enough, I just love huge tits and cute faces, I think it fit the theme of what I'm saying as well since pretty much the only thing I care about in life is fucking hot girls
if you're not tall and handsome the only way you'll get to do that is as a paypig on a continuous service subscription (dating/marriage) or by visiting prostitutes (that is, as a paypig on a periodic subscription)
I'm aware that women care about looks and status/money, that's the premise of my post. I'm less wondering if women care about status/money, and more wondering if other anons have careermaxxed and if it worked. I don't want to waste my time getting a good career if all that effort is to have a 6/10 gf instead of a 4/10 gf. Like I said idgaf about money or status since all my hobbies I could easily do on a 50k salary.
its impossible to tell how far your money will go in the future, women get pickier and wealthier as time goes on. i wouldnt bank on it unless you manage to get millions.
Honestly anons, the more I think about it, the more it feels like the juice isn't worth the squeeze. Why bust my ass for a 7/10 when I can just chill and have way more free time. Modern women bring so little to the table other than sex that you can hardly justify all that work just to fuck a slightly hotter gf. Even my hot girl pic posts can't help me cope anymore or pretend the soulless yuppie grind is worth it. I shouldn't have destroyed my own ego, maybe if I was more insecure I could convince myself to grind out a career for pussy.
I guess, you're right on the money, but women also cockblock themselves by getting high status jobs since they unintentionally shrink their 'viable' dating pool. Having a high status job gives you access to a lot of top tier women who fell for the feminism/yuppie meme and now have to justify their life choices by only dating men who made similar choices.
Olivia sex cum woman
Name or sauce?
Jarking et rite nao
I make $170k+bonus and am a 28 year old khhv. I'm indian though so not really a surprise
no, i've seen millionaire incels quite often as well as poor chads. just be a normal person and not a faggot OP. i swear you incels will do everything except be a decent, interesting human being to get a woman kek
I did an experiment on tinder posting my (real) six figure bank account. Didn't get me shit, just lots of matches with cunts who would never give me time of day otherwise.
buxmaxing is just akin to jestermaxing. No dignity in it.
If you're not attractive, yeah. The more you make, the hotter wife you can afford lol
I have a 6 figure salary and own my own house but actually 100% of the long term girlfriends and hookups I've had so far were from back when I was a kid living with my parents or a young guy in an apartment making very little money.
Also though I haven't been trying to date in recent years because my teeth rotted out from years of drug abuse and depression / neglect. Once I get dental implants (which I should really just do instead of procrastinating further) I think I'll be able to get a gf again. But I'll need to get rid of all the trash piles in my house too so there are layers of things I need to fix with myself first.
Well, I don't know, you tell me.
Bro you can't just post your account lmao most of em probably think it's fake anyway. You have to signal that you have disposable income. You gotta get a car you can barely afford and a watch worth more than my car. This is how it is traditionally done anyway. And don't get some soccer mom piece of shit crossover either.
Go back to Blind
The problem with depressed chuds is they cant enjoy anything. You get a good job to feel respected, to have something to do and to apply yourself, and the clout and pussy comes secondary
Save up and go back to Pooland, where you will become king, and could buy a high caste wife.
My ideal body type as a girl. She is perfect
