women are literally more racist than men it's note even funny. I rarely have issues with white men, most just ignore and avoid me. but WOMEN??!!! constantly on my ass. nagging and trying to control me.
women are the ultimate white supremacists based on their dating track history
asian/natives only plz
I shit talk darkies all the time here (it's honestly part of the fun, I expect to be shat on for being white as well), but honestly, all men should be able to beat a woman when she runs her fucking mouth. I love watching a black dude just up and slap stars into the eyes of a cunt who can't shut up and feels invulnerable just for her vagina.
It's incredible how comfortable women feel just rattling off at people twice their size, when if they were male, they would've lost several teeth and have a shattered jaw bone mid-sentence. Women need to check their privilege. If you have a vagina, you're already doing better than all but the chads of each ethnicity. If you can speak English and have access to this imageboard, I can already confirm you have it better than 99% of the male "species". 
All men of every race should join together to put cunts back in their place. Together, we can make pussy bleed for the first time not once, but twice.
Women impressed me with their racism when I was literally in a /pol/tard phase, to the point I got angry with their bluntness and cruelty of the bitch. At least my racism had some "logic" I would say it, and when I would be open it would be mostly to be edgy on the 4chins, but women can go miles beyond in cruelty for free, with no reason at all, and the women not even had a extremism ideology to back it up their thinking, it was only vindictive cruel gossip. That what I found strange.
for sure. only dating white dudes
women dont deserve rights
thats the thing, they have no tact, it's just meanness for the sake of being mean. my female teachers in grade school used to love stirring shit with me. always on my ass for every little thing. they'd objectively treat me different than the white kids. whereas the male teachers all liked me. 
i once had a girl who i worked with at wendy's who always made sure to be on the opposite side of the store. if i ever tried to approach her to ask for something, she'd act like i was about to rape her.
racism and sexism is basically the same thing. its all about victim hood. females have the better escape card in social situations so they use it more often. its basic card game strategy.
not true, i only like handsome asian men 
but i dont like indians and blacks 
t. white fembot
nobody cares you rancid bimbo turdwhore
you will never be a women and even if you were a women then you are ugly as fuck and no asian male will want you. you will be lucky to date a indian man who dosen't know how to use toilet paper as you turn 60. and by then the indian male wont want you either. kys
So yellow fever polcels but 63'd?
There's a lot of different facets of racism out there but even so it seems like nearly all of the blame gets shifted to / redirected towards white men
