based euthanasia anon
I may not actually do it. I applied before Covid in a fit of despair and there was a backlog.
is it really that bad? how severe is it
Where are you? Canada?
Don't do it, bro. Not because life is really worth living for many of us, but because you can become the pain in the ass that these normie fucks pushed into a corner. They wanna show off their liberal, compassionate chops? Good, they better send you bennies every month on time and wipe your ass on demand.
MAKE them take care of you. Don't euthanize when you can utilize. You're in MapleLand, right? Make yourself THEIR problem. Those cunts wanna hobble and cull the fuel they used to exploit the sympathies of all, but now they wanna throw you away?
Fuck. That. 
You can only die once, OP, but you WILL die, no matter what you do or do not do. Release that autism and make them pay you to exist for the rest of your life.
Here's my starter guide, though it will vary by nation: Go to the therapist more. You now don't want to die, but you can't make headway in the world. Autism is a problem. Gubbment needs to pay YOU. YOU are the reason gubbment can claim its necessity to protect the vulnerable. How it wants to grant you euthanasia in one of its darker periods? Fuck that, be the most autistic light bulb you can be, MAKE those normiefucks put your spark out. 
Don't give up yet. You're not dead yet. I'm a fucking 35 year old virgin manlet, and I refuse to goddamned die. I WILL become this world's problem until I die at their expense.
It is actually not that bad. I am high functioning and late diagnosed. I was able to attain an advanced degree and decent employment but I am a KHV at over 30 and very isolated. That was a significant weighting factor in the granting of the request.
You really missed out using this image.
So OP's Canadian.
so your problem is lack of social support? i see. what about family
LMAO holy shit what a blackpill
Canada has spent more on euthanasia since its recent legalization than they have ever spent on suicide prevention. Black pill indeed.
How can I apply?
