I accidentally slept past class today whoops
punch a troon
slap a troon
throw a brick in a troons face
cripple a troon 
snap a troons neck
smash a troons face in with a sledgehammer
I wish I was young again, I had false hopes and was less concerned with things but at least I was happier.
A lesson for you: Have low expectations and be ready for any kind of disaster. Your life however is pretty much over if you get into an accident and become paralyzed, blind, deaf, etc. Trying is also not always pointless because sometimes you don't know you can accomplish something unless you try. Avoid being both a naive optimist and naive pessimist, and don't expect anything handed to you.
Aww you're such a silly sleepy girl!
We're happy together forever dough
Have fun being kicked out of college.
cripple a troon
dissect a troon
disembowel a troon 
gouge a troons eyes out
SHUT THE FUCK UP SHUT THE FUCK UP SHUT THE FUCK UP STOP SAYING THAT GOD DAMN IT'S NOT CUTE
break a troons leg
run over a troon
throw a troon in a trash compactor 
poison a troon
set a troon on fire
drown a troon
Have you been to college? Most professors stop caring about attendence instantly or when you're not in babby-tier classes.
Yes it is
It's cloying and obnoxious. You're an idiot. Kill yourself.
electrocute a troon
inject lethal poison into a troon
snap a troons spine
throw a troon off the bridge 
slam a troon to the ground
set a lion on a troon
shut a door on a troons fingers
throw a troon into a black hole
dislocate a troons arm
stamp on a troons knee caps
headbutt a troon in the face
shove a pipe up a troons anus
palm a strike a troon in the skull
My bf is super cute when he says dough. You guys are just haters! 
Also we love each other forever
napalm a troon
drop an atom bomb on a troon
smash a guitar over a troons head
put your leg out when a troon walks passed 
curbstomp a troon
infect a troon
lace a troons drink with cyanide
You're both really fucking gross people. Cold, empty black holes of nothing.
leg sweep a troon
karate chop a troon
give a troon cigarette burns
spit in a troons face 
gut punch a troon 
give a troon a chinese burn
push a troon off the cliff
elephant multi stomp a troon
gas a troon
collapse a troons lung
spinkick a troon
liver punch a troon 
glass a troon
kick a troon between the legs
throw a troon through the window
uppercut a troon
OP is Retard san, an AMAB MTF boymoder described as a cute girl with long beautiful hair and deep knowledge of WW2 and Resident Evil. She is purportedly very intelligent despite occasionally sleeping through her college classes. 
Following male puberty, Retard san began her HRT journey at age 18 and has now passed the 4 year mark.
Retard san usually makes threads sharing the romantic story of how she met her soul mate, Tranny kun, on r9k in order to give hope to other true robots like herself. Tranny kun reciprocates by dedicating threads to his r9k gf.
Tranny kun is a bisexual chaseoid who crusades on behalf of true robots, defending their board from normalfags despite never claiming the robot identity for himself. He regularly wins 20v1 arguments against r9k users which is why a small subset of them invented the meme about him crumbling under scrutiny.
Some have argued that their relationship is performative or unhealthy due to Tranny kun regularly prompting Retard san to make these threads about him or because he invalidated her lived experience as a lonely trubot but that criticism most likely stems from jealousy as Tranny kun has humblebragged about Retard san planning to dress as a maid and wear black lingerie for him when they meet at Retard san's grandparents for the next chapter of their love story. He flatly denies any suggestion that Retard san's visit to his parents caused any shock or embarrassment and no diapers were found by his mother afterwards.
The next chapter of their romance will be a romantic getaway to Retard san's grandmother's home. At present, Retard san is not 'out' to her Catholic grandparents who therefore will not be respecting Retard san's preferred pronouns and will be using her birth name (known as deadnaming). Luckily, the language barrier should prevent any embarrassing confrontations over this for the duration of the visit
kiss a bocchiposter's hands
kiss a bocchiposter's feet
You're so obsessed with me lol.
btw I haven't played resident evil in a couple weeks I already beat re4 remake(probably one of my fav games in childhood) and did pretty much everything
my bf loves my feet in his face
You are by far one of the most obnoxious and uninteresing troons on this board, I suggest you seek a means of euthanizing yourself immediately.
You should change your hateful ways and get a cute trans gf, my bf was a chud and I reformed him and now he's in a happy relationship, we are inspiring you to bet better.
You are fucking scum and nothing more. The fact you're here proves you were ostracized by your own kind so you come to this board which is known for incels to put yourself above others. And if you're really in Mexico, I hope the cartels find you, slit your throats and chop off your fucking heads.
I can already tell by your post that you long for a cute trans gf to cuddle with, you can't fool me. Don't be so bitter, maybe one day you'll have a trans cutie in your life and stop being so bigoted
You guys Tranny-kun and Retard-san were face revealed yesterday and it's as bad as you think
uh link? i don't think it would be bad so it's probably not them
Reminder that OP started HRT post-puberty, meaning he literally just looks like a man with long hair
Someone posted a random /tttt/ couple claiming it's us, lol. Fake face reveal
The face and hair colors are different but chuds will run with any rumor lol.
She looks like a cute girl, though.
r9k lorekeeping autists are the best
in another five years i will use this shit to larp as an oldfag lol
make her post face to unsee or you're both LARPing
Hey, I tell anons to post handholding pic with timestamp or LARP. She can post a zoomed in eye pic to show she's not the girl in the pic.
I would like to test Retard san's and Tranny kun's critical thinking skills. Can either of you share your thoughts on picrel? Is it the same room in both shots? Is it photoshopped?
It's literslly Tranny kun or the retard selfposting that you dumb cunt.
Notice it's all praise and not a single negative thing? I swear you idiots are so fucking stupid. You're probably the tranny himself. Fuck all of you.
If I had to guess, it's probably the same room. IDK which egirl that is though
trans derangement syndrome is taking over your life, you need to be institutionalized ASAP
Here you go. Isn't Retard-san the cutest girl you've ever seen? Lmao. The damage control yesterday was hilarious. Now get ready for the denial everyone!
They already have posted evidence
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/search/image/98eePcnpMadk_PvKt8QYbg/
LOL IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER
wtf... cuter than i expected
I don't even think that's the same girl from the archived tttt thread lmao.
He's doing an ironic positive recap. He obviously has distasteful views of us.
Making fun of a random couple that doesn't know you exist lmao.
lol I wonder if these people will ever see that they got brought into some stupid drama
Shut the fuck up ugly pedo fuck. I notice you called for backup from your equally repulsive tranny partner when the thread got heated. Absolute parasites
So far Retard san seems to have stronger critical thinking. Tranny kun appears to be confused by an entirely unrelated post. Is that what anons expected?
Who is the trans partner? I'm a cis man.
Sorry I was defensive. I have no idea if they're the same.
They're just trying to bait you into faceposting because they know you're too ugly and insecure to do so otherwise
oh lol it makes sense I should have reverse searched this image SINCE IT'S SOURCED BEFORE WE EVEN MET UP IRL
Based on what? IIRC the recap has been edited to take into account all the things you complained about?
there was a meme that tranny kun was the retard and retard kun was the tranny so i guess it comes from somewhere
Lmao thanks for disproving it.
Ur my lovey sweetheart forever! &lt;3
Post DC and I'll tell you in dms.
We're both very smart.
excuse me, it's retard-san.
Who cares, this thread will get 500 replies aa usual with all their samefagging and the trans community wins again.
Unfortunately none of this makes him any less insecure and ugly, and he will never post face to unsee
He's actually a very sweet, handsome, loving boy
Based.
Which one of our faces do you want to see?
You're cuter dough.
Why does my abuser get a loving partner who emotionally listens to them and you get a happy partner, every mean or hostile person gets one. If I ever sink my claws into someone again I am going to ruin their fucking life, and I swear to god I will.
Retard-san. You're probably just a below average autist and therefore not interesting
Probably because you're a negative nelly
It's going to be angled, filtered and shopped to hell and back
Why not just post both?
your fucking up dude
someone who made me lick soap until my tongue and mouth bled until I couldnt eat solid food for a week and created an entire person just to use me for attention for months has someone that likes and cares about them and I have NOTHING.
FUCK YOU
It is highly unlikely Retard san will ever face reveal. Here is my reasoning:
i HRT after puberty means a significantly reduced likelihood of "passing" and this is a subject both Tranny kun and Retard san have displayed some sensitivity over in the past
ii Retard san's cuteness and femininity has been emphasized and built up over a long period of time. Any perceived deviation from this high standard will obviously be judged particularly harshly and will make her a figure of ridicule
iii Any face reveal is guaranteed to be reposted many, many times as Retard san and Tranny kun are now almost as famous as vore and ENTJ were in their heyday, perhaps even at the level of Limes and Erica. This could adversely affect the career prospects of two well educated geniuses.
Me n my bf just look like a cute young couple. Dough, in my opinion, he's cuter. He thinks I'm cuter, doughever.
Boy that is a real debbie downer outlook
Serial killers have partners and friends and I dont because I am uninteresting depressed and not neurotypical. Tell me my life is worth less than that of a serial killer
You deserve happiness and I am sorry that your mother abused you.
My mother has never been in my life. That was a person I talked to online for several months. I have never known my mother or father. I licked the soap because that person said if I didnt they would leave.
You licked the soap because you are retarded, buddy. Non retards would do this
Repeatedly making obviously stupid, maladaptive choices is a strong indicator that you are retarded. Have you thought about pursuing some sort of special education program aimed at adult retards?
what was the point of this post? genuinely. Our lives are so radically different your opinion means nothing to me.
Then why not just post face to unsee? If you're secure about your appearance no consequence of that could meaningfully affect you
also true, its not like they have posted anything that would get them in serious trouble they just spam annoying threads. Maybe theyd be embarrassed in their large friend groups (normalfags)
I don't want to dox myself
My bf is my only irl friend
sasuga whiny wendy desu
Wow then you care about your ton of online friends. You are a mtf you could have orbiters easily anyways
I guess we are both retarded. Do you have any friends at all
I only have like 2 online friends I talk to, lol
that is infinitely more than me. you are a normalfag
wew lad
I'm your friend dough, you always come to my threads and talk to me
nevermind I guess.
Also my point was that you obviously see I am continuing to be retarded despite you replying that to me frequently, so your replies are affecting no meaningful change, so why do you keep posting them. do you have a crush on me
I dont have nor want a friend, and if I ever did it would not be a normalfag like you. That is an extremely shallow definition of friend. how disgusting.
Doesn't refute what I said. No one can do anything with a facedox except make fun of you and you know it. And if you were genuinely "cute" (even just by MtF standards) anons mocking would simply look envious of your wholesome robot relationship
lol
Hello I am the obnoxious tranny Retard-san! Allow me to post and give my thread a bump in desperation for attention tehe!
? what is your point (normalfag moment)
Anons scathingly critique 9+/10 girls here. We don't want to be doxx'd or harassed, but she's very cute, dough.
Nobody would actually dox you retard what are they going to do say you post on 4chan? wow so scary. or do you NOW think that harassing people is bad and dont want to be socially punished for it
I don't want people to harass us IRL in any way, especially, or our families. You're all very mentally ill and anon got IP wiped before because I reported him for death threats lol.
Oh was that you that got me banned. what a pussy. All that harassment and cant take a few of those. glass houses and all that
There is no upside to a face reveal and many potential downsides. From the limited knowledge we have on the couple, retard san is actually the smart one so she will have weighed up the pros and cons. 
He did you a favor. Should have used that time to touch grass and reduce your dumb faggotry levels.
I regularly go on walks and go outside. You are defending them you are clearly subhuman.
just stop
lmao
normalfags swarming. yawn.
He can't. Don't you understand? Your lives are so different there is literally no way he can stop making obviously poor decisions and start making obviously better decisions because ????????
You should use your time to inject more HRT to make you look less of a man
I literally dont give a fuck about any of you. I honestly wish there was a way to filter these shitty threads.
dont just go outside, consume television news and read facebook or reddit or twitter
Filter the trip you fucking tard lol
needing to look to others for approval when attacking someone with literally no human connection
how pathetic.
wow you are so radically different and stunning
Anons scathingly critique 9+/10 girls here
Anons also scathingly critique your posts and implied relationship and you clearly enjoy this, you just don't want the negative attention to become personal and less manageable
Was I also asking Retard-san to post his address and family name? There's nothing an anon could feasibly do with just a facedox, especially when Retard-san doesn't even live in a first world country
This site doesn't do shit. So many of you fucking idiots I've tried to filter and your shitty troon threads still appear.
There is no mystery. Just bog standard retardation. Low impulse control, poor executive function, inability to take personal responsibility - all strong signs this person is a certified silly billy lol
typical normalfag talking points. You ever get tired of all sounding the same?
Retard san is a boymoder. She literally looks like a cute tomboy. Just type Blue eyed Mexican Tomboy into google and pick the one that looks most like Kurisu.
Yes. I am insecure and I don't want her to be hurt. She and I both live in the U.S. and I don't want any chance of being doxx'd.
Most people who don't like troon threads don't click on troon threads and reply twenty times in troon threads
I think you belong in here pal
If you are so insecure why are you able to act so confidently in all these threads? You also cant even speak to waiters in service situations, even I can do that.
you wanna suck their cocks so bad. damn that is crazy. He is a narcissist you know you dont need to help him, he will think he is right regardless.
Damn the easy disprove was found out fast :\ But not by the high iq couple :3
By my calculations, Tranny kun has a 73% argument win rate on this board and Retard san is even higher. They don't need me to help them feel right because they usually are.
why are you posting in 3rd person, tranny? you only win in your own threads, and even that's a stretch. come to any other thread and I or anyone else will fucking annihilate both you cunts. Stay in your lane.
That is some random anon trying to suck them off. Not sure why a third party would defend them even if you ignore them harassing people their threads are shit tier and really spammy and forced.
I can talk to waiters lol. Also I can be insecure about my appearance but not other things.
Those rates are way too low for me.
Not what your gf said. 
lol. and you say you dont have npd.
I can show you countless examples of them BTFOing multiple chuds at once. 
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72882168/#72883333
holy shit please end your life
These vile tranny fucks come here acting tough. They don't fucking scare me like everyone else here. I have nothing but absolute pure hatred for these grooming pedophile cunts and their pathetic drag shows
They are actually among the highest scores I currently have recorded. Both of you are top ten and retard san is pushing into top 5. I know you are probably just joshing me though
I dont care about them being trans but they are obviously sociopathic rubbing their supposed happiness in the faces of those less fortunate under the excuse of trying to inspire them. 
I have never met someone genuinely happy who incessantly needs to remind everyone they are SO HAPPY AND LOVE THEIR PARTNER SO MUCH
on some random fucking website. Absolute sociopath behavior.
She was goofing. I am shy, dough.
Holy shit you're mad lol
lmao at trannky kun gettting anally dismantled in that thread thinking he is pwning rightoids
Yeah, my bf is really good at winning arguments. Most people here are low iq and just get butthurt when they lose to me. I'm not as argumentative as him but I easily win against people too whenever the get on my nerves.
That's not me lmao. Any thread where the topic is people post SRS surgery results is trash.
Want to know a secret?
Thinking you won doesnt mean you actually won. Crazy, I know.
Wait, which is it? Is Tranny kun winning that argument or losing it? Or is it the mysterious imitator again?
It is obviously him nobody else posts like that and uses those specific images
I didn't see the thread but it is true that my bf wins almost every argument he gets in.
It was an imitator lol. If it was actually me I would've posted dozens of times.
They're the kind of fags who pretend they didn't lose when in reality they did. Very nice.
If you win almost every argument that means you are an idiot, not intelligent.
npd people tend to do that, yeah.
Hey, I have someone you wont win against.
Retard-san and especially Tranny-kun are vulnerable narcissists like picrel, quite neurotic also
Who won't I win against?
Meme buzzword and I deal with lots of criticism here just fine. I hate being harassed for my appearance, dough.
true.
I can give you their contact if they post again, they are more confident they are right than you are. Would be like watching two unstoppable forces run into each other and would make me laugh.
my bf isnt a narcissist, he's a super sweet boy. When I stayed over at his house, I asked him to make tea for me and he would do it and be happy to make me happy. And also, he gives me backrubbies. Is that what a narcissist would do? I think not
Narcissistic people can actually be incredibly sweet and charming when luring someone in. even for months at a time. They arent addictive to interact with because they just treat you like shit. You clearly know little to nothing about the disorder to assert that as a refutation of the claim.
What's the topic to debate
What proves the narcissism then?
lmao at them getting their larps all mixed up
I dont know, I am sure you could find something.
I mean I cant really prove anything I just have a strong intuition about it. Specifically your inability to admit you are wrong readily, your constant harassment of people for fun, and clear rampant egotistical beliefs (I am almost always right for example), both remind me heavily of several npd people I have interacted with at length in the past and are common traits of people that have it.
I have Buddhist personality disorder and slept through class one Thursday as I am often a minute behind because I am left-handed
irl he is an extremely sweet boy, he is super shy, super sweat, super eager to please, super loving, everything about him is amazing &lt;3
Oh also he constantly goes into other threads and attempts to become the center of attention, struggling to let others be the focus of something is common in npd as well, if they are not the focus they commonly will pick fights with others (as your bf does). to shift the attention onto themselves.
Many women prefer to give oral than receive it. Is it the same for transgirls? Do they enjoy having their penises sucked by their partners or does it increase dysphoria?
no surprise they're narcissistic and charming. it makes their grooming easier.
Okay, but that doesn't change anything. His egotistical thought patterns and refusal to accept any form of blame or responsibility, and his general belief that he's infallible and never wrong about anything, remain.
I picked up on that in another thread where someone was trying to get a straight answer out of her/him for ages, eventually gave up and started talking to a different anon who actually understood the subject and Tk was like a child, immediately acting out once the attention was withdrawn. I thought it was weird because his character is normally very calm.
Did you read what I said earlier? people with npd can be some of the sweetest and most loving people in the world.. for the first few months, maybe even the first year or so. When the other shoe drops you may change your tune. Also, the fact he constantly uses you as his flying monkey for arguments and shaming of others is another point that hints towards him at least having narcissistic tendencies. Oh and also he finds it extremely hard to apologize (ex: me, I had to cut myself to get him to admit I MIGHT be an incel). 
I am glad someone else sees it. Oh also he does not seem to have genuine empathy, his ways of acting regarding that are also reminiscent of people with npd I have interacted with.
They are actually fairly infantile in ways, it is a bit surreal. I only know so much about it because I have bpd and those with npd form very toxic dynamics with bpd people, I actually correctly sniffed it out in the last person I got even decently close with and they admitted they had it but hadnt said anything. I may be wrong about him having it but he at least has traits.
when I am with him, I don't see a mean bone in his body. He's super gentle and loving. I just don't see it.
is not a counterargument, for reasons I have previously stated.
I've seen instances of this too in other threads he's been in. If no one replies to him he starts butting into other anons conversations with the obvious intent to bait people. Also his shitshow a few days ago when someone called him out on a spelling mistake was just bizarre.
Look, he might or might not be full-blown NPD, but he has a lot of maturing to do either way. No fucking shit he's nice to his girlfriend during the earlymost honeymoon days, who the hell isn't? My sister's ex was a great guy for the first year or so before he started beating her. Obviously your boyfriend isn't and never will be physically violent, but the point stands that character flaws begin making themselves more obvious as time goes on. He probably has little frustration towards you because you water his ego so much and so he has little reason to feel contempt or be anything but kind to you; NPD or not, he clearly has some ego problems but you rarely if ever challenge him and kiss his ass 24/7, so there's been no issues. But if you do ever have a serious fight, the structure of the relationship might destabilize unless he learns some humility and learns how to listen to others instead of being a brick wall.
I think it is telling of his lack of understanding of the disorder that his defense from this is that he doesnt mind being harassed. people with npd often will harass people just for easy attention, it does not have to be good attention, as long as they are the focus.
difficult to xomment on this depends on too many things but i dont think retard san would like to receive blojobs even if her bf is bi because of other things theyve said
I love you! &lt;3
I do admit I'm wrong sometimes, and of course I think I win most debates here. Most people hardly even try to debate back and most are really low IQ chuds. Also, my "harassment" seems to almost all just be calling people normalfags or just labels like that or attention whore.
So when's the time bomb about to blow? I promise we'll be sweet lovers forever! &lt;3
I've dealt with a lot of conflict, seriously, though. I don't think I'm going to crack if we have an argument one day then I go full manipulative narc mode.
I have seen one instance of you admitting you are wrong. The people with npd I have spoken to also think they win almost if not all debates because others are low IQ or illogical. 
calling people these names
Yes, for attention, which it does get you so you continue to do it.
yeah that is not indicative of lovebombing at all, lol.
It's not lovebombing since it's true. If you want me to point out a time I've been wrong I can do so if you have examples. I don't think I'll agree I lose debates to people who think that robots are when you're just a quirky normalfag, dough.
Forgot cute image fugg
Same but he only admitted after being cornered into it and was passive aggressive about it
You argued with me about me being a normalfag for months. I had to harm and threaten to harm myself a lot of times for you to begrudgingly admit you were wrong, you even said I was as I was threatening you with minecrafting you and your gf.
NPD trait number 40: trying to constantly belittle others. Your smug anime girls play into an overall effort to dominate others and make them feel stupid and small.
I cant tell if this is sarcasm but I genuinely considered that as well. The specific choices of images are telling.
Nope, not sarcasm at all. Why would it be? His modus operandi is to make everyone he argues with feel as though they're beneath him.
I have noticed that too. It is almost as if the content of the argument is only barely related and the primary focus is making the other person submit or emotionally react. quite slimy.
I'll just post cute/sexy ones then going forward ITT.
Do you genuinely think well adjusted people assert that they are right the vast majority of the time
Winning debates the vast majority of the time against /r9k/ chuds/fakecel normalfags =/= being right the vast majority of the time in my general life
You didn't have to make an entire thread about this, Retard-San.
i love retard-san so much... but would i if she wasn't taken? i guess it's our fate to want what we cannot have...
why would you love me? I don't think I'm that interesting lol
Here's an actual picture of Retard-san, now fuck off and leave her alone
Good taste.
Because you're sweet and lovey
Hair color is closer at least
everything you post implies you are the perfect gf and you are always nice on these threads
lmao
It wishes. Post a pic of a man wearing a brown wig and you get the idea.
you're mentally ill and need help. if that's an insult to you then so be it but i'm not cutting myself over anything
Yes, she has the typical tranny performative and exaggerated femininity, but she's generally not nice to anyone except her slave owner, I mean boyfriend.
Her hair is natural lol.
She's always a perfect angel, dough.
?
Yeah I find it funny they parade their relationship around like this when it is just one dominating the other but not in some meaningful way but one being a yes man
Does anyone else want to hit Tranny-kun in the head with a baseball bat every time he says 'dough'
He is doing it purposefully to get attention by making people angry, it is kind of funny if we all decided to pretend to be aggravated by certain behaviors he would probably start doing them regularly.
Why?
I just think it's cute.
Yes we are aware you think getting reactions out of people is cute.
My bf is actually my slave, he said so after I owned him in an argument
He's low IQ, he can't spell words correctly. But shhh, don't point it out, his ego can't handle it.
oh not this shit again lmao goodbye thread
