I turn 19 tomorrow. I have become everything I feared.
19 is young as fuck. get a STEM degree and you'll turn out fine. If you parents are faggots who don't want to support you through school, get a loan, BUT you must finish your degree.
t. 26 yo with a degree and 130k net worth
Not OP but I'm his age, what's the best STEM degree? I chose cybersecurity but I think I might just switch to computer science
idk anything about cybersecurity, but it seems like you'd learn enough about it through regular comp sci and self learning.
if I had to start over in 2023, I'd choose engineering. I struggle to find work even with a solid portfolio
idk anything about cybersecurity
btw I mean the BSc curriculum
Don't get a STEM degree anon. I'm 39 and I only make $40k a year.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL MF YOURE NINETEEN EVEN IF YOU WERE IN A COMA FOR 2 YEARS STRAIGHT STARTING TODAY YOURE STILL GOOD
I'd choose engineering
I was interested in electrical engineering but seems tough. I'll have to look into that more.
I struggle to find work even with a solid portfolio
That's my biggest fear honestly. The fact that college may just mean nothing for me and that it won't even get me a job. Though I suppose maybe in the time I graduate shit with the job market could get better. I don't have to pay since my parents will so at least I won't be in debt, but it's hard not to feel blackpilled about this shit
still good
what's good about being unable to talk to people? what's good about not finishing high school?
regardless of what degree you get you should start going to the gym anon if you haven't already. all other advice is kind of dogshit
lol I said the same thing at 19
I'm 24 virgin/friendless rn
yeah you sound like me wheni was fourteen theres no hope. and thats coming from 30 year old me
hard not to feel blackpilled about this shit
I feel you. No one can predict the future, but it's worth investing in an education. it will at least give you plenty of opportunities to make connections and make yourself smarter. People who don't attend a STEM program in uni (business and arts student, or highschoolers, drop outs) have really strange, primitive perspectives on a lot of things in life, in my opinion. uni refines that.
like investing in the market, you can be scared, or just fucking do it knowing ETFs are a safe and good vehicle.
EE is not tough. I never studied for anything and I got a 3.89 gpa. Graduated last year and now I make $94k. Just don't be a literal retard or a pussy and you'll be fine
dude, I am a decade older then you. Fuck off with this nihilistic bullshit. You are literally just starting your life. Now do something. I know I wish I did when I was 19.
Nice. How hard is to find a job though? Is it painless or will you have to send in up to hundreds of applications like I hear you have to do for other tech jobs
I sent out a few applications a week starting when I became a senior. I got the job offer around thanksgiving. I'm naturally good at interviewing, though. You may want to get good at that if it's a weak point for you
Is young then complains about it. Seems about right
