why do people hate themselves?
When people are social, they believe in norms and duties. And when they fail to live up to this standards, they hate themselves for it. Antisocial people usually don't have this trait.
I don't hate myself, I hate everyone else.
Because they're full of toxins, they lack nutrients, and they've been brainwashed
I see a lot of the things I dislike about my parents in me.
People learn to hate themselves when they are hated by others first. No one is born with the concept of hating their own self. It is taught by assholes and it is non recoverable
because they are not chad. society and the media is full of subliminal messages saying "IF NOT CHAD KILL SELF"
They lack a connection to God, and to Jesus Christ.
in hope supplementary pressure causes change in self
For me it's because I have a disability and I can't do things normally
I actually have a low IQ that makes me incapable of living an adult life.
if i don't get to hate you for what you can't help, you don't get to either
I don't know. I really wish they'd cut it out, but if I say that they just get all pissed. I'll say something like "knock it off!" and then they'll turn their attention toward me and we'll get in a conversation about it. Usually my side of the argument amounts to "just quit it, okay?" but it never works.
This and disappointing others. I can't help that they have expectations, nor that I'm weak.
Isn't subjecting yourself to years of self hatred and guaranteeing suicide punishment enough? Why do I have to keep suffering because others continue having expectations? I never asked for any of this. Let me disappear.
can't put down someone who already puts hisself down
They want to be someone else and have better experiences in life. We're all jealous of the pretty normies who get to live life on easy mode.
This is true too, we internalize the negative comments of others which is usually their own self-hate trying to deflect on us.
We invented Chad, don't forget that.
im ugly and autistic
if you knew everything i know about me, you'd hate me too
checked trips holy 7s of truth
every day i slip further.
I love myself; I hate all of you.
the more i age the more i accept myself
we all die 
we all are scared 
if you can understand this be kind to all or not
live as it happends
because we are hateable.
autism is mental dysfunction.
depression is weakness.
being ethnic often means being poor and despicable.
repeated failure is contemptible.
it is delusional to not have self-hatred for people with such an existence.
Lesser demon infestation. I will kill the stupid and forgetful devil and send him back to hell.
We got manhandled by demons when we were young and vulnerable and were tricked into thinking that we're the ones who are responsible which only racks up the guilt and misery, its all horseshit peddled by Satan to steal your soul. Typical tricks
without light, dark, heat, cold, love, hate
it's never good enough
