When world war 3 does happen and we get drafted imagine the stories youll get as you and your buddies travel through marshes and mountains fighting hordes of gooks and vlads. 
If ww3 ever happens I wish my whole squad to be full of r9k bros 
I feel like something big is gonna happen soon.
gets ambushed in the first night and tortured before dying
Are you retarded? I am not fighting and dying for this fucked up, sick western shithole. Plus I got 5150d so I wouldn't be fit to be drafted anyway.
I hope ww3 starts and I can take their virginities of robots as a reward for their service while their in their sexy uniforms.
Too old to get drafted newfag. I'll probably be participating in sabotage and guerrila warfare however if nothing else than to defend whatever group I fall into.
we get drafted
Bitch, i'm 22. All the single 18 year olds. Then the 19, 20, and 21 year olds gonna go die before they even think about drafting my fat ass. Plus, I would get a medical exemption because I broke my dick on your mother's cervix last night
cuck
are you from the "based department"?
hello?
shut up you worthless chad loving whore. you will just end up in the harems of men who are rich and powerful enough not to fight and die for a stupid egotistical far of powerful politicians
Not dying for zog. I'll die before I accept the draft
Literally a fake war, who would fight in it and throw their lives away? oh my god.
This is retarded.
White men have died disproportionately to their global numbers in last two wars.
This time let those stunning and brave w*mxn and pocs die instead.
Y'know to equilize those piles of corpses a bit
tfw crippled enough to avoid even McNamara's Morons but still good enough to enjoy life on my own terms. 
Feels good.
kys fed
if I get drafted im just going to leave lmao
this country isn't worth dying for
enjoy feeding the poppies thousands of miles away from home faggot
I want a tell german chad in a nazi uniform to rape me
If we go to war in China or Taiwan they wouldn't even have to draft me.
I'd rape, go to brothels, and take home a barely legal war bride to my trailer park and live out the rest of my days as a war hero with a hot yellow waifu.
You'd be dead in 4 seconds, Cletus
Oh what? Because I live in a trailer park? Fuck you, city slicker. You're probably a small dicked Asian too aren't you? I'm gonna be banging your women and shooting your brothers.
My cock will be painted in their blood and your sisters will lick it clean.
E Pluribus Unim, bitch.
he actually does live in a trailer park
he's actually a chink
to be full of r9k bros
SQUAD BROKEN!
Imagine drafting a bunch of outcasted, angry incels with nothing to lose and giving them a bunch of guns. 
That's a very smart idea.
