Governments should give NPCs what they need. Not what they want (or what some Jew brainwashes them to want).
Yes everyone is a meat automation except you. You passed the test because you believe in everything /pol/ says. Dumbass.
Not that I would ever want to live in North Korea, but I cannot fucking wait for UBI, seeing as Red China took all out real jobs for pennies anyway. TFW too autistic to survive in this underpaid piece of shit service economy.
I don't want someone else deciding for me what I "need". Governments should not exist.
Sure, people definitely need to march in an orderly line, worship an authoritarian state, and live how some dickhead in power wants them to live. Go fuck yourself retard.
I have actually been to North Korea. It was a surreal experience. It was also totally great, I saw exactly what I went there for.
I don't want someone else deciding for me what I "need". I am a free thinker. The free market of ideas shall prevail. I am very smart.
Freedom is a lie. NPC's have no free will. They do whatever they're programmed to do. The solution to fixing them isn't to give their masters even more freedom to brainwash them. But to replace their current immoral brainwashing with something moral. Fuck libertarianism. I don't agree with how women are currently being brainwashed. I'd rather see them brainwashed to behave like Christians instead of this make believe "free will" shit that's going on right now that brainwashes them to be whores. wbu? inb4 "OMG WHY DO YOU HATE WOMEN?!?!?!" I don't hate women. I don't even hate niggers. Niggers do what niggers do. I hate Jews. Especially Ashkenazi liberal subhuman Jews.
Holy fucking strawman batman.
christfag is an authoritarian piece of garbage
No way.
Third world hands typed these posts and then thought themselves clever.
Import the third world, become the third world.
why is mexico 3rd world? it's right there
they're like white enough even if you were racist
drugs?
When you came back to your country, did they ask you why you went?
Governments will always serve themselves first and foremost
jesus christ bros. imagine a white incel christian north korea. a chud can dream. a chud can dream.
Uh you mean at the border? No, why would they? Where you go is your own business. My friends? Ofc everyone asked and was curious and wanted to see pics.
Truly the most insufferable people would live there.
every shitskin and liberal in the world would be trying to illegally immigrate there and claim you're "oppressing" them by keeping them out.
It's already happening. Orania, South Africa. This place makes trannies seethe.
The/pol/ delusion is strong.
i have no rebuttal. i am very smart.
Rebuttal to what? There was no argument. One person said that it would totally be the best (doubtful), and another said that a shithole like South Africa is somewhere that people want to live, and that trannies seethe. Nobody was even talking about trannies btw. We'd rather not hear about your fetish.
