If you stopped caring about sex it's time to go check your testosterone
Why would i want to care about sex
coomers don't jack off 5 times a day because of high T, they're just addicted jerk-offs. Stop coping
If all you care about is sex you should put a gun to your head.
you are a mentally ill coomer, sex is disgusting
Eunuchs and troons seething again
Troons are coomers who took a fetish way too far. That's what next for you as well, coomer scum.
I know. Past a certain point it doesn't even matter if you make it because sex won't feel as it could've used to be.
has nothing to do with test. It's a mental thing
as good as it could've used to be*
Typo
... Fuck it I'm saving this
Fuck you OP
I care about sex but only because of what it offers to me emotionally.
The last time I liked a girl or had that cute little crush thing was in middle school Im so jaded now I dont even care anymore porn makes me feel sick spilling my seed makes me feel like shit after I dont give a fuck anymore honestly
People still care about sex, it's just that porn is better than ever and average girls are more demanding and more entitled than ever. It's a simple cost/reward analysis. The personality of women has never been more entitled, vapid, and boring. Every 5/10 girl out there thinks she deserves a 7/10 bf because she matched with one on Tinder, which makes them completely insufferable to date if you're a 5/10 guy. Being treated like a 'hotdog on the ground' by your looksmatch is the fast track to bitterness and disengagement from society and the system overall.
I'm fucking glad I live in an area with reasonable people... Acoholics, sure, but at least they're sane.
Not sure what you're getting at, but dating apps have been a complete disaster for dating among young people in the west.
I stopped using dating apps for that reason. My issue now is that women my age are married or dating someone. I had a chance with a new coworker who is 18 but she litterally JUST got a boyfriend in like the first week of working where I am
My mom says to try taking a cooking class since I'm cooking for her now anyway (She's on major restrictions after heart surgery)
Their egos dont ways get so inflated due to dating apps its social media as well, TikTok instagram etc just look at the comments on an average girls picture
Also I don't know what I'm getting at either; my brain is frazzled from work and I'm only semi-coherent atm.
Sorry to hear that, imo meeting girls irl is best, but if you can use dating apps without internalizing the results that's a good bonus. A 5/10 girl will get many, many times more matches than her male looksmatch. 
For sure, there is such a glut of male horniness due to the soft harems online hypergamy has created that average women have absolutely delusional egos. We live in an unlucky time to be an average man when it comes to dating
Naturally stopped caring about is as I stopped caring about life.
I think I do have low test actually. It makes me depressed and sad to think about it so I try to just ignore it. Im only 23 and my best years and my youth have been wasted because of these health issues. Cant build muscle, cant lose fat, dont look manly or strong, feel like shit and have low energy all the time, and I dont even feel like a sexual creature anymore. I feel no attraction to women anymore and dont care about sex. Dick barely gets hard and fapping feels like nothing. Started getting gyno, body looks like shit. Its fucking horrible man, I cant do anything about it either and my doctor doesnt give a shit and says im in a normal range apparently. Sometimes I feel like killing myself over this shit. Feelsbad. I genuinely hope none of you fellow robots have to ever deal with this horrible shit
You can't build muscle because you never properly tried you excuse searching faggot.
Ive been consistently working out for years. Eating 1.5 grams of protein per kg of weight, drinking lots of water, trying to sleep as best as I can, limiting sugar and junk food. It doesnt change anything, my body literally looks the exact same as when I started. My lifts have barely increased, I just CANNOT build muscle or gain strength, its fucking ridiculous. Keep trying to shit on someone whos down though, I really dont give a shit anymore and hardly care enough to even explain this so im leaving it at that.
Just inject T bro. Go to a TRT clinic.
There are none where I am. No male specific clinic or doctor, no male fertility doctors, no mens health anything. I live in a shitty town in northern Canada. Funny how in this retarded country some woman can go get tons of test if she says shes a tranny but I cant get a single shot of test to keep me from blowing my fucking head off. Whatever man idc anymore, one day ill be dead and this bullshit wont even be a memory anymore.
You could go the tranny route. Say you're gender fluid but want to present as more masculine, so need T injections. Some shit like that. No idea if it would work though.
And idk how it is in Canada but test is very easy to obtain illegally in the US. Google steroid source talk.
