The reason our team won isn't because of our skills, genes, or steroids. But because we believed in ourselves and had more confidence than our opponents.
and now you realize why tranime watchers are mentally ill.
The denial of biological determinism and its consequences have been a disaster to both the human race and the non-Adamic mud peoples.
How do you know there opponents weren't even bigger Gigachads?
Cope.Anime was never about hardwork beating talent. Most popular anime protagonist are special snowflakes. Its American dub that forced these ideals on anime. Japanese believe in strict hierarchies and structures so they don't believe in shit like believing oneself or hardwork will undermine destiny.
Funny how you people post absolute propaganda where they use the most attractive white guy for the "white race" and typical stereotypes for other races except Native Americans. I am also willing to bet you are closer to chinless incels like Himmler than the guy in that pic.
Whites are superior. Let's stop this delusional thinking. They built the world. They invented everything. All Whites.
You need us. We don't need you. That's right us. You have no problem categorizing me with all of white people when it comes to blaming us for non-existent slavery, privilege, and oppression. But when it comes to collectively classifying us for inventions, suddenly we're individuals. Fuck you Jew.
Keep sucking your own cock I guess.
I dont need some weird 4chan poster though. So what's with this "we" talk there my dude. You can die this moment and it would affect the world no more than a whiff of wind.
Notice in the background the Asian lady
this is incredibly stupid. people have gotten along perfectly fine without that shit for thousands of years. none of these are truly needs as it's being advertised here
i used to fap to that picture
This could be you but you chose to be born a short, small framed, no chin incel. choices have consequences, my friend
You can die this moment and it would affect the world no more than a whiff of wind.
True for 99% of humanity. Thanks to technology, overpopulation, open borders, post-scarcity, and oversaturation everyone is easily replaceable. Even so called high skilled jobs.
It really is pure skill since athletes are ALL genetic freakshows so the playing field is actually equalized from their point of view.
it really isn't though, because even among those freaks there are even bigger freaks. not sure if you've been around those at a high level, but you run into a few dudes who are just insane. it's not even a talent thing anymore.
nah bro it's just hard work bro they just wanted it more bro stop taking away their accomplishments that they 100% earned themselves not because of what they were born with
bro
The first step towards victory is a grand delusional belief that you are superior to your opponent, and that your opponent is a subhuman waste of space. You don't have to be correct in this belief, you just have to unshakingly hold it. No reason, no logic, only utter mental and spiritual dominance.
That might win you in ooga booga sports and even help you dominate debates but not trying to project yourself into the opponent will cost your dearly in intellectual confrontations like chess or even real war at top leadership level.
Do go on sir, please
