your type?
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Don't know your type? Take a test here:
https://sakinorva.net/functions
https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test
https://www.michaelcaloz.com/personality/
Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is an introspective self-report questionnaire indicating differing psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions. The test attempts to assign four categories: introversion or extraversion, sensing or intuition, thinking or feeling, judging or perceiving.
An introductory article:
https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics
Is MBTI - pseudoscience?
https://pastebin.com/0jkuLMkc
Bibliography of Jungian and MBTI derived typology
https://pastebin.com/XJvFYQzT
Explanations of functions:
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types
Additional tests and resources:
https://pastebin.com/QK0uSJaT
A bunch of documents pertaining to Isabel Briggs-Myers life including letters and homeschool workbooks: https://ufdc.ufl.edu/collections/myersbriggs
Big5 OCEAN test
https://www.truity.com/test/big-five-personality-test
https://www.scienceofpeople.com/personality/
Previous thread: >>73058986 →
Is "ISFJ" a good result?
how well do you say the type resonates with you?
New thread for the interested.
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
I would choose your brain having better thoughts.
my thread is so good that it needs advertising
It reads like you've used a soulless chatbot to recycle some old questions
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/post/72275358
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/post/69991635
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/post/64283854
Which is adorable, so save yours for next time
your type?
INFP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Summer being less hot. Fuck the heat.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
No. I'm not autistic.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Out of fucking creativity to make such stupid questions, are you?
What does it mean when a type "resonates"? Do you mean the type description?
Difference between a more Introverted entp and an intp?
Difference between a more Introverted entp and an intp?
Reclusive ENTP would not have less problems with social harmony and more problems with physical impressions
Reclusive ENTP would not have less problems
would have less problems I mean
like, do descriptions of how cognitive functions work for ISFJs check out with you?
What are cognitive functions? I know that between extroversion and introversion I prefer introversion. Between sending and intuiting I prefer sensing. Et cetera. Is that not MBTI?
What are cognitive functions?
NTA but it's what 16personalities test omits and what MBTI is originally based on
Simplified explanations for functions if they're in first position of the stack (of highest preference for the type) are:
Dominant Extraverted Sensing (Se): Directing energy outwardly and acquiring information by focusing on a detailed, accurate accumulation of sensory data in the present
Dominant Introverted Sensing: Directing energy inwardly and storing the facts and details of both external reality and internal thoughts and experiences
Dominant Extraverted Intuition: Directing energy outwardly to scan for new ideas, interesting patterns, and future possibilities
Dominant Introverted Intuition: Directing energy inwardly to focus on unconscious images, connections, and patterns that create inner vision and insight
Dominant Extraverted Thinking: Seeking logical order to the external environment by applying clarity, goal-directedness, and decisive action
Dominant Introverted Thinking: Seeking accuracy and order in internal thoughts through reflecting on and developing a logical system for understanding
Dominant Extraverted Feeling: Seeking harmony through organizing and structuring the environment to meet people's needs and their own values
Dominant Introverted Feeling (Fi): Seeking intensely meaningful and complex inner harmony through sensitivity to their own and others' inner values and outer behavior
https://sakinorva.net/library/contextualizing_functions
Typical "healthy" behaviors of the type pair primary and auxiliary functions, typical "unhealthy" behaviors of the type pair primary and tertiary functions in a "loop" and/or fixate on the inferior function for a "grip."
ISFJ = Si-Fe-Ti-Ne, but real function dynamics play out deeper than what descriptions of separated functions could provide. For example, pic describes how 4 functions may work by their position, and expands to 4 shadow functions - "opposites" by i/e - of that "main" stack.
https://enneagram-personality.com/en
thoughts on this enneagram test? some forum rec'd it as best one out there
The questions aren't so bad ... But:
Has no buttons to go back and forward if you miss the click.
One of the questions is just about presence superego.
Need to scroll down to pass the "Get personalized and complete results for $4.99" shilling.
It should've pointed out that your enneatype could be within first 3 most likely results because that's how it's been for mine.
Rating: mediocre. :P
IMO main minus is it taking this much time and not even throwing in a few instinctual types questions, despite asking for money for some kind of full result sheet
Who the fuck types people like this
she could actually be an istp
her handlers appeal to inferior fe (and her emotions really look like inferior fe) and instill fear in ti-ni loopin
in stress this leaves se unused so she can't go plant and touch some grass with her 5 senses to see that world isn't ending rn
thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge
uhh judgemental thinker bros? where does it place you?
your type?
INTJ-T
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Less hot summers
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
sometimes
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
yes
your type? him
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick? if summer gets rid of certain food then no, why make me choose
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines? sometimes 
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out? i am depressed
So is this the antichrist that Jung warned us about
y'know
all those 2000s cyborg pirate zombie jesus jokes are starting to make a lot of sense now
judgemental thinker 
No such thing, there are only thinking judgers instead.
Their mbti and enneagram types ?
I want my old sakinorva design back instead of the crap we've gotten now
ISTP 3w2 and INTP 9w8
if INFJ-A were awake rn he'd point out she's a sensoid
In some really awkward position evidently, compared to other members of NT quadrant
too nervous to ask his anime pillow on a date
megumin bro?
are ENTJs typically famous
I want my old sakinorva design back instead of the crap we've gotten now
new one is better tho
has that sovlful vibe of myspace blogs with microsoft word text effects
APPLE store
Oh no
More like infamous, lolol.
comfy pic
your type?
INFP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
summer choice
I stay at home in summer and have no room for an a/c
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
yes but not when I'm crossing a road or something
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
what if a cute hobo girl could use them? what if she becomes grateful and becomes my gf? I close all the bottles I can
I posted the following in the other thread got only incel emotionally immature lashing in response. Anyone here with a mature take?
INFP female here looking for some fellow NF perspective
So I've been in a long-term relationship with a nice guy I grew up with and starting formally dating in HS. Flash forward to now where I have only 3 semesters left in college. He decided not to go to school and started working instead, so I was sort of on my own on campus. He and I have the understanding that while I am in college we are not exclusive and are free to see what happens. That doesn't mean either of us are going to go looking for anything or pursue someone necessarily. It just means that it's college and anything can happen. He's fully committed even though I never required it, and honestly that's what I love about him. He's sweet and loyal to a fault. However, he's pushed for exclusivity from me for a few years now and I don't think it would be right to promise him exclusivity until after I graduate. For me, waiting until I can actually keep my promise feels like the right thing to do. It wouldn't be right to make a promise you might not be able to fully keep even if you mean to at the moment you make it. Circumstances can change. So I feel like I'm having integrity here and doing the right thing by not promising exclusivity until after I'm graduated. But people I'm close to that I have confided in have said that I'm not doing the right thing. They've said that I'm being selfish EVEN THOUGH I never expected exclusivity from him. That was just his choice.
Anyway, it's a really complex and complicated situation and I wouldn't mind another INFPs perspective on this.
They've said that I'm being selfish EVEN THOUGH I never expected exclusivity from him. That was just his choice.
did you tell him that you are not being interested in having exclusivity with him? or did you not say anything on this at all?
Look, there's a guy from one of my compsci courses and we did things together when he needed comforted after a bad breakup with a girl who didn't value him. That situationship was the closest thing that came to what some might consider being another relationship
It's not that uncommon to do things with your male friends while on campus
tell some details on this
there actually may be your bf's fault if any at all
I told him that I can't offer exclusivity with him for now but would after college and when things are settled and less hectic. I'm not going to make any conscious efforts anymore to pursue things outside of our relationship but realistically speaking things happen on campus plus the sorority I'm in is on the rambunctious side. If you aren't open to vibing with the campus lifestyle then you'll be excluded.
He was fully aware of this and it was his choice to be one-way exclusive to me. It's not fair for him to expect that from me when I never put that expectation on him in the first place. He hasn't given an ultimatum or anything. And he's not even that upset about it. He just keeps asking and saying he would prefer that I not be open to enjoying my last year of college.
ESTJ
Summer being less hot. I love dirt. Makes adventure biking more fun.
Not really, but I do like to avoid stepping on the lines when it's easily avoidable.
I don't even wash them out. No way I'd bother putting on caps.
I told him that I can't offer exclusivity with him for now but would after college and when things are settled and less hectic
He was fully aware of this and it was his choice to be one-way exclusive to me
this is just really sad
I'm not going to speak I'll of my bf. I love him dearly and he doesn't deserve any blame. 
I don't want to go into too many details about the guy too much but he had a bad breakup with a girl who used him. I knew then and there that I was meant to provide comfort to him, and to show him a better example of females. I was meant to help him heal. To show him that he wouldn't just be used. Did we do things physically? Yes, but it was from a standpoint of universal love, not romance.
We have a strong relationship of mutual understanding. Just because it's not conventional doesn't mean it's sad.
your type?
INFP-T
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
summer being less hot. i live in a place where none of the houses have built in AC because it's not supposed to get really hot. the last few years of heat waves have been brutal!
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
depends on my mood, but usually i dont adjust
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
caps on! i don't really know what i would do with the caps otherwise.
And people say INFPs have strong principles and morals....
You are either bait or an awful human being.
Or, y'know, both
it sounds like there isn't much of a problem to me, and i figure there won't be one as long as you guys keep communication open like you are now. it might be a good idea, at some point, to sit down and have a long conversation about exclusivity, though. 
part of me thinks he might see your hesitance to become exclusive as a lack of dedication, but it doesn't sound like that's true from your perspective. clearing the air would be good
Thank you for being understanding and not jumping to conclusions Anon. That's welcomed. 
Yeah, there isn't much of a problem between my bf and I. I think that's where people might be misunderstanding things. It's just difficult because I know that I'm doing the right thing by not making a promise I can't keep, and I'm just looking to be reassured. Not many people are onboard with universal love. When I say that I love everyone, I mean that I really do love everyone equally but at the same time my boyfriend is earthly special. We are spirits having a human experience and the spirit in me loves all but the human aspect love my bf dearly and is full committed to a lifelong pairing with him.
Thank you though. Your reassurance is a breath of fresh air around here. As an INFP I don't get a lot of reassurances. It's mostly people "should"ing me. Should do this. Should do that. So thanks again for not shoulding me
Hey, other INFP here
You're a fucking whore and you should kill yourself, that's my perspective ^^
universal love
No clarity
That's your unhealthy ego whoring around because it feels suffocated by commitment
bf is a handy plan B emotional asswipe with no backbone
"earthly unlike the wide universal love"
You're looking down on him lol, probably because you hate how he has the guts to be committed, even if in a stupid way
I see the peanut gallery is out in full force tonight huh
i'm not really up-to-speed on concepts like universal love or earthly spirits, i just figure that as long as your boyfriend knows about all this stuff, and you guys talk about it like adults, it's probably fine. i don't want to be blindly reassuring you, either, just my two cents
Doesn't seem to be a problem for you since apparently you're looking for aggressive male attention to compensate for your lovers being beta
Are you just non exclusive in theory or did u ever actually do things with other people than your bf? And does he know about it if so?
What are their types? Mind the dynamics here!
lol the INFP gigawhore was so desperate for the acceptance and approval she was clearly fishing for that she thought she received it from someone just because they weren't also calling her out for being the massive cheating whore she is
Why are INFPs like this?
INFJ and ENFJ
Yeah I've done things but nothing romantically. Just free spiritual love and comfort. 
My boyfriend knows, but obviously I don't tell him all the explicit details. I don't want to trigger his insecurities.
Just curious, but what was the compsci Cha- ... I mean the compsci Guy's type? The guy that you "comforted and helped heal" ?
I need to read more Jung to see if a merge of shadow projection and anima/animus projection is real...
Why are INFPs like this?
All of them are like this. I've not met a single INFP who wasn't either a gigawhore or who had harem fantasies
your type?
intp
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
summer being less hot
i do not notice any supposed extra "dirt" in spring in excess of other months, other than it being somewhat muddier if it's raining. I don't mind dirt regardless
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
sometimes, if it's not going to alter my walking speed or gait too much
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
depends on the trash can/recycling bin or the drink in question. if it's bottled water or something not sticky - I don't really make a concerted effort to put a cap back on. if there's a bag in the bin - again don't make a concerted effort. if it's a soda, i may put a cap back on so the bin doesn't get sticky.
what is "free spiritual love and comfort"? is that like code for casual sex? also are you a femoid (bio)?
INFP sorority slut cucks her INFP bf and claims opening her legs for Chad is "universal love" and doesn't harm her relationship with the bf at all
it's bf's fault
it's gf's fault
it's both
it's neither
Somebody get Centaur on this!
LARPer missed the "body reflects spirit" basics
oof
He never tested but I typed him as an ENTJ. 
Yes I am biologically female. The word "casual sex" carries negative connotations. There's no good word for this. Connecting with someone on a deep level emotionally and sometimes but not all the time it can involve physical contact. One of the ways you express love for someone can be through physical touch and cuddles, and sex is honestly just an extension of cuddling when you think about it. It's cuddling but extra. It's a natural progression, and our spiritual selves understand this even if our earthly, lower selves suffer from insecurities.
when you think about it
I'm thinking this is a grotesque false flag satire on INFPs because someone's still seething about them from last thread
It's always funny how when INFPs are actually honest and reveal their true colors in these threads you have coping INFPs and infp lovers/apologist claiming larps or psyops or whatever just because the optics don't look good lol
And no type understands optics and image more than the INFP
Sloppiest samefaggot
I dunno, I'm gay so it's a different world for me. Casual Sex carries no negative connotation for me.
intjfemboi is this you kek
Knows she's having casual sex and hookups making her a whore 
Knows it doesn't look good for her
Tries an HR PR move and relabels a "bad" word and makes it appear good
"The company isn't downsizing, Jim. It's rightsizing"
be real tho how many of you would still let this INFP "comfort" you and help you heal your sexual frustrations?
bitches like this fuck like dead fish
Yes yes, Mr INFP. All the bad optics are samefags out to slander your type. Btw, have you taken your daily medication?
You've gotten so defensive you've forgotten to make your whore autogynephilia post
Try again, incel from other thread.
INFJ lose all tact when their emotions are in the mix of the unnatural narratives they try to push
omg did you know that posting from 2 devices is like magic? (You)s go separately so you don't have to edit screencaps
thanks to my Fi dom and lack of Te I'm still comfy ITT
Being this desperate to damage control bad INFP optics
I'm not a femboy and also im this: >>73110184
And while in the gay world casual sex is very prominent, I'm actually in an exclusive relationship with my bf since almost a decade now which considering gay ppl. We are a statistic anomaly and I do take some pride in that.
I'm not sure which INFP is worse
The blatant whore
Or the one from the other thread who hates his dad because the dad bought him a brand new car but whoops wrong color.....
phone autocorrect autocapitalizes first letter on an arrow
kek
They're not the same poster?
100 percent I would
Damn, I got INTP again! It's been over 10 years since my first test, and I really thought I changed. Still not sure whether I'm really introverted, or just a very selective extrovert who ends up alone due to circumstances beyond my control. Disclaimer: I also have diagnosed autism.
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
I enjoy the variety of seasons and can't entertain such theoretical scenarios, especially because "less dirt" is vague and ambiguous. I will say that I would rather be too hot than too cold, like I would take sweat and sunburn over shivers and sniffles. 
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Yes, but I think this is an autistic behavior. I will also add that when walking on public walkways like sidewalks that have a clear line in the middle, it is very frustrating when people drift into my lane, or when people walking die my side don't move over on their half or go single file to pass me.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
If outside usually yes, unless I could use the cap for a useful purpose later, such as pressing a crosswalk button I don't want to touch. At home there are often bottle caps on the floor that I pick up when I get around to cleaning up later.
Samefag here. Just a moment ago, without even thinking about this thread, I took a drink form a water bottle, which was nearly empty, and I dropped the cap and it rolled away, and my first thought was I'll pick it up tomorrow. That was a really strange coincidence.
Synchronicities find a way
using the cap to press the crosswalk button is pretty clever! i'll have to remember that next time i go out to buy a drink.
i take the test every few years and still get the same result (INFP-T), happy to hear i'm not the only one
Another thing I do is tear off a leaf and use it the same way, then I apologize to the plant.
That's so cute and wholesome.
okay then, tell me an unusual habit or clever trick you have?
hmm? I was being serious though? I think that like apologizing to the plant after taking off a leaf is just cute. that's all.
They're all bad
memes on Jung are underrated ngl
you completely misunderstood my intent
INFPs and INTPs are both Introverted, Intuitive, and Perceiving, preferring to be alone, think about the future, and avoid strict plans. However, INFPs process information emotionally and tend to prioritize feelings when making decisions, while INTPs prioritize logic when making decisions.
hell yeah child meth set
Wha? I was merely stating that I think it's cute what ur doing that's all.
And I was merely asking you if you had any similarly unusual habits to share, that's all.
Hmmm, maybe that when I'm on a public toilet or similar I try to stagger my handwashing or shorten/lengthen it, so I can just like use the chance of someone else opening the door to not have to touch the handle.
Only INFPs can pull this off
your type?
ENTP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Fuck do you mean spring with less dirt i'm going with the other one cuz thats vague as shit
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Yes but idk if its because i might have autism or something like that, I only do that when I dont have other stimulants like music and etc
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Yeah bruh theres always left over water in there i dont want to get soggy trash
fuck the other thread
It's fascinating how one strategically placed bait can derail a whole thread
I don't like glorifications of some consumerism just because it's nostalgic
I don't like nostalgia being hijacked into a glorification of anything at all
your type?
ISTP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Is spring dirty? I'd like it if it rained less in spring. It rains almost constantly here.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Yeah always
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Sometimes, maybe. Not something I put much thought into or ever will
it's just because you don't like germs right?
autistic behavior
autism
Isn't it OCD
you a Fi dom?
your type?
would you clean her room?
INFJ
Yes I'd also be testing out if she wants to cuddle and chill later and I will stop cleaning if I see she's not interested
It's fascinating how one strategically placed bait can derail a whole thread
Indeed
that's really transactional
But I'm not setting her up for anything, there's no obligation
your type?
INTJ
would you clean her room?
I pay her to clean my and her rooms, making her employed and dependent on me for money, status and affection
ENFP here if this matters
Should I feel bad about faking a doctors note?
Doctor only gave me a note for one day off and I would like two days off work instead.
You should never feel bad about duping a corporation in a way that won't materially impact any of its employees.
as long as you won't get caught
kek, grindset tegger detected
Public service tools are disgusting, who doesn't
how does compatibility and "function feeding" work? for example intj and entp have inverse function stack so they should be able to provide for each others functions best but everyone says infj are a near or even better match for entps when they only have half their functions reversed.
I'm the kind that will sexually tease you and then jump out the window and escape
how does compatibility and "function feeding" work?
First of all look here
https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare
As far as common consensus goes, you may notice first and last letter differences always give good pairing unless beyond this there's only second letter changed
Exclusively second and third letter differences may lead to something good only if it's not "both"
That's it for handy noted
But, some rare info - if you start thinking in cognitive functions and then look at position chart in pic here >>73108002 you will notice that a big role at play here are the archetypal marks between the types' functions
Beyond complete shadow flips generating interested like you've noted there's also to look out for things like "hero" function (e.g. Se doms) looking up to "child" function (e.g. Se tertiaries), "hero" for one being "demon" for other leading to a mess, and so on.
And of course it's all as good as bogus if the people involved are "mature" and are not unconsciously led by archetypes dictating their "fate"
INFJ
i'd probably clean the area around the spot where I put the chair I got from outside of the room. i'm not sitting or laying on anywhere that she's been on.
your type?
INFJ
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
I don't care. Winter less cold would help.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
No.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
No.
your type?
INFP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Spring having less. Summer needs to be warm for me. I don't have seasoning nal depression or anything, but the mechanism for me is similar. My moods match the season, and vice versa. Everything influences. Summer is a great time, so is spring, but the warmth of summer after experiencing cold feels so nice on the heart. It's a time to shake off the past year. It's a time of renewed beginnings. Summer without warmth isn't summer. 
Wintertime is when my ex dumped me, so summer has special significance to me. I associate the cold winter with her coldness (or rather my own coldness being cause) and the warmth of summer associated with new life. I wish I had never pushed her away. 
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
When I was young. Not anymore. Now I have too many thoughts to process, so the fault lines escape notice. Unintentionaly allegorical, but I digress.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Whoops. I hope you mean before recycling. The environment is important and nobody seems to care that global warming fast becoming a train, ran away. 
I make it a point to clean out my plastics and wash the nasty off anything I put in the recycle. I do it out of consideration for the workers handling it at the recycle factory.
How Fi can determine if something's really love vs sorta but not really love
It depends on whether you're talking Dom, Aux or what. But for Dom Fi it's stumble. They can't have real love, only love for themself and love the idea of being in love
Damn can't the two threads conjoin into one
2023 and there's no way to do this on 4chan
Cringe
ewwwwww i dont want that thread here
yeah this the pro infp thread
sp1 ISTJ, sp7 ESTP
By the person confronting the unconscious about it...
That website is socionics - not convertible to MBTI.
Type square unifying MBTI, Socionics, Kiersey and Michael Pierce
https://github.com/FalconNL/TypeSquare
16p INTP doing 15 cosplays
Is this the best MBTI chart
Bullshit.
Hover your mouse over a type (or click it if you're on a mobile device) to see the Socionics relationships between the selected type and the others.
Socionics masquerading as other systems. Equivocating all of the systems does not magically make this square valid for anything but socionics
Bullshit
Can and could you log in as FalconNL and say in the page that it's bullshit? Your reasoning of "if there can be an attempt of translation then it's masquerade" just doesn't make sense by itself.
What? It very clearly states that the relationships are from socionics. Adding some vague comment about mixing the systems together means nothing, especially since there is no individualized description of specific type relationships and just a vague summation of socionics intertype relations
Think of personality type as an inclination like being right or left handed. Although some types more often get along with certain types better, the more important factor for compatibility lies with personal direction.
For example, one ENTP may place more importance on sensory details, and another may place more importance on logic. The former would be more drawn towards ESFPs and ISFJs while the latter would prefer ENTJs and INTPs.
I seriously hope you're just trolling...
It very clearly states that the relationships are from socionics. 
There's a systematic correspondence going beyond socionics, based on cognitive functions, noted above.
Adding some vague comment about mixing the systems together means nothing
"Vague" by what objective standards?
All the types in a row have the same function stack, albeit in different order. This corresponds to the quadrants from Socionics
https://github.com/FalconNL/TypeSquare
In that literally nothing from any fucking system but socionics is included in the square you retard. He pretty much made an interactive intertype relationship box and added a little after-comment about mixing together a bunch of systems when the only fucking mixing was writing the types like ESTJ instead of ESTj to confuse people into thinking its MBTI. There is a net total of ZERO information from MBTI or Michael Pierce or whatever the hell else
 socionics. 
There's a systematic correspondence going beyond socionics, based on cognitive functions
A bunch of waffle that means he saw ISFJ and said hmmm that means IF(S) ESI. That still doesnt make it valid for any system but socionics and tricks people into thinking an MBTI ISFJ has this and that relationship with an MBTI whatever else when that is not how any of it works cause its fucking socionics and predicated on the ISFJ being an ESI and every other supposed MBTI type being their respective sociotype
In that literally nothing from any fucking system
A bunch of waffle
It's literally what the author made the table for, and it works.
see the Socionics relationships between the selected type and the others
The table serves more as a reference to save you the mental gymnastics of converting between the three different type representations
Since the shadow functions can be trivially obtained by horizontally mirroring the function stack (e.g. the INTP's shadow functions are Te-Ni-Se-Fi) I don't think adding them is really worth the extra clutter in the interface.
https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/341njk/interactive_type_square_i_made_combining
Your fuming fanfiction on your hallucinations of author's thoughts is irrelevant, seethingoid. Go meditate and come back again.
The table serves more as a reference to save you the mental gymnastics of converting between the three different type representations
This table tells you that these different types in different systems are the same thing
Alright retard I guess you are just incapable of understanding that none of this horseshit is MBTI. Do you think the author repeatedly asserting that he (((simplified))) it gives him any ground to stand on. It is a socionics intertype relation box lazily equivocated with MBTI for the sole purpose of marketability
none of this horseshit is MBTI
Except for when it works within MBTI system >>73116996 , something you still have to address instead of going nuts over multiple system presence being difficult for you, son
Except for when it works within MBTI system
And what about when it doesnt you fucking idiot?? Which is a very large amount of the time cause its not MBTI. LSI and ISTP are far from translating directly, for one concrete example. For the love of god you are fucking retarded. I refuse to waste more time with this bullshit
mbti thread full of autists angrily arguing about random technicalities nobody else cares one way or another about
as expected
waaaaaa waaaa people are talking let me add a braindead non-sequiter to try and feel a pump in my perennially limp fuckstick
Anon please don't cry over nerd-astrology. It's not worth it.
Schizophrenic bullshit
More schizophrenic bullshit
Say anything with substance, faggot. Unless your entire argument is that the system is good because its system as if it can justify its own existence and also function utilitarian-ily. You cant have your cake and eat it too retard
anything too difficult for my smoothbrain is schizo
Many such cases!
Say anything with substance
There's some substance in your veins, dig it out rip it out chew it out cut it out grind it out scratch it out
idk mang tumblr anecdotes show ISFP and INFJ as besties
but I guess it's not that far off from neutral-positive dynamic in the table
What did the PAS authors mean by this?
Why'd you listen to buncha weirdo glowies
Maybe they'd say something interesting lol
PDB consistently obstructs the site with requests to register
blocking scripts doesn't let you go through locked links
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73106993/#73120515
You got triggered and cried to jannies to I'm reposting my post to help you give a meaningful and thoughtful reply to it!
LSI and ISTP are far from translating directly
Irrelevant when it works with consistence across all types.
And what about when it doesnt
This is already addressed in very next post >>73117020 , is your vision fine? How is your breathing? Inhale - exhale... Inhale... Exhale... Inhale... Exhale... Inhale... Exhale... Continue breathing normally.
When I tell you to go meditate - it means go meditate
Which is a very large amount of the time cause its
typology lmao
https://picrew.me/ja/image_maker/1469769
https://picrew.me/ja/image_maker/46139
https://picrew.me/ja/image_maker/1553437
https://picrew.me/ja/image_maker/1342558
your type
post completely anything you've made in any of these 4 links
INTP
I would not clean her room because I do not associate with whores. Hope she burns.
That wasnt me retard. Talking to you is like intentionally walking into quicksand, kys
Talking to you is like intentionally walking into quicksand
*talks*
kys
Maybe your suicidal projections will disappear if you'll talk like something that passes for a person?
It's so funny how much of an incoherent mess some people become when their feelings get hurt.
Like if I was angry, I would make sure that an insult would make enough sense to upset someone.
Like if I was angry,
Exactly, not everyone gets le angery with quicksand divers, some just show pity and support
what's for dinner today soapie
It's over for quicksandcels.
there are 2 personality types
coal burners
and quicksand divers
everything else is mental illness
And some thread questions most anons ignore and just scroll past every fucking time.
Your type
Do you have an addictive personality? Post examples of your addiction or times you evaded common addictions.
At the risk of becoming addicted, would you use mind-altering drugs if you could use other cognitive functions skillfully while "high"? What if you could also talk to the dead?
Do you play by the rules? Or do you feel that "if you're not cheating, you're not trying"?
ENFP
this >>73123535
there are better slob gfs to be had
this nigga without legs
your type?
ENTP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Summer being less hot. I don't have to worry about dirt if I don't walk around in it. The heat on the other hand would make me sweaty regardless.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Sometimes I'd do stuff like that for kicks. Similar to the "floor is lava" game that little kids play all the time.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
I scrunch up the bottle and put the lid on so it holds that shape. It takes up less space that way.
ENTP
I just made this.
But what's worse, a legless GF-haver or a GFless leg-haver?
semen from random men, same thing he has for dinner every day
your type?
intj
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
summer less hot - ideally if the weather stays consistent. much more comfy
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
yes.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
yes squish so they take up less space
So why even bother talking to him?
You are actually mentally ill or at least have a social disorder when it comes to human interactions.
Get help as soon as possible or it will only get worse.
self preservation 5
retentiveness, not giving, detachment, excessively docile, emotionally sensitive, orientation to knowledge, strangeness, guilt, self-demanding, negativism, hypersensitivity, renunciation of action
brutal
This is the most pointless fucking general I've ever seen on this site
that's because most of it is pseudo-intellectual wank and the most retarded shit-flinging ever.
OK I might need to give up and pay for a private dentist soon lol. Apparently it's not that much more expensive anyway.I have like a barnacle growing in one of my bottom front teeth now and it's given me an ulcer.
Only 8 pages
boo!
Make thread questions people care about instead of forcing people to write 8th grade essays in order to interact with the OP.
The same thing everything says about mbti which is that people "act out" their type of course.
This INFP falseflagging has to be stopped.
INFPs are already treated badly by everyone and these posts are going to make them be persecuted even more!
How do you differentiate Ni v Si based on jungs definitions in psychological types? Both seem like types that are prone to delusion and being out of touch with reality.
Ni = No voluntary thoughts, psychic, never wrong
Si = Voluntary thoughts, no ability to understand things you've never encountered, rely fully on memory
Ni = Special witch powers
Si = Dumb and boring
Ni = Niggers
Si = CaucaSians
Make a throwaway email
Did Jung mention memories regarding si?
Most "INFPs" are just mistypes with depression.
Go visit /x/ and you'll change your mind.
wdym?
There's a lot of cool stuff on /x/
The closest I can find is in the Assimilation definition, which in a roundabout way implies Si involves comparing memory images to new conscious perceptions.
Assimilation is the absorption or joining up of a new conscious content to already prepared subjective material [11], whereby the similarity of the new content with the waiting subjective material is specially emphasized, even to the prejudice of the independent quality of the new content [12]. Fundamentally, assimilation is a process of apperception (v. Apperception), which, however, is distinguished from pure apperception by this element of adjustment to the subjective material. It is in this sense that Wundt says [13]: "This method of acquisition (viz. assimilation) stands out most obviously in representations where the assimilating elements arise through reproduction and the assimilated material through a direct sense-impression. For then the elements of memory-images are transferred, as it were, into the outer object, which is especially the case when the object and the reproduced elements differ so considerably from each other that the completed sense-perception appears as an illusion, deceiving us as to the actual nature of things."
I employ assimilation in a somewhat broader sense, namely as the adjustment of object to subject in general, and with it I contrast dissimilation, which represents the adjustment of subject to object, and a consequent estrangement of the subject from himself in favour of the object, whether it be an external object or a 'psychological' or inner object, as for instance an idea. 
Since Sensation is elsewhere defined as conscious perception I'm not sure what else he could mean by this other than using Sensation in an introverted way implies assimilation, which in other words means the classic "Comparing current sensations to memories" if I understood that right. The introverted sensor assimilates the object into his own subjective perceptions.
PS, since Assimilation is a subcategory of Appercepton you should probably understand that too.
Apperception Is a psychic process by which a new content is articulated to similar already-existing contents in such a way as to be understood, apprehended, or clear 
Something Jung was clearly dogshit at, but you can't blame him since he was an INFJ
your type?
INTJ
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
I mostly hate summer for the heat, therefore the latter.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Yes and then I stop when I think about me thinking about it.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
I crush the bottle and put the cap on it (probably a recycling error in some cases).
Exactly the same as me for every question.
Centaur's had sex with at LEAST 500 people and that number increases by 100+ every year.
You'd think that based on my posts and behavior, but that fails to take into account my ick
Let's look around...
Introverted intuition apprehends the images which arise from the a priori, i.e. the inherited foundations of the unconscious mind. These archetypes, whose innermost nature is inaccessible to experience, represent the precipitate of psychic functioning of the whole ancestral line, i.e. the heaped-up, or pooled, experiences of organic existence in general, a million times repeated, and condensed into types.
Introverted sensation conveys an image whose effect is not so much to reproduce the object as to throw over it a wrapping whose lustre is derived from age-old subjective experience and the still unborn future event.
Sensation, which in obedience to its whole nature is concerned with the object and the objective stimulus, also undergoes a considerable modification in the introverted attitude. It, too, has a subjective factor, for beside the object sensed there stands a sensing subject, who contributes his subjective disposition to the objective stimulus. In the introverted attitude sensation is definitely based upon the subjective portion of perception.
In the introverted attitude sensation is definitely based upon the subjective portion of perception.
Whereas, the extraverted sensation-type is determined by the intensity of the objective influence, the introverted type is orientated by the intensity of the subjective sensation-constituent released by the objective stimulus.
introverted sensation is mainly confined to the perception of particular innervation phenomena by way of the unconscious, and does not go beyond them
Whereas introverted sensation is mainly confined to the perception of particular innervation phenomena by way of the unconscious, and does not go beyond them, intuition represses this side of the subjective factor and perceives the image which has really occasioned the innervation.
https://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php/Psychological_Types
Ni v Si
So, a description could be something like 
impressions from assimilations of archetypes from the personal unconscious processes (whose contents can be triggered from conscious or unconscious)
VS
impressions from assimilations of experienced 5-sensations from the personal conscious moments (whose contents can be triggered from conscious or unconscious)
Or maybe not.
"Si" impressions can be ongoing, thus outlasting their "source" - certain experiences within the moment, so, with this, you probably could stick an interpretation of this functioning as some part of memory, somewhere.
Just maintain processes of integration into 8, bro.
Your type
INTJ
Do you have an addictive personality?
It's difficult to evaluate.
Post examples of your addiction
Blinking, occasional consumption of water, occasional consumption of food, constant breathing, some other metabolic processes, and, recently, napping.
At the risk of becoming addicted, would you use mind-altering drugs if you could use other cognitive functions skillfully while "high"?
How would you evaluate skill in there, exactly?
What if you could also talk to the dead?
You don't need drugs for that.
Do you play by the rules? Or do you feel that "if you're not cheating, you're not trying"?
What is the play for? What are the rules for? What the cheating would be for?
DDoS them.
PAS is interesting, but, with such claims, they should also expand on their opinion on what are Psychological Types relative to MBTI. Maybe they did? What's the source for that excerpt?
Will you write a paper for me?
Nah. I'm almost flattered you'd ask that, though.
Just get on with the times and use chatGPT/analogues like all the cool kids do. 
your type
INTJ
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
First one. Collapsing from a sunstroke is more comfy than having to clean more stuff...
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Only if I walk slowly or just pace around.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Yeah, but I wonder why?
Is "ISFJ" a good result?
Good for what? It's just a label to describe your preferences in exploring the world,
-T
even if you've got presented with the label in 16p site.
There's a bit more to it - Thinking-oriented types may seek "validation" of their thoughts and reasoning, Feeling-oriented types may seek "problem solving / advice/ understanding the cause" on matters unrelated to rational reasoning.
It's because it insists upon itself
I see. That may be a contextual priming issue of how I've presented the links, but whatever.
understanding of music theory
Mine is rather surface-level, personally
So did they actually ever get anybody to do the prisoner dilemma thing 
Nah, experiments with participants are only in sources 32-34.
I don't see why it wouldn't apply to coginitive functions, I mean, we're all INTxs here right?
I've formulated my question poorly, it seems. What I meant is "I wonder what specific cognitive functions, if any at all, may participate in the process underlying the described phenomena."
It sometimes feels like everyone's the complete opposite of what they're claimed to be.
Projections aren't real, take your meds!
I think the other replies are rather accurate, but, for the first character:
Doesn't care about looks.
Se trickster
affectionate in unconventional ways
too potato to strike up a conversation
Fe inferior
INTP
Let's not mince words - every single regular is mentally ill. Even ENFJ-senpai shows signs of bipolar.
your type
Isfp
post completely anything you've made in any of these 4 links
I made something that I wanna fuck the shit out of
i came up with this example. i dont think you should listen to me on this but i might as well bring it up.
so imagine 2 detectives: Smith and Navidson. 
Smith is the guy with a calk board with all the facts laid out with a red string. 
Navidson wanders around the city talking to people and inspecing crime scenes 
spoilers for my novel:
Detective Navidson sits in his old cruiser. he tries to smoke but finds his lighter painfully exhausted. so he finds muse instead solely with the storm. its a doozy no doubt, but hes seen worse. in the care of the car the rain outside only serves his mood well. but then there was the body. it had no care to be in and it showed; dark and black and what he hoped wasnt brown but knew was. Navidson didnt like to think about the body. he guided his thoughts then to Miss Holly. the rain was less heavy when they meet a few feet and a couple of hours away. the coffee was good; warm and sweet and black. he wondered at Miss Holly, her and the bacon- its almost like they knew the way he liked it. Miss Holly did and does not understand how much that bacon marveled him. maybe that was her privilege...
I have just witnessed the Fe dom / soc / enneagram 2 flavored mental illness and it's pretty repulsive to me
I have just witnessed the Fe dom / soc / enneagram 2 flavored mental illness and it's pretty repulsive to me
Can you tell us more?
What are the mental illness of regular?
your type?
ISTP
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
What do you mean have less dirt? Spring has the same amount of dirt as every other season retard.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
No
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Put them on cause I'm throwing the cap away too
It began when I watched this one video about a woman talking about how you should always laugh at your boss' joke because it's polite, and always entertain a boring conversation with your coworker / anyone in general because it's nice. 
Just suffocating Fe/soc shit and they do their usual thing with sugar coating shit so it looks nice but it's really asking you to go out of your way to please others to make everyone else comfortable. Losing your soul in the process. It just gave me all these bad fe/soc/2 associations.
if you are not overly friendly and not an active participant in our social dance we WILL shame you and undermine you in any way we can.
oh we will also spread rumours and turn everyone against you but smile and do nice things for you in your face :)
you made a social faux pas? You are an awful person. You are now the workplace clown :)
Look anon I did this for you? This means you NEED to break your back for me! After everything I have done you OWE me
we should always be kind :) omg how hard is it to just be decent? 
As long as someone don't go out of their way to be an ass, who cares? Why the sing and dance? Fuck everyone else who are exhausted from the excessive social dance and corporate bs.
Sounds more than exhausting, god damn. Fucking office politics is why I'd rather dig latrine holes for a job than work at an office.
Still wanna try out Dune board game online? 
https://treachery.online/
same as before, MBTI General's game password r9k
I think I'll try using the "Basic Ruleset" this time since last attempt was a bit overwhelming for my previous test subjects. Also maybe click through the phases more slowly perhaps but that might be annoying. otherwise I'd like a 2000+ peice jigsaw puzzle to play with haha
PAS
They still haven't even fleshed out Modified types yet which is meant to be the whole selling point of the system, so I doubt we'll see much from them. Then again 90% of socionics activity online seems to be based around saying how it's totally different and better than mbti so who knows.
yeah ill give it a go. let me make some tea before you start please
and youll get your puzzle if i lose.
Bahh, you don't have to change the ruleset, it was only overwhelming because I was so worried about being on-time that I didn't think to use the time leading up to the game (even after it was pushed back) to brush up on the rules more. Really. It seems really fun the way you had it set up. I mean, I had fun even though I was only getting the swing of things very slowly.
Let Anonzzle decide I guess, but don't feel that you have to handle everyone with kid gloves just because of my poor preparation, haha.
i know nothing about this game and very little about dune so i would prefer to do one tester game with basic rules
I pressed start, the timer is just there to scare you and doesn't mean anything, chat is on the left,
What do you mean have less dirt?
rain + mud
That's more mud not more dirt
https://youtu.be/Qa9-oyybzGQ [Embed]
your type?
LOVE
INsomethingsomething most likely. I've noticed that overprotective(possessive?) Intuitives can sort of be...purists? Like if you display any Sensing at all your preference must be for Sensing, which just isn't true.
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
L-less dirt? This made me (have you ever noticed there isn't a great word for something somewhere between "giggle" and "chuckle"? To say that I've giggled feels to me sometimes like I'm saying "I'm so cute and feminine!" because I've gotten bullied so hard in both directions all my life, either for being too tomboyish or too girly m-muh being muhself, muh muhltitudes, so to express *anything* that implies I think *anything* of myself one way or the other raises somewhat of an alarm in my nervous system. To have an identity at all feels like "asking for it". Ultimately I've come to love myself even more after being faced with this treatment, though, so no sympathy necessary, thank you. Anyways. Chuckle is so masculine, heartier. And many other synonyms for such things have connotations with the vibes all wrong.)...laugh.
could
implying I would
But to not be such a little stinker about it...Man. Nah, I thought on this for a minute. Muddy spring is good because we need the rain. Waterfalls! Puddle stomping! Mud baths! Hot summers are good because the snowmelt in the river is chilly no matter what, so hot days are the best for swimming so you can sun yourself on warm rocks when you hop out. That said, if I can kind of cheat by actually just maintaining my local Summer temps by counteracting global warming a bit, that'd be best.
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Sometimes. It's dependent on..something. I guess without overthinking it, probably..dependent on how stimulated I am. If something else has my attention, I'd probably just walk (but also would probably be thinking about how I'm not walking in the pattern I might otherwise want to on those tiles/stones/sidewalk squares/etc). I can be efficient and practical if I value whatever's necessitating that, like giving more energy to the conversation I'm having or being quicker about getting where we're going. I think the "we" is important psychoanalytical context and emphasis. I'm rarely trying to get anywhere quickly if I'm by myself.
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
I recycle everything I can, so it's dependent on the recycling center's rules. But in any other case, yes, if something's likely to end up in a dump, I cap it to prevent any animals sniffing around from getting stuck.
i really liked the dune game. i look forward to playing it again with more people and the better rules and stuff
Nice!! :oD I'll get my booty off to work so I can hopefully be back around if you guys play again later tonight
"Advanced" just means everyone gets more abilities, there's two spice cards per turn instead of one, and there's an eldritch system of needing spice in combat. It's all a bit too fast to really help analyze anybody's personality though, so it's kind of a failure on that front. Maybe the Diplomacy game will be better if we ever get to 7 players, but even that might be too fast at 48, 24, 24 hours per turn idk.
More players and perhaps a better way of communicating might help with the interpersonal dynamics, but it's hard to replicate an IRL table online, and actual negotiations would probably slow any game down to a level that nobody will be happy. 
That said, don't you owe me a jigsaw puzzle? I might not have won fair and square but I still won.
choams...
your an infj dude.
why did you pick out the song you did? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98H0Lk4Ai34&amp;list=PL2TedGVTF-dsUpZlI0MNrZZIV17k9oQMS [Embed]
btw if your in america dont recycle. they ship it all off to china on massive cargos to be burned on the el chinko.
but it's hard to replicate an IRL table online, and actual negotiations would probably slow any game down to a level that nobody will be happy.
its cool. we can just meat up at my place. its super comfy, got a fire place and every thing. sunday works yea?
That said, don't you owe me a jigsaw puzzle?
i wasnt gonna give it up unless you asked.
do you want a cyberpunk screenshot, impressionist painting, original photo, or told in stone screenshot?
Anything other than the cyberpunk screenshot will do. Sunday sounds good to me! 
PS, I went back and checked and I did ask if Rabban was a traitor with my truthtrance not Feyd so you didn't cheat after all.
good to know i killed my self for nothing.
your prize is you get to burn parliament 
https://puzzle.aggie.io/ArK_Y1
anonzzle is doing little to change my theory that all INFJs are assholes
In what way, I think he's cool!
anonzzle is cool
Fe fags are truly insane, how do you escape them?
what the fuck is a "fe" or a "soc"
ExFJs, types with a dominant extroverted feeling function.
Man I wish I didn't knew
No response
Just as I thought, keep your hands off my boyfriend!
want to play a video, purely for the background noise
would rather play one that's "agreeable" or neutral over one that's from a guy I dislike (because of his political opinions, even if the video isn't about politics)
What function would that be? Fi (I'm not sure a Fe user would care about what's the video in the background)?
(yeah I got this as a YouTube video suggestion and asked myself "could I type this?", pardon my autism)
phlegmatic-choleric people be like
How many INFP are really ESTP?
INFP
get confident every once in a while
let my inner ESTP come out
"everyone hated that"
your type?
who cares
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
i would rather the world be made of stone than deprive the earth of its sun
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
of course
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
no, they should be crushed for maximum trash can efficiency.
can anyone tell me why pasting from reddit is such a staple on this thread in particular? who is actually reading all this garbage?
close to the truth, but i would go a step further and say he's a clear ENFJ
your type?
INTJ
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
Summer less hot considering its 30-40C for 5 days straight + constant UV Index rating of 10-14
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Sometimes
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Nah because for recycling its in efficent, you have to dispose of them seperately as they are a completely different plastic
Pretty shit
Just INTJ nervosity
would you clean her room?
Call me Mr. Clean because I'm about to sanitise the whole fucking room making it possible to eat off the floor
Here's a question
your type
are you watching Fishtank
which team are you on?
For me I'm watching it and I'm on Team Jon the top J
Does anyone else not have a clue what "spring having less dirt" means? Is it well known that more dirt appears during springtime, and I've just never noticed? I can't think of any reason why dirt would appear more during spring than any other season.
It rains more and dirt washes up all over the streets.
I thought it was referring to snow melting in early spring causing lots of mud to be revealed.
Interesting. Where are you? I've never experienced that in the cities or suburbs of midwest America where I've always lived. All the streets are slanted into drains and there's never exposed patches of dirt anywhere (just grass or concrete), so streets are generally pretty clean after some rain.
ENFJ
https://voca.ro/1hrici7sqjdF
No one (origin-anal)? >>73131879
What function would that be?
Being a little bitch
Why the fuck did I ever thought I was an FJ? Cultish
A bit rude tb h
(but seriously, what function could it be? can you even type that?)
thats just being a normal person
Ah? I mean if it's just background noise, I shouldn't pick the "most agreeable one", since I don't even listen to it...
I thought maybe it said something
consciously or not the stuff they say still gets somewhat processed and your brain probably doesn't like processing the stuff it disagrees with
If I just find it "disgusting" to play it and find the idea of playing something I usually prefer more appealing...is it still untypable?
That's SUCH a capricorn thing to do
would a racist willingly play a video of niggers talking about ghetto shit and degeneracy, even just as background noise? probably not. again it's just being a normal person
eh, thanks mate
I shouldn't overthink it
it's a normal behavior because a racist would act the same way
u wot
what, you want another hypothetical that's basically the same anyway? okay, a non-racist would never play a video of a racist talking about how much he hates niggers for 5 hours, even as background noise. u happy now?
((not to enforce midwit stereotypes by being like but I'm not THAT stereotype))
((also would make more sense to say "...to display Fe is a bad thing" rather than "having Fe is a bad thing" but. this format because rushed in the first place so))
Where the Te vaginas at?
Light years out of your Ieague and you know it
Not falling for your crab shit.
INFJ-A: Severe NPD, CPTSD, sociopathy
Centaur: All mental disorders and then some
Sophie: Moderate NPD, severe BPD, sociopathy, depression, AvPD
Turbie: Depression, Split Personality Disorder 
Prince: Depression 
ENFJ-senpai: Depression, moderate bipolar
Homuanon: Depression with psychotic traits
Apollo: Depression, BPD
Prince's gf: None
INTJfemboi: None
Chuck: None
Sounds like a very unhealthy Fe-Si. I detest office politics, most of them rely on being as condescending as politely possible.
Sure, if she promises to keep it clean.
if you could choose between Spring having less dirt and Summer being less hot, what'd you pick?
The second option, always. 
when you're walking on tiles, do you adjust your step to the patterns and lines?
Yeah, when I'm bored!
do you put caps on empty bottles before throwing either out?
Nope!
Is good that you're honest, but you'll want to make sure you and him are on the same page regarding your commitment to each other. But if you want my honest thoughts, this whole situation seems like a time bomb.
is there truth to the claim that being INxP 4w5/5w4 is living life on hard mode?
thanks for putting up with my existential bullshit kek
sorry for dragging you into it
It's always a pleasure to help, chuck. I hope things work out for you!
Do you have an addictive personality? Post examples of your addiction or times you evaded common addictions.
I've never been interested in drugs. I was curious about happy brownies for some time, but I never got into it either. I drink occasionally, but it's not something I particularly need. I think there are better ways to spend my time.
At the risk of becoming addicted, would you use mind-altering drugs if you could use other cognitive functions skillfully while "high"? What if you could also talk to the dead?
It isn't truly a skill if you need drugs to do it correctly IMO. True skill takes effort and perseverance. Also, I don't want to disturb the dead.
Do you play by the rules? Or do you feel that "if you're not cheating, you're not trying"?
Cheating does have serious consequences depending on the situation, but if it's nothing too important, I don't care.
Also, I don't want to disturb the dead.
Maybe this is a living person-centric viewpoint. What if the dead enjoy being talked to?
None
that can't be true here
Nozzie said in the puzzle room that he hated the internet in relation to it blending his own culture with bizzare zoomer bullshit. And it got me thinking, for me to hate the internet I'd have to truly believe that I'd have become a great scientist if I didn't discover it when I was 14. But let's be real here, my stinky NEET older brother didn't need the web to drop out of school. I consider it a great blessing to be able to communicate with you guys and it really has broadened my horizons beyond my small town mindset I probably would have ended up with anyway, no matter how "promising" I was as a child.
me when I'm asked if I have any mental disorders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2PxxldX3Pk [Embed]
Yeah INTP sounds about right, I didn't know you weren't sure. My edgier take would be ESTJ, but that's needlessly upsetting and basically the same anyway.
