How do I buy weed without interacting with people? I have no friends/acquaintances and I'm too autistic to make any.
i want to know too especially shrooms
I'm lucky because I can buy those in the Netherlands in headshops. It's too expensive to go there every time I want a joint tho
2 years ago I used to go to some part of a city and just sit for 10 - 40 minutes until some guy on a bike passed by to ask me how much I wanted. It was pretty efficient but they got shot down by the police after the start of the lockdown.
A few months of soberty later I smelled some kids smoking that zaza next to some bus stop and asked them if I could buy the weed they had for two times the price they got it out of despair. They not only gave me some weed for free (how pathetic must it look for a 22 yo white european to get free weed from what appeared to be a 16-17 yo arab teen) and they also gave me a snapchat account for a guy that I meet behind a railway on the outskirt of the city.
It always go very fast, little wait and especially there's never uneeded speaking. I just tell him how much I want, he gives me a hour and we exchange the stuff in under one minute chrono.
dark net markets get tor browser and go to tor.taxi and read the dark net bible
...do they ship to brazil......
This. We live in a age where everyone can get whatever they want off internet if they aren't genuinely retarded.
Darknet vendors ship everywhere (usually) and even if certain vendors don't there will be some vendor who ships in your country. Buying domestically is usually the safest because the drugs don't have to go through customs. Then again not sure if that is something to worry about outside countries with one of the best customs in the world (like mine) though.
if you were to buy it domestically how would you do so assuming you have 0 friends
Buy domestically as in buy from a vendor that lives in and ships from the country you also live in. With darknet you pay with crypto, give them your encrypted address and they will ship you the drugs. Then you wait for them to arrive and when they do you release the payment from the escrow so the guy selling gets it. No social interaction needed and very simple.
alright ill try it thanks
darknet markets are by far the best way
