girl sent me nudes unprompted 
Is this what it feels like to be Chad?
I'm sure she did that to lots of other men as well
add girl from here
sends me 9231964 lewds
refuses to elaborate further
stops talking to me
what did she mean by this
Block her it is a trap and likely Chris hansen. If you were not already Chad this does not happen and something is amiss
I'm blessing this peon among many with my PRESENCE and BEAUTY
feel thankful and worthy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Maybe, but in that moment she did it to me. 
Idk but I love getting lewds from qt girls 
Thank you but she was def in her 20s, she had big milkers 
I did feel thankful though
That means nothing. When I was way younger my first and only gf from high school had huge tits from 13 onwards, and literally natural Ds at 15 and 16
Anyways, share said nudes?
I did feel thankful though
I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men I hate men
why do I have to be a part of this retard pile
I would probably block her or tell her not to do that again.
share said nudes
No 
Why? Wouldn't you want him to be happy you sent nudes? 
Cringe
Greedy fag oregano
Chads aren't real
once chatted with a girl on tinder, we exchanged snapchats and she sent me a bunch of nudes.
had no fucking idea what to do with that. being an awkward autist is hell.
I'm gonna look at them rn, sorry anon 
Surprisingly based take
Why? Wouldn't you want him to be happy you sent nudes?
I'm a guy I'm just saying I hate sharing the same spaces as you retarded low iq apebrained monkeymen
I am retarded, but you don't have to be smart to get lewds. You're probably too smart to be successful with women. 
Based, I think you're supposed to flirt and maybe send nudes back. I think the standard protocol is 
match on tinder 
exchange snaps 
sext 
meet irl for a fuckdate while watching whatever latest bullshit came out on netflix 
At least that's what I've gathered from what I've heard, I'm still a virgin
