what foods do you like?
Raw eggs are my favorite. I eat 5-10 every day
roasted potatoes, roast peppers, steak, caramelised onions. YUM!! i love cooking !!! :D
going out to get food, getting food delivered, groceries, cooking, EATING..... WAY too much effort normies cannot be serious
why bother with all that when you can drink 6 of these, 30 seconds per bottle, and be done with your calories for the day
You probably can't get enough nutrients from just that.
Anything that I can eat with minimal preparation. Sardines, raw fruit/vegetables, bread, steamable frozen vegetables if I'm feeling fancy. I hate being in hot, humid kitchens, so I don't cook.
hamburgah
There's something called fiber you foodcel
I like spaghetti carbonara :3
nothing i'm never eating again
I've been making these toasted turkey sandwiches with cream cheese and chik filet sauce. hold the cheese
Seafood is my favorite.
I really like fried chicken tendies. I make them with a spiced cornmeal breading instead of flour because it tastes better that way. And with sliced breast instead of tenderloins because it's cheaper that way. I like to dip them in mashed potatoes. I'm usually lazy and get the fake mashed potatoes that come in a box. They're really not that bad if you put a quarter stick of butter in them and a generous pour of whatever creole spice mix you like. Turnip greens or spinach are the perfect vegetable for it but if I feel fancy I will get frozen brussels sprouts and roast them. The trick to that is you have to squish them flat halfway through cooking. That way you don't have to cut them in half but they still crisp up a little.
I'm in love with rice. If you made me choose one food to eat my entire life it would be rice. There isn't a single way to prepare it that I don't like. Rice is peak.
you
i like you
really
I got really high today and ate a popyees chicken breast drenched in fake maple syurp and hot sauce. It was so good but I feel really fat now. I think it fits my daily calories though. Pic sort of related.
Most chicken dishes at Chinese restaurants. Pic related, General Tso's, chicken lo mein, etc. Indian as well. Can't go wrong with dipping garlic naan into a bowl of chicken tikka masala.
Sweet potatoes
Nuggets
Eggs
Eclairs
Duck with pineapple in red curry
a--are you me?
Hash browns, tater tots, and potato wedges.
oven roasted
do people use ovens anymore
sourdough bread
pimento cheese
pulled pork
street tacos, corn tortillas with lime juice
I usually just end up eating sandwiches because I'm a lazy faggot.
Honey mustard + horseradish sauce is pretty tasty though
pajeet cuisine
wop cuisine
boyfucker cuisine
warcrime denier chink cuisine
chink cuisine
beaner cuisine
vegan burritos. i could and have eat like a good 12 large burritos a day. im not joking
unfortunately im fasting right now, on day 4
Asian and Italian foods mostly. I like greasy, meaty, cheesy food, spicy food when Im in the mood
question
i think i had dried dates and they were kinda wet-sticky-syruppy with crusted sugar on them
better than chocolate
the fuck kind were they? pictures showing up looking dry
i love dates. the ones in the middle right go dummy hard
like STUPID hard
seriously, these things slap harder than a convicted wife beater
Pizza is good. But I try to eat healthy stuff.
whatever my mom cooks
None. I have an eating disorder
caramellized or candied dates look different from what i had
came in a plastic wrap in a small cardboard box
Spicy food. Wendy's spicy chicken nuggets are a favorite. I like milkshakes too.
Semen mixed with feces from an AIDS ridden asshole.
Is that an Indian dish? Sounds pretty Indian.
