What age should a guy give up on ever getting a girlfriend if he's never had one, and not by choice? I would say 24 or 25. I am turning 27 in July and am giving up.
I got my first irl gf this year and I'm in my 30s
What does giving up even mean in this case if you never had the chance?
It's just a way to have closure.
32, because it takes at most 3 years to court a woman into bearing your children.
The earlier the better, however. And obviously if you're that fucked up looks-wise, then it has been over since you were born.
How did you approach the subject and explain that you've never had a girlfriend?
Had my first serious relationship at 29. It's not a big deal as long as you're not insecure about it.
23. Your early adult life has shaped itself, attempts past this point are from an increasingly alienated and incompetent position. There are kids much, much younger than you who have managed it and you are highly unlikely to catch up.
If you asked me a year ago, I'd say give up. That was before I got my first relationship and intimacy etc etc, just 2 months from becoming a wizard.
I don't want to do any bloomer faggot shit, the game is rigged against you and it's fucking terrible finding someone to give you a chance. I'm just saying don't give up hope completely.
You guys would probably all get girlfriends if you stopped obsessing over not having a girlfriend and just lived life.
I'm a 33 year old alcoholic that lives with his parents. I have a job, though. Anyone wanna try to have an actual relationship with me? I can't fully kill my romantic desire that expresses itself in hopeful fantasy. I know it's pretty much hopeless, but I still want a longterm lover to dedicate myself to.
Friend this really isn't the place to look. All you're going to get are larping men, larping men(tranny), and legitimately terrible bpd attention whore women(extreme rare)
Gave up at 21. I've always had good foresight and every year that goes by my "theories" get proven correct (Not in regards to romance/KHHVdom, in general on many subjects of life)
Who is the cute anime girl in pic rel?
That's not terribly divergent from /r9k/ generally, but in my idiotically inebriated state, God grants me some level of brief optimism that I want to share with the robots that share my spirit. 
Anons who resonate: This world is a fucking horror without question, but I love you, and lots of people love you. You are not alone in this (literal) hell that a false God has foisted upon us. 
If you need to hear it, and you are here: I love you. I genuinely love you if you are reading this. You're my net-sibling who has found themselves here at this time for some reason, and I love you. Don't let those shit fucking normies grind your soul. Whenever in doubt: Fuck Normies.
if a girl agreed to be your gf if you stopped drinking would you do it
Where is the proper place to look then?
You're like autistic jesus.
I throw away your love, just like jesus', because I refuse to be loved in a world where a man has to be nailed to a cross to save others. Or where one has to be lonely for all of his life to understand others.
I will take this burden and bear misery too. Fuck your saving, that would mean there's "merit" to a world like this. Everyone should be miserable to truly understand it, and eventually we can all cease existing equally - not one for the other.
Yeah, probably; I never wanted to be such a heavy drinker and its honestly taking a toll on me and my family. I'd actually need, you know, an actual girlfriend that would help me through that, though. Your average female is going to be rightfully wary some of 33-year-old fuck in his mommy's house that can't stop getting terminally toasted, though.I'd love to find someone and dedicate myself to them, truly, but that just isn't likely. It hurts, but I can't blame anyone.
Everyone is already miserable, anon. We're both already on a cross, don't think my love is some indulgent forgiveness for you to hang your everything on. It's genuinely blasphemous and ridiculous (and vaguely insulting) for you to compare to me to Christ. I almost wish I was autistic, but my neural structure is apparently the opposite of the typical rainman. 
I love you anyway, but try to be a bit gentler. The hell we exist in is a comedy as much as it is a tragedy, I promise.
I got my first job, a d with it lost weight and got outside at 27, at 28 I had a gf that I am very happy with.
Age is not relevant, genes and circumstance is.
checked trips
not him but
i blew up on a girl when i was drunk and havent drank since.
I have actually never tried that hard. Think I will get /fit/ first.
i'm 25 and i'm also an alcoholic and a virgin. i have hairloss though so i booked my hair transplant in june (ive halted my hair loss with meds, i just need to fill up those empty spots) and hopefully i'll be confident/attractive enough to get a gf after that
If Christ existed as an entity, surely there can be miniature or similar aspects of christ in humans as well. After all, that was the point - to show that such an individual can exist. Who's to say there aren't others, or ever will be?
Pains me to hear someone say they love me. I'm incapable of reciprocating.
I agree on the fact that reality is as much of a comedy as it is tragedy. Have a good day/night, mini-christ.
Once again, we don't disagree. I see Christ as a primordial/archetypal figure that represents man's greatest natures at once, in opposition to God, to find some sort of union with "God". 
Nonetheless, I can never accept the idea that omnipotence would allow this sort of hellish fucking bullshit to exist for any reason whatsoever. If material is a form of training for the hereafter, a loving omnipotence would impart all necessary understanding without any of the suffering. Anything else is not ominpotence, or is sadism. 
This. Is.Literally. Hell. 
I do not mean that to be a vague metaphor or parallel. This is Hell. We are points of consciousness condemned for a period, communicating to each other, in Hell. Everything makes physical, biological, teleological, thematic and dramatic sense if you recognize this is Hell.I am in Hell. You are in Hell. 
I've reached that same thought process a few years ago but could never fully conclude on it until I've put a few things together. Namely, the crux of humanity's nature, the constant cycles of birth, death, and rebirth, etc. The material world really is hell, I agree. I can't recall which greek philosopher in particular (I don't read this shit honestly, just come to similar conclusions) made a flowchart of God's existance
ie; If he is all omnipotent, why give humans free will to see what they do? If he is all powerful, why create a flawed universe?
I believe Gnostics have the right idea, and it is an offshoot of christianity. Its a flawed God (More like devil) that created the material world and trapped some greater souls in here.
Either that or all chemicals reacting and something came out of nothing, dark matter bro.
In any case, a benevolent God is completely out of the question. This is hell.
Sleep tight though I liked this back and forth.
I don't remember when I gave up, or if I even really had hope at all.
I live independently and handle my own affairs but I have always been too mentally ill, almost so on the edge of being functional that I never had any sense or energy for how to attract someone else into my life.
I guess for a "normal" man the age to give up would be like 25, you've been around for 10-11 years after puberty I guess and if it hasn't happened, it probably won't.
for guys with mental illnesses that impair functioning like autism, adhd, depression, etc. I guess it doesn't really matter whether you "give up" or not, it's just not going to happen unless there is some fluke or miracle.
Any girl older than 22 is ugly. I hope you're not dating an old fat retard.
Completely agreed, anon. I wish you luck and love through this hideous set of circumstances.
I got my first gf at 35 with a 33yo. Had a FWB before that. There's no fantasy or romance, just a room mate I have sex with. Women don't make very good friends and most things you've heard are a lie.
Only thing that isn't a lie is being able to fuck pussy for like an hour straight and cum in it every day.
I love Fauna.
Yeah but what would you do differently.
I'm 25 and haven't given up, if oyu have you're a massive faggot. We can make it bros
This is probably it. If you get to early 20s and haven't even gone out on a date with a girl then the dating world would be alien to you
