mfw phimosis
Physically could not get laid if I wanted to without immense pain.
literally just jack off. your foreskin will stretch if you practice pulling it back daily.
Tfw balanitis causing phimosis
Antibiotic cream not working
Struggle to retract skin when flaccid
It's not so simple
Pull your foreskin back and dip it in a cup of water and leave it there to take the sensitivity away
A surgery will fix it (not circumcision) I had phimosis but its all fixed now. If you are lucky you will have a hot female surgeon touch your pp like me.
*Like I did
I had phimosis but managed to stretch my foreskin throughout adolescence. It was a slow process, but steady and permanent. I started doing it flaccid because I didn't really masturbate, and finished stretching it to a normal state after I started masturbating a lot, which I think helped because that final stretch (no pun intended) to have it really comfortable really has to be done with it fully erect, I think. That said, I still feel some discomfort after long periods with my foreskin completely pulled back while I'm fully erect, specially if it's pulsing or there's friction, and I'm afraid one day my frenulum might snap because it's pretty stretched when I'm like that, but other than that it's fine. But yeah, it took a pretty long time giving it a stretch pretty much every day whenever I went to the bathroom to take a piss, and then being more and more daring whenever I was masturbating later on, but it did work.
this is why moids should be cut at birth before things like this become an issue
Can we switch? I rather have phimosis than be circumcised like I am right now.
What surgery did you have?
I don't remember but they cut my frenulum and stitched it back on in a slightly different spot. I would suggest you go see a doctor but don't get circumcised unless you want to become an honorary American.
I mean its still a little tight but it isn't an issue anymore. Don't be afraid of finding help for your problem my dad also had the same issue as me. Its more common than you think.
Sorry to tell you but I was circumcised as a newborn infant unfortunately. I wish I was uncircumcised but life isn't fair.
I don't remember but they cut my frenulum and stitched it back on in a slightly different spot.
That's probably because of frenulum breve. Did you notice any difference in pleasure, sensitivity and sensation after your surgery?
Your father had it too probably because it's genetic and inherited. If you have sons it will likely be passed down and they will have the same issue.
By the way those lewd Aqua pics are nice. Thanks for posting them anon. Also you're lucky you had a hot female surgeon touch you. Must've been great.
That's probably because of frenulum breve. Did you notice any difference in pleasure, sensitivity and sensation after your surgery?
Not really except that the pain was gone. Also yes I most likely had frenulum breve since my phimosis slowly went away when pulling back my foreskin didn't hurt as much anymore. I lived in Germany for a few years when I was a kid and a doctor wanted to circumcise me there but my mom didn't let him so im really grateful to her.
Only 1% of people have phimosis by 16 years old
lmao talk about unlucky
It would have been more fun if she didn't inject anesthetic directly into the head of my penis with a huge syringe and if I hadn't been scared shitless. The surgery was also scheduled on my birthday so I guess god decided to compensate my suffering with having the surgeon be hot. But in the end it wasn't too bad.
Your mom is a good mother. It's great that you are grateful and cherish her. I am unlucky and was circumcised just one week after I was born. They completely removed my frenulum too. Now my glans is keratinised and calloused, while my urethra meatus is narrow and small. If you ever have any sons don't circumcise them no matter what any doctor tells you.
God decided to smile on you on your birthday I guess. Glad the surgery went well for you in the end.
