I am so fucking done, it's impossible. Every girl I run into simps for trannies and took the quadruple death jab except this 45 year old GILF from my job. I have no trouble pulling women, but they're all so FUCKING stupid and brainwashed it's fucking pointless. Only the 18-22 ones seem to have any handle on reality. Especially foreign. When I was waiting for my sister to get out of class some arab chick walks up to me like "aren't you a little OLD to be hanging around a college campus?" and when i explained i was just picking up my little sister, she started chatting me up about how no one has any family values or supports each other in amerika the way they do where she's from, and it ended up being a nice convo and we exchanged numbers. she knows the election was a fraud, she knows the plandemic was a fake, she hates niggers and trannies doesn't buy into any of this bullshit, but still naively has hope for some kind of revolution or uprising in ameriKKKa. i think my only option is to go leave the country. most geomaxxing suggestions are for SEA but i was thinking eastern europe or balkans. i just can't really imagine raising a family in this decayed fucking shithole of an ex-first-world country anyway. So even when you do find a decent girl it's like, well, what now, i doubt she's gonna wanna leave everything she's ever known to go live in Minsc while I work my bullshit remote job. any /adv/ anons? or am i just blackpilled beyond belief? this isn't supposed to be a /pol/ thread it's a realistic thread so obviously it has some /pol/ ideas but this isnt really meant to be political
even if you disagree with what i said let's just agree to disagree and use the common ground of america is a sinking empire, getting worse every month, every year, and IMHO is unfixable no matter who is in office (i'm not a trump OR biden supporter)
pic semi-related, it's not the girl i was talking to at the campus but she looks kinda like her (she said she was half-persian half-spanish)
I'd say you have two options, lay all your cards on the table with this girl or a potential relationship dies, and you go on wondering "What if" four years down the line.
GILF pic?
