Like picrel. How do y'all get so big? Especially females?
Shitty diet, no exercise, short-term pleasure is prioritized over long-term health and happiness.
Ironically, none of those fat cows would date me (the Asian might), even though I'm a 7/10 overall. Fit, tall, handsome, intelligent and wealthy. I just don't put up with bullshit.
What would their diet look like you think?
The Architects have struck again
Uber eats/grub hub and fuck loads of star bucks
Fast food, frozen foods, drinks loaded with sugar and alcohol. None of them probably cook fresh foods ever. They probably rarely eat fruits, or vegetables.
I really wonder how much sugar they consume.
Sugar is in EVERYTHING in the United States.
Like everyday? You will feel like shit then? How do they cope?
Probably, they'll have health issues down the road like diabetes and shit. They cope by pretending being fat is hot and healthy.
I miss what women looked like in the 80's...
fuck loads of star bucks
Can confirm am chubby and get Starbucks daily
I do eat a lot of fruit and vegetables though, I eat very healthy actually just drink tons of soda and coffee
How much soda do you drink?
alcohol. these thots drink white claws like water. if these hoes would cut out the soda and alcohol they would be stick thin.
Around 2 cans of coke a day. I only sleep around 3 hours a day, so I need a lot of caffeine (and amphetamines) to keep going.
Should add though, I do not consume alcohol in any capacity, if that helps distinguish.
antidepressants. ssris and benzos, also alcohol. even the copes make you feel worse.
Yep checks out, soda and star bucks are such an easy way to drink calories it's not even funny.
What do you think these girls order?
a sandwhich they take one bite of and 2 albsolutely sugary disgusting drinks that combine to 800 calories.
I don't get star bucks so I don't know the drinks. But I'd assume something with flavoring syrup, some cream/whipped cream
Yeah my diet is super fucked up, I did some calculations and it turns out I only eat around 800-1000 calories a day. The rest is all drinking coffee and soda, hence being slightly overweight. I'm at like a 26 BMI I think, so only one point overweight but still overweight nonetheless.
What do you think these girls order?
I get the medium size caramel macchiato in the morning, on rare occasions one of those fruit refresher things. That gives me my morning caffeine + amphetamines 
Then around 4 pm I start to feel like death itself so I take a 30 minute "nap" (you can't actually fall asleep while amphetamines are in effect), drink a coke around 7, then around midnight I get tired again and drink another coke, sometimes more. Rinse and repeat
amphetamines
well that just explained all of your problems. its no wonder you feel like shit youre one chemical off of meth. youre never going to come off of it and i guarentee you were prescribed as a kid. have fun being bound to the medical jew through stims, benzos and ssris.
All the ones online are that I've spoken to. They have that ready to flub look.
I was prescribed it at 17 so technically not a kid. I initially used it for grades
That being said I would never do SSRIs or anything brain-destroying like that. Amphetamines don't change who you are as a person like SSRIs and benzos do, they're more like a mega enhanced shot of caffeine that makes you productive and alert (and sleepless)
youre never going to come off of it
I don't want to, it's literally life changing in a good way. I have done so much I never would have been able to do without it
I never understood the SSRIs change who you are. I'm literally on sertraline and all they do is balance my mood out
Amphetamines don't change who you are as a person like SSRIs and benzos do,
I was prescribed it at 17 so technically not a kid
Damn dude youre very misinformed. Read up about what youre taking. 
I don't want to, it's literally life changing in a good way. I have done so much I never would have been able to do without it
HOLY FUCKING DELUSION
I'm just basing that on observation of a friend who started them. You probably don't realize how much it has changed you to those around you
full point up in gpa 
went from average standard testing scores to literally a perfect ACT and near-perfect SAT
consequently got into university my previous grades were far too low for, now have good paying stable job bc that uni was on my resume 
stopped mindlessly scrolling all day and started doing things, learned how to cook, play piano, and code, built a garden, all of which my previous attention span could literally never
Yes, it was good and I'm glad.
Fair enough. I just wonder how much is a person "changing" and how much is the medication actually working. Like I said it balances my mood and I feel pretty mellow. But my core as a person hasn't really changed to my knowledge. I don't think my friends have noticed major changes either
like 95% of the foods americans have to eat is processed, and like 99% of parents feed their children processed foods.
Corn syrup in literally everything. Outrageous portion sizes at every restaurant condition us Americans to eat far more in a single serving than any average person should. Also once we turn 18 most people stop participating in the various systems that force us to exercise.
even though I'm a 7/10 overall. Fit, tall, handsome, intelligent and wealthy. I just don't put up with bullshit.
Sure Anon, sure.
Surely not everything?
