Daily reminder that you'll never be her first choice and unless women act like this with you it's genuinely over and you won't experience true love in your lifetime
there's no such thing as a woman who's not looking for hook ups there are just men that are not worthy of hook ups
also if she says she doesn't want a relationship rn it means she doesn't want a relationship with you
But I don't want to recieve or provide this kind of love...
you're not supposed to tell them you're looking for casual sex lmao you're supposed to "date" them until they put out then ghost them.
unless you're in the top 10% of lust provoking Chads it's ogre 
So tired of these posts, it's the same shit everytime. Just stfu
it's true though
if you have to try for anything in your life normies can smell it
why do you think "tryhard" is an insult
unless you're in the top 10% of lust provoking Chads it's ogre
fuck you chad
he doesn't know normies secretly tryhard 
You think that Chad doctor didn't grind his balls off to get where he is? You don't think that smooth talking Chad isn't extremely socially aware and consciously saying all the right things?
shutup rancid retarded turdwhore moron
blah blah blah
nope chad is a tall handsome faced man. most doctors are uggos asians and indians and nerdy white guys
stop coping and simpcucking retard, just be a reasonable person and try to be honest and have dignity instead of being a rancid turdwhore toilet water insect cockroach.
Whatever man, I'm over trying to help you retards. You glowies have done a great job of fucking up this board btw, fuck you and thank you
I have more suifuel for you from my OKC and Tinder days. I'm a tall unemployed pretty boy but I've fucked married women from there. Had a 41 year old milf who slept with me while her husband was dealing with cancer. I found out after we started an affair and I just had to cut her off. Had a girl who was married to her hs sweetheart fuck me in my car. I can go on and on
Just keep in mind, I'm some random nobody who is addicted to league who just happens to have a pretty face lol
Local retarded nigger still thinks you can work to become chad. 
Kill yourself. You cant work to make yourself taller or rearrange your face
I found out recently that the vtuber I was simping has been going out with a Chad for the past 4-5 years and she ditches streaming to spend time with him very often. She probably had his cum in her womb multiple times when she streamed and laughed at my chat jokes. I've been simping her for almost 3 years now.
Tomorrow I'm going for a test run with meds that my mother left behind when she passed away, if they have the effects I hope then I will take the way out. I wonder what the beginners hometown looks like in my future isekai world.
nah you're just being a malding seething dishonest turdwhore moron insect retard. touch grass retard.
a female model asks you for sex but you turn her down because muh principles
Yeah that's never going to happen, and expecting women to do the same is dumb. There's plenty of blackpills out there and you picked a fallacious one to post
no, he's a narcissist. he loves hearing himself talk and if he got good at entertaining people it either came from the constant attention he got from his good looks or from trying to cope with the crippling sense of inadequacy that he buried. all this happened in his childhood. he's not a neurotic who read redpill self help books and approached 1000 women in a month in order to learn some secret technique. but what book are you selling btw?
yeah women are fairly monstrous. blackpills are necessary to keep my guard up, thanks for sharing.
you're going to kill yourself over some dumb slut streamer?
Just don't get attached to any. Fuck and have fun but never forget the blackpill
She's not a slut, she's just a normal woman who took advantage of my stupidity. She was everything to me, she motivated me to do things and work hard but now that I know she was lying this whole time I don't feel like I can go on anymore.
she's just a normal woman who took advantage of my stupidity.
thats what a slut is. just find another one they're a dime a dozen.
You're a idiot, unironically.
Thank God I already switched some nudes, it's nice to see where your goin before getting in it
simping for an e whore
Man I just dont get it. That bitch is the least of your problems bro
you sound a lot like my father, lol.
least of your problems
She is indeed that's why I needed her 3 years ago and I believed her lies. Now that she can't fill the void anymore I'm just back to the start and more miserable than ever before.
believed her lies
What lies?
there's no such thing as a woman who's not looking for hook ups there are just men that are not worthy of hook ups
this is what most people fail to understand
Chad here, I have sex regularly so I can attest that 99% of what incels say is true, but you should still keep it to yourself anyway because its not our problem and I will send everyone of you to concentration camps to be gassed before giving up this lifestyle.
Fukc u got mines
The only winners in the modern system are women and attractive men. Average and below men live lives worse than serfs, at least serfs got laid, and had more days off than the modern cagey wagey.
She said she was a recluse, shy, socially anxious, with a weak health and nobody besides her parents ever saw her naked. She said she was an idol and even singed idol songs to her fans, she even said she loved them. This is just the surface of the lies that were found out, she often canceled streams without reason, she actually canceled to meet her boyfriend and left everybody hanging waiting for nothing. These days she's so detached from streaming that she doesn't even bother to communicate when she is going to stream anymore, she does it just when she feels it and only 1-2 times a week if even, she often disappears for weeks with shitty excuses and without warnings. I'm sick of it all, she was really the only girl I truly loved, I even got my last job just so I could simp her but then she took 2 months break and I got depressed, lost my job too because my performance dropped and I did mistakes. I was the top of the work group when I started working a year ago, not I'm back to being a broke neet.
Name her before you go.
shut up chad!
https://i.4cdn.org/wsg/1682538596714818.webm
When you read articles on the reasons women cheat, the assumption is women are looking for deep connections, support, devotion, or some other blue-pilled crap. The reality is they're horny and want to fuck a guy that's more attractive than their current partner. Women are incredibly simple once you realize they have a dual-mating strategy. They're not complicated at all.
While studies suggest that men who cheat are primarily motivated by sex, women who cheat tend to do so to fill an emotional need.3 And in the case of an emotional affair, sex isn't part of the equation at all. Whether the affair is physical or emotional in nature, a woman may cheat because they crave conversation, empathy, respect, devotion, adoration, support, or some other connection that's lacking in their current relationship.
Had a 41 year old milf who slept with me while her husband was dealing with cancer.
Had a girl who was married to her hs sweetheart fuck me in my car. I can go on and on
Did they try to rationalize what they were doing?
You're laughing now but this is exactly how we'll be tracking down incels before shoving them in the ovens.
So you were manipulated by the most toxic whore imaginable, who literally never cared about you at all. Why do this to yourself? Why not be alone instead? It doesnt even sound like a satisfying relationship to begin with.
Anyone else remember DUN DUN?
I think that happened before this faggot board even existed
I had a silly dream that maybe she would've taken a liking to me some day if I made funny messages and devoted myself to her, I truly believed I had a chance to even become her friend and not just another number in her fanbase but she never accepted my friend requests on steam and continued pretending to be the kind of girl she made me believe she was, she read my messages a lot of times, if you know how youtube streaming works you'd know about super chats and stickers, she noticed me and talked to me even when I was just chatting normally, she acknowledged my existence and love for her to a certain small extent but it was all for nothing, as you say she never really cared but I wanted to believe, and I believed until I found out the truth she so badly tried to cover up.
I've to confirm that the meds will work first, but it's really, really easy to guess.
