Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
Hello hello 
How are you doing today?
Any plans for today?
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Why did you hurt yourself?
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Hope all of you are doing well
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm alternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid for post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
dbt (diaIecticaI behavioral therapy)
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
endh bump zueb
hey, guys. feeling kinda sluggish today, so i'll take it slow. how's wednesday treating you?
hi hi 
feeling kinda sluggish today, so i'll take it slow
no problem
how's wednesday treating you?
It's been good but it could've been better
I planned to drive up to a bike shop and bleed my brakes but ultimately I didn't do that
Other than that I've just been sitting at home and trying to keep myself entertained
hi hi
I planned to drive up to a bike shop and bleed my brakes but ultimately I didn't do that
i often make up plans for stuff i really wanna do, but don't go through with them in the end. just don't have the energy a lot of the time. if i really want to do something, i have to get other people involved, so i don't have a choice. :/
Other than that I've just been sitting at home and trying to keep myself entertained
what are you doing? still minecrafting around?
How are you doing today?
im ok :)
Any plans for today?
other than beat saber, not really.
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
sadly, it was about an hour ago
Why did you hurt yourself?
im living in that "golden child" trope where my parents love my brother more than me. sounds stilly and stupid but it really fuckin hurts
Is there anything bothering you right now?
other than my room being hot (computer), nope
if i really want to do something, i have to get other people involved, so i don't have a choice
for me this sounds pretty bad but that's because I can't really be forced to do stuff, if I can't force myself nobody can
what are you doing? still minecrafting around?
nah, I'm not feeling like craftmining today, I'm watching videos form a guy called Charborg, his videos and streams are usually very fun 
How are you spending your slow day?
sorry to hear that anon, hope you patched yourself up well and that you find better ways of dealing with your problems
Have fun playing beat saber
im living in that "golden child" trope where my parents love my brother more than me. sounds stilly and stupid but it really fuckin hurts
i think my brother went through something similar, though it wasn't really favoritism, but abandonment issues, since out family was a bit distant and uncaring at the time. have you ever told your family how you feel?
for me this sounds pretty bad
i won't pretend that it isn't. i don't really get what's wrong with me either. sometimes i feel like i'm missing something. i see that other people want something and take action to get what they want, but for some reason, i just can't. i don't want much to begin with and the thing i want just seems forever out of reach, so i don't see why i should even bother to try. 
if I can't force myself nobody can
don't say that. i remember our deal. that worked. ^^
I'm watching videos form a guy called Charborg
can you tell me which one in particular? i'll check it out.
How are you spending your slow day?
warchting streams. doing laundry. listening to some rps on youtube. drinking some matcha that'll make it really hard to fall asleep later. the usual.
i won't pretend that it isn't
don't feel bed becouse of it, what works for you works for you
i see that other people want something and take action to get what they want, but for some reason, i just can't
I'm kinda like this too but mostly when it comes to college or work, I don't have any ambitions, I don't want a degree or a career, for me free time and doing whatever I want (which most of the time means nothing) is more important than money or status
 i remember our deal. that worked. ^^
I guess you're right maybe I'm wrong or maybe that was an exception to the rule 
Either way, most people can't make me do stuff so you're special 
can you tell me which one in particular?
I think these ones are hilarious 
https://youtu.be/hLJy1IBNfHs [Embed]
https://youtu.be/K1Vuigsl5So [Embed] 
he also has a second channel that he uploads more frequently to
Do you have any creator you want to recommend?
thread theme
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2c32cXvz5GduAEEVtGc7sr
I was typing this in the last thread as it was archived, so I saved the post in a notepad.
what's their names?
The left is Ruger, the middle is Winnie, short for Winchester, and the right is Remy, short for Remington. My mother wanted to name them after firearm companies. 
they look very well behaved. i'm not very knowledgeable when it comes to dogbreeds. what kind of personality do they have?
My mother does well at disciplining them healthily. Terriers are generally high energy and high maintenance. They need ample time outdoors every day to run about, or they wrestle on all of the furniture. Ruger, the left dog, is very mellow for a terrier, as he is a lap dog. He always wants to lick your ears, for some reason. Even when we let him outside, he just sniffs around calmly. Winnie and Remy, on the other hand, are a lot more active. They run really bloody fast, and fetch quite well. They are all well-mannered dogs, and bring a lot of life to the household. Thank you for asking, I enjoy talking about these silly dogs (:
Hello Catbro and Yuanon, I hope you both are doing well.
Feeling kinda sluggish today
That's okay, Yuanon, you've put a lot of effort into these threads, so I think a slower day is deserved for you. Hope you are doing well.
I've just been sitting at home and trying to keep myself entertained
No shame in that. Before university, that was what most of my days consisted of. Hope it has been an alright time.
Finals week coming up, doing all of the work I need to get wrapped up with. Keeping busy, which is good. Still excited for Summer. I wish the best of health to all of you, as always.
Hello sludge 
I'll contribute some music too
https://youtu.be/C7qddE7eWjo [Embed]
btw how're you feeling today?
Hello prog 
Hello Catbro and Yuanon, I hope you both are doing well.
same to you friend ^^ 
Finals week coming up
I had my first finals 2 months ago and it was a bit of a struggle
Hope yours aren't like this, good luck 
Still excited for Summer
same, although I think every season has its pros and cons, I dislike sleeping in summer because it's just too hot for me
especially because I like to wrap myself up in a thick blanket 
I wish the best of health to all of you, as always.
same time you bud, once again good luck with your finals
don't feel bed becouse of it, what works for you works for you
it what i have to do, i guess. 
I don't have any ambitions, I don't want a degree or a career, for me free time and doing whatever I want (which most of the time means nothing) is more important than money or status
i'm the same. word for word.
I guess you're right maybe I'm wrong or maybe that was an exception to the rule 
well, i don't think you are wrong. in the end you did what you did because you wanted to. it just helped me to know you were out there. 
Either way, most people can't make me do stuff so you're special
you're a good friend and i want to be there for you. i want to be someone you can rely on. because of you i want to be better. that's not how i usually feel or think, so, yeah, you're special too. 
I think these ones are hilarious
i'll give them a go then. followed him on twitch. when does he stream?
Do you have any creator you want to recommend?
hmm. i'm not really subscribed to a lot of creators any more and most are... special interest at this point. maye epicnamebro? he doesn't stream that often anymore because he'd developing his own game, but he's a really upstanding guy with a good head on his shoulders. i love it when he talks about his experiences raising his daughter. he does a lot of souls-like- and retro-games. oh, maybe check out voxis productions on youtube.
hey, sludge. 
forgot to ask you: when it comes to 40k, whose lore videos do you watch and do you have a favorite faction? and how was your day?
hi, prog.
Thank you for asking, I enjoy talking about these silly dogs (:
if you have some stories to share, go ahead. i would be happy to hear more about them. 
you've put a lot of effort into these threads, so I think a slower day is deserved for you. Hope you are doing well.
thanks. i don't even see it that way, because i just really want to be here with you all, but you aren't wrong, i guess.
you seem to be on a good path, lately. hope you can keep it up.
Daily reminder it's down the road not across the street you failures of both life and death.
ughh right now I'm to sleepy to formulate propper asnwers to you sorry 
btw waht prog said is true
Yuanon, you've put a lot of effort into these threads
and I want to let you know that we all appreciate you 
for now, goodnight everybody, I love youu
good night. don't forget your stretches in the morning. (^-^)
have you ever told your family how you feel?
sorry for taking so long to reply, but it hasnt gone well in the past. mostly ends in them ridiculing me blah blah blah "you havent had it hard" and such. the only positive thing is that my mom is somewhat trying to be better.
