oneitis got fucked, aka defiled and spoiled by a nigger (another white man). how do i suppress my thirst for murder?
tell us the story anon, fuel your rage.
Tells us the story behind your rage faggot
there's no story. the girl i knew since childhood and was head over heels for throughout hs (now year past graduation) met someone at her part time job apparently, got flirted with and decided after some dates that he is the one. the one to die, that is, because i will be disposing of him in a trash bag after i study his travel routes check mate him.
not even gonna address most of that, but did you ever tell the girl or did you just choose to suffer in silence?
my oneitis was literally laughing and joking around with a nigger (actual one) today and trust me i'm dealing with the same thing right now
no. we were part of a small friendgroup that is now kaisan desu. knew her since she was a small braces wearing apes. she always gave mixed signals and thinks unpredictably. if i sperged it, she would have questioned all the nice things i've done all these years and the air would become unbreathable. thought, i'll leave it for now and wait some years, living alone &amp; uni, focus on myself. inb4 she decides to focus on nigger cock (again, no black people in my country but befitting slur) instead. our plans were not matching. she is sucking and fucking as we speak.
if you're in highschool, you're not dealing with the same thing, but if you take the don't-talk-to-her pill, all i will say to you nigger (white bro), is that you will regret it and will not forget her. now any girl that asks for my instagram (have deleted it) or speaks with excitement to me only brings disgust. i think to myself that if i'm a worthless ant to my oneitis but a god to these women, then these women in comparison to her should be skinned alive and gassed. no matter what i do she is dwelling in my brain 24/7. i have an active life and it doesn't help with putting her to the side. if anything it baits my brain into making her the center of my existence and drive. 
it's a no-escape road. if i try to persuade myself she is not worth it, then that makes me an inbred autist for seeing her as special in the first place. my judgement can't have been flawed, therefore she is a deity heavensent for me to examine.
I will call you an attention seeking whore you retarded namefag
writing blogposts for some hole
Lol, lmao even
I don't know what the fuck to talk with her about i'm not good with socializing with girls i think are pretty
i fear we are not the same breed. a blogpost to me is sec of typing. go back to /nmfg/ - normalfag
yeye w.e matter of fact don't even speak to her. go do your "algebra" hw you disgusting mcdonalds stuffed american faggot.
So basically you have an obsession and a sense of ownership over some whore that you never actually told you liked because you were too much of a beta so you're going to murder some guy who's never met you because he decided to date a random girl at his work? Then your hole will go on to live a long happy life fucking random people while telling everyone that you were a creepy weird faggot and she always got those vibes from you. Epic logic!
i can't even reply to this because you're spot on. what would the optimal play be from your objective perspective?
it's a no-escape road. if i try to persuade myself she is not worth it, then that makes me an inbred autist for seeing her as special in the first place. my judgement can't have been flawed, therefore she is a deity heavensent for me to examine.
You are ALREADY an inbred autist, and literally anyone you told this story to would agree. You have delusions of grandeur when really you're just retardedly obsessed because you're young and you fixated on this girl from a young age. Your mind is inflexible because if you admit that she's just another bitch you'll realize that all the thought and effort you committed was wasted, but the reality is it's already wasted. You're like a man that put a thousand quarters into a slot machine and never wins and then they remove that slot machine from the floor so he kills himself to validate the fact that that was his winning slot machine.
The actual optimal play is to realize that no one but you cares about this match with her or this emotion of revenge and it's all in your head which you have absolute control over so you're best off just forgetting about her and living your life. If you can't do that and want an optimal play for revenge, you could either try to get her to fall in love with you or you could just kill her along with the guy. Either way, I doubt it will help anything, make you feel better, or even make her regret anything.
if you're not willing to kill for her you didn't really love her and you never deserved her
It's not really 'for her' if she didn't ask for it or want it, is it? He'll just be replaced in a week anyway.
I AM LOSING MY FUCKING MIND FUCK YOU AND DIE KILL YOURSELF ALREADY YOU FUCKING CUNT
appreciate the honesty. i should block her without final words.
plus one on this one but it rarely flies with current legislation.
feeling like a man of ethics for not raping. is it weird?
feeling like a man of ethics for not raping.
only in 4chan are niggers this retarded
I'm not saying this to be mean, I genuinely mean it. You are retarded and pathetic. You didn't even tell this woman that you were interested in her and now you're going to cry that she had sex with someone else? It sounds like from what you're saying that you've known her and been into her for for months or years and yet you never asked her out. What did you expect? If you think she's cute then chances are other people do to, it's your fault for not taking the opportunity when you could.
The whole concept of a oneitis is for low IQ retards anyway. I highly doubt this woman is anything special, she's probably nothing special but because she was friendly with you you became infatuated and obsessed with her. 
You shouldn't be this attached to a woman you aren't even in a relationship with, you're probably a bpd faggot. The only woman worth going to jail for murder for is a woman you're actually married to and you're not married, she's not even your girlfriend. You're being a histrionic little fag, she probably doesn't even care that much about the guy she fucked.
I can't imagine being this mad about someone fucking a woman I have no sexual or romantic relationship with. I'd bet money you have BPD.
you have been cruelly robbed of your love, anon. i'm not saying you should murder anyone, but something must be done about this
