For me? It's Jane's pub style chicken nuggets with honey mustard and iced tea
Jannies Tendies
if they look anything like the box they look good. i like them crispy. can never go wrong with honey mustard
I could do with a fat box of nuggies right now. The amount of normienigger posting lately is just too much.
KFC popcorn chicken is good
Sounds like a very pleasany arrangement.
11/10 would dine with OP.
I am particular to twinings earl grey, homemade chicken tendies, and then i make the honey mustard from local mesquite honey and french's yellow mustard.
I have accepted i will never have a woman cook for me, so i started learning to cook meals that i like for myself.
for me, its yves chickn nuggies, because im a vegan and not a animal killer, because i take animal ethics seriously and i think causing animal suffering for your taste pleasure is shameless and immoral
since i feel so disgusted with myself when i act like a hypocrite, im vegan
Have you ever had parmesan chips.
I think if i ever went vegan i would b eating lots of peas carrots, parmesan chips and dried fruit with coffee.
nice to know ck anon is still trawling R9K.
This anon is actually completely correct about animal ethics, but I feel too fucking weak to abide. We all deserve to be here in hell, honestly. I can't take human suffering seriously while we torment innocent animals for protein. People whimper and cry about dead children but gleefully chow down on their fellow mammals. 
This is hell. I'm absolutely certain that this plane is genuinely "hell" as described by so many mystic traditions. How else could you justify and explain, in moral terms, a reality that requires your existence be fueled by the pain and suffering of other living creatures? No loving God would ever design such a hideous set of circumstances.
You DO realize that majority of the worlds population eat meat right? Vegans are a tiny minority, you can also fuck off with that holier than thou attitude because regardless of whether or not you choose to eat meat or not, shaming people won't do shit about the fact that most people choose to eat it
Industrialization hurts animals as much as it hurt people.
I still eat meat, but i would consider adjusting my diet for specific reasons.
Yeah, I know. We all know
the answer is becoming a cattle rancher or a pig farmer to cut out the middle man and the cruelty in 1 step
That is basically my end goal.
I think i would even be satisfied only eating duck eggs and goat milk + whatever grains and fruit i can grow.
I have no motivation to work towards any goals anyway.
I will continue to buy overpriced murder meat and eat it without the slightest feeling against it.
I'm suffering this life, so why should i care if some animal lived in a cage eating gruel until it was killed for me to eat?
Purdue nuggets are the best nuggets I have ever eaten from anywhere. They're a tad pricey but if you buy them in bulk it's not so bad.
