Have sissies actually experienced an increase in quality of life after you give into it and get fucked by men. Or are you more suicidal than ever?
Twink death will eat away your soul.
old fags still get sex
Well most people resorting to "sissy shit" aren't into this to get their holes blown out by some old dude but because they have fetish for being cute or girly.
I wish i was a male who could take it in the ass and have a cute dick in a cage grgghhz
YWNBAM
originally
This, I honestly wonder what will happen to sissies who went far down that rabbithole once they turn 40+. I suspect it won't end well
I seriously doubt that any dude who takes dick up his asshole is capable of feeling any sort of pride in himself.
YWNBAM
I know
submitting to a man is part of being girly
just go back to being alone
once they turn 40+
lol
kek
lmao
Poor Fujo. Just get a bi BF or something. He'll entertain your fantasies, likely.
Assuming i can just get a bf
Also, ill never have a dick. Its over
Millions of troons seethe that they'll never be women or have vaginas and here you are seething you'll never have a dick. So many people want to be something they're not. Just accept what you are.
What did wyte people mean by this?
Eh, you may be able to get a dick in the future with advances in regenerative medicine. Don't expect things like fertile semen or anything -- but that wouldn't be a problem for you, I assume. Also, you likely could get a BF. Plenty of bi guys are actually looked down on by non-fujo women and viewed as gross.
I wish I could have been a cute cock sleeve
I wish I was born later so I could be in the prime era for it
pretty cute, sauce?
It's literally in the webm though, anon.
ive never been suicidal or depressed about it 
i kinda only care about my proffessional life and my sex life is like whatever
getting fucked was hot but it doesnt affect me mentally at all 
my mental state is only affected by how successful/unsuccessful i am and by how shitty people i interact with are
Ex-sissy here. Hitting 30 fucked me up. Left university and became an office wagecuck and put on weight due to sitting on my ass for 9 hours a day. 
I basically had to give up with men since I wasn't cute anymore and went back to wanting women. Thank god I'm bi.
sounds like you just got fat and lazy more than anything.
A little bit of both. But my body has changed a lot since I was 16. Back then it was really slim and my shoulders were tiny. Now I feel like all the test of growing up has made me broad shouldered and more 'thicc'. You definitely wont look the same as you did when you were 16 at 30
should have gone on HRT when you were still a teen, then
I want the source plssss
Does he have a coomer?
Why guys become sissies? Is it a self image issue?
you can still fuck you just want to go be a hairy piggy
porn+lonliness=warped sexuality
There can be a variety of reasons such as porn addiction, a humiliation/degradation fetish, extreme submission, autogynephilia, narcissism, lack of pussy etc.
It's in the video dummy
I'm over 40 (still a butt virgin), but I just do it for the attention. I've seem to have escaped "twink death" as well, probably in the extreme minority there :3
I seem to have escaped twink death
Any advice or insight on how?
