Women are generally fun as hell to talk to. I think a sufficiently close friendship with a woman would maybe be better than a sexual relationship. Men and women who are married ALWAYS have loads of horrible arguments, you needn't have them with a female friend.
nah, you're just a cuckold simp lmao
Women don't even have hobbies, anon.
What is there to talk about, the weather?
Women aren't fun to talk to when you stop believing in fairytales, which is by the time you're 8-9 years old for most people.
so long as friends with benefits exists and women aren't jailed for it, its perfectly reasonable to expect a woman to not disrespect you by not putting you in the top tier of heterosexual friendship with women (sex with friends).
i don't want female friends because i'd fall in love with them since i am incel
I just ghosted a female friend. Figured I would try it now that I gave up on dating and I felt I could get in there without any emotions or ulterior motives. And after talking to her for a bit I realized there is nothing to be had there.
tfw women never messaged me or initiated first
tfw guys who I thought could be pals never messaged me or initiated first 
I never had a real friend. If I never initiated I basically wouldn't exist. I don't have anyone.
Women make the worst friends. Even the spergiest autist can manage a basic conversation. Women are incapable of conversation. Women have no interests or hobbies. They don't even have interesting views on anything. They just agree with whatever you say while adding nothing to it. At least ai adds something when it agrees with you.
close friendship with a woman better than a sexual relationship
what a cuckold simp
Men make bad friends for women because you end up wanting us to mommy you. Every. Fucking. Time. Even my fucking pot dealer would try and vent to me about his problems. Like get a fucking therapist I do NOT do mushy stuff just because I am a girl. I do NOT want to hear about your depression either. Fucking cringe. Get a girlfriend for that
try to befriend woman
she starts talking about someone besides her or me
yikes
That's not true at all, even when you aren't a prospective boyfriend, as a man women will always treat you as a dancing monkey and expect you to perform for her to entertain her. That's part of the reason that men and women can't be friends, female friends will still hold you to expectations that a partner would while giving nothing of value in return.
how does one acquire a female friend
ive never had one
Can't communicate issues to your friends and instead bitch on here about them
Well you certainly sound like a good friend.
Hahahaha as if I'm friends with such sadsack annoying faggots anymore
i'd never do that to anyone though
It can be a double edged sword. Having women friends can signal to other women that you are reasonably high value male. On the other hand they expect you to play along with their retarded politics and mind games with others and will release vengeance upon you if you do not do exactly what they want you to do.
"don't want to be an orbiter" 
FTFY
What a well adjusted individual these comments make you look. You go girl!
i've talked to a lot of women. they are extremely boring
Aww was the mean lady abrasive in her 4chan comments did she not kiss your wittle ass did she imply she wouldn't give a shit about your feewings
I'm sowwy
They are t fun to talk to. Getting a conversation out of them is like twisting people's arms. Most subjects that have nothing to do with social media or gossip they only have a very rudimentary level understanding that you might as well talk to an AI. At least they think more than three seconds on a topic and attempt to contribute to it. Women aren't fun anymore just a bunch of fucking road blocks and land mines that is not worth tiptoeing around. For fucks sake you even tell women you don't want them as friends to leave you the fuck alone and they won't.
I like talking to women, I feel comfortable acting cute and wholesome around them without having to worry about being perceived as a faggot, well maybe they do perceive me as one but with guys, they'll stigmatize you, women won't.
how do you keep finding men that want a mommy? this seems like a "you" problem more than a "them" problem.
She's fucking around with pot dealers like no shit.
Strong, independent and don't need no man! You sure told me, sister!
it's not worth it. they don't do anything other than gossip and complain about stupid and irrelevant bullshit. i know because i grew up with women. I understand why many cultures do not educate them because education is wasted on people who only know how to gossip and complain about stupid bullshit
male brained women are funny sometimes
most women are venomous snakes. it's best to avoid them entirely
women always say this but i dont treat them differently from guys but i'm much less candid with them because it's so easy to give them cringe vibes
it seems more like that you just see guys as a source of entertainment. that's my experiences talking to women, that they drop you when you aren't constantly trying to entertain them. 
generally if you talk to a girl long term you either fall into being an orbitter or a jester without her realizing it. girls have such a high number of men trying to talk to them that they quickly forgot who stops being useful
yeah but i sorta dont mind, i'd be happy just having someone to talk to 
do you have any advice? i'll try it for a little while at least and see how it goes
women are fun as hell to talk to
ahahahahahahahaha
you're definitely perceived as a faggit. women only are about 2 things, money and giant dick, in that order.
It's really hard to have female friends for a guy if he's perpetually single / incel-ish
c-can i kiss your wittle ass? or your big bubble butt if you have one
they like stupid shit like music and art. so if you are an artist or a musician then you won't have any problem talking to them. start carrying around a guitar case and you'll be drowning in pussy in no time
i just don't have the energy to talk to women these days. i've seen women consider it a red flag if a guy doesn't talk to many girls but it's basically like a second job. i've met some very cool women but i simply can't keep the act up and theyre very reactive to anything about you that might be cringy or give them the ick like being depressed lol
I kinda did the same, I'm currently living in a uni student's apartment, I "befriended" 2 girls which I share the same balcony. I didn't even care about having a relationship with any of them but started to ghost them because we're simply too different.
I'm too autistic and I have nothing to share with them, I can't even talk about the normiest things with them like tv shows or food preference because they're both vegans and only like shitty tv shows or movies like harry potter or twilight.
I think they somewhat care about me but I just feel uncomfortable when talking with them
I like to talk to them about my cats.
that is extremely gay #nohomo tho
you aren't edgy or cool you're just annoying and people put up with it because you have a vagina. every edgy cool girl thinks otherwise or that they have like a tomboy personality lol
This entire thread proves why NONE of you guys are getting laid!!
In real life, men and women are about equal in terms of friendship quality.
On 4chan, women are way better as friends than the majority of men here. Even the ghosty women are way better than the men who SAY they want friendship but actually want something else. It's not so much that the women are superior at friendship, but more that most of these men are awful, and their idea of conversation is complaining and fighting. Every robot should try befriending a fembot (ACTUALLY befriending, not aiming for romance) at least once. It's an enlightening experience.
guys, this bitch just wants a good dick. hey, i got what you need but you gotta first post tits
having an interesting conversation with a woman
Holy shit npc moment
simps aren't allowed here. go back to twatter
Can confirm, it never ever ends well.
but that's how it's like being friends with a girl, being an emotional tampon who occasionally gets asked to do orbitter shit.
i did befriend a fembot once. it lasted for 2 months until i implied something vaguely romantic and i got ghosted INSTANTLY
you needn't have them with a female friend.
but you do 99% of the time dumbass, because that's what women are like.
if you go through the effort to finally find a female friend who never starts shit, prioritizes you and you're not just some 7th choice, and isn't just using you - why would you not put that same effort into finding a woman just like that to be your gf or wife instead because you're just as unlikely to find that decent woman either way
I have numerous amount of them. At least 58 over yhe last 10 years. Refer to >>73105510
Only two women over those 10 years could actually hold a conversation about interesting topics. Especially STEM 2 out of fifty fucking either. So go fuck yourself with this simp bullshit mentality. It is clear what you are looking for from women.
Women are boring as fuck. I don't want to talk about serial killer documentaries and useless knick knacks
It's fun when you're 16, the girls are sweet, and socializing still holds any appeal for you, but later you grow to find women contemptuous.
Its not that I "don't want" female friends it's more that women make me uncomfortable so attempting to talk to them wouldn't be a pleasant experience for either of us. Women are hard to make friends with in my experience 
Women say this a lot on here but it seems alien to me because never opening up to women seems like human relations 101 to me so it confuses me that so many men would. Maybe being comfortable around a woman is such a good feeling they can't help themselves but I dunno, I'd vent to a stranger man before I'd vent to any woman I know
Why would any man want to be friends with women? Childbearing and sex are what women are worth.
I have tried and found it does not really work if:
1. The friend group isn't mostly men
2. The women aren't already in a relationship 
I enjoy the company of my female friends sometimes but the only way you'll be as close to a woman as you can get to a guy friend if she's your girlfriend. Also you should not try this at all if you're easily manipulable.
There's no point to having female friends and you cannot convince me otherwise. They would not even be friends with ypu if you are not to their looks standard anyways so all that shit you wrote is moot.
this is the right answer. women are only friends with people that make them look good in their own social circle. a girl dates a guy because she thinks her friends will like the guy and not because she likes the guy.
in summary, women are vain and extremely shallow.
women are not allowed here tho
I think a sufficiently close friendship with a woman would maybe be better than a sexual relationship
you know you can have both if you have a gf you get along with right?
maybe be better than a sexual relationship
stopped reading, laughed at lowT
Let me clear so we understand one another, I wouldn't mind having a female friend if the basis for that friendship is what it's like having a male friend. Shared Hobbies,life circumstances(work,school,etc) I even have female friends at work because we have the shared space of being at work. But people are dishonest, both men and woman, about what a "friendship" entails. A good deal of men use the friendship as in to try to date a woman, a good deal of women want beta orbiters. 
The fact is there isn't many women who are into the things I am into. They can't offer me anything of value in a friendship. Nothing wrong with that of course.
For once I actually agree with a toilet, whining about your le depression to a toilet is fucking pathetic
One of the following is true about you:
1. You are a fag
2. You think like a woman
3. You brain is saturated in coom and hence you see women through rosy glasses
You're somewhat right, but anyone who says there isn't any sexual tension in male/female friendships is delusional or has no natural rizz. You can be friends with women and try to keep it that way, but they will never be the same as friendships with males, there's just another element to it that's completely different and impossible to ignore if you aren't a completely nutless male
Men who "don't want female friends" are fucking nuts
I thought fags often had female friends?
Maybe you just give off mommy vibes.
None of these are bad things, though?
That's part of the fun, isn't it? Guys in this thread really need to cultivate some sense of the erotic.
I have female friends but I absolutely want to fuck them
Why be friends with anyone? I never really got the need people have to have friends
nobody is fun to talk to 95% of people are fucking retarded and can't hold conversation with any meaning
I have some pseudo female friends. And they suck
Women are generally fun as hell to talk to. 
What? That's your brain being attracted to her
I think a sufficiently close friendship with a woman would maybe be better than a sexual relationship.
What? That's your brain coping
Women do not have interesting hobbies.
Vore was a pretty cool friend, theres this cutie Columbian chick I met at a bar a while ago and we have been hanging out after work sometimes
