Would you happily wageslave if this is implemented?
The normies will never be allowed a break from the wagie machine.
I currently have a 3 day work week (12 hour shifts).
I work at Cuck's Jr about 4 days a week. Even though it's meaningless work it's still better.
The 7 day non stop sex week
Ftfy
lol. That's dumb ass hell for wageslaving. You aren't going to be paid more and whatever hours you get will be what they are. You will be losing money not working a 5th day. Also this doesn't apply to retail or Mcjobs at all. They make you sign a paper when you get hired you need to be available to work any schedule or they reserve the right to give you almost no hours if you are doing school or whatever.
I strongly suspect you work at a warehouse that sells things online.
i can't work no moe
not happily, no. I don't like doing things in general. I don't like having anything on the docket, any task I have to complete, anything at all going on in life.
Sorry already signed for the 0-day workweek force
I don't happily do anything for other people.
what about a 1 day work week where you only work for 5 minutes in the whole week
Would you happily wageslave
no
Already do: 2 12hr shifts, 2 8hr shifts.
no
i want the federal reserve destroyed permanently, taxation banned, and a new form of currency backed by gold and silver with a series of state banks
Like this Anon said, all of these measures are merely bandaids on an unfixable system. The only motivation for any kind of work is if there is a real chance to meaningfully improve your life, your neighborhood and your society. This means that owning a home must be within financial reach, even if it's just an apartment, savings, holidays, the means to send 2-3 children to good schools, etc.
At a club I did a three day work weekends for five years that was heaven for me. Two 16 hour shifts and one 8 with Tuesday - Friday free. Deal with shit heads for only three days to then have four days where I could do anything I wanted and be freed up to make plans however I wanted because I had both the time and money. So I wager most would be happy with the 3 day version too, or maybe they wouldn't as I had co-workers that had the same 3 day shift and some just two days and they did nothing but sleep and internet shit for the four days to then bitch when they had to come back so maybe some people are just fucked.
You be surprised how many jobs do 3 day work week shit, power and water plants, nightclubs, living care places, etc. 
It's just a lot of those jobs either require a high amount of skill or nepotism.
I wage slave on a 3-day work week but I'm struggling to make ends-meet
Need to go full time but my attempts so far are thwarted.
Gonna keep trying. Might apply at the IT helpdesk again.
I did 4 day weeks as an Amazon picker but the shifts were 10.5 hours long which made each day living hell. Certainly has advantages over the standard 9-5 though
No bc I enjoy my job and Fridays we go out for drinks and pick up chicks
Make it Keynes' 15 hour work week, plus UBI and I'll consider it.
I meant to say I work the glory hole at the Indian gay bar every day.
