Being asexual sucks, how am I meant to find a guy to love if sex is so important to them. I just want to love and be loved and only ever have sex to be pregnant one day. Why was I born like this
boohoo why is sex so important to men?
i don't know, get over your childhood trauma or something, dumb foid. it's not just men who care about it, you're the problem.
Just lay down there and take it like a bitch. A benis is not burning stake showed inside you. You might even feel good or something because being "asexual" is often not the case but being Chadsexual is. Like its just a small meatstick bro.
Why was I born like this
Post your cunt or fuck off larper
hating people so much i despise sex
ur not asexual if ur not a virgin
and ur very sexual with giga-chad or whatever superstar musician or handsome guy you like
its called chad sexual
I'm sorry anon that's a tough roll of the dice. I liked a girl once who was asexual, but the lack of sexual synergy is a dealbreaker imho. I'd recommend finding an asexual guy. Be wary of desperate guys who just want an asexual gf because they are insecure or desperate. I guarantee you the vast majority of men care a lot about sex, even if they don't admit it. I'd recommend finding someone who is genuinely asexual.
Eh, it's not super important to all of them. I don't see why sex would be that much of an issue either. If it makes your significant other so happy and doesn't even require much out of you, why would you care that he wants it anyhow?
I'd recommend finding someone who is genuinely asexual.
op is chadsexual. not asexual
asexuals dont exist
I'm so asexual tee hee
uses a dildo every night
has had sex with 100 guys
No bitch. Catholic priests are asexual. Buddhist monks are asexual. You're just a whore pretending not to be a whore.
I literally met a girl who was asexual, they exist. She wasn't aromantic though, which was comfy
Catholic priests are asexual.
Probably should've omitted that one. We all know what Catholic priests are stereotyped as, anon.
projecting your insecurities in other people just makes you look pathetic, but as you are posting such low effort posts i can assume its not only the looks
You know it's funny. I'm sure an Asexual guy would fuck his sexual wife since it's just a bit of exercise for him to make her happy. But asexual women are always like "EWWW?? I would NEVER Let him put that inside me!" Which is more sexual disgust than sexual indifference.
how am I meant to find a guy to love if sex is so important to them
Find a non-passing tranny they're all scared of their dicks and chest.
How would an asexual get hard doe? Also no shit because most asexual women got touched the wrong way.
 most asexual women got touched the wrong way.
It's because most "asexual women" are just so picky that only God himself could turn her on.
Viagra and Ginseng
Normal people are sexual, both men and women. Men usually a little more so, but most women will not want to be with a guy who doesn't fuck her ever. Which means there is something wrong with you. Go to therapy I guess, figure out why you don't want to fuck. The sooner the better, otherwise you will be forever alone.
sorry but you are coping
these girls would be very sexual if they saw a serial killer kill someone, or were raped, or met their faovrite musical celebrity, etc
its why so many girls are lesbians. they are just chadsexuals
yes, excellent point
I literally don't give a fuck about sex anymore, but maybe that's because I've never experienced it. All I want is a girl to cuddle with while watching movies or something
Iktf
It's somewhat of a deal breaker to many women when you're nearly incapable of talking dirty and disgusted by the idea of sending nudes. Some get legitimately insulted. It is what it is though, I'm sure you'll find someone with a similar brain.
Stfu retard, asexual because of depression pills. Psure you should just kys honestly. Just end your life.
I do not know why people think the problem is I am attracted to attractive people. The whole problem is I am not attracted to anyone if I was attracted to attractive people then there would not be a problem in the first place
Thank you. I will take your advice and try and find someone like that
how are you asexual and still want to be pregnant?
t. also asexual woman but who actually knows how baby is made
Not surprisingly a lot of guys who are generally nice are not really into the idea of a girl who is not sexually into them
Yeah it sucks when people get genuinely offended because you cannot get turned on. Thanks
Women express affection through sex. Everything else could be seen as deceptive. But if she fucks you, she at least finds you attractive.
I want kids of my own flesh and blood and if to get that I need to have sex then I will compromise
Yeah and that is why it sucks because I cannot show my love for a man through sex as many people do because I do not have sexual attraction for anyone
Find an asexual guy.
They exist.
That's retarded. Your insistence on it is ironically indicative that you'll struggle with raising them.
Just let him fuck you sometimes jesus christ why are women like this
So if you have a daughter what will you do when she starts having sex? How will you be able to talk to her about it maturely when you are so hung up about it? I thought growing up with my prude mom was bad if she was asexual she probably would've fucked me up even worse
find hot aromantic girl and form polycule. youl get lovey dovey stuff, she will fuck him. all three of you get what you want
Any guy who is a nice guy struggles to get turned on during sex when the other person is not turned on. I am not good at faking things either, I have tried.
just be a cuck bro
no thank you
why are you asking me? I'm not the dumbass who thinks you can be asexual except if cum is involved. She is going to resent her kids over this, mark my words.
Sex is gross. I would gladly date an asexual girl if it weren't for the fact they're actually just cheaters who want a live-in paypig.
I will just tell her the basics. Only have sex with people you feel will cherish you, make sure you use condoms, birth control and any other form of contraceptive if you are not ready to have children yet. Tell me if anyone touches you inappropriately or makes you uncomfortable. Have fun. Then the rest is her journey to discover. Just because I am asexual does not mean I am going to hide sex from her
Me too, hope you find that with someone
I know for a fact everyone is horny you probably masturbate all the time Just have sex you freak
that is not even close to true. I'm not OP and I only get 1% horny once a month on my period and do nothing about it.
If you're on your. Period and did something about it that would be disgusting I bet u take meds
I take a bit of meds, but I have always been like this. Why don't you go drink some juice and stop projecting on people.
No one's projecting when did you start taking your meds probably when you were a child before you even was sexually mature
No, I started taking meds in my 20s. That kind of mental gymnastics isn't going to work here. I get that you're super horny and get off on thinking everyone is horny but it is simply not true.
I am not super horny But you're right natural selection does find a way to weed out the weak You're just not meant to reproduce
Why is asexuality Chalked up to meds all the time? I do not take any form of medication and the asexuals that do have probably figured out by the time they take the medication that they are.
So you're wrong either way. Either everyone is horny and I am a medicated zombie, or some people aren't horny because they aren't meant to reproduce.
Are you willing to let your partner fuck other people? It's either that or trying to find another asexual person.
guys who are generally nice are not into girls who are not into them sexually. Faking does not work either, I have tried. There is not many asexual people but I will take your advice and try to find one
Imagine having a fucking wife you have to support, and the ONEtime you get to nut in her, which you know she hates and you will hardly enjoy, it's so you can start financially supporting some other human being that you created and is doomed to suffer.
Jesus Christ.
I did not ask for it, just was born with my brain wrong
I'd be your sexless husband if you worked and supported me while I took care of our little bundle of misery. I'm okay with never having sex if I never have to work again. I'm also fucked in the head, just in different ways.
guys who are generally nice are not into girls who are not into them sexually.
Well yeah, it's not easy to accept that your partner doesn't want to fuck you.
Would you be willing to, say, ley naked in bed together and let your bf grope you, kiss you, etc while he masturbates? I could live with that if i loved my asexual gf.
just marry a gay guy who wants kids
ley
Lay*
Yeah, I would do that. I would go as far as to let him have sex with me if we loved each other but he would have to face the fact I am not sexually attracted to him and the most genuine sexual reaction I would give is small whimpers at best
Would be ok with that
#emotionless sex is a porn tag, fyi
Interesting. Yeah, the most important thing would be for him to understand what being asexual is, and not have some "i can wake up her sexual desire" fantasy.
Where are you from btw?
Would you be willing to try and like it? I just don't think I could have sex with someone who didn't enjoy it. I'd do pretty much anything to make my partner comfortable and happy during sex, but if she couldn't enjoy it no matter what, I'd rather us not do it at all.
Maybe I could find a guy who likes that then
As long as he understood that, the relationship would be fine. In Japan for the next year for a job
I do not hate it. For me it is similar to when someone pats your head. It feels ok but nothing insanely crazy like how people describe it and I would rather it not last for long
As long as he understood that, the relationship would be fine.
Would you let him try to eat you out once in a while, just to see if things change?
In Japan for the next year for a job
Oh that's cool.
If you can't get off physically, is it possible emotionally? If I were to whisper sweet, loving things in your ear the whole time? Or, if not getting off, at least gaining more enjoyment?
If I loved him, I would let him do whatever he wanted in order to sexually please himself and if eating me out was one of them then he could go for it
speak for yourself retards
I fuck and love my sex doll just fine
Never tried that, only been given dirty talk and that was not really interesting to me. I think talking about how much he loved me and stuff would probably make it alot better for me maybe but I do not think it would really cause sexual attraction just romantic attraction. Like how you feel when you hold the hand of someone you like
Maybe I should get one but for romantic needs
I think the butterflies in your stomach from romantic attraction are at least somewhat akin to sexual attraction. I'm not denying your asexuality, but it might at least be possible for you to experience it given the right partner. I genuinely hope so, at least. 
And I hope you find love of someone who is willing to be loving, patient, understanding, and completely lacking in ego. Sounds like that's what you need.
Thank you. I appreciate that, I hope you have or will find someone like that too
I am solidly in the "I'm a male virgin so I don't know how much I like sex" camp.
Just having a huggable female best-friend would be cool.
I hope I'll find them, too. Someday, someday.
I am also a virgin but I also have done other sexual things and not felt anything towards it and do not have any desire at all to change the fact I am a virgin or masturbate either. If you are similar then you might be in the boat as me. I wish you luck in finding a female friend you can be affectionate with
I'm a man whose libido is low enough that I might as well be asexual.
Sex has an emotional appeal to me (because if I have a partner then I want to make her feel good) but no physical appeal for me. I would be down for sex once a week... or once a month... or once a year... or never...
Things I Would Rather Do With a Romantic Partner Than Have Sex:
1, go on a long walk while having a deep conversation.
2, have a shallow conversation in a foreign language we're studying.
3, watch a movie while cuddling.
4, read books while cuddling.
5, play a friendly and relaxing game like Scrabble or MarioKart.
6, go on a hike or some other low-intensity physical activity.
7, browse maps and encyclopedias and blogs to plan out dream vacations.
8, try out some new recipe in the kitchen that requires our teamwork.
9, practice dancing or learning some other interesting skill.
10, cringe while reciting poetry or singing songs at each other.
When I imagine having a good time with a partner, sex doesn't even reach the Top Ten List of things I'd like to do with her.
Life is rough, and being abnormal is challenging. I wish you luck, and I hope you find what you're looking for.
Really? That sounds pretty nice. I'm probably sort of broken after so many decades of fapping and pornography anyway. I wouldn't mind being a househusband (if you're genuinely serious).
My wife is asexual and we have sex 3-4 times per week. It's generally 10-15 minutes so that's less an hour per week.
Sounds like you just don't want to put the effort into a romantic relationship?
Yeah that is how I feel too but sometimes it feels like everyone else has sex as their number one priority and they expect you to be the same. Thank you, it feels nice knowing other people struggle with thid
Yeah I would but not a lot of men are interested in it so it has been hard finding a good relationship dynamic with a guy with this problem I have
I would give sex to the guy if I loved him even if it gave me no benefit what so ever. It is just hard finding a guy willing to accept no matter what he does I will not be sexually attracted to him
Do you have some throwaway email I could contact you at? I don't know enough about you to say how well we'd potentially fit, but I am curious and actually like that idea a lot.
Sorry, I did not come here trying to date anyone because I do not like LDR. Unless you lived in Japan or could fly here in the next month I would not be interested. I like the cuddling, kissing and presence of a partner
If you are a guy and you have a girlfriend you likes to fuck men then that's gay.
Dating an ace is the straight man's choice
That's understandable, anon. Good luck.
So how do you select a man if you can't get the 'gina tingles? Do you just go for personality or do you look for physical and genetic elements still?
You too, hope you find someone
I go for which ever man can put up with my autistic ramblings for longer then 10 minutes and is not a bad person.
What do you like to autisticly ramble about?
Magical girl animes, Cartoons specifically right now TAWOG and Castlevania, anything cute, video games specifically overwatch and dead space. Just basic autistic girl stuff really
You're sweet, anon. Too pure for this place.
My tranny detector is warming up. I wish I could believe girls like this existed
By asexual do you mean that you don't feel sexual pleasure? Or just don't feel sexual attraction?
