Any fellow autistic girls on here? I can never find any other autistic girls and autistic men treat me like shit. I need more autistic girl friends
i know an autistic girl, but how would i convince her to talk to you?
hint: she thinks i quit 4chan years ago.
autistic men dont treat you like shit you rancid dishonest turdwhore, you just say that to setup an excuse in conversation of why you teehee go for chads.
dumb insect.
Just ask her, if she says no that is fine and if she says yes I will give you my contact info
okay she said yes give me your contact info you dumb slut
Further evidence to this claim.
Mm never mind I am worried after that statement, I will just find fellow autistic girls myself. Thank you anyways
no its me your fellow autistic girl, you nasty cumdump, lets be friends
i know one aspie girl, im an aspie guy and she has friends while i dont, how is it so? havent talked to her since january so i dont know if i ask her now when i will get a reply
my dc because fuck it: Tired Chinese Worker#4690
Autistic women are more socially successful than neurotypical men, according to the studies, because women just have to exist. Being socially retarded has no negative impact on their sociosexual success
If you post here often, you likely talk to them without knowing it. The autists worth talking to don't reveal themselves so easily.
ask her how
"hey i read an online post on a forum about an autistic girl who is looking for more autistic girl friends, would you be interested in speaking with her?"
Women are generally more cute and less threatening than men. So it is easier for them to form relationships. Do not need a statistic to see that
@73108787 isn't me btw
Well it was worth a shot
I am growing tired of being mean so i'll be plain this time.
Women do not belong here.
You probably aren't actually a woman.
If you are tired of other people being mean to you, stop being the kind of person that makes other people mean.
I should probably have added that to my post
she's very nice to trans people, even brought up one of her trans friends today, so if you're female-in-progress, she'd be very supportive OP.
I am a genuine woman but that is not the point. I was under the impression that most people here had mental disabilities or mental illnesses that I could relate to. I was not aware this is a male focused forum. Do you have any other recommendations of where I could look?
Thank you for the advice
Not everyone is as unwelcoming as that guy.
If you want a "4chins, but mostly female" - try crystal ( d o t ) cafe
I'm male and I never post there but I do lurk sometimes; it seems like a mostly nice place. Much nicer than here. In fact I wouldn't even post it on here except the thread is pretty much dead so I'm not worried about it getting raided
I am not trans but I would appreciate the friend non the less
I will take a look, thank you
Trains is a hard job, stay strong -Raj
