I went put for dinner today with my family
Also my bf not responding I hope he is okay
your bf is here having sex with men
https://voca.ro/1dT2nKz3WLBn
uwu
I was napping. She's my lovey forever! &lt;3
u-um are you a real foid? can you be my bocchiposting gf
why isn't he responding, Retard-San?
CRINGE
https://voca.ro/1dT2nKz3WLBn
BASED
the final boss of these threads
You are who tranny-kun wishes he could be. Absolutely based
Also can you start labeling your threads "Tranny-kun" or "Retard-san" so they can be filtered and we don't have to see your delusional drivel stinking up the board?
Very romantic anon. I think she's writing up a response right now!
She's quirky in a cool way, though.
he was napping, nvm. We are going to watch anime then I'll go to sleep
damn thats crazy. CAN YOU LIVE YOUR FUCKING LIFE WITHOUT NEEDING TO TELL PEOPLE SHIT FOR ATTENTION YOU PAIR OF HOLES
TITS
OR
GET
THE
FUCK
OUT
THANK
YOU
KINDLY
Don't give a shit, post your tits.
It's a tranny confirmed, don't give it (You)
She's a cute girl, doe.
bochi-trip-fag is a tranny so his tits are more akin to man boobs than anything.
She's cute and they're very soft and warm.
A quality post, a quality vocaroo. A toast and a (You) to you madam.
damn bro you gonna post 
she is cute
any more in this thread? You trying to gaslight yourself into believing it?
That poster is a narcissist, don't give it attention
when are we gonna have the retard-kun x tranny-kun official face reveal stream where 1000 people tune in to see
I'm just saying it like it is. I believe it easily lol.
The fake face reveal showed how many dedicated haters there are. If you guys promise to be nice maybe we can do it in mehico.
I dont see people going around saying
the sky is blue dough 
the sky is blue dough
but the sky is blue dough
Based, factual, and epic.
But people deny her cuteness.
Real talk. When are we going to talk about tranny-kun cuckqueening retard-sama
https://www.reddit.com/r/redscarepod/comments/11i8wdx/is_it_normal_for_a_man_to_take_this_selfie_after/
Deboonked, dough.
how is you just restating it at all a defense, if you had a picture of her to show you may be able to refute it
How is it debunked? Someone easily posted your pics on their leddit account
When are we going to talk about tranny-kun cuckqueening retard-sama
Did you read what i said?
But I've seen her dough and you haven't.
That was posted before we ever met up.
How is you stating your extremely biased opinion a refutation
I'm saying you e-cucked her with a different girl...
We both know you are writting that tranny-kun
Because I'm unbiased.
I can just post a pic of a random couple and say it's you.
Yes I think she's cute.
I hate trannies but you 4chan girls are equally as annoying. You need to kill yourself as well.
unbiased 
dating her and obvious pressure to say she is cute and keep face 
wonderful intellect there. makes sense you cant spell
She's super duper cute, dough.
I think they may have named the wrong one of you retard. Just as infantile you just kick and scream louder.
I've seen her and I know she's cute. I think she posted herself on /lgbt/ before and was called cute.
random things you have no proof of
yawn. And I fought a unicorn today.
Oh, no when people claim things with no evidence, you demand proof? 
Stop coping with the fact that you are jealous of my bf. Stop being a chud and maybe you would have a cute trans gf like me
keep barking I will cut myself again
brehs..
i am in love
What did she even do?
Least superficial /r9k/ poster.
fuck off nigger faggot
keep seeking validation
I hate all of you. I wish Satan would give me a sign.
Lol but you're "in love" with the attention whore vocaroo poster?
Why don't you love us?
says the 'man' posting on r9k every day about other 'men'
kill yourself
Lol what? I'm a man but my gf is a beautiful amazing girl.
The attention whore vocaroo poster is an actual woman. Something you and your tranny pet thing isn't.
I am a man, but my gf is a girl. Also
attention whoring good when woman does it
Least simpy /r9k/ poster.
tfw me n my bf were playing scrabble earlier and I totally destroyed him and he kept complaining about how it's too hard
LOL I won again!
I literally don't give a shit. You're not real biological females. Your little tranny mind games and gaslighting might work on minors on discord but they work on me. Now ack yourself
Lol I'm not even trans, dough.
You were cheating, dough.
this is kind of nefarious they can just constantly bump threads by responding to each other just to be annoying
What drives these people? Whats the *actual* end goal? Don't tell me its "attention", I want to know the real end goal to all of this.
cheating
even dough I won fair and square and paused the timer so you wouldn't get skipped multiple times dough
To inspire robots.
I went first 3/4 times and going first assures a loss. The one time I was ahead you put into the console to give me only vowels.
ur lying I won fair and square doughbeit
You got so much luckier dough and you went second on purpose
It's attention though. Tranny-kun has shown to throw hissy fits if no one replies to him. Retard-san just helps him because they're dating. The less (You)'s he receives the more he seethes.
bragging. they are inferior to any normal couple of biological man and woman, but can still feel superior to lonely robots. disgusting.
I went first twice and won both times dough. Don't rewrite history just because I'm way better than u and i win no matter what
Our wholesomeness is inspiring.
I went first 3/4 times. You're gaslighting me.
I think it's literally one guy samefagging trying to convince robots here to become trannies. It really wouldn't surprise me with the amount of bots and astroturfs on this board.
Every time I destroy him like my post here >>73109779 he goes quiet for half an hour, trying to figure out a way out, before resuming the shitty larp. It's all part of the plan
wholesomeness
harassed someone until they cut themselves and still continued after for a while
so wholesome!!!!!!!
Look he's gone quiet again! He literally doesn't know how to handle it. He's either gonna reply with something patronizing or ignore it.
It's so fucking predictable kek
We were playing scrabble, dough, and you have no response to actual args lol.
Not related to our cute wholesome lovey.
not related to it
just directly caused by your posts
Dont tell me why I cut myself narc
