Realistically, what are the downsides to sharing your gf?
Shes not your gf anymore
Hope everyone who does this gets afflicted with painful STDs.
What if she really loves you and she just wants to see other men on the side?
No downsides I just see more juicy BBC we can share together
Then she doesnt really Iove you.
Im no longer interested so shes free to do as she pleases
So your mom didn't love you because she fucked your dad?
Well, define love then. What is a woman's love for a man?
There is different types of love. If your gf cheats she doesnt love you like a partner, so she aint your gf anymore
You're such a mouth drooling retard. I can see your mouth breathing neckbeard face across the screen. Women can love you forever while still fucking superior men on the side. Go the fuck outside for once
No, i dont believe my mom was in husband wife love with me and wanted to date me.
Was yours?
Is that why you grew up fucked up? Because your mom would molest you?
Define happiness,define sadness,define pain.
How bad are you at baiting that you seethe so hard when nobody takes your bait? I wish you could grow a few brain cells.
It's not bait, like I say every fucking day on this board. It. Is. A. Lifestyle. Simple as that. You're autistic and unable to understand love, which does include polyandry (a woman taking on many male lovers)
still seething so hard
Kek'd, just admit you're a cuck
Yeah I'm a cuckold and I'm proud of it. It's the natural order of things that beta males (95% of men) be cuckolds to genetically superior males
Letting a whore rest at your house in between her orgies isnt love.
There isnt anything to understand.
You can pretend its deeper than it is but it wont actually make it actually some deep topic you need 300 iq to understand.
You get to hug and kiss and cuddle her. You get to hear her laughs and listen to her stories. The sad bulls (human dildos) don't get to experience her true warmth. That's what makes cuckolds superior males.
the fat cuck calling others neckbeard
Lmao cope harder cuck
says cuckolds are inferior in one post
says they are superior in another
Stick to your story, retard
If I dont get to fuck her ion want her 
hear her laughs
Nigga u gay af
Happiness, sadness and pain are actually easy to define in a sense, that you know for sure that you are feeling them when you are and it is also clearly seen by other that you are experiencing those.
Love is not an emotion like that though. There thousand different ways to define love and many people will doubt themselves whenever they truly feel it or something else. For once you seem to be mixing up sexual loyalty with love, but why? When you love a girl you don't automatically stop being attracted to other beautiful women, so why do you expect that of a woman? Or let's say that the implication here is that if she loved you she wouldn't hurt you so. Okay, but in OP's case he is enjoying being a cuck and she isnt hurting anybody so why them she isn't loving him then?
I don't think that in either eros, agape, stroge, bhakti or any other definition of love there is explicit statement that it can only ever be felt towards one person. This limitation in your head is rather arbitrary, or maybe a result of overblown ego, but humans are capable of loving many people at a time, it's just not very common, but it is very common to be attracted to many people at a time though. And it goes without saying that humans also often mate without any love involved at all, just to scratch a primal itch.
You get to fuck her, while other men also do. Where is your loss in that equation?
Taking her to coffee shops and sharing a laugh over an iced latte is gay
I think someone is insecure in his poor little masculinity.
