why do people hate working? humans were not meant to sit around all day and do nothing. Work is fulfilling and releases dopamine in your brain
Even when I had a wagie job at amazon i loved it. I loved every second
its hard to get away from/through/past/around/over the office politics.
aside from that, sure.
Obligation is the worst thing about existence. You have to be on time, you have to meet a certain standard of productivity, you can't call anyone a faggot or you don't get money so you can't eat or live inside. Fuck working and fuck you.
Arbeit macht frei, chud
you wouldnt want to be called a faggot so it's only fair that you can't call other people a faggot
facts bro. work is the only thing I look forward to these days
Where's my reparations then
idk what you mean ggggg
I'd work 8 hours a day if I called the shots, but I dont
I have a very fulfilling job that pays me REALLY well (like 6 figures well).
I am damn good at my job and have been recognized in both platitudes and monetary compensation for my efforts.
My day-to-day is relatively low stress, but when shit hits the fan it can get hectic.
That being said: I am only here for my pay. There is a laundry list of things I would much rather be doing then driving 30 minutes to the office every morning to make sure a bunch of expensive IT equipment is behaving. If I didn't have to work, I could pursue other worthwhile endeavors...Or just lay about.
You're a faggot
lol. lmao even.
the voices told me to quit my job then spent forever giving me therapy for trauma but now i have no job and no money
if i wasnt an easy target for the predatory normies, i would
I'm gonna go ahead and take a fat stinky dump on this thread. Anyone wanna join me?
holy based IT wizard
Work is only really fulfilling if you have clear goals that you are chipping away at and/or have loved ones you really want to support.
That's part of the reason why people who so far in the debt hole can somehow seem happier than those who aren't. They got all their desired material things like a nicer car, house and doodads up front and can feel a concrete motivation to work to pay off those nice things.
Those who work for their loved ones are engaging in something closer to the REAL reason people didn't mind doing arduous tasks in the past. There was less layers of disconnect between acquisition of vital resources and the work being done. Men would hunt/slaughter an animal and personally skin and quarter it so their family could then cook and eat it together. There was a very direct connection to that labor and it was inherently far more satisfying to partake and succeed in. There is a lot more cognitive disconnect when you go to your shitty dull job moving boxes around a conveyor belt and the most direct payoff you get for that is the difference in amount, price tag and label on the meat or canned goods you buy at the store while your toddler tugs on your pants for you to get them any of the 30 different candy bars on the shelf.
The people who have neither clear or committed goals they need tackle consistently nor loved ones who depend on them find many jobs to be insufferable because all they are doing is trading their personal time for nothing more than the right to use that time comfortably. It's a paradoxical mind state that is made worse by most jobs being ran by complete retards.
I'm an incel who will die alone, childless and miserable. Spending more than a quarter of my day wageslaving/commuting to wageslave for the rest of my adult life would be absolutely unbearable.
Wdym? Work is sitting around all day doing nothing, or do you think your work has an impact on society? The majority of jobs are meaningless, you are just creating profit for you boss.
This is it chief. I work on my own projects but working makes me want to kill myself. I practice 3 instruments daily, cook myself elaborate meals and lift 3x a week.
Fuck working!!
What the fuck is "work" even really? it just goes to show you how slave minded the average person is
Work is fulfilling and releases dopamine in your brain
Only when you have a gf to come home to, otherwise no pussy no work
You are braindead cattle who needs constant stimulation and instructions because youre incapable of entertaining yourself. Lick them boots harder wagie.
Im fine with working if I got paid enough to have a home or a decent standard of living. I am not paid enough to have a home or decent standard of living so I am currently looking at possible self employment routes.
I wouldn't care, because unlike you, I'm not a cum-swallowing faggot.
I dont like being forced to do anything, And I hate stress and have virtually 0 material desires, why would I ever enjoy work?
I am considering becoming voluntarily homeless after I graduate.
Some people get dopamine from being cucked, that doesn't mean everyone else has to like it too, autist.
Don't worry, neets usually sort themselves out by 35. Most of the people on this board are just young retards denying reality and will ultimately cave or rope.
thats what you think
Speak for yourself. Every job I've ever had has drained the life out of me. Fuck work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqpOznTpG2M [Embed]
i dont like working cuz i wanna spend time doing what i ENJOY. i wanna work on my hobbies and things that interest me. jobs are so lame and forced
humans were not meant to sit around all day and do nothing.
what makes you think that doing literally anything that isn't a job is doing nothing?
other things release dopamine as well
same boat as you. cushy 6 figure dev job
it's just as degrading as any other job, but my position gives me a better chance of getting free from the system. there is no value in working
i just don't want to work for 30 years and have mindbroken myself so hard that i cannot imagine life without work. retirees who get bored of having time and money and go back to working, or never retire because they "were taught to be useful growing up" have a slave mindset branded into their heads.
Because it's quite literally pointless to work your ass off for some jew and get nothing back in return.
In times where being a worker is also socially irrelevant, there's literally no point.
Back when you could lure women based on your job title, there was a point.
Back when you could actually amount to something like buying real estate, there was a point.
Survival without meaning is, in the end, meaningless.
Big difference between working to serve your local community and working to make sone jew psychopath more paper.
This. I don't mind working but one thing I can't stand is people and their toxic shit. That's 90% of what makes work suck ass
The industrial revolution created the problem. Before that nearly all people worked as farmers. They had their house and their fields and their animals. Sure they had to give part of the products to the local Lord, but still it was a feeling of "my field, my harvest". They identified with the land and the work. But in a factory you're just a number working for someone else. It's not your machines and not your products. The alienation of the people from the work experience and production process made them hate work.
this is factz. our brain does not like the resource empty world around us. it registers the barren landscape subconsciously and makes us act more competitiev
Fuck working for shit wages, which are devalued every quarter, let alone every year now. Also, fuck working in this piece of shit service economy (especially as an autist), which has been gutted by mass-outsourcing to Red Chines slaves. I felt even worse as a wagie having to deal with phones and customers, than I ever did as a NEET. In 1930, Keynes predicted a 15 hour work-week, thanks to automation and technology. Instead they turned workers into wage-slaves. Just give us a UBI already and fuck off.
https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/
You keep posting that link, and I keep looking at the numbers and thinking about it, and keep concluding that it actually happened in 1963.
Interesting. Why?
JFK assassination meant that right-wingers had a golden opportunity to dismantle social programs while left-wingers were distracted.
There is a difference between working a chill job or one that gives meaning, and working something that you know is just meaningless at best. Even being something like a farm hand can have a bit of contentment with it, since its good practical work and you can actually say that what you are doing at least on a small scale (maintaining and running the farm) is beneficial to the people around you for what the farm brings. But if you are just some paper pusher that does nothing but crunch numbers and deal with asshats with ties, where you only exist so some bigger asshat can make more money off of you while expecting you to smile about it, then no shit a lot of people are going to wind up bitter and pissed about it.
t. currently that paper pusher and completely hate it, planning on moving to IT
Unironically study NDEs and realize that there actually is an afterlife and that we are eternal and will go to heaven unconditionally when we die. So who cares about what happens here on Earth anyway? Neeting or waging, we go to paradise either way.
Here is a very persuasive argument for why NDEs are real:
https://youtu.be/U00ibBGZp7o [Embed]
It emphasizes that NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and when people go deep into the NDE, they all become convinced. As this article points out:
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mysteries-consciousness/202204/does-afterlife-obviously-exist 
"Among those with the deepest experiences 100 percent came away agreeing with the statement, "An afterlife definitely exists"."
Since NDErs are representative of the population as a whole, and they are all convinced, then 100% of the population become convinced that there is an afterlife when they have a sufficiently deep NDE themselves. When you dream and wake up, you instantly realize that life is more real than your dreams. When you have an NDE, the same thing is happening, but on a higher level, as you immediately realize that life is the deep dream and the NDE world is the undeniably real world by comparison.
Or as one person quoted in pic related summarized their NDE:
Needless to say, even ultraskeptical neuroscientists are convinced by really deep NDEs.
You think im gonna get a career at 35? Lol thats cute
Some say Kennedy was killed because he wanted to stop the military-industrial complex, which has cost the US billions. Their national debt also spiralled out of control in the 1980s, when Reagan (justifiably) outspent the Soviets into bankruptcy, ending the Cold War. It should have ended there and Clinton made cuts, but fucking 9/11 brought back the military-industrial complex back tenfold and nothing can kill it. Red China has been made too strong and Russia is trying to expand again.
As for the rest of the West, I'd say the 70s fucked us all. Abandoning the gold standard for the scam of fiat money and the oil crises meant that inflation skyrocketed and never recovered. 'Free trade' starting outsourcing all the jobs to the turd world, getting even worse when Red China turned to one party capitalism under Deng Xioping and was allowed to join the WTO on favourable terms, which let them undercut the entire Earth.
Then, when the bubble popped in 2008, outsourcing to the East sped up, along with Red China's GDP, as unemployment increased in the West. Now no-one can make money, autists have no tolerable jobs to work and our purchasing power is destroyed. Yeah, I think they fucking broke it. Now that we're going to be losing all the jobs anyway, UBI (and potential job-sharing in those shorter work week hours) is the only humane choice. So much of it is make-work (for the women) anyway.
Many people would agree about that being a problem. What we really need is a new bill of rights that guarantees basic income and housing, outlaws gerrymandering, and makes corporations not people.
Thoughover, this is like that fable with all the mice deciding to put a bell on the cat, but deciding that they're all to chicken to actually do it.
Agreed. Though I am not from burgerland and I realise it will be the last place on Earth to enact it.
Even Andrew Yang has largely abandoned it, but he put it on the map at least. I watched this last night:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0AtC3QKtJM [Embed]
I just wish Europe had the balls to do it, but the Ukraine War has conveniently set up yet another roadblock to progress. That M-I Complex again.
It's just so immensely frustrating seeing all these rinky-drink trials around the world that are anything but universal. I needed UBI years ago. We all do.
"Basic income" is a difficult sell, but "guaranteed remunerative jobs with supplemental income" is an easier sell with a pre-established framework: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Bill_of_Rights
It's difficult to retain optimism for change in the face of the analysis for the 2024 election cycle being that there are only three swing states: Wisconsin, Arizona, and Georgia. I kind of get it, but it's also nuts.
Worded very succinctly, exactly how I feel but have never been able to properly express. At this point I'm willing to sacrifice some comfort for not working as much, or at all. I hate working so much.
also not meant to sit around in a department store all day.
the real redpill is that people want to do something they can be proud of, or that actually improves themselves in the long run, not wageslaving
