be 35yo single guy
it's summer
go out
see 18yo hotties in skintight clothes, belly button showing etc
get depressed knowing your time is over and you cant have them
all you can do is look at what you can never get
Unappreciated pain. 
25+ women dont even dress like that anymore.
It really, really sucks when you're over 30 and realize the only hot women out there are under 20.
yeah there is nothing like a woman falling passionately romantically in love with you ovr your height and face when you're both 18-25, nothing after really can compare in the meaningfulness and intensity. If you missed out on that, you missed out on life.
Sounds like cope, met a lot of guys in their 30s and even 40s who were dating very young women.
your brain responds psychologically to sex and romance after 25 and it is fundamentally nowhere near as rewarding or permanent psychologically. you missed out on fundamental incomparable experiences if you didnt attain it when you're both under 25.
you're coping hard. seething and malding too. touch grass.
you missed out on life
Yeah but how am I supposed to feel about that? Society is pretending like I should be just fine and not traumatized. I'm waking up at 4am every night screaming because of no high school puppy love gf
there is no society just a bunch of individuals operating on their personal desires at all times. they would push you into a vat of shit and watch you drown in turds just to attain a small thing they want like a candy bar or a date with Chad. Do NOT expect them to offer you any functional advice or ever truly have internal empathy for you, they don't care about what happens to you. The only way to live is to stop caring about what happens to others and just do/take whatever you can from whoever you can to get whatever you want. That's all.
be 30 year old single women 
realize that I am no longer hot or cute to most men 
cant compete with young blood 
guys assume im ran through and on my second marriage when ive been with one guy my entire life 
Sigh
been with one guy
thats on you. you bet on the wrong guy. you had unlimited options and chose one that didnt stay with you until death. that's what happens when you choose a guy who has options (an attractive man), you get treated like an option. your fault.
why should a man give his 30s-70s to you if you wouldn't even give him your 20s?
Old hags like you are set in your ways. Why should a younger guy or older guy even bother with you?
one guy my entire life
lmao
used goods talking
I didnt have unlimited options. I grew up apostolic lutheran and very religious. When I turned 23 I decided to break away from the church, and was banished because I had sex unwedded. I wish I could get a do over.
had sex unwedded? this is the one guy you're talking about right? you didn't sneakily try to count casual sex as separate from relationship sex lmao
also how tall was he?
Hmm, sounds retarded. Your body doesn't know what the fuck 25 is. It operates on hormones. Hormone levels can drop due to age sure, but they can be maintained with a good lifestyle, gene expression, countless things influence it really. As I already said, your body doesn't know what 25 is supposed to mean, you are just coping like many, which is honestly pathetic. I had sex before being 25 and after being 25, the experience wasn't worse afterwards. But what would you know about any of this? You base your life on studies and theoretical knowledge while I base mine on first hand experience.
there are hundreds of men your age in lutheran churches and millions of men who would have dated you. you chose the one you bet on, out of unlimited options.
My family didnt allow dating. If we dated, that means we were essentially going to marry. If I wanted to even date I had to break away. We dated for 2 years, wasnt casual sex. He eventually went back to the church. He was 5 5 lol
they drop precipitously within a year of 25 for all people. 
if you had sex before 25 your brain was reordered so you wouldn't be able to perceive the shift after 25, moron, the whole point is that if you got it before 25 it is fundamentally different. you did, so now you cannot perceive the lower quality of after 25 that people who never got it before 25 objectively inarguably experience.
you have NO firsthand experience of not getting it before 25 and then only getting it after. you are locked out of that knowledge forever.
retard moron dishonest turdwhore insect. touch grass.
why didn't you go back to the church?
While you are right, you also have to remember that most guys here havent even dated once like you have.
You had 12 years to pick a guy who would've stuck around. You decided to be picky and now that you hit the wall you're acting like a victim. I don't want you to suffer, but I can't honestly say I feel bad for you. Your entitled behavior is exactly what is so insufferable about modern women.
tfw emotionally attracted to women, don't care much about body outside of a signal for personality 
People like you make it rotten for people like me
Who gives a fuck about seeing skin use Google images fags like you make women hyperfixate on their appearance to the detriment of all else
Just keep in good shape and dress like a 16yo slut and it will all work out for you.
It was actually a plan that he and I started when we were 18. We were going to break away from the church and go about our lives normally without our faiths restrictions. We finally got enough courage to leave, but after 2 years he went back. So thats why I took my bets on him. Apostolic lutheran is a much different branch than mainstream Lutherans.
fags like you make women hyperfixate on their appearance
Fag ur making me obsess over height, that's what guys are doing to guys.
Normally I'm all for woman hate but idk what she did wrong
You guys are just assholes
you sound like a lowT gayfag. the only difference between men and women is physical, there is literally no such thing as "emotionally attracted to X or Y" you are just a homosexual
nope, women are extreme height obsessed sluts
25 isn't a magic number, don't know where you get it from, 25 25 25 25 are you insane? Like everyone has the same body and matures at the same age or rate. You are a retarded nigger you know. Those studies showing your brain stops maturing at 25 are full of shit and always disproven, there's no general concensus, science is shit and can't be replicated accurately, some studies say the brain never matures, some say it's at 18, you claim it's at 25 because you saw some shit you didn't understand. You are fucking braindead and should kill yourself. I will unironically pray for your death tonight. Not as joke, I'll seriously do it. Not for me, but for people who read your shit and are gullible enough to think you're not just a retard. Like the body knows what 25 is. Retard go kill yourself. I mean it end your life immediatly.
Apebrained neo-normalfag 
Since when did r9k posters become people who are just failed normies? If you weren't so ugly you'd be just another NPC
not reading all that spewing malding seeth, cope and dilate, champ. touch grass. simple as.
she had premarital sex you simping retard. idiot moron insect.
Do you go outside? The "women aren't attractive after 30" is incel cope.
https://slate.com/technology/2022/11/brain-development-25-year-old-mature-myth.html
"Maturity is a slippery concept, especially in neuroscience. A banana can be ripe or not, but there's no single metric to examine to determine a brain's maturity. In many studies, though, neuroscientists define maturity as the point at which changes in the brain level off. This is the metric researchers considered in determining that the prefrontal cortex continues developing into people's mid-20s."
"According to a 2016 Neuron paper by Harvard psychologist Leah Somerville, the structure of these and other brain areas changes at different rates throughout our life span, growing and shrinking; in fact, structural changes in the brain continue far past people's 20s. "One especially large study showed that for several brain regions, structural growth curves had not plateaued even by the age of 30, the oldest age in their sample," she wrote. "Other work focused on structural brain measures through adulthood show progressive volumetric changes from ages 15-90 that never 'level off' and instead changed constantly throughout the adult phase of life."
" In one study, participants ranged from 7 to 30 years old, and researchers tried to predict each person's "brain age" by mapping the connections in each person's brain. Their age predictions accounted for about 55 percent of the variance among the participants, but far from all of it. "Some 8-year-old brains exhibited a greater 'maturation index' than some 25 year old brains," Somerville wrote in her Neuron review. Some of those differences might be random genetic variation, but people's behavior and lived experience contribute as well. "Childhood experiences, epigenetics, substance use, genetics related to anxiety, psychosis, and ADHD- all that affects brain development as well," said Sarah Mallard Wakefield, a forensic psychiatrist."
no its not, women after 30 are visibly less atractive than in their 20s, even if theyre still hot
Please stop living online. Stop living through memes, propaganda, bad studies, bullshit, etc... Go live in the real world. This isn't reality. You're a perma online faggot it's so evident. How many hours do you spend online champ? Be honest.
I wouldnt call it entitled. Do I want someone that I see a definite future with? Yes. If that makes me picky then I am okay with that. 
I am very conservative and wear dresses and skirts only. I prefer to look professional. 
Yes, and I can understand how that is unattractive to most. 
Not very much honestly.
Well you just said they can still be hot. That's the point.
Based
Faggot
"Not original!!!!!"
Women 25+ are whores too. Maybe not as attractive on average but still. Have you actually gone outside?
I actually feel bad for you. On this board I would assume most robots would be desperately asking you for your contact or tit pics but these virgins will just stay virgins and you should not give them the chance anyway. Rip, sounds like you were one of the good ones
unlike all these other virgins, I, a superior unvirgin would gladly drink thy majesty's urinary nectar
get over yourself, you are such a simp, buy another cock cage
psychotic
go simp for another discord ewhore instead huh?
No one wants the baggage that comes with a girl who left a cult. I have no family, all my friends dislike me for losing my faith. Especially adjusting to daily life in the real world. Growing up I was basically told everything is a lie. Stuck between a rock and a hard place.
at least could've thought of some response to being so thoroughly publicly btfo'd
Correct, no one wants that. Get fucked. Roasties suffering even a little gives me life fuel. You can get into porn now and become a whore to sustain yourself
What have I personally done to you?
Go to hell, roastoid
Vewy smawrt wesponse anon
You exist as a foid who bitches and complains about being born on super easy mode yet you still managed to fuck it up. You could have stayed in the church and got a nice husband but you still decided to fuck around. Now you are finding out and I will laugh at you. Again, get fucked
Same. Also 35. I deliberately avoid going out to public places because seeing all the beautiful young people is too painful.
Why the fuck would I want to stay in a cult?
Why not? Sounds like a fun community and now you are a femcel on r9k who will be a roadside whore to survive. You deserve this fate
be expected to have 10 children or more and homeschool them, teach them lies 
most husbands fuck around on their so
only speak when spoken to, by a man
Anon that isnt my idea of fun
how can you be conservative when you have had cum in you? lol
not going to read all your duplicate posts pretending to be different people to save face, sorry champ. seethe mald dilate sour grapes and touch grass.
And now you will be passed around like a football by men and beaten as well just without the veneer of religion cast on it. 
only speak when spoken to by a man
Yeah same shit happens when you are a whore too. 
No empathy for you, roastie.
Youre dumb 
Not happening to me lol
Until it does. I will be laughing when you end up on the news
do you like cum? in your holes? how does it taste? how does cum feel inside you? how does cum feel on you?
you are an expert on cum now.
No one is coping, it's just that you are wailing and kicking and screaming over a pain that isn't really that serious. You are pathetic, only one life and you gonna be depressed over being an incel
well duh because in life there's only sex to be lived for
Then say so in the first moment faggot and spare us the cringe. If you see it that way just fucking say so and leave us.
isnt that serious 
Sounds like cope. Makes sense coming from a eunuch who cut his balls off
well tell me what you understand by "serious"?
I already know you're gonna tell me that in your brain it is very serious so nothing else matters, so you just proven my point that it's all in your head. Plenty more proper serious pains to be felt, stop thinking you are special because youre horny, a needle pin hurts more than that shit
be 34yo single guy
its summer
scantily clad zoomer girls everywhere
realize even sub 30 girls are out of reach now
for a while now, set dating preference in apps for like 26-40
still get barely any matches, mostly from ~38yos
they have insane egos and looking for either young chads or well off 40+s
Well. Just a note to guys struggling with dating in your 20s, it doesn't get easier. The wall is real and not at the same time. Real because 30+ women diminish in every regard, not real because they can still get laid easily, with hot guys too, just have to vet though a lot more guys.
Lots of pedophiles in this thread
there is some nigger in Liberia who cant eat so why are you complaining 
Comparing pains is retarded and gets nowhere. People who use this logic should be shot in the head. I have gone through being homeless and not eating. Being alone was the worst out of all three during that time.
I can empathize; that's why I wear relatively dumpy clothes at the hobby store.
Youre switching things up retard, i didnt use the "some have it worse" argument.
Read my previous post again. My main argument was always that you are busting your ass and crying about some bullshit that isn't actually that painful. I dont have to use the "you could be burnt alive" argument, it's enough to just say hold the fuck on, you are just not getting pussy, stop making a big deal out of it you fucking manchild
You need to stop following women's dating advice, they obviously don't care about you, go for the 20 year old, you have more stuff than 20 year old Chad, use your resourse advantage. Stop caring what people would think and go after the girls you actually want.
no pussy no work, simp bitch cuck. simple as. touch grass.
plenty more proper pains to be felt
Are you trying to mix shit up or are you just a faggot nigger? Just because you are a kike eunuch who takes it up the ass and is okay with that doesnt mean I should be
Don't fret, you can always just pay for it you sad old geezer
Just date an 18 year old at 32.
Shut the fuck up shitlib. It's over for mythmakers.
https://slate.com/technology/2022/11/brain-development-25-year-old-mature-myth.html
dont care not reading seethe harder champ. mald and dilate while you're at it. and touch grass.
You got proven wrong. The 25+ myth is more dead than /vip/'s userbase.
