say you met a girl and you initially like her a lot, what are some things that would make you change your mind/lose your attraction to her?
finding out they have nothing but guy friends and all those guy friends say sexual stuff to her because she lets them and she says their just jokes
why did something happen op
of course something happened, answer the question faggot
if she opens her mouth for anything other than sucking my dick
idk anon i guess if she was shallow or something. you still didnt say what happen so it is hard to help you
well idk what happened he just randomly started ignoring and talking to me less :( that's why i'm hoping to get answers here to see if i did anything that's offputting
how long did you know him you seem pretty good to me
thanks, we've known each other for about 6 months
if you are who i think you are kek
they found someone more interesting to talk to, they're probably fucking them right now. move on
Is she got acid attacked maybe or had 3rd degree burns. Anything that would disfigure her really.
i wouldnt worry about it too much, online relationships are inherently fickle, especially if you met on 4chan where people arent exactly known for being the most stable. you wouldnt be the first to get your heart broken by someone you met online
it's not an online relationship x.x
share more info lol i think that's a very small chance
well thats embarrassing, idk attraction can just fade with time if the personality synergy isnt that good. if the relationship is built on lust with only decent or below personality synergy then it is inherently unstable.
depressing but yeah makes sense
If she didn't want to take it up her ass
If she has had sex before outside of a relationship.
if she was super obsessed with me or if she was still talking to other dudes after our first date
This >>73103431 , telling me she has no interest in me or telling me she's interested in some other guy. Immediately I either feel hurt and lose my feelings or my feelings shrivel up.
Here's a list of a few things: Talking about old boyfriends, talks too much about drugs, goes partying, asks me for things such as money, insulting me or aggressive for no good reason. These are things that would make me cut contact almost immediately
Biggest one I forgot to name is BPD
When people say BPD do they mean Borderline Personality Disorder or Bi-Polar Depression? Or just both?
NTA but they mean borderline personality disorder.
Also doing drugs or sending nudes to people.
