doesn't belong anywhere
You belong here if you are khv and not a deranged coomer.
bah i kinda got tired of your complaining
i liked you at first but now you're just iris 2.0
you belong in my arms cata-chan
those are fair guidelines, i don't even remember what i was upset about
haha, jeez. RIP dissatisfied/insecure people
c'mon, be serious
i'm being very serious cata-chan you belong with me so that i can nut inside of you and put lots of babies in that belly of yours
you're right though, what i'm doing is just pointless. i don't know if i'm making excuses for not going after things but i somehow felt so much braver a few months ago and that's all fallen away now. i have no idea what to do and i feel ashamed of every step i take. i don't mean to jack other people's style though, those comparisons are coming from somewhere. sorry
i mean its not about being insecure, catatonica. its about how you handle being insecure and if you try to fix it.
i see you posting pretty often about negative stuff, but have you done anything meaningful in order to "belong somewhere"? when was the last time you tried joining a friend group, making a friend online? i might be mistaken, but i never see you doing that. infact, i see you just disappearing from the threads.
at this rate you'll just rot alone, and trust me, it's not fun. you are still at time to mend your ways, and i'm not saying this to berate you or something
a hungry monkey stole someones rat burger that they purchased from an indonesian flea market and now they hates monkeys.
does the hungry monkey deserve hate? you tell me
you probably wouldn't say that if you knew anything about me 
well thanks. you're right, i'm not doing enough. i know what i need to do to feel better, i just waste the day away over and over and over.
connecting with other people is very difficult for me at this point, but i could totally just get a job or something and at least have something that i'm actively doing instead of just complaining about nothing all the time. i just didn't want to leave this place, i don't think i'm ready for high expectations to be put on me
the monkey was hungry, that guy can just buy another burger
im glad you acknowledge you can do better, that's the first step. aren't you like 18? do you not want to go to college?
why is connecting with other people so hard? just go through the process, try to connect with people anyway and see where things go. you don't have to get along right away!
but you are right, a job would be nice too. you don't need to pressure yourself all of a sudden, start slow but steady. do exercise, start making a schedule, organize your day, then adapting to a job schedule will be easier for you 
get some people to talk to so you practice your social skills (it doesnt matter if you dont connect), dont stop going out for walks. these are small steps towards a big goal, but importang nonetheless.
you dont have to leave this place forever! anons will always be around to talk to you about your day or tell you something nice.
you probably wouldn't say that if you knew anything about me
are you trans? idc about anything else
the monkey was hungry, that guy can just buy another burger
EXACTLY. i think that was the point i was trying to make in my anecdote about getting up and trying again but im too dumb to figure it out yuh
i'm almost 19, it's not much yet but someday i'll be 30. 
i just feel so fake when interacting with people, and then i'll usually get sad and start sulking, and they get confused when it's just me, they didn't do anything wrong.
thank you again for the advice, i know it's all very basic but it's the kind of thing i need to hear right now. i would've been ashamed of myself to turn out like this a few months ago. i have to stop being like this.
no
well, that is unless the guy is too poor for another burger, but then maybe he can get a job at the local butchery, or he can steal someone else's burger...
the economy is bad. the streets are harsh but he's gonna go for it no matter what.
nothing can stop him.. but then you look in the reflection and realize you were the guy... you were god of this world all along
okay then! you know what to do.
i'm glad i could be of service! i really hope i can see you doing better in the near future. i can come talk to you if you ever feel like you need to hear schizo rambling, too
then you belong with me mommy catachan
