Fembots, why haven't you grown your boobs yet? 
How do you expect to find a cute boyfriend if you don't care about your appearance?
I'm flat and I'm proud
DIE DIE DIE IDENIDE DIE IDE I CANT HELP IT THEY WONT GROW DIE DIE DIE DIE IDE
It could just be the makeup though.
I care about my appearance but my taste is much different than your pic.
I like novelty swim trunks and tie dye shirts not stretched out by garhonkulous melons.
Because they are already big
I don't care about tits if you can deepthroat
you will never be a hippy
You know how it goes around here. How big? Has anyone ever fucked them?
for one thing, I bathe.
You literally could gain weight and make them bigger.
Unlike with guys where there's no real way to increase dick size.
Not that it matters either since flat girls get bfs constantly.
34 E, on the chubbier side tho (26 BMI) no I will not post pics you can choose to believe me or not it doesnt affect me. And yes my ex but boob jobs are really just a porn thing that looks good for the camera. he loved my boobs but was extremely underwhelmed so we stopped after 2 minutes and just had sex.
I was taking SSRIs when I was 20 and living away from home, and they caused breast hypertrophy. Didn't tell anyone cause I had 30B cups. I went up to 34K by my next physical appointment and the doctor was like "holy SHIT stop taking those now you're probably going to get cancer by 40". He contacted my psych for me and figured out a good way to ween me off, but I was now a titcow.
I'm 26 and a 36M now due to some weight gain. Well they look sort of ugly when the bra comes off but I turn heads when I walk into a room, also I have to regularly get mammograms to be sure I don't have breast cancer.
Lose weight you obese tranny. I bet you can't even see your dick over your revolting stomach.
You cant tell this is a shit post? SSRIS are anti depressants retard.
Your tits are "big" but just saggy flat and ugly. Nobody wants to see that shit without a bra on.
i think abou this but then i get scared my boobs wont get bigger and ill just be fat and flat
SSRIs can have that effect. She's probably telling the truth. Also that's super-dangerous and is a major cancer risk.
Bimbos are absolutely disgusting.
Why would I want to inject plastic and silicone into my precious body?
Most men prefer natural what are you on about?
It's OK, anon. Don't starve yourself and don't force yourself to eat more than you're comfortable with either. Most guys just want a gf who's nice to them.
Boobs aren't made of plastic anon
How can you pretend to have a "precious body" when you don't care about your health and beauty?
Get trannoids off your mind.
All breast sizes are good unless they are saggy
men like breasts and need big boobed women to bear and feed their offspring
women with "flat chests" is mental illness
Gonna need the before and after pics, pronto.
I'm 34E also but my boobs are ugly and sag. I've heard some people like boob jobs but some don't.
when I got into shemale porn 10 years ago, I was really only into crossdressing traps, with time I've grown to really appreciate the bimbo style with fake tits. 
I love it all. Tranny porn is the best thign on planet earth.
Left is perfect. Right is a lost cause. We lost another good one lads.
I don't have the money for surgery so I've just decided to accept my small tits and move on
