Why do women care so much if a guy watches porn?
Would you like if you had a girl who kept flicking to bigger cocks and more handsome men than you?
If it was someone she doesn't know irl then I don't care.
They don't care if he's tall and handsome. They want to be part of tall handsome men's rotation fucktoy harem where the guy just fucks them and ghosts and watches porn and plays videogames all day.
They only care if you're supposed to be a slave beta loser cucksimp provider for them when they're done with this fun phase of life.
What's the difference between that and having a gf or wife?
Women should be given cliterectomies at birth. If we chop up baby dicks in the US as a fun little Molochian sacrifice, I say we go all the way and remove any form of sexual pleasure from females. All of their erogenous zones should be destroyed via Botox, too.
Depends on if she's doing that while we're in a relationship. People have urges and will gratify themselves, that happens plenty. I don't doubt that any girl I meet, bar a true asexual, has had fantasies and schlicked it to some guy who was better than me in any number of traits. I'm not about to hold it against her if we suddenly get into a relationship after that.
i'm fine with a guy watching porn as long as it's not of real women.
so asmr, hentai, all of that is free reign
i should be the only real woman he has his eyes on in a monogamous relationship
Have you ever masturbated to real porn or are you purely referring to if you're in a relationship with him?
I bluntly tell women that I won't be getting rid of my porn the moment we get into a relationship and they just meekly accept it with some hints of reluctance because I'm too tall and attractive for them to refuse to go further despite their dislike of porn.
i dont watch porn myself and seldom masturbate to begin with (once or twice a month, at most) so for me it makes sense that i would want my partner to do the same. it fries your oxytocin receptors and ruins sexual expectations.
most women don't care for the same kind of porn.
drawings and writing are better.
i understand a man has urges that i wouldn't always be able to fulfill so i'd hope a compromise of no onlyfans or real porn would be okay.
Because it makes them feel inadequate and less powerful. Women love feeling powerful through sex appeal, they love the control it gives them over guys. If an average guy is used to looking at porn stars with Aphrodite bodies, then her shitty, Becky C cup titties aren't going to have much power over him.
Women should be given cliterectomies at birth. If we chop up baby dicks in the US as a fun little Molochian sacrifice, I say we go all the way and remove any form of sexual pleasure from females. All of their erogenous zones should be destroyed via Botox, too.
You are, unsurprisingly, mentally handicapped.
It's not women who keep perpetuating that idiocy in your shithole.
I mean I preferentially go for things other than real porn(and I'll never pay for it, let alone from fucking OnlyFans). However I, like the vast majority of men, have masturbated to real porn. That's usually how most men even start out. I'm just trying to figure out if that alone, having ever masturbated to real porn, suddenly makes me disgusting/worse off. I'll also clarify, I doubt I'd masturbate if I was in an actually relationship, let alone to real porn.
We know they already do that.
nope! it doesn't make you a bad person to have engaged with real porn outside of a relationship! that's healthy and normal enough. and for some women it's okay inside of a relationship too.
Good to know. Thank you for the clarification, fren.
it fries your oxytocin receptors and ruins sexual expectations.
So does social media. Atleast ruins partner and relationship expectations.
What are the downsides aside from your fee-fees, zoomer little? You're okay with baby dick chopping, but not making sure girls aren't whores? This is the third gayest post I've seen today. I bet you even eat pussy you cuck.
