Like, I get it. It's abuse material, it SHOULD be illegal to protect the victims.
But fuck me, man. Isn't porn the only real outlet for pedophiles? 
20 fucking years for having videos saved on your HDD?
And everyone is fine with it. 
Everyone thinks the guy is worse than scum, should be raped in prison, just for trying to quell his urge by watching videos.
He should have gone to a mental health expert instead of getting his hands on CP which funds the abuse of children. Not saying that he should be prison raped though. By that logic normies should be hung for funding warzone child labour for their fancy Iphones.
He deserved it. Cheating on TF2 should be a death sentence. People who cheat on TF2 should burn in hell for all eternity and have their balls cut off, cooked in the skillet and fed to them, shit it out and cook it and fed to them again.
Oh, and the CP thing is bad too, I guess.
How does that work? What if he got those materials for free?
dont look fbi a baby is playing with his balls in the public square
contrary to popular belief, telling someone to get therapy doesn't magically solve all of their mental issues, especially since pedophilia doesn't have a cure, just treatments on par with homosexual conversion therapy
I mean he should have reported the source then. Some people maybe making and spreading CP for not financial gains but something more sinister like those people who fund third worlders to abuse monkeys. There is no ethical way you could have real cp.
You joke but I am sure psychiatrists or other niggas are obligated to tell the police about you if you admit to be a pedo.
Well atleast you could have some accountability and you may be prescribed some drugs that may kill your sexual appetite a lot. It sucks but thats the best we can do for people with pedophilia issues.
I browse altchans all the time, and we always get the occasional problematic spammer.
There is definitely a large "free" network for this type of material that you can hook into.
People who just look at the pictures but don't redistribute or monetize them aren't technically hurting anyone.
Therapy is literally a form of soft mind control and vicarious humiliation to people that fall outside of current societal norms of any kind. You do realize if he went to a therapist about that, that they are mandated by law to report him to law enforcement anyway, right? People who say this shit just don't want to admit they enjoy roping people by the neck for the sake of it. 
One day, society will look back on this shit the same way we look at phrenology and witch burnings.
This guy gets it, video game cheaters deserve the harshest possible sentence
The average human male would probably rather just quietly enjoy this type of material than literally get himself sterilized. 
It's insane how society clamps down so hard on people who aren't hurting anyone.
pedophiles should be killed. i don't have any arguments to support this, i don't need any, and if your brain is capable of generating any yes-buts here you should be lobotomized. "pedophiles should be killed" is a thought-terminating cliche that i am proud and based to hold
there are so many groups you could levy your hatred toward, and you chose the weirdest one to focus on
"Dashie" sounds like a ponyfag name.
All of /mlp/ need to be rounded up and shot, castrated, or jailed.
The problem is that this audience will always incentivise the production of such material. Thats why possesing snuff films are banned in some places because you are incentivising some exhibitionist sicko.
That bad outweighs the good here. The pedophiles are just robbed off some fap material at the end of the day. It's worth it even if it makes the most marginal of differences.
Careful there bucko, I'm pretty sure being attracted to any girl over 3 years younger than you is now pedophilia. You will commit suicide if you ever feel unjust attraction as such, right?
Therapy worked for me, Mr. Schizo
This better not be DashieGames, he has a young fanbase and good videos.
The problem is that this audience will always incentivise the production of such material.
I highly doubt that. I think most of what is produced is not given away for free, and what is given away for free is their version of piracy.
You aren't just robbing pedophiles off of their fap material. It's still there. The male libido does not vanish with a law.
You are putting pedophiles into prison for 20 years for trying to safely satisfy their urges.
I dont know considering how small in population the pedophiles are and how hard it is make to pedo films I think a good chunk of it is preparators own fetish and exhibitionism like those monkey abuse videos and snuff films.Ita simply can't be profitable. The supply can be reduced even with the freeloader consumers ditching it.
Not something victimless. Also they can always like jerk to something that is not CP. Now I don't want to sound like a witch hunter but many pedos do it out of abusive sadistic desires thats why even "straight" pedos with wives and chidlren end abusing little boys.Therapy can help it. Molestation is a cycle.
I work tangentially to the justice system. When I was training, one of the textbooks we used referred to a period in the 90s where child pornography was legal in (an eastern euro shithole country which I forget). The textbook cited a study on the effect this had on various sexual offence convictions over the same period. Does anyone know the country or study I am thinking of?
I dont know considering how small in population the pedophiles are
I think around 0.5-3% of the male population is estimated to be pedophiles.
Ita simply can't be profitable.
I don't know how true this is, we'd need an expert here or something.
It is a victimless crime in that you aren't victimizing anyone in the act of it. 
It's the "a tree falls down and no one is around to hear it" situation.
I guess my issue isn't so much that it's illegal (but for just watching I'm not even sure about that), but how harshly it is treated.
I think you're referring to the Czech Republic.
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/49644341_Pornography_and_Sex_Crimes_in_the_Czech_Republic
It's fascinating research, you could argue that CSAM should be legalized as a "necessary evil" to prevent more children from getting raped.
But I think Milton is known for saying that we should use shit like lolicon as a substitute to produce similiar results with a morally neutral material.
There's also been studies that when fake CSAM (animated, CGI, "loli" etc) was released en masse into the deepweb that real life offenses went down.
I don't think real CSAM should ever be legal because then the people who buy it will be able to support those who make it and it will become monetarily profitable to those who make it, but if fake stuff can reduce real world offenses, should we not do it?
Drugs are an actual victimless crime and they carry decades long sentences all the time. I understand the muh possession argument but the fact remains someone was harmed in making it. If we're talking law reform we should start with something that actually affects real people. Pedoshit is so low in importance if it's even addressed at all it should only be after the real issues like drugs, tax, divorce, usury, water, etc., are fixed. Same way I think marijuana should remain illegal until all drugs are legal. If pedophiles want the law system fixed they should do their part in fixing the law system. Until then they are last in line because honestly fuck them. If it's truly incurable I doubt porn will do anything to help them. Under a truly just system they should be treated like homosexuals and transgenders, as outlaws.
That's great, Mr.Potatohead. It's a shame fagsbdon't go to therapy anymore, since that's also a mental illness, obviously. 
Does your ankle bracelet ever itch?
19.5 seems harsh simply for possessing it, It obviously depends on what country he was in but in America i've seen people get MONTHS for literal TB's of that shit, odds are he was probably distributing which obviously levies a heavier punishment.
Regardless, it definitely should be illegal.
I understand your frustration, but being a pedophile is fundamentally different from being a drug addict.
We usually associate drug addictions (and this is not always the case, but hear me out) with it being your fault, while with pedophilia, it's your entire immutable sexual identity that you can't change and you have to live with from puberty to death.
I would love to see the study on that.
"Drug addiction" is completely unrelated to drugs. People are born as addicts(much like sexual deviants are #borndisway) and they then blame their shitty behavior on drugs. I see nothing wrong with criminalizing people acting on addiction, but drugs should still be legal without exceptions to everyone.
You can get it for free and not fund anyone. Once it's out there the damage is done.
I used to watch the club penguin back in the day. Only did the real stuff maybe a dozen times. Looked at a ton of jb stuff, and eventually moved to 2d lolis. Never understood how these people get caught. Even if you don't know you're gonna be searched, just don't even download that shit to begin with.
Almost everything should be legal. Bootlicking is the only other option, given that the rules will only ever be applied to peasants anyway. 
The law is a weapon, not a protection.
