be me
american born pakistani
short, balding, ugly incel
finish med school
1 year into my career my mom insists she can find me a wife because i'm a doctor
2 years later i've been rejected by at least 14 different girls for marriage
tfw mom is still in denial about how i'm a genetic dead end
The funnier part is listening to all the tradcon incels who think being in a traditional community with arranged marriage will save them.
You needa looksmax dude, every other aspect you are 100% perfect.
Look up 'moreplatesmoredates' on youtube, he has great hair recovery information or stuff like finastride and scalp pinning.
Also you are short, needa be buff if you are short, lift weights, eat alot.
If you are muscular you could probably rock with the bald look.
Idk if you are fat or what, but if you are fat and say you are ugly try losing weight and your face's features will actually show.
Hope you get a wife
harsh. did they even meet you
NiggaJeetFaggot.
Obviously you cant get married
Stop lying by omission my fellow South Asian cel. Your mother was probably batting for someone in the same class as you because you are a doctor. You can easily grab pretty women below your financial class with dowry on the top of it. Thats also what's going to happen.
Did you try showering and getting a haircut and acting more confident?
What age are you?
Men hit their prime in their 40's in 20 years those roasties will be begging for your dick after you age like wine and they hit the wall.
Low upbringing holes cheat 100% of the time
how do you even make it through med school as a subhuman brown freak without blowing your brains out?
when i was in college I was surrounded by 6ft8 blonde chads who looked like they weighted 400-500lbs of pure lean mass. literally looked liked greco-roman sculptures come to life.
whenenever i had to talk to them i had to tilt my head all the way back to look them in the eye. they towered over me.
obviously I had to drop out, getting mogged so brutally was destroying my brain.
If I had 10~ years in college getting mogged I would just shoot myself. how did you do it?
nta, but i kind of get what you mean. the ones in medical school and law school are chads/stacies with rich ass parents
PAKISTAN NUMBER ONEE LETSAGO
im pakistani but still stuck in this shithole unfortunately. ill marry you if you get me that green card
So you're a balding ugly black manlet and demand girls that are not just out of your league visually but financially at least on the same level or richer and you're confused why women are rejecting you?
LMAO WHAT
I am not op lol
Thank you, I always wanted to think about my doctor posting on r9k.
I'm not fat, quite the opposite. I had an eating disorder growing up and stayed skinny. As far as looksmaxxing goes, I could probably look better if I visit a maxillofacial surgeon.
All of them rejected my photo from the get go apart from 1 who didn't even make eye contact with me when we met
Yes but she hasn't taken the back home pill yet but I'm sure she'll suggest it to which I'll disagree with me because I don't want someone who wants me for a green card. She went for all kinds of local American Pakistani girls for rishta though, from teachers to students to lawyers. 
It's just a given in my family. My dad is also a doctor as are all 5 siblings of mine
Where in Pakistan? Lol
pakistanis = black
slavs = mongolian
mexicans = white
white americans = mutts
Gotta love 4chan race history
isb ... get me out of here sir please don't spend those dollars on plastic surgery not when im here
oh i just saw ur reply about not wanting someone who wants you for a green card um nvm i want u for your personality obv duh
You have to gimme your abbu's number so I can convince him now right?
Jus take more showers. If you are taking less than eight showers a day you are volcel end of story. It's easy getting a gf literally just take showers. There's nothing else involved. Did you try showering?
from the sound of it, i think ill have to convince your mom lmao im a lowly humanities student
Should I also lift my therapist while showering?
You're willing to do that for my personality (green card) right?
im not that bad, we could always talk on discord first so i could get to know your green card (personality)
anyways i didnt really have any kinds of intentions its just nice to see a p*ki on here even if they're technically whitewashed and living a better life than you... go rope ;_;
How does a girl in Pakistan even discover 4chan? I thought you guys only used the internet to gossip about Pakistani tv serials and actors. You've come to the whole incel board of the mongolian basket weaving forum, damn
It's probably some other South Asian larper trolling you. I dont know a single girl from the subcontinent and I have browsed this shithole for so long.
I met one Tajik girl one time but that's not desi but I was still surprised. I also met a Sudanese guy one time, I just assume everyone on the internet is American or European by default lol
would you be able to get any girl you want in pakistan?
It kinda depends. In some village, probably but I guess girls in cities want good looking men too
even turd worlders want chad
its ogre
