Am I crazy for spending large amounts of time fantasizing that I'm explaining something I know a lot of to a room full of people?
I've been doing that since I was in school, and considering that I also keep walking in circles while I think about stuff (Something I do since my early childhood), people in my highschool thought that I was weird, since I would finish my assignments and then go to the back of the room walk in circles while thinking about something.
Just now before making this thread, I imagine myself explaining, in the following order:
Am I insane? Autistic?
Should I stop this? How?
You fantasize about what you'd rather be doing. Considering what some people fantasize about, you're pretty normal. Go to school and be a teacher.
I do this all the time, I don't know if it is fantasizing, but it is just a method of organizing thoughts, whenever I'm resting between sets I am giving a lecture in my mind about coming to peace about my life experiences and the efficiency of rail transport
Second time you posted this this week bruh.
Just become a publoc speaker, its clearly what you would enjoy doing
Wait, I posted this before?
Wait, I actually did: >>73042513 
How the fuck did I forget that?
Maladaptive daydreaming.
Daydreaming is normal to a certain degree, but your case sounds pretty severe. Hard to say what the cause is, it can be a personality trait, autism or even a mental disorder.
I myself have pretty severe dissociation and the daydreaming happens as a result of that.
I'd say that if it bothers you, go see a doctor.
I often go to the fantasy of my future wife. Lots of time in bed thinking about her. We have a few acres and work the land, lots of children, and enough surplus to help our greater family. Sometimes I like to imagine saving her. Sometimes I imagine a genie grants me three wishes. Sometimes I imagine she's someone I grew up with it church. I even dream dream about her sometimes in my sleep. I think it's something everyone does.
this is pretty interesting, i wish i was like u
Post explanation nao.
based, like the Chaotic Realm
you may be the only cool /r9k/ poster (with the exceptions of me and my gf)
It is a sign of severe isolation, ADHD, maladaptive daydreaming, dissociation-causing stress, narcissistic personality disorder and perfectionism 
but on the brighter side, a good reason to start teaching, maybe even online on YouTube or something. Give it a go.
I also spend most my time fantasizing about random shit. Sometimes I am a rock star, sometimes i married my high school oneitis, sometimes I am the next Elon Musk. It doesn't affect my life in a negative way so I just keep doing it
Me too I do this too. You just sound based to me.
