Well robots? Are you man enough to step in and save her? Or a little pussy who will just stand there quivering in fear?
No I would be quivering in excitement because I would be witnessing a woman getting what she deserves. I would cheer on the man killing her. I would stand up, clap, and shout "Based!" at him
So, what's the context? Jealousy?
And that folks is why you don't date so called "reformed" and "self improved" incels. A leopard never changes its spot. They will always be a evil pieces of shit.
It's why you don't date men in general.
Not unless I had a gun, there isn't much an untrained person can do against an opponent armed with a knife, and even if I had a knife myself I wouldn't risk dying for some thot.
yes, this was a former incel. i'm sure it wasn't a confident chad with an (outwardly) 'good personality'.
Not my problem, roastie roasted it up and got toasty
maybe, just so I can shoot someone in self-defense. yes, that counts, nigger.
probably not though. best not to get involved in other people's retardation.
I'm female but I would help her, or at least try to. Maybe I would die, but at least I did so doing something noble and good. Besides, that would give her opportunity to attack, and the 2 v 1 advantage could help, even if not a lot.
Agree. Just one rejection or no can set a man off the handles. Man is the most dangerous creature and they deserve absolute termination from the world.
A confident chad doesn't go around murdering women over some phone bullshit no matter what the internet tells you. He was a mentally ill shithead who thought he was entitled and as a result, an innocent woman lost her life.
Youre evil dawg
It looked like he was a fool that placed too much trust and value into a woman that didnt give a shit about him, and he blew up in all the wrong ways from it
This is more commonly occurring among the unattractive low body count good girl types, as they are the ones who get into long term committed relationships with unattractive men.
I'd step in and pummel this creep, but not to save the girl. I'd do it to get an ego boost and make myself feel better for kicking somebody's ass
and yet it's exactly those sorts of men that women love. but you can redefine words however you want, i suppose. you might like crystal cafe better, or one of those manhating subreddits. you can make shit up there and people will love you for it.
What was even happening in this webm? It looked like maybe they were arguing with each other or something? And then when the woman tried to back out of the area he had enough and grabbed/stabbed her to death?
Murder is wrong but women typically invite the violence upon them. We need laws on female autonomy, it's been a disaster and lead to this unfortunate death.
Why would I risk my life for a random Mexican roastie?
That's most male murderers, Anon. Your Chad-types.
The fact his first choice was to kill someone proves he wasn't all there in the head. He could've easily just confronted her, gave her a quick beating, take back his vintage vinyls, whatever, but he chose death instead. He was a psychopath.
Victim blaming at its best.
here's what happens anon: women are stupid, cowardly and dumb cunts for the most part. do you have any idea how many times a stranger steps in to try and help a woman being assaulted or raped or abused, and the guy gets pummelled, the woman does nothing, and the woman just goes off with the guy as normal or encourages it. it's insane.
that's why it's not worth it, you could end up dead for absolutely nothing, you didn't do a good thing because the woman made it for nothing.
until society goes back to a better state where if you try to help someone they actually use the help and are on your side, people will just not get involved and it's sad because the natural instinct is to help people
Who is to blame completely irrelevant, it's the nature of women and societies around the world had strict rules on female autonomy for a reason. Yes the guy clearly has mental issues if it reached the level of murder but that doesn't subtract from the fact women act in ways that would instigate conflict.
It doesn't depend on courage, it depends on strength. If I went there it would be just another body on the ground.Besides, if it was me getting beat up, no one would care, so I wouldn't risk it like that.
ummm nope? You picked your exciting dark triad bf, now enjoy
I am buff, very strong even for a lifter and i am good in nogi JJ.
I will not fight ANYBODY with a knife, i dont care, sorry for her but i am NOT stepping in, fuck that
you could end up dead for absolutely nothing, you didn't do a good thing because the woman made it for nothing. 
I still tried. That is enough to have died for a good reason. Better to go out doing something noble than continue the meaningless wandering of life.
It was never really normal for a woman to jump right back into the fray.
Even a trained guy it basically becomes the equivalent of
That shits hard.
just snort some meth up your anus before
takes a tank or an accurate hit from a gun to stop amphed up junkie
but remember, dying for a roastie is a cardinal sin
That woman was simply getting on with life, trying to make ends meet, and that insecure faggot kills her. Now he's gonna end up in jail getting buttfucked for the rest of his life so who's the real loser here?
you want the right to treat men like dogshit got it
Alright so this post is clearly made by an AI, I was actually going to type a thoughtful reply up until I actually comprehended the statements being made instead of just reacting to them.
Such laws have historically been what allowed men to murder women and get away with it more than anything. Especially husbands and fathers murdering their wives and daughters
You dont tank shit, you just dont notice the pain. The junkie is still a corpse.
I'd buy the man a drink after. We need more like him putting roasties in their place.
Maybe stop being a piece of shit who makes things up in your head then agreeing with them?
Why not? Men do it to women for free without consequences.
I know. It was too intelligent for your primitive male mind to understand.
not putting myself in harms way for a foid. no gf no playing superhero
Meaning I wasn't thinking beforehand, now I am and I considered the post so bizarre and stupid that I had to assume it was an AI instead of an actual person, unlike my previous replies.
Post tits with timestamp!
Strange how we had a better world for it. 
Almost as if letting women decide on their partner and jump between them at will makes for a worse overall society
Almost true. It's more like these types of men are good at winning people over (not just women).
damn its almost like if the good guy was a gun carrier he would have been able to help against the guy breaking the law
liberals who are pro gun control want to make the world easier for law breakers and more difficult for women
A better world for you. Not the girls slaughtered at birth for being female, nor the girls murdered for eye contact with a man or dancing without head veils or any other innocent thing they were murdered for, nor the girls honor-killed because she tore a hymen doing some regular activity as a kid which then led them to believe she wasn't a virgin later in life, nor the women burned at the stake for being a little odd, nor the girls that had to live every day being beaten, raped and put through hell by men they never wanted to marry. Only for you was it better.
looks like he was accusing her of cheating, got angry and chimped out
Imagine being so angry you plunge a knife into the face of another human being and fuck the consequences, I wonder if he is even a human, or just a talking animal living his entire life on instincts and emotions
But why tho? What 'appened?
No you wouldn't, unless you are a certain type of black girl.
White girls would scream and run. ALL of them. Hispanic girls would gibber in Spanish and act like they were going to intervene for a couple of seconds, but then they too would scream and run.
Chinese women help fight the guy if they are over 50, and run away screaming if they are under 50.
Please join her so I can laugh at two foids getting sliced up instead of one. 
Foids seething at one of their own getting cut up lmao
Then you would die too lmao. One thing I hate more than foids is white knights who cant mind their business. I thought you hated roasties yet you will sacrifice your life for one? This board has gone to shit 
She is the biggest loser because she is dead lol
Please explain to me why honor killings are wrong.
Why were your poor oppressed wimenz having far less mental illnesses and were far more capable of living without numbing their cunt with a gazillion SSRIs than your sister today then?
So it was better, exactly.
Sounds better to me
One thing I hate more are bitter incels who can't conceive someone doing something good without having an ulterior motive.
Yeah I know your style, bitch. I used to be a pathetic edgelord like you. Thsnk god i grew up.
Lol
youre an idiot if you think you can be a hero and stop this. you are just going to get yourself stabbed too.
Not that anon, but it's 99% certain that you're just some fucking pussy talking shit about what they claim they would do in a theoretical situation, when what would REALLY happen is that you would pussy out. 
Because heroic "jump in to stop the stabby guy with my bare hands" shit ALMOST NEVER HAPPENS. That's why it gets into the news on the rare occasions when it does happen.
You are not a movie hero. You are a fag.
Yup I do not do anything good unless Im getting something out of it. Welcome to being an adult, stupid nigger. All adult relationships are transactional and conditional. If you want to throw your life away for a roastie, I will laugh at you while you get stabbed to death and post the webm on a thread. Wannabe heroes like you went to Ukraine then either died or went home crying like a bitch
What is this? 2016 again? Fucking cringe.
Because they didn't exactly prescribe SSRIs and diagnose bpd en masse in 1928 you goddamn mongoloid. This is like asking why there weren't autistic people in the past. There WERE, they were just written off as "not right in the head" or possessed or one of their four humors/biles was imbalanced or some other pseudoscience they had at that time. 
Up until very recent history most mental illnesses were not a thing. The women of the past had those mental illnesses, but the classification for them literally did not exist. Those women were usually just slapped with the "hysterical" label and were given cocaine and lobotomies instead of SSRIs. Even then most of the women on SSRIs today do not need them at all, it's shilled to them unnecessarily for profit.
I'm genuinely astounded a person can be this profoundly retarded. Oh my God. I need to lay down
And yet you are still here, normie faggot. Yes it is equal rights, equal lefts
Bring that back
I stand there and yell "WHOAH WHOAH WHOAH WHOAH WHOAH WHOAH!" until he stops stabbing her.
After a feminism brainwash, they clearly do.
There has to be one of those and another foid yelling OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
Let me guess. You're the quiet observer who lurks in the shadows? lol. More like the fatty who never goes outside and if you did, I would end up seeing you on a /b/ rekt thread.
Very big words coming from a faggot who thinks he is hot shit. Man wants to play hero so bad yet you would be the one people would be shitting on once you get fucked up after the roastie
No one, literally not a soul, needs SSRIs. Literally any problem that gets slapped with SSRIs can be easily fixed with natural means. Most of the people on SSRIs would ditch them if they just got more sunlight, more water, some exercise and some meditation time.
Not remotely true, because if you didn't die it is quite likely you would 'do good' in dozens, hundreds more situations that the world now is deprived of because you got murdered for a zero change in outcome because someone was retarded. You might not value your life, I get that, but you should value the happiness and help you provide to others in the future. Every stray animal you feed or give attention, every person you make smile or feel good, every one you might ever help with anything at all. It's those things you are weighing against trying to help someone who doesn't want to be helped and will turn it back on you, not your life.
In this scenario, if I had a gun sure I'd shoot the dude to make him stop. But as miserable as life is, there's still a person or two I want to protect and make sure they're okay and dying for literally nothing would not be worth the result of them not being looked after or cared for.
Have fun spending a couple of years in jail until your trial and hoping the corny syrup drinking mutts on the jury agree with you lol
nah I would pretend nothing happened just like that one time I ignored some woman on the street getting sexually assaulted by a homeless guy.
I'm not afraid of getting into bad situations. I pick my battles. I'm not gonna go in when there's 30 other people 
that's just dumb. However I would and have stepped in when there was one or two faggots and I've succeeded in beating them. I'm the one who sets the example not follow it.
A better world for society. Women are antisocial. Give them an inch and they'll take a lightyear. It's necessary to keep them on a tight leash.
Less than half. Society is a whole. If something is worse for over half of society, it can't really be said to be better for the whole.
You sound autistic, underage, and with a death wish which makes me laugh even more. If you want to be like the MC in those gay animes you watch, be my guest. I will watch for your thread in documenting reality haha
yeah some skinny white or black kid with a knife can yield untold amounts of destruction on another human. saw a jacked 6'2 dude get his throat sliced open by a teenager with a switchblade in a confrontation downtown. the teen hit on his girlfriend and the situation escalated fast. his death happened so fast too, in a split second that teen sliced an artery and blood was spurting out periodically like a damaged water tap. that was fucked up.
The only time you'll see me on documenting reality is when I'm the one doing the killing.
The only smart one in this whole thread lmao
LMAO you wish, Faggot. You wont do shit. Continue to think you are the big bad and you will end up like the foid.
Do you not understand the damage a knife can do? What are going to do retard? Take your katana out and parry his blows? It takes literally less than a second for you to go from perfectly healthy to dying with unrecoverable damage when a knife is involved. You dont EVER want to be taking on a psycho with a knife, or even anything like a box cutter or bigger, even if someone is rushing you trying to attack you the moment you see him brandishing a sharp object and you dont have a gun the ONLY thing you should be doing is sprinting in the opposite direction.
I would be so excited to witness a murder, male, female, doesnt matter
Look kid. I'm what you call rough around the edges. I've been stabbed and I have stabbed people. This isn't a fucking movie or one of your 30 second webms on 4chan. A psycho with a knife is just some special needs twerp who needs to be put down. They can easily be disarmed if you know what you're doing and I know what I'm doing. I'm not like you, pal.
If half of society actively wants to make the world a worse place they aren't actually part of society. They're just wombs connected to an evil entity. Society is men because women don't contribute anything more to it besides reproduction.
This is very original, you stupid kike site
...worse for you. You are very dense aren't you
Society is not about the individual, it's about society. That's why women should be controlled. They've shown time and time again their interests go against society.
...in the ways that society works best for YOU. jfc
men interests ARE society women DO NOT contribute to society like men do and when women DO contribute to society like men do people dont fucking reproduce
women want to kill the society that benifits the native men and import other men when their men are destroyed jumping through all of womens shit tests
Don't help her
see a foid get btfo
Help her
hmmmmm I'm kinda thinking women made this bed that they must now sleep in.
you sound like a typical npc.
Bing bing wahoo boop boop boop bloooop
because feminism is a shit test born of female privilege baked into human dna to either destroy native men when they comply to feminist interests (making humanity stronger and preserving females for reproducing) OR force native men to refuse giving women too many rights (making humanity stronger and preserving females for reproducing)
If she cheated I would personally help him if it were legal.
Is she gonna give me pussy on demand? No? not my problem then.
Damn incels cannot be trusted with women. This is the guy complaining about used goods and genetics all day.
The only women I'm willing to save are the ones that are having sex with me.
Why would you take a knife in the stomach for a girl you don't know ? And even if you know her, most of human are not worth the fight, except if it's a member of your family, why getting hurt or die for a stranger ?
So, none.
If he has a girlfriend he's not a virgin and thus not an incel.
I wouldn't lift a single finger to help a woman I don't know with anything. Unless she is related to me or giving me pussy, I don't care what happens to her.
It's not what the Internet tells us, it's what has happened for centuries.
You dumbasses thought "chad" was the good guy.
Chad Thundercock's original meme=good looking asshole. So yeah, the murdering pyscho IS a chad. Chad's murder their girlfriends. Incel's never had a girlfriends.
I weight like 600lbs, I could probably take a few stabs in the gut without dying. the blade wouldn't reach my organs. i could just charge at him and land all my 600lbs on him causing him a fracture or two
I would probably cheer him on
The only woman I would risk my life to save is my mother.
this is where you're flat out wrong
a knife fight favours the aggressor
some punk standing around threatening people with the knife is relatively easy to beat
Absolutely anyone actively swinging a knife and trying to hurt you (like a psycho would) is a massive threat who will fuck you up if you don't run away from them
take notice of the videos demonstrating martial arts masters vs knifemen
In the hostage type videos the martial artists does some fancy move against the guy standing around threatening someone with a knife and effortlessly disarms them.
In the demonstrations where a knifeman (usually wielding red marker to mark where he would cut) is told to attack the martial artist, the knifeman pretty much always gets a few nasty cuts in before being disarmed.
Really it's the same with most weapons, deadly if used, easily disarmed if you're just standing around trying to intimidate someone with it.
I'm not some internet fat fuck who watches a few MMA videos and think they're a martial arts expert overnight
Until you've been stabbed or stabbed someone, UNTIL YOU'VE BEEN STABBED OR STABBED SOMEONE, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Go back to bed. You got school tomorrow.
these people don't care about me, why should I care about them?
you're 100% going to die, and you're also lying, you wouldn't do this shit
Females are empowered. They can deal with it.
Honestly I wouldn't want anyone helping me, so I utilize the golden rule. Its a bad way to go but death comes for us all.
They will always be a evil pieces of shit.
shut up you worthless whore, dont talk to me about morals when you probably eat meat?
are you a vegan? if not, then you yourself are evil, because you cannot be good and eat meat
is that how you define who is evil? by their thoughts and beliefs?
so someone who closes their eyes and hold a belief is evil, even if he does nothing?
fucking moralfags
lmao this is some retard tier survivorship bias
are the people who got stuck in the neck talking about how they died?
Also it's 2pm and I'm taking a shit at work
why the fuck did i survive
nah, women got the ez pass in life and this in a consequence of gluttony on top of the ez pass
Incels can't have girlfriends by definition, retard
Not my problem.
I would calmly tell the man to meditate, do some yoga and perhaps go to some therapy to work on himself, just like women told me when I was toxically angry
Here is some source for the news. It happened in Vladikavkaz, Russia. The guy who killed the woman was freed so he can go fight in Ukraine lmao
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-11449555/Russian-murderer-Tekhov-freed-fight-Ukraine-desperate-Putin-tries-boost-troop-numbers.html
Wait so she didn't cheat on him?
messed up that hes stabbing a woman, but it gave me a rush to see all that blood either way. I carry a knife too. sometimes I wish a nigga would. so i can see that ruby red. that crimson jewel spatter on the floor. I wouldnt stab a girl tho thats bitch shit.
Crazy how good this bait works
If your idea of chad is that, then you are as delusional as women. Do you really think the high test, status driven, bad boy women are often into, wouldn't do anything to her if she tried to cuck him? These guys are territorial psychos.
It's a hach/chmurka with a Russian coal burner, no way that's a former incel, these monkeys are like niggers, but with no estrogen, they fuck like crazy
Never gonna get in someone's way if he/she has knife but I might interfere when it's only physical shit the attacker is not some genetic freak of nature. I would do it for both men and women or even animals.
No, fuck wanna go to court. I wanna be done with work and go home. I didn't see or hear anything.
The woman should be able to defend herself anyway since men and women are equal or so they say.
His ancestors are smiling at him. Can you say the same ?
Infidelity hurts more than a sword.
He believed girls don't fart, then she let rip.
story: it happens in vladikavkaz, russia. the guy is one of those low iq caucasian muslims.
https://www.the-sun.com/news/us-news/2403968/monster-stabs-ex-wife-death-iphone-check-messages/
he's not morally entitled to help her
he did nothing wrnog
enjoying things is not immoral. you are a fucking retard
you cant say schaudenfreud or any emotions are immoral
he is literally just smiling and closing his eyes
moron
I would have helpef her even if there is a 90% chance the bitch will make a scene for being mean to her bf and would have enjoyed slapping the shit out of her for that. Balance.
Unless I had a clear low risk way of taking him out, some stranger is simply not worth risking my life for. That's something you gotta do for the ones you love
why am I not suprised
It's like women constantly have the urge to seek out and date/marry the most violent men they can find
I'm killing the both of them and burning the building down. Why? Just for fun lol.
He looks whiter than her
curse my natural protective instincts, not just for women but also men. I'd stop him but not kill him
How is that my problem?
Chad* you retarded toilet
what a loser, the final will was "go on..." and yet you disturb it. bannable offense imo.
Youre picking up a knife in the throat bro lmao let the bitch bleed not my gf not my problem
I am far more likely to save a kitten out of a very-risky-to-climb tree than to risk even a broken nail for a human.
Especially not for any girl I am not personally involved with. They are more likely to backstab and throw you to the cops than even say thanks.
i'd have to step in way before he got physical.
Why would I want to save some pussy that I would never fuck?
No pussy no work no taxes no stake in the future no solidarity.
Help yourself out femoid
Based
I want to see women feel similar pain like I feel day to day
The pair married when she had just graduated high school at age 18, when Tekhov 'kidnapped', her in accordance with local traditions.
this, she ignored magnificent gentlemen all her life long and accepted a violent criminal thug in her life and we are supposed to help her?
Why would I want to save some pussy that I would never fuck?
this, she ignored magnificent gentlemen all her life long and accepted a violent criminal thug in her life and we are supposed to help her?
no pussy no solidarity
this, she ignored magnificent gentlemen all her life long and accepted a violent criminal thug in her life and we are supposed to help her?
Unless she is related to me or giving me pussy, I don't care what happens to her.
this, she ignored magnificent gentlemen all her life long and accepted a violent criminal thug in her life and we are supposed to help her?
Is she gonna give me pussy on demand? No? not my problem then
this, she ignored magnificent gentlemen all her life long and accepted a violent criminal thug in her life and we are supposed to help her?
HER BODY HER CHOICE (and her corpse)
as females like to say
OR 
even better,
as i like to say
i apologize for men. maybe the Y chromosome is bestial.
i know you're a troll feeding on the suffering of Women.
but you know nothing about her.
Marriages in that area are arranged you retard
elaborate what i should know about her
you dont know that she "ignored magnificent gentlemen all her life" for one.
i know you're a troll but you are still victim blaming.
Thanks stormy for not being a hateful misogynist
men are much more dumb than Women. men compensate by getting really mad.
when will Women realize how much smarter they are and adjust how they treat men accordingly??
Testosterone is the devils potion
just imagine destroying your own life because of someone else
only the lowest of low iq people do these type of things, just move on it's not that hard
#packwatch
ACKSHUALLY, men have more extreme cases on either side of the IQ curve, while women tend to be more condensed around the average. Its why most of the highest IQs in the world belong to men, and also why there seems to be more men who are clinically mentally retarded than women.
How do you know she's innocent? People typically don't get stabbed for no reason at all.
Amen, brother.
