Masculinity is a measure of your exceptionality
Femininity is a set of traits that women happen to be born into
Height
Face
Baseline test levels determined most likely by genetics 
 Masculinity is a measure of your exceptionality
How so? Sounds like the game was rigged from the start to me.
Men must be tall attractive and successful 
Women just have to be thin and pretty and that is all
Women just have to be thin and pretty and that is all
also, almost all women are pretty in some way and being thin just requires food portion control.
Most men don't have good enough genes. Hence the ones who do are exceptional.
Masculinity is not about having good genes, it's about being a provider and someone who thinks outside the box
This is how farming started
Women would rather fuck a drug addict than a boring guy like that
The strongest warrior in the tribe dies all the time while the beta figures out a way to store food for the winter so he doesn't have to hunt. Then he reproduces despite having weaker genes
This is symbolic of the human race as a whole. A species of flabby cucks who cannot survive or even protect themselves in the wild without tools
Traditional masculinity is nowhere near about height and looks alone, testosterone level being determined and unmutable is bullshit as well, but yes those things are good multipliers to expressure of masculinity
I'm a tweaker and do 20+ grams of kratom daily and I still don't get any pussy
OP wants to be exceptional even for their failures
Testosterone bloodlevels by YEAR
Not unmutable 
Microplastics, mycotoxins, estrogen in milk, etc
It's all a losing game. How well you respond to hormonal disruptors, how high your baseline T is, how exposed your mother is during the womb to hormonal disruptors, etc. 
Traditional masculinity is not something that got lost. It's something that made less and less sense as men became less masculine due to to the environment. All of these guys "relearning it" are just playing pretend, faking it. 
t. Have fluctuating T levels
