do bio girls like trannies or is just a moid interest
Yeah OP we looove trannies I clicked on this thread cuz the tranny dingus made my vagina tingle so much I love trannies I love how they do womanhood sooo much better than little old CIS me could ever hope to. I wish I had a girldick instead of a nasty FISHY STINKY CIS VAGINA (ewww) so I could be cool and sexy like them
Most don't but a small number do.
And trannies are relatively rare so if you're a female attracted tranny you can probably get one of them to be your gf.
it's just a question why'd you get so mad
The fact all the girl image boards are so violently anti-trannie makes me feel a bit better. At least we can all agree that trannoids are disgusting
transness is inherently misogynistic
No, I prefer plain femboys, and in VERY specific times of need.
im bi so idk if i count but id love to sleep with one, i know a couple irl but theyre either taken or im not attracted to them
best of both worlds and the estrogen make them less weirdly horny like guys get. plus boobs
Trannies are fine if they're hot. There I said it.
pretty much this
the reality is though only 0.1% actually pass and thats before you meet them irl and the angles to hide the body shape, the photoshop, makeup, voice, mannerisms, etc all quickly betray them as what they really are
the technology is unironically not there yet
one day we'll have real life futas but we're nowhere close yet
You don't notice the ones who pass because they pass. It's the toupee fallacy
this is the most bullshit cope anon, there just isnt a big hidden group of passing trannies nobody notices out there.
Same logic.
Stop making shit up.
Or at least make up less retarded shit.
Please show me the logical connection between those statements
Not that anon, but I do think a surprisingly large number of cute trannies exist going by the tranny board.
I've never met one in real life to my knowledge and only had regular XX gfs in real life so far but I like them as internet girls and think it'd be cool to date one. They tend to be kind of autistic and into anime and video games so that makes them easier to talk to and connect with, at least on 4chan or discord, compared to the average regular girl.
if 1 in 1,000 people are trans and only 10% of trans people pass that still means there's thousands of passing trans people
Such a pretty feminine pink clitty
Please show me how "transness is inherently misogynistic" first.
men like them.
lesbians are a very small percentage of most populations, smaller than gay men. the amount of women that like trannies are even smaller. and on the other hand, men are okay with passable trannies but men do not like trannies who try to get all the benefits of being a woman whilst not helping the sexual market by still trying to take women.
not enough women > trannies take their place > trannies date men. that's how it goes, anything else is gonna turn out badly if practiced in large numbers down the line
Based on her post
She seems to think trannies believe estrogenized male-born bodies are better than regular female bodies.
Which I don't think is what most of them really think.
Most trannies hate that they were born male and would rather just be regular girls but can't be so they do the next closest approximation to that by shooting up female hormones so they can suppress masculinization and promote female fat distributution and nicer hair and skin.
No I hate troons. Love femboys though.
if you're attracted to your pic related then you're already a full-fledged faggot, i'm sorry. there's nothing feminine about that fag and his angular masculine face
NTA but that is clearly sarcasm
unnie what the fuck are you talking about
And that's "inherently misogynistic" how?
Don't get me wrong, I think MtWs are just voluntary eunuchs and don't like them shoving themselves into places they don't belong.
But I also don't like cuntoids claiming that EVERYTHING they don't like is misogyny.
Words aren't magical spells, they actually mean things.
She's skinnier than what I'm more into but I wantes to post an understated and less sexualized one with a pretty face to show some of them just look normal and cute.
I like this one too as a completely different body type.
Mainly though it's more of a psychological attraction for me. I find tgirls soothing to post with or virtually talk to. Like they're just mentally on my wavelength a lot of the time.
Male trannyism is a himstrel show it's like what white people did to black people if you don't get how that's misogyny you are just a retard
You misread her post. NTA but transnes is inherently misogynistic because they're equating being a woman with a performance. On top of that, in the case of troons, it is a pretty pathetic and insulting one at that (most troons are clearly acting out male porn fantasies and defining womanhood through the male coomer lens). There's also all sorts of problems with male troons invading our spaces (bathrooms, changing rooms, etc) since a huge percentage of them are rapists and pedos (since they are men, and men with a paraphilia are more likely to have other paraphilias). That anon who talked about women wearing pants is retarded. It would only be mildly similar if they were claiming to be men because of wearing pants, and to make it more realistic they'd have to behave in the most obnoxious petulant chauvinistic caricature of a man while doing so. Think of the worst CC post describing men and then having some 5'2 90lbs woman acting like that and going "day 85 of being a moid - today I raped some bitch because she rejected me then i flashed my balls at toddlers honhon~".
In short, having AGP does not a woman make and it's insulting to insinuate so.
The sarcasm was the point. She was expressing the misogynistic attitude she sees transness as having.
Ask a more specific question. I don't think you even tried to get what I wrote.
I'm not saying I agree with her. Just trying to explain what she seems to believe.
The penis envy .... It's palpable...
genuinely unhinged and insane post. you need to go outside and have conversations with people
this one can kinda pass because he's obese and whalemode humans become androgynous by the nature of being fat. it sounds like you're just a regular faggot who enjoys the company of other men the most. 
nothing wrong with that but it is what it is.
Most trannies hate Dylan Mulvaney FYI.
Also what you're describing sounds like the opposite of inherent. You're talking about things they don't have to do and things that not all of them do.
Minstrels didn't try to actually become black nor they would if they could.
Meanwhile MtWs actually want to be women.
Argument denied.
Try again!
ah yes, I am the one who is unhinged. not the autogynephiles with a dick-chopping wish.
I've only ever had cis girlfriends in real life and don't even have male friends anymore since maybe like a decade ago because I never really liked being social.
I wish I could suck xer balls :,(
Earnest intent doesn't make something ok. Soo YOU try again and go dilate fugly transformer
Claiming to be a woman for any reason at all while being a male is inherently misogynistic. It is explained in the second sentence of my post. 
Being a woman entails being a female and nothing else. If there was something else to it, there's no way a fucking male would know.
Dylan Mulvaney isn't how most trannies are.
If I thought all trannies were that person I'd hate them too.
But it makes it fundamentally different from minstrel shows that you compare troonism to.
Like I said- shit argument.
Try again!
This time better.
Troons claim to be women while not being women. That's enough reason for any genuine women to hate them. 
I'd at least be able to ignore them if they weren't constantly trying to invade my spaces.
How many fucking trannies have you ever met in your life
OK, what if you set aside the "man" and "womam" identity shit and they're just XY people who want female secondary sex charactetistics from hrt the same way bodybuilders want male secondary sex characterisrics from steroids (testosterone)?
None, do you even have to ask? Well over half of these people that fear for their life over being in the same room as a tranny have never met one but SOMEHOW it's a epidemic.
NTA but why should intent matter? Intent is not the core of the argument here, so you're not disproving anything. The point is that it's a performance, a fakery, a man putting on a show about the way he perceives women to be through his male lens (because he never had access to the female lens). The fact that they're claiming to be women in earnest makes it *more* insulting than some white man pretending to be black for laughs, not less.
I think it's actually worse since the racism back then could be excused by ignorance. Trannies know full well what they are doing it's full on narcissism to enforce their charicature of a woman on everybody with threat of un-personing. I'd say that's worse than bigotry for a laugh
Several. Obviously, I always leave any place where I am in any sort of vulnerable state (bathrooms and changing rooms are all situations that already happened to me) if I find myself alone with a troon. You're clocked immediately and we always see you as a potential danger, never forget that.
And yet females for centuries had no problem telling men what a "real man" is.
Up to and including shaming men into a meatgrinder.
Double standards much?
I love you lady I wish I could buy you a beer or whatever you drink
Most trannies don't even dress like girls in public and just take hrt and grow tits that they hide in a hoodie and play video games alone in their apartment.
You're so bizarre. Who even spoke of an "epidemic" here? One or two of you are already enough of a menace for a woman's daily life. The problem with you is not in the numbers. You're always a nuisance.
yes i want a trans gf who'll creampie me every day
Intent matters because it shows that act isn't done to mock or ridicule, but to do the best person can do.
If autistic girl with no idea of how to be feminine, tried her best to be feminine based on stereotypes, books, tv and magazines, would you be equally disgusted by her attempts too?
With the amount of malding that happens over trannies here you'd think this is a number one priority worldwide. I can't imagine being this afraid over the existence over one person. I can guarantee they're not drawing attention to themselves but your autism is sounding alarm bells for you.
I can tell you're salty and you think you're having some type of revenge by swinging the troons at us by the dick, but what you're referring to has nothing to do with "gender identity" (a completely made-up 20th century term btw). It should be obvious that a woman telling you you're "not a real man" doesn't mean you're not a literal man, but that you're a shitty and unattractive one and that she won't breed with you. That's all. 
But you really reached the core of troonhood, didn't you? That's what troons are, failed, shitty men. They think they can redeem their failed manhood by transitioning, but they'll always remain shitty failed men.
you're a funny guy anon
anon there's no winning. they have tranny derangement syndrome. you cannot talk them out of their obsession
A lot of them like being called failed males. That's a pretty standard fetish thing. I don't think they want to succeed as males.
An autistic *girl* is already a *girl* regardless of how much she adheres or doesn't adhere to gender stereotypes. Troons have nothing to do with "unfeminine" women, since they are not women at all.
If the best you can do is to insert yourself where you are not wanted and steal other people's identity then you should stop doing whatever you're trying to do.
I could go for a beer right now actually anon
I know a trans girl who is married to a cis woman so like it happens
I have a couple left I'd share
Kanpai
Except it does
What women expected men to be shaped masculinity and other way around.
So claiming men don't know what a "real woman" is not entirely true.
Men in a way determine what women are.
Have you ever wondered why all ethots look the same or why so many girls wear yoga pants (despite knowing dick all about yoga)?
Well wonder no more.
They try their best to match what men find attractive.
So just like men look at what women think "real man" is and try to match it, troons look at what men think "real woman" is and try to match it (just like many women do).
Deny all you want, but you are a product of desires of my Fathers, similarly how I am a product of desires of your Mothers.
Alright anon, good luck trying to breed with the product of the desires of your Fathers (I wonder how you have Fathers at all, if their desires amount to faggots in yoga pants). Godspeed.
I have solved womanhood through mathematics and logic:
Womanhood is defined by the BELL CURVE of all behaviors associated with femininity. Meaning there are COMMON WOMAN CHARACTERISTICS (I.e nurturing, vanity, deeper intepersonal connections, higher emotional sensitivity, etc) and PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS.
BUT Transwomen DONT BELONG ON THIS CURVE BECAUSE THEY'RE NOT WOMEN. BUT they do take on a pseudo-Woman bell curve of FEMININE characteristics. Specially either through:
In my theory trannyies then are pseudo women who approach the woman behavior/physical bell curve structure (the shape of the bell curve for all associated behaviors) without being women.
And this is where MtWs would disagree with you.
They think they're women.
And you need better argument than "nu-huh" to disprove their claims.
if it were about being a feminine girl why are there so many fat retards that don't even try to emulate the ideal and call themselves trans
Good point. Even biologically, women only exist in the form they do because of many generations of trait selection for things like large swollen breasts and reduced hairiness and big ass.
In much the same way man turned wolves into domestic dogs, man also turned ape-like proto-woman hominids into anatomically modern women.
Personally I think bodymodding in general is cool and if females want to shoot up testosterone and get strong and hairy or males want to shoot up estradiol and get soft and pretty then I wouldn't stop them or look down on them for that.
I did steroids for a bit back in college as a man and I could see why trans people might want to do something similar but for opposite sex hormones instead.
Thanks for offering, but I don't think we're even on the same continent let alone country.
But besides you being obtuse, my point is that troons, just like women try to match image of a "real woman" that men have made.
In that way they aren't different from most women.
Probably some of them suck at it.
Same as how most guitarists suck but some guitarists are proficient.
What people who think trannyes are performative dont understand is that no male who is spiritually masculine would go as far as to look like this . The level of spiritual femininity needed to become this is far greater than that which most men posssess. I know this because I have flirted with the idea (for fetishistic reasons) but I simply don't have it in me to become a full fledged tranny. Take any male with a masculine soul and ask them to sacrifice their lives to become physically weaker and more effeminate and most would say no.
you undersestimate what moids are able to do for coom
I don't believe in spirituality. You are what you are. He's a weird perverted dude. There is no "true way to be a man"
Yeah, I would make a huge distinction between Taftaj vs. Dylan Mulvaney.
Mulvaney is 100% a creepy performative gay guy trying to wear female skin possibly as some sort of elaborate prank.
Taftaj comes across more like a girl who was born with a dick.
i feel like you would not half ass something that is apparently life or death like you would in thinking "hmm I might start a band or some shit guess I should learn guitar or smth"
I'm a dude and want to milk a weird performative dude like OP's
Does that make me a FAGGOT?
All that's required for someone male to become a tranny is they buy female hormones from the internet (no prescription needed if they spend two seconds google-ing) and eat it or shoot it up.
Not all of them will have the same motivations or the same level of dedication.
I, as a man, could totally decide today to order some hrt just because I want to grow tits and jerk off while sucking my own tits. And I would then count as a tranny.
Others though are more like people who thought they were girls when they were 4 years old and got beat for wearing dresses and started cutting themselves and vomiting because of their bodies masculinizing as they got older.
So not everyone's the same.
This is so disgusting to even read I can't believe people actually think like this
Why? It's just a dick. Were you raped or something? Is this a rape trauma thing?
trannies are fine as friends but i don't think i would date one especially if she doesn't have a functioning dick or even worse has had SRS
It's just gross that you are even entertaining that thought dude. That's like asking why I find shit disgusting
Rare legit reasoning for having an issue with them, unlike most of this thread.
Trannies definitely are prone to non-functioning dicks. I think a lot of the ones who are in relationships with cis women don't even have penetrative sex.
OK, well to me, I recognize secondary sex characteristics as distinct from whether someone has a dick or a vagina.
A male on estradiol will develop female secondary sex characteristics while having a penis and a female on testosterone will develop male secondary sex characteristics while having a vagina (e.g. pic related).
https://twitter.com/ivy_is_sleeping/status/1632767733682302976
Sex is reality and altering your secondary sex characteristics as a fetish means nothing that is undeniable a female 
Also look at how even hormones can't fight biological reality. The TiFs are sooo teenie tiny compared to the hulking TiMs
So every fucking female protagonist in movies nowadays?
Some are a little closer in size than others.
I saw an even better looking ftm X mtf couple pic where the ftm was larger than the mtf a while back but can't remember enough about it to hunt it down in the 4chan archives.
There are at least two non-tranny male anons on this board as short as 5'1 so not all trannies are going to be tall and not all pooners are going to be tiny.
Imagine going through all that just to have heterosexual sex.
LMAO is that pic real? The hebrew text really brings it together as a masterpiece.
I envy them a little. Or like the ones in this video more specifically. I am sometimes tempted to become a tranny just so I can fuck someone born female who took testosterone and get that hot role reversal dynamic going. But I likely won't since it's just a porn thing for me rather than wanting to otherwise live my life as though I were female.
https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph606e030322182
Gender bending is cooler and more fun as an idea if you're not trans. It's ruined by the existence of trans people though, because everyone would think you're trans if you did it
i like men who are my type,
innocently originally
It's better when women take testosterone but don't try to pretend they're men.
I kind of agree and think more people should just do partial bodymodding like the girls who use testosterone gel on their clits to make them large.
And also the idea of a girl on testosterone who's extra aggressive in bed is obviously hot.
I just find it amusing that a large portion of the faggot leftists and troons will screech about how gender is a construct and fluid but then simultaneously adhere to stereotypical external gender traits and behaviors.
If gender was truly fluid as they claim then a majority of troons should identify as the opposite gender but not have to change any of their behaviors or appearance to "pass".
Because they don't they effectively reinforce gender stereotypes even moreso than random non mentally ill people. It's also obvious because of that fact many do adopt opposite gender traits out of sexual fetishistic desires.
I think those are just different groups of people you're talking about.
Most of the 4chan trannies aren't political and don't subscribe to progressive gender ideologies like that. Their defining trait is simply that they dose themselves with hrt.
I feel like trannies got turned into a weird ideological / political thing by zoomers when back in my day on 4chan we just jerked off to trannies and didn't read into it as a political statement.
it was done by conservative billionaires so that people can rage at a nonissue instead of something that matters
Most of the 4chan trannies aren't political and don't subscribe to progressive gender ideologies like that.
Yes the majority who post on here do it for sexual gratification and attention. There's still a good chunk that use the trending ideology as a coping mechanism and lash out in a similar fashion if you question their life choices of being a clean shaven faggot posting pics of a dildo up your ass on an Albanian taxidermy forum.
A social memetic contagion is a very real issue especially when it's being upheld in a similar fashion to an ideological cult by various large institutions and the federal fucking government. I'll admit there was an initial Streisand Effect regarding awareness of tranny existence and activities but as soon as people even started pointing out how embracing the trannies culturally might be a bad idea, there was minimal attempt at de-escalation from the left because "how dare anybody even notice or question these ideas in the first place".
No one likes trannies except other trannies and tranny chasers. Both groups are terminal coomers. A lot of people pretend- especially women who want clout.
