Why are men so weird? Why would you want to lick a woman's dirty, smelly, sweaty foot?
sounds like you got a weird fetish but i don't have the same problem so good luck to you and your disgusting sexual perversions
Are you really telling me you wouldn't want to tie a woman up, take off her shoes, sniff her socks, listen to her getting disgusted, lick them while slowly taking them off over time until she's laughing so hard she wets herself (in arousal?)
I have a pee fetish but I literally hate getting tickled so much and my feet are the most ticklish spot on my body. I always accidentally kick the nail lady when I get my toes done lmao. I just want a guy to make me pee myself with no tickling involved..
How is that supposed to happen? If you're tied up I would eat you out too but my face would be pissed all over
I don't. I actually only like clean feet. fresh out of a shower or bath. preferably lotioned by me.
I love a lot of art like this, look up lostonezero on rule34[peri0d]xxx
Make me drink a bunch of water then tie me up until I inevitably pee. Or just spank me super hard until I piss myself. I really do hate the sensation of being tickled especially since I'm super ticklish, but if its in a dom way and I get to indulge my pee fetish while doing it I might tolerate it.
I don't know, I'm not sure if I was just hardwired that way or if something triggered that desire in my youth. Even since preschool age I've had that urge for girlfeet and it wasn't something that I could just push out of my mind. It perplexes me, I was never after just feet though and was attracted to females as a whole, but something did draw my attention towards their feet and it was something that wasn't easy to rid myself of. I'm not quite as crazy about them now as I was during my horny youth years, but I still like them and will fap only to feet related content if I'm in the mood to fap
She shouldn't be allowed to pee and she should do the thing where she rubs her legs and squirms before making it run down her legs...
I really like seeing women vulnerable like that
That's way more hot than I ever thought it would be. It would definitely be in a dom way, that's why I like tickling. Can I talk to you on disc? Bastion#2103
Are you that cheese-crotch that was crying earlier with the Rika OP?
Feet are literally less dirty/diseased than the dirty hatchet wound you have between your legs that can't stop bleeding constantly. We (men) invented perfume, underwear, skirts and domestic abuse to deal with it, but you insist on flapping your vaginal stink at everyone and everything. 
And you bitch about males trying to redirect their attraction to your dirty pheromone-stink-baby-tube? Fuck you.
Even with my demented footlust, I've often considered myself lucky that I didn't end up with a poop fetish
Definitely. That's part of why I want to go down on a girl if they're specifically bound, seeing that involuntary struggle is beyond words
Mind sharing age and general location first? I'm 21 and east cost US.
Literally the same here.
I don't though. I wouldn't even lick clean feet. I'm a simple man; I'd much rather clamp her feet in between my dick and start jack-hammering away. I don't need any activity on her end. Just shaping it like a vagina is good enough for me to handle the rest.
I love Wokada so much. I wish he would draw more stuff.
Try being a man being into degrading women by making them lick your dirty smelly feet after they were allowed to coat them in their pussy juice while begging to fuck them for real. Life's hard
I love to lick my gf's feet. Putting my tongue deep in between her toes.
I made this with AI, I thought the feet came out pretty cool
Im actually thankful for cringey footfags now because they put everything in perspective. I just want to tickle the shit out of her feet until shes out of breath, maybe get some FJs, but not half the gross gremlin shit you see in social media comments these days. No disrespect to them, its just not my style.
Damn skippy
Why are women so weird? Why would you want to swallow something that comes directly out of a hole that men pee from?
Actually I want to lick a man's dirty, smelly, sweaty foot
Nice try, you know? But I only like clean freshly bathed feet that I get to massage and kiss as an act of "I love you so much, I even love your feet (that you probably dislike as an "ugly" part of yourself (that I personally find very cute, adorable and smol))
I'm sorry OP but what do you mean you don't want a woman to call you a disgusting perv while you do whatever you want with her feet? Her kicking you and pushing you away with her feet while telling you how gross you are and to stay away from her.
le sniffff
