I was once a neet. I collected a fixed income from the state. I jerked off all day, smoked weed from dawn till dusk, and was content with my life. I never aspired for something greater. Then I began reading the history of the United States. We were founded by people who wanted something greater than what they had. I thought to myself, what am I doing? I may not have much, but I have enough to make my life better. I began working, saving, and building a better life for myself. I now own a food truck and operate it with my wife. You can do it too bros. Set some goals, work towards them, life will beat you down, but at least you will feel something. A flatline is the sign of a dead heart, doing nothing is basically flatlining your life. At least with trying to do something, you will have ups and downs.
Or you can continue living as a bottom feeder. Thats up to you.
I'll stop being a NEET once society is full of young virgin women I can marry again so I have any reason to work hard towards something. Otherwise nothing changes for me.
What this nigga said. I will work when I get a trad virgin wife
Cope. I refuse to believe you pulled to virgin non-whore women. I bet she keeps inviting her male friends to the house while you drive around in your cuckmobile.
gets pussy via wife
starts working
it really is that simple, america
We are with each other nearly 24 7. There is also only one back man in town, and she hates niggers. Shes the cook. She is not a virgin since she was raped at 10. I also never made the claim she was a virgin.
"i will work when i can get a virgin wife", in your country thats never happening, sorry to tell you.
If you actually want a virgin wife, become a top 5% earner, travel to another country, drink a coffe with her father and find a wife like that
i already fucked myself over by getting myself a criminal record and seeking help for my psych problems and substance abuse. everything that is cool is out of my reach now because they do background check and find all sorts of shit in my past.
