Nah you're OK. Most people your parents age lived like this or worse. Also I bought my house for 30k 7 years ago. It's out in the middle of nowhere but you might be able to find something out there.
why buy a house in the middle of no where? why would you want to live there? why not save the money and live with parents?
New job, I was able to save more money by moving out here.
why did you give up on youtube? mrbeast made videos for 15 years before becoming popular
Why in the fuck would you use this as a metric for 'failing'. You have been sold a lie by everyone that being a youtuber is easy. being a successful youtuber most of the time requires high IQ, high creativity, high work ethic, an ability to network well and to constantly make better content. Most people dont understand how hard it is to succeed. Its way easier to start a multi million business than to be a millionaire youtuber. wayyy easier. 
Youve got chud syndrome. You want to be the absolute best but you cant even be bothered exercising or eating well.
Successful youtuber oftentimes requires
What does eating well look like? Veganism or vegetarianism?
No. See, this is your problem. Im not trying to be rude but you have to scale it back. Stop trying to be a famous youtuber or a business magnate or a millionaire or whatever. Dial it way back. Start looking into fitness and making friends.
Eating well is only water, non processed food (chicken / beef / turkey from the supermarkets / butchers, beans, greens, oatmeal, fish, healthy vegetables). It doesnt have to be spianch and lettuce. Healthy eating isnt gross. 
Exercise is also important. go run 5km everyday 5 days a week and if you cant do that work up to it
if you cant make it on youtube you are a loser. im not gonna lie. most people dont want to make youtube videos, but if they tried to theyd have moderate success.
Thats a cope you tell yourself. Ideas are easy. Ill let you in on a secret. Everyone thinks they can make a video that people will give up their time to watch. They can imagine the idea in their head
You get down to recording it, its awkward, you get down to editing it, its shit, you upload it, nobody cares. Everything is wrong, the title, the content, the thumbnail, the person in it, the audio, the content, the flow of the video. Its all garbage. And nobody will even stick around to watch it should they miraculously find it, the algorithm sees this, never recommends it to anyone again, and the video is dead. Might as well not be on youtube.
Literal 9-year old girl is better than you in all of that. lol 
Shame!
To be a YouTuber, it's simple: 
Just copy other successful YouTubers.
There's a reason people watch what they make: because they want to see that content.
That's the secret to succeeding on YouTube: don't make what you want, make what others want.
Youre half right. Making contents what others want to watch. 
but if you have to develop your own style. Most people are also too shit to carbon copy people. Most people cant even sound good talking into the microphone. Its basically a voice acting skill to appeal on youtube.
Ill give you a challenge. Write a 60 second script for a youtube video and read it out enthusiastically. I bet you cant make it sound natural.
you dont need to talk in your youtube videos. there are a ton of niches you could do. look at relaxingend
Good luck trying to become as successful as him all while being too scared to talk. You are cherry picking outliers.
Red and white meat are less nutritious than vegetables and fruits. I agree with exercise, but there is no reason to eat meat.
im not. im just saying there are multiple niches on youtube. not every channel is a podcast or commentary channel. find what you enjoy then practice. you will get good at it and excel.
Yes, but its not easy. You are making out youre a loser if you cant do it.
Someone whos 100 IQ and lazy will 100% fail. You have to probably invest I would say 1000 hours before you start to get it down really well. And 5000+ hours until youre up to scratch to be a really good youtuber. 
Most people hit a brick wall too because they dont understand how to get better
Why not move from Vegas, seems like a miserable place to live
of course a fucking russian would think that a generous man has a shit ton of skeletons in their closet
mrbeast said you have to make 100 videos at least before they start being good
i dont understand why people put in the work to get a minimum wage job and go to work everyday but wont put the same effort in a youtube channel or something else entrepreneurial
Ive seen that video. I think hes full of shit. Hes got survivor bias. He saw that he got better over time and how good it was so he thinks its the same for everyone
Most people make 100 videos and theyre just as bad as video 1. They never get any better. Theyre either too stupid or too lazy to improve.
