be me 
fat my whole life 
get bullied for it relentlessly 
girls openly talk about how disgusting I am 
miss out on teen love, never have a relationship and eventually lose vcard to prostitute
eventually decided to finally lose weight and start working out at age 20
2 years pass
no longer a fat fuck 
descent muscle mass and my face is no longer like that of a chubby kid 
decided to go out with a old friend after a long time of isolation 
meet girls 
have a nice conversation with a cute redhead 
she calls me handsome 
freeze.jpg 
cant move, cant talk, just stare at her 
"is everything okay anon" 
she goes to get a glass of water 
leave the party and go home 
been thinking about it the last few days 
This was the first time in my life a woman other than my grandma and mom called me handsome bros and I messed it up. I hate being autistic and not knowing what to do in these situations. It was also a massive shock to me desu. Girls being attracted to me is something I declared as unrealistic when I was age 12 and so I just gave up early on. This is all very confusing to me bros idk how to handle my own emotions and the way I view myself right now
you have been blessed my friend. now that you became good looking you have to realize that nearly nothing you say matters (this can be taken as a good or bad thing). it's just like any man talking to a hot girl or one with really big tits. they have decided they desire you and so long as what you say isn't crazy, you can't lose. your handsome face will make it so most shit you say (could be talking about your new magic deck or go ham on your passion for plants like a botanist) and it will be romanticized. literally being yourself (but you need to talk) is all you need.
I will never get called handsome because I'm balding but I'm happy for you.
Thats a good sign anon. You just have zero confidence right now because you are not used to it
Girls being attracted to me is something I declared as unrealistic when I was age 12 and so I just gave up early on.
Fuck brah I can relate being an ex fat kid too. Romance was just never a realistic thing for me for all of elementary and HS. I'm fit now and have been complimented for my looks but I still see that little fat boy in the mirror.
I'll never grt over the fact that they couldn' t love me for who I was.
Sure, I look good now, thanks for noticing you shallow whore.
Thank you anon. This is literally how I feel all the time. I just cant get this old image of myself out of my head
How old and what was the context of her calling you handsome?
Never go [serious] for a girl who calls you handsome anon. She'll dump u when.. you know
