Would you rather fuck a tranny or a fatty?
And no, refusing to have sex at all is not an option.
I love fat trannies so both.
i refuse to have sex
Hard choice. Not because I'm repulsed, but because I'm only attracted to thin trannies and fat women.
Guess I'd go with the fatty in the end
A fatty if I really have no choice in the matter. I'd rather put my peen in vagene then get poop dick
Neither, unless the tranny passes really really well. Never met a tranny that passes well enough that I'd willingly fuck her, but it could be a case of "she passes so well I didn't even know" kind of thing.
fool, I would dp the fat woman with the tranny.
would you have gay sex or straight sex
I am taking the tranny every single time
in pic rel situation definitely the tranny. overall it depends how cute tranny is and how fat and ugly is fatty. i like cute people, no matter whats in their pants, and i dont like fat women.
Would fuck the fatty in the ass in front of the tranny yelling "this could be you if you really were a woman"
tranny. i have fucked probably a dozen fatties but haven't done it with a tranny yet, it would be interesting
I prefer pussy but damn that girl it's so fucking fat.
Probably I would pick the transwoman.
Both at the same time. By that I mean a fat girl and a tranny not a fat tranny
Would you rather fuck a tranny or a fatty?
Yes.
Ill take the tranny. Fatsos are the most disgusting thing in existence
Fatty no questions asked.
Based. Trannies are fucking disgusting.
Fatties aren't exactly a premium choice, but at least they aren't pretending to be something they're biologically not and never will be.
Not fucking a guy so fatty. I don't care if your carefully curated online pics look good, no tranny looks feels or smells like a woman does.
Patrician fat tranny appreciator
a fatty. they have big tits so its not so bad.
Both. Slampig the fat one &amp; sniff the skinny ones body parts &amp; eat her cum.
smells
Pretty sure body odors are hormone driven.
Though in real life I've only had sex with cis women so far and can't say firsthand whether trannies smell like women from their hrt or not.
I'll check if I fuck a tranny in the future.
It's a weird thing for me because I really despise fat people and I'm very disgusted by them. I feel if I fuck a tranny, I'd at least be fucking a human, but a fatty, it's like fucking some animal. It's beyond male or female.
Trannies. Fat is just disgusting to me and the smells are too visceral.
Tranny, hands down.
Ew OP. I'll be imagine this around your cock to wash down your disgusting thoughts.
So far 9 votes for tranny vs 6 votes for fatty a bunch of people said both but they dont get it so im not counting them
Should have fucking guessed.
Being fat is a choice and easily fixable. 
No excuse
I would date a tranny anyway as long as they were healthy
count one more vote for tranny
Which means you can get her fit dumbass. Meanwhile a tranny will NEVER even BAW
If you have to fix a woman she will never be worth it
Definitely the fatty, no hesitations.
Flawed choice because I want the fattie anyway.
I am dating a fatty! It is nice when you fuck because there is so much stuff giggling, and you can grab on anywhere when pounding.
Depends. I'm not necessarily opposed to either. Left looks cure. Right looks okay, maybe it a bit to pig for me. Chubby girls with big tits are god-tier.
And 1 vote for dog.
right is perfect for BREEDING, left is useless to me.
The right, especially with gigantic tits.
Right if she looks like that and IS NOT pregnant.
I would have gone for left if he had stayed a femboy instead of a tranny.
i've only been able to get fatties (except for 1 ugly skinny woman) and i'm not a AIDS ridden faggot, so i'm gonna go with fattys, even though i'm not actually attracted to them.
i refuse to have sex
B A S E D
I personally find this one exquisite.
Yeah well obviously.
If they pass well, you don't know that they're trannies.
Why not both? hahahhahahaha
I'm taking the guy on the left over the lard on the right.
Left > Right
sorry, ladies
It takes a real man to be the best woman. We outclass and outperform you even in your traditional gender role.
Tranny. Fat just absolutely turns me off.
Shes not fat enough for me to reject her and I'd much rather fuck a wet pussy than go near a mans asshole.
I take the fat XX female and this is so obvious to me it doesn't even rise to the point of being a decision.
I said both only because I want to slam the fat fuck in the asshole as hard as humanly possible with no lube, then beat her for being fat, but go gentle on the trans girl.
Yes, fake women are more attractive than stinky, repugnant blobs of fat with a vagina. Like >>73102862 says, they chose to be like that. The troon at least tried to be beautiful, even if they failed because of traits they lack/have that were out of their control.
That's like saying you'd rather eat playdough spaghetti than crappy spaghetti like kays cooking because hurr durr at least the play dough spaghetti tried to look more like spaghetti
Dammit I dropped my pic
comparing food to people
I can just tell you're fat.
god i fucking wish that were me (the hot tranny)
Absolutely the fatty. No question. Unless the tranny was fat, then I'd have to weigh my options.
Pun intended.
I can't think of any other comparison where the fake is as disgusting as with a tranny to a woman it actually makes sense
Tranny as long as she's cute faced
the reply to this as a straight man should be obvious... but hear me out... fat women are not even human.
That's because they're incompatible comparisons. For example, with your food analogy, you compared poison with ill-prepared food. A better comparison might've been something like diet soda(fake sugar, doesn't do as well as the real stuff) with real soda that tastes disgusting. Both are similar in that they're soda, they're both disgusting, but one is trying to taste good with what it has and the other has the necessary component to make soda good and fucks it up.
In picrel? 100% tranny. /pol/fags seethe and screech but if something looks like an attractive female, then it's attractive. To disagree with this is purely political.
but has peenor hurr durr
But it still LOOKS like an attractive female. Just accept it.
I'll take right. Anyone who says left is just gay and coping poorly.
You're coping by "having standards" as if you were ever prestented with an option of fucking anything but your hand.
I've seen far uglier fatties than picrel, right all the way.
Trannies are poisonous though if you fuck one it is worse than being gay. So they are like play dough food
Fucking a tranny once isn't likely going to send you to the hospital, just like drinking diet soda once won't. Drinking nothing but diet soda will likely fuck your health over. The playdough analogy sucks ass.
Playdough won't send you to the hospital it's just not good for you
I want to see left fuck right
Playdough won't send you to the hospital
Are we talking a bite or a meal? You eat a whole meal's worth of playdoh and you'll risk an impaction which will require a hospital visit.
Fatty because anal is disqusting and doesnt feel good at all. Literally lost all gay thoughts after trying anal with my girl
I've tried it with my girl and it feels good, just different. Plus you can rawdog and creampie. Dunno wtf you're doing wrong anon
Did you just stick it in without doing proper prep..?
Tranny as long as they have a cute face and dont look like a man.
both if they're hot
The fatty is actually a woman so, I would fuck her.
Why are you trying to convert him to buttfucking when he already has a vagina to fuck 
Fags are demented
Would you rather fuck a tranny or a fatty?
i would take the tranny desu but he has to suck me off, im not fucking him.
Well considering I only like fat girls the choice is obvious.
convert him
Nigger, I'm concerned this retard stuck his dick in a shitty asshole because he just watches porn and doesn't think.
not gonna lie the thought made me diamonds
Virgins shouldn't talk, so shut the fuck up. Anal can feel just as good imo.
goes to hell when paradise is 1 inch away 
Fag brained dark sided
Have you fucked both? No? Then quiet down child
There isn't a single passable tranny in the world.
There aren't but that doesn't mean there aren't trannies I wouldn't fuck.
Cheeck the jawbone hahaha you're bi/gay. The romans were the only faggots I respect
Fatty every time. Some fat girls are actually really pretty, except they're covered in a layer of lard and cellulite. I can make a fat woman thin through healthy practices like dieting and excercise. But I can NEVER make a man into a woman.
Fatty every day of the week
You can smell the y chromosome of men
Straight guy here, I'd choose left over right every single time.
And no, refusing to have sex at all is not an option.
Yes it is. What's the value in finding out that that someone forced to chose something means anything? It's like asking if you rather be covered in human shit or dog shit, 99% of people would rather neither ever touch their skin and your example echos this as well. The majorities will disregard both without a second thought in the real world, and I wager many would actually risk harm or even death to avoid both if in a situation where they were forced.
You say that like it proved anything
Would you rather eat a poop or a turd
be femboy, fucking a fatty, while on hormones to satisfy the fatty's fetishes
The fatty, but normal fatty, no the american kind with extra cheese
Fatty >>>> Tranny
AAANNNND were up to 21 votes for fatty vs 15 for tranny. Will the fatfags win or will the troons clinch the victory???
Easily choose the fatty because homosexuals will burn in hell.
Pic related definitively proves fatso > tranny
Fatty easy choice. The thought of fucking a man makes me wanna puke.
fatty. Chushion for the pushing and they have low self esteem so you can do dirty, dirty things with them.
troons on suicide watch
Tranny. It's so funny that this thread is full of fat fetishists, guys that would fuck any type of women no matter how ugly and groteseque she is instead of any type of man, and bisexual/prison gay guys
I'm saying this as a guy that actually has standards for women
I'm going with a tranny. I'd rather drink my own cum and piss than fuck a fatty.
They aren't human.
The best part is the
HECKIN CIS WOMAN
part, as though the troon thinks normal people actually talk like that lmao
Well why can't I have both?
I hate fatties with a burning passion and i think trannies are gross. All in all id rather plug my nose and fuck the tranny, only doggystyle so i dont have have to see the dick, cum as fast as i possibly can and GTFO. With the landwhale i wouldnt even be able to get hard, they dont look like humans, its like looking at a basketball with droopy tits, it would extend the time i have to share my presence with her by multiple times what i prefer. Not the mention the smell of a fatty, its like walking by a gas station restroom, just a mix of dried piss, shit, and mold.
