Wtf is wrong with these guys. 
Smh, how dare we teach kids to not be racist.... thought he was just going to hop on the train of complaining about the LGBT books, blows my mind that he actually pulled out multiple books like this, and the video has so many likes and comments agreeing that it's the end of the world....
Thank God there is an ocean between these retards and me
"Antiracism" is and always has been code for "racism, but it's good when we do it"
I 100% guarantee that book has some shit about how being colour blind is racist and you have to actively be racist to make up for past injustices. The dude is right to be concerned.
Antiracism is code for intitutionalized racism against whites. It's not 2016 anymore, people know what the propaganda really means.
Kids are already taught these things, though. They learn from their peers far more than books written by adults, anyway.
Race-obsessed adults need to go away, along with the ones oddly-obsessed with teaching kids sex.
The books are not banned from the collective, they are banned from schools, where every single book about sex is also banned.
Troonfag
it's scary that there's so many naive assholes in the world like you that think just because you say something is good that it's actually good, like the other posters said, this kind of shit is not about not being racist, it's about being racist to the enemy, note how there's a severe lack of diversity on the cover.
nah he pulls out like 6 random books about black people he's never read and has no idea what they're about. there's no way to see this other than he's racist.
"Antiracism" is literally just code for "fuck whitey".
Based dude. Fuck your disgusting cancer and your attempts to brainwash children with your filthy evil ideology.
Isn't that the supreme court judge? I have never seen a children's book about a supreme court judge, so what makes her so special?
Could it perhaps be the fact that she is the first black woman on the supreme court?
Leftists claim that:
And then they claim to be "anti-racist".
Can you read between the lines, OP? Think carefully about these terms and the way leftists define them.
Racist is just a buzzword you throw at people to smear them.
