Women's standards are absurd
Zero matches on dating apps unless they are whales.
I honestly have no idea what a person can do that is enough for a modern woman.
You are the lowest IQ man on the planet. I hope you suffer and never find a girlfriend
women dont care about all that. they only care about height and face genetics. simple as. rest is cope and needs to touch grass.
You missed white skin. Women love white skin. Especially the woke ones.
Yet you are not tall and look like chad. None of that matters. You listened to the faggots and foids online for advice. An abusive chad can get laid while you wage away. Just be content with being well off in this life. You do not need kids or a wife or the need to be a father.
Should I get a teleporter to go back in time and find a non-modern woman?
Nightclubs and IRL are just as bad. You think a woman on the street or at a bar will talk to you unless you are also getting 300+ matches online?
This. Also advertising your money would just lead to a betabux situation so I highly advise against it.
Exactly. Women don't care about anything except fucking tall white Chads.
As far as I can tell absolutely nothing else matters.
Actually it accomplishes nothing. I put my job title and degree on my profiles and I still get nothing. Women just don't care.
You say you have woman friends then what is the issue? What is hilarious is those friends would call you an incel and turn on you quickly if you said this to them hahaha
What if I told you that that you are the male equivalent of a "whale" in terms of your personality, looks, and status/wealth combo?
The same way you so nonchalantly and condescendingly refer to them is in the same vein of how they perceive you.
Dumb ass hypocrite.
If you are 6 ft or taller with good looks and a job that pays more than 50k you are fine 
It is genetics
How does having female friends help? How do you imagine that works?
Did you not see the videos of models being nazi rapists and pedophiles on tinder and still getting matches? Just stop trying. Get on Omegle instead. I got lots of nudes and even irl pussy from there once
A whale is someone who eats themselves to death due to mental illness and zero self control. I don't do that. So no I am not the same.
The equivalent of a fat woman is a fat man. I am neither.
I dont care, moron. For me yes it was easy to meet girls in real life, while getting zero matches online. I always knew online was retarded and I hope you suffer. Maybe you should try speed dating next you fucking loser.
You are supposedly well adjusted enough to have female friends so just ask them. I would never have female friends unless I was fucking them
How does Omegle help? If you're not a supermodel, they will just next you. Same as Tinder.
if only that were true
:/
i guess i'm just lazy.
I actually did do speed dating a few times. Waste of time. They talk to you, smile, laugh, seem super impressed "Wow you do ___?!?" and then only the fat ones want to meet you after.
How do you meet women? Are you a tall white Chad?
Having a normal social circle means those people will introduce you to other single women they know. And they will encourage and guide a relationship because they already trust both of you. 99% of the work for any meaningful relationship is usually done by friends and family, even if you meet by other means. My relationships only worked out when my friends vibed well with the girl.
No. And I already said fuck off. You vindicate and justify every belief I have about this board. Stay away from women, im sure those apps are fun.
Ask them what? For sex? I'm not attracted to them first of all, and they are married or settled down with guys I like and are my friends too.
I was talking to one once about not getting matches online and she said "yeah it's probably just you're height and race."
I respected her honesty. Unlike most women.
Well Im not a model and I got pussy on there more times than not. I surely dont think of myself as a model. You can try the text only feature. I actually got two Stacy lites to send me nudes and videos and one of them was a relationship irl for a few months.
Damn, even I already got some hookups in tinder. Guess you have pictures
No that's not how it works unless you are living in a fantasy land.
If you have friends you will hang out with those friends and do things together. That's it. That's how friends work.
It's not some teen movie where everyone is throwing "cool parties" every weekend. You go out with your friends to have a dinner or play video games or go to some event and then you go back to their place to hang out and eat/drink or you go home.
Eunuch trannys and foids need to eat a bullet and stay off this board 
At least she was upfront about it. And so? I flirt with my coworker who is married and she sends me pics of her on vacation often.
Are you white? Tall? Handsome?
You can't accept the reality that you're a male-whale.
Doesn't matter the path. What matters is the end result.
And in the end you're both the undesirables on the dating apps.
So don't cry when you're called a male-whale, or rejected, or swiped left on, or having to face the reality that you don't match women's standards today.
Or actually, keep crying like you are doing now.
No and no and maybe?
Were they fat? How did you get matches? Are you a tall white guy?
Dating for white guys is like a joke.
Tell that to the failed normies who somehow dont know where to meet women.
Women being mentally ill doesn't change basic reality.
Women can believe every guy under 6' is unacceptable but all it proves is they are mentally deficient and incapable of basic thought.
you're a retard.
learn how to make friends. go outside. go the a ball game. go to some social events. talk to people. realize dating apps are for whores to get free diners and undesireable inexperienced idiots like you who have no social skills to meet someone real.
Yes. Some of those things include hanging out. Are you genuinely retarded? If your friends dont help you get laid then you are not friends.
while i do agree with this, the caveat is they will never introduce you to their hot friends - only to the subpar ones that won't leave them feeling jealous.
I talk to people for a living. I have never met anyone at a ball game. That is fantasy nonsense. I have enough friends. How many do you have? How many do you think a person should have? I have only so much time each week. Having friends has nothing to do with getting dates.
That's because 
1) Most women don't have hot friends - most women are overweight and only friends with overweight women.
2) Any woman who is not overweight will only date supermodel men and everyone will know it so they won't waste their time.
excuse me while i turn into an alien face hugger
Who the fuck goes to a ball game to talk to people? Last time I went it was because my gf at the time paid for the tickets and all I had to do was fuck her constantly
How do you get chicks on Omegle? I've met 1-2 girls on there I actually talked to for more than an evening. 
What's your strategy?
It's reddit tier advice where people imagine that random people are talking to random people everywhere IRL even though they've never done it themselves.
Meanwhile most women will look at you like a rapist if you try talking to them randomly without looking like a supermodel first.
sad but true
They couldn't help me if they tried. They don't know any attractive women from any evidence I've seen.
Slim women are like 1-2% of the population nowadays.
When you are social enough you dont really think of your friends as hot or subpar, you delusional snake. There probably is some truth to the sentiment but for completely different reasons. Girls playing matchmaker want to help their psycho friends first, and guys want their boys to be unchained.
Good for you. You will never even try to meet them. Youll keep looking at pictures on the internet instead.
I've joined dating apps, gone to speed dating, tried talking to women at clubs, gone to gyms, gone to concerts, lived my life. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing.
If having low body fat makes you top 1% then I am top 1% too.
women wouldn't give a shit if the guy was a cashier at Walmart if he was an 8/10 looks and taller than 6'
you can always make more money but you can't get taller and change your genetics
Nice! You get what you deserve then. Still single yeah?
They don't care either way how much money he makes. They would rather live on government assistance and be poor than date a guy who isn't a supermodel.
You're acting like a pussy beta male. 
$300k/year
Get passport see the world not women.
Exercise daily, BMI 20
Good health is important
Could afford to go on fancy trips multiple times a year
But do you?
Perfect hair
So you're an Incel Beta male. 
At least a 5/10 facially
So you're an Incel Beta male. 
You are probably out of many women's league once they know everything about you. Online they know little. You should try seeing the world or consider the dating apps for wealthy people.
Yeah, okay Reddit.
If Im on text mode, I just make jokes. If I do video, its just based on looks.
Stop listening to faggots on jewtube and kikeddit. What matters is face and height
My game is great on text mode. I just mean what tags do you use etc?
Avoiding healthy women means you deserve to die alone. Im here for it when you realize the mistakes you are making. Keep posting.
Yeah at least twice a year but I need someone to go with so often just go with a cousin or family member as my friends are mostly married or settled down although sometimes we still travel.
I have been debating travelling solo and maybe I will try it some time. I don't have much to lose.
Fat women aren't healthy. Fat acceptance is woke nonsense like the notion of pregnant men.
Most guys already have a face and height. How many boyfriends do you know without these?
Healthy is not fat, you dumbass. You are still single, right? Lol
None. I just go in and see what happens
I see. Lots of bots then?
Imaginarycels are seething
You're acting like a women that is desperate for marriage. 
Are you one of those Incels that thinks that women don't care about the wealth and status of a man? 
Also do you actually think women want to be the bread winners and support a man?
who hurt you my sweet summer child?
Why do you people do this to yourselves? Priced out of the market? Move the fuck on. Love isn't for everyone.
Yes but you get lucky sometimes. I met a gf on there who was perfect. 18, big tits and ass, virgin, everything. It was the only time I was ever happy every day. It ended eventually because the distance was too long but it was the most fun I ever had. She would have been the only one I would have travelled for. She was that perfect.
It was cope mald seethe. No cap, ong. Incels dont exist.
No. No woman demands all of that. These posts get so annoying after a while. What's the point of just going online to be intentionally overdramatic and lie and get a bunch of other people to circlejerk over it when you all know is a gross over exaggeration? I don't get it
I'm glad to be single. The only women I can date are fat and I have no interest in that whatsoever. You can have them if you like. I'm not taking them.
No. Like everyone else? Short white guy. You just need to know how to talk
You cannot say that here. Women are all perfect and the majority of men are ugly according to the faggots online that Incels listen too and accept without questioning.
especially the yellow ones
So is being alive. You arent owed safety or a life in general. Niggers can just rape and kill you. I will laugh at your suffering
Absolutely I don't believe women care about it to any significant extent because if they did I would be getting more options.
Women PRETEND to care about money and success and stability but they really only care about height/race/face.
Yeah pretty much everyone I've met are too far. Glad to see I'm not crazy.
Based. Intentional or not this fuels the feminists easy for years to come
No. Men and women are different. That matters far less for a man, other things matter far more. Being fit is essentially kind of worthless for a man. It doesn't hurt sure, but it's the bare minimum, it doesn't really mean much.
Congrats. I wish I had that.
The truecel with the glasses. wow I hope he is Canadian. I would apply for euthanasia
What do you think I'm lying about? All those things are factually correct for me and I can't get any matches or dates unless they are overweight whales.
These Incels enjoy the fetish of being an Incel. They like the group and enjoy the demoralization. It's a fetish.
If being fit makes you top 1% then I am also top 1% and should have no problem getting one.
Stay single please.
Its absolutely mind boggling to see men who clearly abandoned their own community focusing on beauty and first impressions. PUA died like 15 years ago but their ashes are still scattered here taunting this shit board.
Exactly. Women only care about height/race/face. That is the scam of being a man.
Women will lie endlessly but at the end that's all that matters to them.
same. its over for deathnic manlets
All those things are factually correct for me
So why do tons of men without those things get gfs, wives and casual sex?
Sounds like a you issue. If other men who don't have those things are getting decent women, you gotta figure out what the difference is between you and them, because it's not anything you've listed so far, since men failing many of those criteria get women.
It's like emotional masturbation for them lol
I'm not an incel. To be incel I'd have to have zero options. I don't have zero options. I only have fat options. It's disgusting.
Technically I'm volcel.
if
Are you capable of reading, schizo? The anon literally said he is only interested in the top 1% of women, and thats who he decided represents all modern women. Its like saying that modern men are too rich because bill gates exists.
Because:
1) They are tall/white/handsome Chads
or
2) They are fucking fat women
or 
3) They are worldwide celebrities
or
4) They spammed so many women eventually they got lucky or just hit the jackpot with good luck off the bat
I have known loads of men and the only ones that could date attractive women were tall white Chads.
This is literally a thread about a man who only cares about a hot 10/10 model
You're a fool and Incel/Blackpill has set you up for failure.
I don't believe women care about it to any significant extent because if they did I would be getting more options.
You ignoring evolution is typical for Incels
They care lot about everything but you acting like a woman is what is really setting you back. You caring about women and chasing is typical behavior for weak beta incels.
You are the one who said "top 1% of women." I just said that only 1-2% of women are thin anymore and those are the ones I want to date. I am eating a salad having worked out. I don't want to date fat women.
If that means I want "top 1% women" then I should be a "top 1% man" by the same proxy since I live the same lifestyle and have the same fitness.
dating apps are for casual sex and for casual sex women want the gina tingles
regardless u need to be able to get gina tingles out of a woman if u are going to be a husband though so if your gf wouldnt swipe right on you on tinder i would not recommend marrying her
you have to take the whitepill man, it's the only way.
you've already found the problem, now you just gotta focus on the shit you can change. what is it? I don't fucking know, I'm a robot posting on 4chan
You are a clown.
If that is the standard then I am also a 10/10 model since I am not fat either.
Weak bait but you are also probably a sexless loser
i don't want you to have any female friends
If you are 10/10 then you easily have a lot of options and meet every girls standards. Nice job proving yourself wrong.
So if I wanted the 1% fattest and 1% ugliest women those would be the "top 1% of women"?
That's not how it works.
Yes, There is a pattern to their stories. They are not sad just men that enjoy the "pain" of Incel. 
Incel, Vocel, Cel this and cel that. You're an Incel and the fetish of being a Sad lonely Incel.
Who would have thought
Even homeless unemployed obese women have thousands of options. The number of options does not dictate the quality of a person.
They would be your top 1% you dumb fuck. But youre not even talking about fetishes, you are talking about normal beauty standards. Yes, the 1% of women you have in mind are almost everyones top 1%. Are you single?
I'm not sad. I'm mildly lonely. 
Holy shit, the cope is to strong
That is exactly my point and frustration. I work out, I am wealthy, I am popular, and I still can't date anyone except a whale because I wasn't born a tall white Chad.
Being a man is a joke.
Meanwhile all a woman has to do is not eat the fridge to be "top 1%"
You're both. Sad for crying on 4chan. Sad for thinking this Incel/Blackpill shit is real. Sad for being an Incel. 
You're lonely because you're a faggot beta Incel.
You cant date because you are doing nothing to actually meet those types of women. You said some shit about dating apps, LOL. Are you still single btw?
Even ugly NEET incel men who sometimes think they have a woman mindset have billions of options.
Cool story bro. What's your favorite subreddit I bet it's awesome.
What would qualify as "something" to meet those women?
Also what kind of question is that? If I was dating someone or married why would I be making this thread?
My man, stop, get some help, your baits don't work
The BMI one is fine as long as they're not fat themselves (which we know is almost never the case though).
Owning a car is fine but not the house. Rest is bullshit yeah.
Too scared to answer it, retard?
Yes I'm single. Do you have anything useful besides "date fat women" which I already know I can do and have no intention of doing?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Wait sorry I just 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Meanwhile all a woman has to do is not eat the fridge to be "top 1%"
LOL, You think all women are perfect? 
You think their are no ugly women?
Have you seen a woman without makeup?
I know you're not wealthy because you seem to not know about Debt levels of women. Women hold the most debt world wide but you think women don't care about money of men.
Not being single is not impressive. Any idiot can date a whale. It's not hard.
I never said that. I was replying to his claim that me wanting a slim woman means I want a "top 1% woman".
will going to europe improve my chances with women?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH look at this dude 
HAHAHAHAHAH
Also I have no reason to know or care about women's debt levels. I am not dating them so it is not my responsibility. Also I could pay off most women's debt in 1 year if I wanted to. It is irrelevant.
I care more about their body fat % than their debt. I can pay them out of debt but I can't pay them skinny.
I had several profiles and posted on FDS. I Larped as a feminist for a long time. Good times.
lmao. I'll give you credit for that one.
Got any better ideas? I have not yet tried yoga classes but I'm not optimistic. Probably get banned if I start trying to hit on women at one.
What is your race and height? Also what is your general location.
First of all you would go to Pilates not yoga if you wanted to creep on single women, you dumb piece of shit. Second you clearly do not care about body fat
Why pilates not yoga?
And yeah, I find any excessive body fat pretty gross on anyone. Myself included.
Bet he is average height and some shade of brown.
Pretty good guess. Roughly yeah.
Oof big sad
This is how I know you're larping. Women hold the most debt but Incels think they don't care about the money that men earn. They do care and they care a lot. Women are liars to maintain a feminists frame. Go on Seeking and you will see first hand. Women care a whole lot.
FYI, Wealthy people do care about the health of an economy. The financial health of a nation matters and the higher up the financial pyramid you go the more you would be looking at everything related to money. 
Women crying about not enough economical attractive men is another clue. 
But please continue to not understand women and think like a faggot incel.
100% spot on. Be grateful you live in a country that gives you the perk of general safety.
I am considered attractive but my experiences with the opposite gender have not been all that great. I really think that INFP types are not as accepted or percieved as well when it comes to other men, and thus I think this is a real dilemma, and is one that I find quite aggravating at times. I don't always test that easily as an INFP and I don't put a great deal of emphasis or stock into the MBTI, but there is a bit of correlation and truth to what's can be found most obviously. I find for example, being introverted can be a huge problem, though I don't know if the women who are in question, if they were unable to comprehend this because they were more extroverted. I mean I don't think the MBTI explains it all either, but it's a difference between people that you can observe and make note of. 
Being super obvjective also is not always superior, or the most truthful course and and reasoning to adhere to, but you see that majorily this expectation for men to think in this specific way, I don't know if I would call it analytical but it's like you are expected to interpret and receive information in this certain way. 
Most people are really conditioned and indoctrinated to think in a certain way, thus it is very difficut to really move beyond this. I have realized that well for one, what is it that gives you value as a man? I don't think it makes me any less of a man, thus I am left simply finding it peculair, but there can be a somewhat fleeting sense of strength within numbers at times.
You are absolutely delusional. That shit matters maybe to investment bankers and politicians.
I get paid my $300K for doing my job then I go home and live my life. I have no reason to care about any of that.
I know for a fact that even listing my job title (which everyone on earth knows would pull me that kind of money) still gets me little to no matches and only a few likes from whales.
Factually, it is not that "women don't care" but rather they care about other things far more.
People have done experiments claiming to pedophiles on probation and get hundreds of matches. Why? Tall white Chad. What actually matters.
When women complain about economically attractive men they mean 6'+ white handsome economically attractive men.
Not 5'7" or 5'8" yellow/brown economically attractive men.
fucking typos I swear to god, I think the layout of 4chan sets off kind of a latent dyslexia I have or something it's quite strange.
This place is like a right wing echochamber. People just come out here to post the same derivative opinions over and over again against their keyboard.
Also I DID go on seeking and it was a shit show. You can get replies but 99% of the women will flake on you and never show up to a meet even if you offer them loads of money for it.
Seeking is a LARP for women to make themselves feel valuable. They don't actually show up for anything or follow through.
I met three. One there was no connection with. The others were all at last 10-40 lb heavier than their pictures.
Seeking is a joke. Fatfishing should be a criminal offence.
Maybe I will go back anyway and try again.
What on earth was "right wing" about anything in this thread?
Is it "right wing" to not want to date fat women?
Yet you are still here, kike. Go back to Niggeddit
Dark skin in USA makes it over. Any girl will be thinking she is dating down, or is some nigger fucking whore at best if she is interested in you and you have dark skin.
None of these things You mentioned matter as much as skin color. 
Then there is height, controversial take, but I would say being taller than most women is enough. 5 foot 10 is ok in USA but every inch lower hurts the rest of your rating, and at around 5 foot 6, any women dating you will think she is dating down and you will need to majorly make up for it.
6 foot+ guys get thirsted after for height fetish reasons, but I dont think there are many women in reality that will think under 6 foot is a deal breaker, given you are taller than them.
Oh yeah, and good luck keeping any woman if ur under 5.5 inches or so.
Yeah and the average height for 2 billion men at least on this planet is 5'8".
Game over if you aren't born white.
Honestly I live in Canada and it's kind of frightening people honestly want to like kill me because I can't really go along with the neo-liberal agenda of austerity all that well or easily so my experiences aren't really all that great, I don't really know what to think. 
I think a lot of women objectify men as much if not more then men have been chiefly blamed with for supposedly doing to women. I have had some recent experiences with chinese women showing interest in me, but in all honesty the majority of the chinese people I meet, since they derive their identity from inflating their intelligence levels, they attempt to play mind games with you quite commonly and thus the chinese women I have found I caught them trying to play mind games, it's quite aggravating.
Depends if you are going after white women. The womens height matters too.
Well reddit just seems hollow and devoid of any meaning it's not too different from 4chan, but the site doesn't really make that much sense. But with 4chan it just feels like you have the equivalent of human animals serving the purpose that you would find in a zoo with chimpanzees and guerillas bashing out the same conservative rhetoric time and time again on their keyboards.
Canada is one of the worst western countries culturally before Australia imo
No it doesn't. Just like you said, they all consider nonwhite men dating down.
And nonwhite men (except blacks) are all 5'7"-5'8" ON AVERAGE (meaning half are below that).
Being born white is the #1 most important thing to getting women.
If you are white it is a joke. You are likely to be 5'10"+ and then you are tall and white and you can be homeless and still get 100+ matches.
Again: What specifically was "conservative" about anything in this thread?
that is yet to be seen apparently, time will tell
they pay those ones. Imagine showing up and all the females were whales. You would just leave. You got played.
I mean, not for someone like lil man J. Look at that white genetics failure. I am saying that being taller than the woman is mainly what is important. Average height of white women is different than Latin women for example, so you have more height to work with. Idk though. Maybe you can be viewed as equal or a little above at best. White is very important, but not like rope without it.
But honestly I think the idea that being a 6 ft white guy is a requirement is untrue. It is obviously better though.
Na. I mean I can visibly see they are impressed by my job. Everyone everywhere is. It just doesn't manifest into results because it's like finding out someone can solve a rubix cube in 30 seconds. 
Like it's cool but it doesn't matter to you personally in your day to day life.
Sure you can look like Taylor Lautner or Mario Lopez at 25 years old and then you'll get women too.
Who gives a shit. It's completely unattainable no matter what.
State your height as none of these matter if you're being filtered out from the get go.
You must be nonwhite and short, it is why you keep avoiding the question. Race height and location are probably the number 1 important thing before anything.
I never avoided the question. Yes obviously I am nonwhite since I keep saying so over and over and I'm 5'8".
The entire point of my thread is absolutely nothing matters to women unless you are tall/white/handsome first and thus life is a joke as a man.
I woudlnt say so, just lower success rate, not impossible though. 
You can be nonwhite and get a decent looking nonwhite girl I am sure.
Ive seen dozens of nonwhite guys who have a girlfriend. Your full of shit
I never said you can't get a girlfriend. I could get a girlfriend. She'd just be fat and gross.
And yes, some people win the lottery every year too.
Have you tried non-white girls? A massively lower percentage of women will have a JBW complex if nonwhite.
You can 100% get an Indian GF lol
You are delusional. My sister is nonwhite and she has exclusively her whole life dated tall white guys and even married two.
I get likes from a random number of women online of all races. There is no race that likes me more except for some reason if any it is Chinese girls. I'm just not into Asian women.
Black and Asian noses are weird to me.
Maybe OP is lying about 5/10 face., and maybe he is skinny, in a feminine way, not muscular or lean.
I can 100% get a white/black/asian/indian/mexican or any race of girlfriend. I never said I couldn't. I said the ones I can get are all fat and/or disgusting.
Yes I am skinny. I said BMI of 20. I am not muscular. I work out daily but would need steroids to be muscular. I have worked out my whole life. Only white and black guys can commonly get muscular without drugs or rare genetic types. 
That's why virtually all professional athletes are white/black.
lol
Look at any nation whom whites have buck-broken and experienced no to little retaliations, you'll find the most with JBW complexes there.
That is an anecdote, how do other countries even reproduce if all ethnics date white guys? How do those numbers even work nigga? Ur sister is not the majority clearly. Obviously nonwhite is willing to date nonwhite.
There are not enough white men in other countries obviously. If even 50-100 million white men moved to China or India they would eradicate the Asian/Indian men there from dating or sex completely.
So what race are you? Also sent a photo of what you consider your bare minimium.
Oh yeah also does your dating profile show you going on expensive vacations? And show that you have a nice car? And show that you own a house and a car?
You see this >>73108846
Ask yourself why these two specifically, why China and India?
Answer is here >>73108829
I don't know how to show my house. I don't have a mansion. It cost over a million but it's not much to look at. Real estate in my area is expensive. I drove a Mercedes once but not now. I just have a midrange car since I'm not into fancy cars. 
I have tried pics of vacations but I'm not at the financial level of a private jet and anyone's vacation pics look the same. Nothing special.
I'd say about 1-2% of women meet my standards nowadays since most women are fat or chubby and I'm not into it.
Odds are just not great. Probably I am doomed. In the 1970s almost every woman would meet my standard. Now? No chance.
The problem is that you dont even deserve a chance. You are so far below what is even the bare minimum, it would be better to just tell you to try dating apps. Theres a good reason Im dating a skinny girl.
Those still arent the majority of countries, that is bad logic. Im just talking about the world as a total. China and India arent invaded or whatever, and ethnic communities exist around the USA. 
Idk why you are like anti-inspiration.
no smart man would marry in the united states
What's your race/height? Are you handsome?
Im short and nonwhite. are you somehow single?
You would have to set things up very carefully. I am not even dating currently but I have already consulted a lawyer on how to arrange my finances so that I can protect them the best and get a prenup that will also stand up the best.
Getting married as a man is incredibly dangerous and it would take a great deal of effort to not get raped by it if you have anything for her to take.
This. You either get married at age 20-22 or you are just too stupid to get married ever.
Congratulations. I'm happy for you. How did you meet her? If she dumped you tomorrow, how would you meet another skinny woman?
It's actually better to get married AFTER you become successful (if you do become successful) because you have a better chance of protecting your assets. If you get married early before you succeed at anything then she is definitely entitled to half of everything you earn forever if you do succeed later.
This would only apply to trophy wives and even in that case you are trading your money for her youth. its 2023, divorce rates have gone back down and most of the time the wife makes just as much money or more, so a divorce just gives you both nothing.
Ur a Pajeet that will only settle for a cute white model. Its rope time buddy, or maybe go groom some high schoolers.
I tell this advice to stupid white guys but secretly me and my brothers got married in our early 20s because we had actual experience with the real world. Im probably not going to be a sigma grindset millionaire like you but at least I have kids.
Like normal. I just socialized. Are you single?
This is the top 1% of women, I guarantee you most women don't actually require most of this stuff.
Look at any nation whom whites have buck-broken and experienced no to little retaliations
It's a present perfect tense, anon, so never have I intended the buck-breaking to be in the present. 
It enough for women of a said nation to see the invading side in better light if the men of that same nation haven't decapitated who invaded them and bathed in their raw blood. 
Okay, that was a bit of exaggeration, but in general, violence between men is the main determinant for women sexual choice when it comes to race. 
have buck-broken
It's a present perfect tense, anon, so never have I intended the buck-breaking to be in the present. 
It enough for women of a said nation to see the invading side in better light if the men of that same nation haven't decapitated who invaded them and bathed in their raw blood. 
Okay, that was a bit of exaggeration, but in general, violence between men is the main determinant for women sexual choice when it comes to race. 
Do not waste your time conversing with him, he is a short pajeet with a white only policy, and 1% of white woman. He needs to be a millionaire.
I know.
You would never say that to a woman because a woman can be any race, but a man can only be white.
That's good. You should be happy. I would rather have what you have but it's not an option.
Getting dates with anyone I find remotely attractive is the hardest thing in life for someone like me.
I wish. Most women dont even get a chance. Men are fat and gross which nobody wants.
And this is exactly the reason blacks are at 1st/2nd place in dating popularity (depending on what side of the propaganda you are) basically because their subculture is of pure violence (thuggery)
Every single time they riot, they will get more popular, and they know it.
No its not
No I am not single. Obviously I am married. Hence this thread.
I like white, Middle Eastern, and Hispanic women.
On the other hand, my sister had a white only policy and she still got up to 4-5 dates a week. Why do you think that is?
I have no idea what you're talking about. Any race or height of women get thousands of matches online.
My sister only dated tall white guys and she could still set up 3-4 dinner dates a week using dating apps.
Im a guy and I could get up to 30 dates a week.
Bruv, how do the countries population keep increasing. Magic? What? Lol clown. No need to complicate things here, Im just talking about what you have in reach.
All ethnic women only date whites? Absolutely not what the fuck. Majority defiantly do not. Past doesnt matter perfect present whatever the fuck, just look at the facts. Majority of nonwhite women date nonwhite men. Yes. Ur sister is an exception.
Ur just a JBW complex pajeet going for models only. You look at 1970s magazines of models as if this is a representative of the past.
Matches doesnt mean anything because of the fake account problem. Most women never even get a chance to date someone they are attracted to.
I agree it's not hard if you want to date fat women. I get likes from fat women. If you want to date thin women it's pretty much impossible.
You are probably a white Chad so of course even that will be easy for you. If I use a white guy's pics I can get matches too.
So I can. give me a 6'+ white guy's photos. Not hard.
Sounds like you are just lazy and low IQ? Its literally easy.
Nonsense. Any non-fat woman can date any type of guy if she wants. My sister dated endless engineers and doctors and all sorts of tall white guys no problem. She actively rejected the uber-Chads because she didn't want to get played but they were options for her too.
Dating as a woman is a joke. it's literally just "stop eating and don't be fat".
Dating apps are for the mentally ill. You are mentally ill.
Your girlfriend is lucky. Most women will never have options.
No I agree it's easy. I could set up a profile with a 6'+ white guy and get 30+ dates in 1-2 weeks. No challenge.
Yes thats literally why I said it was easy. Some retard earlier in this thread said it was impossible for him because he is dumb or something.
Nonsense. Any woman who stops being fat has all those options. Want more options? Eat less.
Nonwhite short guy here, I have 2 skinny girls friends at the moment. It is really easy. Idk what you are talking about. You are probably low iq.
Eating doesnt matter because they dont have any options.
It's impossible to do it without the photos of the 6'+ white guy. Try it with a 5'8" facially average brown/chinese guy and see how it goes.
Doubt it unless you have a Chad face. Taylor Lautner is a "short nonwhite guy" but it's not exactly surprising he could bang any woman in his prime.
Note that these are my only posts in this thread:
countries population keep increasing
Of course, have you fallen for the "we'll breed this race out"-meme, a minority cannot ever organically replace a majority.
Who said all?
Rest was for a different anon, so I will not reply to those.
I date women not photos. Try going outside. You must be white.
Then eat less. Stop being fat. No one is forcing you to eat so much. Live with your hunger and exercise.
Taylor is a girls name so you are probably gay?
None of that shit matters, only genetics.
Have you tried going on a lesbian dating app? I've found a lot more success using an AI generated face of a black chic and next thing I know I'm drowning in lesbian internet roleplay pussy
Taylor Lautner is an actor, anon.
They list money/power because betabux IS an acceptable outcome for them. Cheating with Chad cock is always an option in that scenario. Hell, cheating on a Chad with another Chad, or even with a betabux for the money or other enrichment, are acceptable.
I go outside every day. I don't see any opportunity to meet women. They are not interested in talking to some random short ethnic guy who tries to stop them on the sidewalk and 98-99% are fat so the odds of even running into one is virtually zero.
Do you truly think I would believe you about this?
Bots are getting funny.
For women the only thing that matters is the number of calories you eat each day. (Choices)
For men the only thing that matters is being tall/white/handsome. (Genetics)
Women have it way easier.
Nobody said anything about a sidewalk. You are probably white so you dont know what to do.
No need to "believe", it's a fact that you learn.
His most popular role was in the twilight saga.
If I was white I would just go on Tinder and get 100+ matches. I wouldn't need to do anything else.
My white friends all have hundreds of likes and can order women like pizza.
None of that shit even matters, only genetics matter. A fat Stacy gets options while an unattractive skinny girl has nothing. Women are blackpilled again.
lolwut. Any skinny girl gets 1000+ matches. No exceptions.
Fat women are disgusting. Again, no exceptions.
I swear there is no way you deserve to be dating. Go outside.
Most skinny girls get 0 actual options unlePlease learn how genetics work.
You are a virgin. Good luck with high school.
Based virgin hater. Everyone knows virgins are dumb and still teenagers.
Skinny =/= Marfanoid-progeroid-lipodystrophy syndrome, lol
Using big words even when you are a small whore, why?
Stopped reading there
Go outside
The top 1% owe their fair share of pussy
nah
it's called acting, anon, it's literally their day job. They have a lot of practice pretending to be impressed.
I know a middle aged single mom with 2 kids. She has blond hair and blue eyes, but, when she activates her tinder she gets messages from "rich" guys and the fist thing they say is the allowance they would give her as their gf. It's hilarious.
These guys are just messaging every girl they see
i can visibly see
it's called acting, anon, it's literally their day job. They have a lot of practice pretending to be impressed.
I know a middle aged single mom with 2 kids. She has blond hair and blue eyes, but, when she activates her tinder she gets messages from "rich" guys and the fist thing they say is the allowance they would give her as their gf. It's hilarious.
These guys are just messaging every girl they see
$5000
Guess what? She never responds. No one does. The only girls that care about your job or your money are drug addicts.
All they want is someone who can provide steady and stable ENJOYMENT. They don't care if it costs $5 or $5 million as long as they are satisfied. Keep thinking anyone is impressed that you're a wage slave though.
$10000
Guess what? She never responds. No one does. The only girls that care about your job or your money are drug addicts.
All they want is someone who can provide steady and stable ENJOYMENT. They don't care if it costs $5 or $5 million as long as they are satisfied. Keep thinking anyone is impressed that you're a wage slave though.
$20000
Guess what? She never responds. No one does. The only girls that care about your job or your money are drug addicts.
All they want is someone who can provide steady and stable ENJOYMENT. They don't care if it costs $5 or $5 million as long as they are satisfied. Keep thinking anyone is impressed that you're a wage slave though.
Yeah I know money is not that impressive to women. I already posted my experience with Seeking.com which was a shit show as I said.
But yes, most people are impressed by people with my job. Whether they're women or men or anyone. It's a generally impressive job. It's like saying "I'm an astronaut" - yeah most people would be impressed by that or at least interested. That's normal.
People everywhere are impressed by my job but it doesn't matter since women don't fuck men for their jobs, they fuck them for white skin, tall height, and good faces.
Thanks Donald, very impressive. Yugely impressive. Truly. No one impresses people with their job like you. No one. They just aren't very impressive people to be quite honest with you.
Op's picrel looks like my body! Except my pussy is cuter
Next time you meet someone and they ask what you do, answer that you are a cardiac surgeon for example and see how they respond. There are certain job titles that will consistently lead to people being impressed. It's not complicated. But it won't get you sex unless you meet the looks cutoff first. Which is practically impossible.
My tall white friends in my line of work get laid like rockstars.
anon, you have to ask yourself, are they impressed by your job....or.....are they impressed (or just amazed) that someone like you managed to get the job that you tell them that you have?
Like imagine some random indian telling people he's an astronaut? People would be impressed. Like WOW....this smelly retard achieved all of that? Amazing how much some people can achieve based on the color of their skin and forced diversity hire quotas.
shut up tranny.
Indians actually have the highest per capita income in America. Loads are doctors/lawyers/tech CEOs etc. So that would be pretty stupid. It doesn't matter what race you are. If someone asks you what you do and you answer you're a cardiac surgeon (again as an example) they will be impressed. But it will only lead to easy sex if you are tall and white too. 
Women are not complicated.
this is my favorite meme. Indians all commit massive fraud and 100% of indians lie about their income. lol. just lol.
If you're all so well off why do you all share houses with 20 other indians? It's all fraud. Eventually they just declare bankruptcy, go back to india, and fly back with a new identity. Basically, fuck you, turbojeet.
this is my favorite meme. Indians all commit massive fraud and 100% of indians lie about their income. lol. just lol.
https://ncrc.org/racial-wealth-snapshot-asian-americans-and-the-racial-wealth-divide/
As I understand, this happens because the Indians who immigrate tend to be doctors/engineers/programmers/etc and thus high earning. 
I don't really care what other Indians do though. Fact is I make what I make and it doesn't matter. My white friends who make what I make live like gods. So that is clearly what matters.
Whiteness is everything to women.
My white friends who make what I make live like gods. So that is clearly what matters.
Almost as if the north and south are deleting you from their regions by not accepting you into their their gene pools.
See whites settling in the north of Africa and you will see them exactly in your shoes. 
Whiteness is everything to women.
Almost as if the north and south are deleting you from their regions by not accepting you into their their gene pools.
See whites settling in the north of Africa and you will see them exactly in your shoes. 
Had to repeat it because r9k userbase are usually too autistic to not skip over words.
I have no idea what you're even talking about. I can get dates from women of all races. They're just gross whales.
Yeah, you're getting the least fit and least fertile for that very fact, which you're not alone in having no idea about. Following sloads will be old hags, again for the same obscured fact.
You mean 9.5/10. Rest is irrelevant if you are not a provider cuck, which is just findom perversion every single time.
If you're trying to say that women require white skin to date a man, yes I agree. That is my point.
Being a man is a joke.
The quality of your pics and dating app are really important. That's why feminine men tend to do well on dating apps, since they're used to the Insta/Facebook/TikTok game and have a plethora of pictures to choose from. Traditionally masculine men do not do well on social media because it's a women's world. No man worth his salt gives a fuck about living his life to appear to be living well to others, which is the whole point of Insta etc., and the reason normies have so many good pictures to choose from. Even true Chads have shittier pictures than effeminate men since they have shitty, group pictures while they're drunk instead of buying a lighting display, using makeup, knowing which filters to use etc.
needs 10/10
nothing else matters, don't be silly
fame>face>looks(incl. preferred ethnicity)>height>charisma>status>dicksize>>>>money
What matters especially to young Stacy lic pic rel:
literally my only standard was "dont leave me" and he left
one fucking job
Your only standard is for Chad to not leave you. If you dated your looksmatch he would have stayed.
Now that you mention this, I no longer hate my friends for getting laid. They are actually rich as fuck and have way more money and social skills than me. I am a loser so I can only props them for being the chosen dicks while I rot
nothing is ever gonna be enough though
if its not my looks its my hygiene
if its not my hygiene its my poorness
if its not my poorness its my personality disorder (permanent and lifelong)
and if its not the personality disorder its a cruel joke
No guy gives a fuck if you're poor or not. I'll let you in on a secret, the only two things guys care about are looks and personality. Work on those two things and you'll be golden
Stacy>Avr. woman>Chad>Stacy Tranny>Avr. Tranny>Ugly woman>>>>>>>Avr. man>abomination woman>Ugly man>>>>>>>Abomination Tranny=abomination man>FTM (you must also be severely mental ill to be here)
Even if you are at abomination level, you can still gets lots of simps and sex as 80% of men are considers ugly.
i get it the concept of sex and attention is nice but i used to want actual relationships. i wanted to date to marry and settle down
now that dream is in the dirt knowing what i know now not only about the world but myself
Tell me your height and race and whether you are neurotypical.
It's because you're going for guys out of your league you fucking retard. So sick of these mindless, drone women who fuck guys way out of their league, then assume that's what their own league is. The reason he won't commit is because he's out of your fucking league, it's not complicated. Fucking introspect and have good insight for one second of your fucking life God damn
and still don't have a gf, its not like if you fit the parameters women start harassing you in public. Maybe if you're a celebrity.
lol dude was gay for himself. Also, probably one of the few instances where it's ok if you wife doesn't take your last name
Money does matter, if you are rich or at least middle class you can afford to adopt a pretty young boy and groom him into being perfect hasbando.
It also matters for normal dating too modern men dont pay for women nor own anything and without money you literally dont have anyplace to meet and make out.
The only reason ypu dont have gf is because you arent willing to accept sb as your gf.
What is sb?
Kek, you're not wrong though not having a private place like one of the person's apartment to meet and do the deed is unironically a huge problem for many young people. I am a neet and still live at home, and never would bring a girl here since I don't want my parents to hear me fucking and they probably wouldn't tolerate that either. I wouldn't overestimate how much men caer about money though. I had a girl I met here offer to let me live with her for free but I didn't since she wasn't hot enough
Short for "somebody"
This is why I can't wait for the AI and Artificial Womb Roastiegeddon. I can't wait to start a family with my cute AIsian wife.
I don't meet anyone though, if you're short broke and ugly you still have more chance if you go to college or something
Surely you've been hit on at least a few times. I'm 6 (maybe 6.5)/10 and I've had a 7/10 hit on me. I blew it because I'm a pussy, but I've still had attention
Based, artificial wombs and ai gfs can't come soon enough
With you stats you can just use dating apps and find success there
Based
Imagine wanting a real women in ze current year
NTA but dating apps are fucked, no one should use them no matter what you look like.
Where can you get lots of simps and sex? Online doesn't work
We have all seen piggy woman and literal men in wigs getting unlimited likes, simps and dates online.
So as long as your are in the vicinity of being female you get all that online.
Have you seen them actually get simps and sex? Have you ever tried it yourself? It doesn't seem to work for most real women.
Yes, I have also put on a wig and got all that.
Money, validation, sex, simps and relationships.
It sounds like you solved OPs problem. Male "loneliness" is such a joke.
OP did not try to solve male loneliness. 
He was looking for a modern woman, properly a Stacy from pic rel. 
He should know that those are reserved for Chad.
You guys are saying this and complaining as If women werent made to develop a brain who will always prefer and chose the best mate possible to make offsprings with and pass it to future generations. 
They basically get to decide who can make it into the future. Even birds do this, peakcocking and shit, making pretty nests, puffing up their feathers when they see a female. Its the same thing
Women has standards because it avoids bad experiences, it avoids shitty relationships, it avoids a horrible life.
How dare she for choosing a naturally healthy partner and not you? A drug addict with no capacity to ensure her safety and with a horrible mistreating personality
If you're trying to say that women require white skin to date a man, yes I agree. That is my point.
Yes, what I'm saying is that these women require white skin to date and mate because you're living among the majority who have buck-broken your nation at home.
Nothing isn't.
You are:
Why did you think that was enough for a girl to like you. 
Looks is the bedrock that attraction is built off on. Being rich doesn't matter if she's not sexually attracted to you. It's like saying your house has a beautiful roof but no foundation.
My recommendation is get plastic surgery.
I've thought for a while now that looking at south Korea is a good model for the future of the west. Their obsession with plastic surgery was weird to me at first, but just made a ton of sense. I agree with you, nothing matters more than looks. Shit, the other stuff barely matters at all tbf. The other reason I mentioned them is because of the hikikimori (I understand it's Japanese) problem they had a little over a decade ago. Same with their streamers and AI models they would use as costumes and attract the loneliness people. Now they are paying people to leave the house, and we are having a similar crisis with men here. I wonder what we'll end up doing, probably nothing though sadly. That country and Japan are really homogeneous. They don't like outsiders and wouldn't implement bringing in foreigners to combat the failing population growth. What are your thoughts on what I wrote? Anyone have an opinion?
$300k/year
Nope 
Nope
Exercise daily, BMI 20
Yep
Own my own house and car
Yep
Could afford to go on fancy trips multiple times a year
Nope
Perfect hair
I cut my hair once per year, near bald to shaggy as hell cycle
At least a 5/10 facially
Probably
I didn't speak to women unless I had intentions of dating them to find someone to marry and stay with forever. 
This may be the worst part of advice I've ever seen.
My wife is unironically 10/10. Just talk to women who share interests and eventually someone will have a never ending conversation with you.
Also, better looking girls will talk to men below their level in looks because they know they have nothing to prove.
Also, apps aren't good for anything unless you want a revolving door of blown out roasts.
Either
Unfortunately you don't make enough money for it to be something that you can really broadcast to women without talking to them. I make around 200k and it's still the same way, it really only changes anything if they find out. I'd kill for the extra two inches you have on me and not even for women but just for my athletic goals, you really have no excuse bruh. Fix your shit.
Yup. Sounds about right.
Life is trash if you are born male.
I already did. That's why I'm average or a bit above average looking.
You're probably white and tall and/or handsome. Big deal. Obviously you don't need to meet any other criteria if you have that.
Where am I supposed to talk to random women? On the street? They don't want to stop and look at you like a rapist. This is not real.
I have none of those things (except maybe the face and body) and I date regularly, and I had three girlfriends in the past.
Things are not as bad as you want them to be., You are just making excuses for being shit
get a hobby where you find women. So no weird incel shit like going to the gym (you can still do it but it's not a fucking hobby), learning some weird trade or train spotting. I don't know where you live but there are some hobbies that are dominated by women (yoga, dancing, writing, singing). Pick one of those. If you are not creepy and ugly you will get attention from women
I am not flexible enough for yoga though I have worked on it on/off for a while.
Went to musician meetups and they were 90% men.
Walked past a Cuban dance place one night and it was 8 guys and two women, one of whom was the instructor.
This is fictional reddit advice that you have never done or proven works but yet suggest others should follow.
Also if women considered me good looking I would just get dates online or wait for them to talk to me.
Yeah, because you probably have the things women actually want (white skin, tall height, good face).
Cope whiteboi in the real world BLACK and Korean men are the ONLY ones who get prime PUSSY
You're one acid attack away from knowing the truth.
Just kidding.
If those are the things men and women want, then explain why nonwhite women exist? They will never have a boyfriend.
Nonwhite women date white Chads as well and eventually if they can't settle down with one they will accept another.
I know because I have a nonwhite sister who only dates white Chads.
In countries where there are not enough white guys then yes women date nonwhite guys there.
i have not ever tried it because i didin't need to. I meet people at work, at the university when I was a student, or simply by hanging out with my friends. But if I had none of those things I'd go for the hobbies
Yeah because you have never tried those "hobbies" to meet women. If you're a tall white Chad you can just go to a bar and women will talk to you. If you're not none of it works. I've already tried.
lol. Black women go for black men most of the time so they don't care about this. Asian women also go for Asian men, although they are going for whites more than they did before. And Latinas don't give a fuck, they date men of all races
I'm white and 5'5. 
lol, lmao even. You still got to be tall no matter what.
Are you joking me? No they don't. They go for white men. Most 20-30 year old Asian men are virgin incels.
*truecels
you are still miles better than an Indian 5'5" guy
how has it changed things for you?
Everyone treats you better. More eye contact. People smile more. Easier to make friends. Easier to date whales (though I don't want to).
It makes a huge difference but from my experience you probably need to be a 7+/10 if you're not tall/white to get dates easily with nonwhales. No surgery for that.
Yet I still get the same amount of pussy, 0.
Doesn't make any sense. Men only want white girls.
lmao. False. Scientific studies show Asiain women outperfomred white women and white/Asian/hispanic women do equally on apps.
Women are white supremacists. Stop projecting.
Asian women don't have any chances. They don't have anything that men want (like white skin)
Cool story bro
https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2013/11/30/247530095/are-you-interested-dating-odds-favor-white-men-asian-women
It's not a story, it's real life. Asian woment don't have the things that men want (like white skin)
i hope you aren't pulling my leg, anon. if what you say is true, and you knew everything would be better were you still shocked?
Unless you are in your 30s there are moire places to hook up other than that.
I'm not pulling my leg. I went from a 2/10 to a 5.5/10 from multiple procedures and my life improved dramatically.
Just not enough for slim women who all want tall white Chads.
What are you thinking about doing? 
I was fixing blatant problems so that is easier than taking something that is already "normal" and trying to become a supermodel (impossible).
Yes I was completely shocked the first time. If I knew how much it mattered I would have put way more effort into it.
Looks are the only thing that matter to women. Period. Nothing else.
Where? I am not in unversity anymore and yeah I'm older now. But I couldn't get dates in my 20s either. This is not real.
This. Even balding indian manlet janitors can easily get laid with women if they look good.
Why? What is wrong with you? Even I know where to find girls.
Sounds legit.
I'm a different anon. I'm just asking how someone could be so stupid that they couldn't get dates?
You wasted your whole life bro
Maybe. Can't do anything about it. I don't think it's up to the person. I didn't ask to not be white or not be tall or not be handsome. It's just random chance.
That's like telling a retard they wasted their life by not being born Einstein instead. 
If you know some way to meet women that is not dependent on being a tall or good looking white guy then say it.
Did you join any groups or clubs while at university? Even the smallest ones usually have group gatherings with lots of girls, many of which only go to prospect for a boyfriend. Did you consider trying to find religion? Lot of girls there and you be surprised how many girls go because of family or to even search for a bf with little attachment to the faith. 
Also the real reason you are fucked is because of their said expectations come from your age. Most 18yo girls can't judge a 18yo~24yo guy on wealth or property directly because most don't have that yet. However say you are 28+ then they are curious what you have reaped in those 10 years of adulthood and if you have no more to show for it than a 20yo, then they don't have a reason to dating someone much older.
Isn't 1/3rd of all white men incels living with mom atm?
Are you disabled lol?
Yeah I joined climbing club in university. I got paired with a girl who had a boyfriend and was polite to me. I had female friends in university. I can't fake a religion since I'm not a sociopath but yeah I have gone to church before. Went recently with a cousin who is religious and it was all families and small children with no reproductive aged women at all.
I can't time travel back to university anyway so that doesn't matter anymore.
So basically you can't suggest anything except time travel.
No. The 1/3 of American men who are incels are disproportionately nonwhite. To fail as a white guy you need to be a fat NEET or unusually short/fat/ugly.
Like he said, hobbies. It could even be fucking video games. Just need to be in a situation where you share a similar interest with everyone there. Worst case, you make some friends and the wait for someone stops being painful.
kys
It's ok roasty, you'll eventually find someone who doesn't blame you for eating the fridge.
Nta, but I'm white, normal weight, average looking, 6' tall, and a neet
If you've got anything to suggest I'm open to it. I already tried spamming cold approach on streets and in bars/clubs and it drove me to nearly a mental breakdown from the blackpilling. Online dating is the same now as it was 15 years ago and just as impossible unless you like obese women. Seeking.com was a clownshow with fatfishing and women just seeking validation. 
My only ideas remaining are yoga class (if I can sufficiently increase my flexibility first), spamming nightclubs again (but most women in clubs are fat so it's 99% a waste of time being there), and gong back to seeking.com.
What would you do of those?
Women don't got to hobby groups. I went to a musician meetup and it was 90% men. I have walked into tabletop game shops and it is always 99% men. Even the gym is 90%+ men.
Women sit at home on their couches and get taken out to dinner by men on Tinder when they are bored.
Your thread starts with dating apps and then goes to bar and clubs with you now claiming to have social experience?
Bru you are just making shit up, I won't even point out the other errors here. Whatever your game is you over played it.
the only hope for you OP is to go back to university. Thats the only place you will get a relationship.
I thought you said you can't do anything? I was assuming you're just retarded or something.
Must be either a time thing or you are in a middle east country because I've been in several gyms regularly across the country and women always out number the men in the mornings and they are still abundant in the evenings too. 5am ~ 10am it's usually a bunch of HS/college age girls.
what are you talking about? When did I claim I lack social experience? You think you can get a 10 year degree and make 300K without social experience?
I have spent hundreds of nights out at nightclubs and bars with friends and trying to hit on women. It's a farce.
My tall white friends just show up and women start smiling at them. It's literally just that and the blackpill becomes so overwhelming.
I have joined 3 gyms in my neighborhood and all 90% men. I go in evenings though as I'm not a morning person.
Found the problem. Stop being a dumb shitskin nigger and go hike, look at birds, or something.
And they won't ever need to search outside because every million of women are taking turns jumping on the same 1000 chads' dicks within 2000 miles radius. (Exaggeration noted out for autists)
That's why more women have higher body counts than men in statistics because top-tier men are being shared among women.
kys
I sincerely have thought about it. If I make enough money on my side businesses I might just do that.
Any one reading this under 20, take dating seriously now, you will not get more chances than right now, you can't circle back when you are older because all the girls that would love you for you get snatched up young and all you'll have a chance at old are women/girls that value your money and/or status
It's even worse: Those don't even exist. If women were chasing men for money and status I would have no problem getting them. They don't. They never stop chasing the basics (height/race/face). 
It's a lie they tell men to get them to fall in line. Maybe it was true once but it's not now and hasn't been for at least 10-20 years.
Are we talking older women? Because that is accurate as the closer they get to the wall the more particular they get with height and looks, but unless you are just attracted too and chasing valley girl thots most young girls are way more laid back about things like that assuming your young too. If anything these guys should understand how much of a red flag it is some barley legal teen takes interest in their 30+ old ass. Those situations rarely end well.
gyms have like 50% women.
can you remember things you did in the past that would go south, but now work out? any memories that left a lasting impression on you?
False. I have gone to gyms for years and they do not. My neighborhood 3 gyms all 90% men. Again, I didn't go in the morning so maybe they are there then. Now I wonder.
It's not really anything specific. When I was a 2-3/10 people wouldn't even make eye contact with me or they would make uncomfortable faces when talking to me. Women would ignore you and stay away. 
As a 5-6/10 people at least smile at you, hold eye contact. It's easier to have conversations. Women will be your friend more easily.
In my job people find me more trustworthy now and don't question things I say or do as much. 
I can't say much more than that but it's a huge difference in terms of quality of life. If you are wondering anything more specific let me know.
I can't say "it makes you get laid" because I am still below the looks threshold for that. I would need to be around a 7+/10 probably to be able to get thin women based on where I started and where I am now.
But it is certainly absolutely 100% ONLY LOOKS that matters and there is no question about it.
I'm not chasing old women if that's what you mean. I don't find 30+ year old women attractive.
are you sure you are in top 20% now?
You must be slaying left and right then.
If Indian manlet looked good, he would first of all not be a manlet and secondly he would not be a janitor.
But it is certainly absolutely 100% ONLY LOOKS that matters and there is no question about it.
you really seem convinced by this. 
can you go into detail about women being your friend more eaisly? did you get a silver tongue now because of your looks?
A "silver tongue" is really just being good looking 90% of the time.
It's like how people consider Tom Cruise "charismatic". 90% of his "charisma" is having a good face and smile. That's how it works.
If you put his personality into a short ugly brown guy no one would consider him "charismatic". They would describe him as loud, obnoxious, and overconfident/arrogant.
But since he is good looking he gets interpreted as "charismatic."
My personality didn't change at all but people just reacted to the same things I say differently. They smile, make eye contact, listen to you, trust you.
If you talk to them, they engage more and are more interested in what you have to say. 
My suspicion is once you hit 7/10 you get easy sex because I can see that's the trajectory I just didn't get far enough toward it.
Try changing your photos for a better looking guy online and you can see the same thing. The same jokes, same comments, same questions all of a sudden become "so interesting!" and "hahah so funny!" when they were ignored with your prior face.
It's 100% looks all the way down.
No. I never claimed to be in the top 20% now. I said I'm 5-6/10 as per photofeeler where 5 is average. This is not good enough for women and I am still considered "ugly" by them. Chads only.
any plans to get to that range then since you seem super close as is? has this made you less trusting of women and believe for the most part they are full of it whenever they talk about something relating to men?
you have never been inside a gym.
Chad can still be successful even if he is an ugly indian manlet.
Not really. No practical surgery left for me and I'm too old probably for it to matter now. Probably the only way I can get dates now is paying for them so I'm just trying to get richer.
It taught me that most women are pathological and horrific liars. The difference between men and women is men are more honest and less superficial.
If you ask me what I look for in a woman, I will tell you the races and body weight I find attractive.
If you ask women, they will list all sorts of nonsense like "treats me well, kind, caring, romantic" which contributes absolutely ZERO to who they date. The "must be tall white and handsome" thing is just assumed and they won't say it out loud. I have zero respect for that.
I have one female friend who is tall and when she was dating her boyfriend she said, well I needed him to be X race and taller than me, and there aren't many of those hahaha! And it wasn't a joke. SHe was just being honest. Again, I respect that. Very rare with women.
Women don't value honesty the way men do. Yeah it made me a much "worse person" by Reddit standards because I was forced to see the truth they don't say out loud.
Depressing. If I could have just hit another 2 points higher on the scale or been born there I could have had the easy life like the morons in this thread who claim they get success because they "know how to talk to women" (ie. make the looks cutoff). Would have been nice.
Worked out my whole life. Still do now. I hate body fat remember? Hence my problem? If I was okay with body fat I would have no problems. Of course I work out.
If you hated body fat you would hang out with fit 
and healthy girls. You said you only hang out with big girls.
aprreciate you answering my questions, anon. thank you
Chad is by definition, white, tall, successful, handsome, good looking, attractive and alpha.
Indian ugly manlet is not Chad
None of that shit matters if you look good. Chad can be an indian manlet and still win.
Cope indian janitor, you will never be Chad.
You cant change your ethnicity.
Wtf are you talking about? How do you hang out with fit girls? They're impossible to get dates with. One of my female friends is "fit" but I dont' find her attractive.
I never said I only hang out with big girls - I said i only get likes from whales on apps and there are so few skinny girls they're impossible to get unless you're a tall white chad.
You are mentally ill and you don't care about body fat. I bet you don't even hang out with fit and healthy girls.
Nobody said I was a Chad. I've seen indian janitors easily have sex with women. Women only care about looks, cope.
I don't get why you'd come up with all these numbers but then humbly drop a 
My as well commit and say they require an 8/10 face
Because I'm not bragging about my face. I'm just saying I'm at least average. I got rated 5.5/10 last time on Photofeeler. I might hit a 6/10 with a better photo but no higher. 5/10 is average. So I am at least barely above average.
I only hang out with one slim girl and I am not attracted to her as she is a woke liberal. It is virtually impossible to hang out with slim women as there are so few of them left and they are generally Chad only.
yeah cause you only like fat girls.
Fuck off bragging nigger faggot, you're an asshole piece of shit cum drinker
If this is bragging okay then. I find it depressing and it just proves women don't care about self improvement or anything you can control.
You can accomplish other things in life through hard work but getting women is just physical genetics and nothing else.
If it was genetics then your parents wouldn't be able to have sex. So it proves that it's easy to get women.
Na. Different generation. Different rules. Back then 65% of 20-30 year old guys weren't single while only 30% of 20-30 year old women are.
Women are making chad harems like never before.
Thats not how genetics works, stupid. Youre talking about cultural context, not genetics. And if you dont want to change your personality then its your fault.
Yes, they all expect $300k/year. Only the top 1% have any children or get married or have relationships.
YOU ARE FUCKING: STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thats what you dont understand about mens standards. They dont even try to find a girlfriend unless they have 300k
what the fuck is a 10 year degree anyways. Fucking capitalism always creating new fields that only absolute aspies will get into
It just means you have a degree for ten years. You have to subscribe online for it.
Obviously, who wants to date fucking western women? To they you give dick, cum, get up and left
Its too easy to buss on like 3 girls and then relax with no string attached
It's not, you can meet girls in your day-to-day life, but it's not going to happen often. I have a manwhore friend, who got a date from some stranger he bumped into at a hardware store, while he was picking something up for his work.
He got her on a date, because he noticed her nails were done, complimented them, because his ex-wife used to do them alot. That broke the ice. He saw her at checkout, when he was going back for a drink, but forgot his wallet, so she paid for it, and he asked for her number. 
Point is, OP, you gotta talk to people when you see the opportunity arise. It sucks, because most times you will never get a girl's number, but when you do, it works well. It's a numbers game, unfortunately.
My honest advice to whomever is reading this message. Please, please get off this website.
Gamifying relationships doesnt actually work. But it is true that if you spend 10 hours a day vibing with girls, its only natural that you will get a partner.
I don't give any fucks about women. I want money and power
Literally just grab the biggest whore around and take her to a motel. Just that
What would you spend it on? What type of power do you want?
No. The point is even making $300K is not enough because they only want tall white chads and nothing else matters.
Why would you think money was the only criteria?
Even in business, all the top tiers are looking for the complete man.
It's a package of things multiplied.
So u are 8/10 in money but lacking other attributes so your overall total is low. Then u whine about the rules of the game and wants to change them to fit you.
Money is not the only criteria. The only criteria are height/race/face. Literally that's it. Nothing else.
Not true, sure girls approach me for my height face and status.
But they love it when I first take them to my 4 bed penthouse on the most expensive road in the capital. But they fall in love on the 3rd date when I take them to my beachhouse in the richest city.
I'm even old, but primarily date teens.
Who cares? You can't date them if you don't have the height/race/face so that is all that matters.
That's what happens when you are looking for a relationship as a calculation for a best fit breeding partner 
Straight relationships are inherently soulless
Yes, perhaps you should consider arranged marriage in your own country instead of thirsting over white Stacy.
I don't have a country. I am multiple races, only speak English, and don't know anyone outside my country. Why do you think my sister can only date white Chads and have no trouble doing so?
How did you learn english if you don't know where to meet women?
I was born in an English speaking country. It's the only language I know. The only places I know you can meet women also require you to be tall and white to get a conversation.
Being born in an english speaking country would imply you know where english speaking women are. You have thousands of options. If you need to be white to be there then you literally don't exist.
You don't need to be white to be any place. But you need to be white and tall to get a conversation.
then how did you learn english? you must be white.
Na. But if you try talking to a slim woman randomly in the street or a club she won't talk back unless you are tall and white. It doesn't get a date if she just ignores you or sneers at you or says "I have a boyfriend." You have clearly never tried hitting on women before. I am guessing you are a woman or a child.
I am just being honest. He can find a slim girlfriend anytime he wants.
How? Spam cold approach?
No, just socialize. Never cold approach, it wont work.
There is no such thing as socializing without cold approach. If you don't know a woman how are you going to talk to her without cold approaching her? If your friends are all married and old how are you going to meet a girl through them? Makes no sense.
I dont use autism terms because I dont have brain damage, but your Indian PUA family would call it warm approach or networking. Never cold approach
Again that is stupid as networking has to start somewhere. And if you have no friends who are friends with 20 year old hot girls, all the networking in the world with them accomplishes nothing. This is a fantasy that does not work unless you want your family and friends to introduce you to fat women or single moms which may be possible.
If you are older than 12 years old you have plenty of friends and contacts. You can be out at least 8 hours a day
What do you mean by "out"? Going to movies? Walking around the street? Hanging out at people's houses? Going to concerts? Going to bars or clubs? These are things I've done my whole life and they don't get you dates with slim women.
The street? Are you popular on the streets? Its easy to socialize. You seem inexperienced since you dont have many slim female friends. If you wanted to larp as someone who spends time out then you would have hundreds of them
I still have no idea what you're talking about. I have had hundreds of friends and lived in numerous cities and I have never met or heard of a single person who is "popular in the street" unless you're talking about a drug dealer or prostitute. Do you live in a ghetto? Sounds like something from a ghetto not normal life.
You are the inexperienced shutin that asked about streets. Thats why I wanted you to clarify. I have never heard someone be so clueless that they thing going out means walking on a street. You will learn a lot in middle school
Hanging out with people doesn't get you dates. I have spent years of my life doing that. You are a moron.
Dating people gets you dates. You haven't been out much, because you are a troll.
Dating app data is pretty much the same as IRL. The guys that get no matches are creeping girls out IRL
I am in my 30s. But immediately after college my social life disappeared
Come on man. Men should be able to have a girl that has the same BMI as them.
Why do faggots always lie on r9k if you got plenty of women why are you here and not with them now?
Nope not at all. A woman who is fat still has more options than an above average fitness man. Accept that if you are not top 20% height or attractiveness you will never get anywhere near your looksmatch.
This advice is gay as hell. Female friends will never help you get laid. Why would they lose an orbiter? Also if she truly wants to be your wingman other girls will simply ask her. If he is so great why dont you want him? They will stumble and then the other girl will reject you
that wouldn't make sense. i always got zero matches but have a girlfriend.
The reason why so many men cant simply "touch grass" is becuase they have to "touch grass" alone. What girl is going to enjoy being hit on by a loner?
Friends always help you find someone. Your friends are probably not single retard.
this is why I've cut contact with a lot of people. If you don't care that I'm suffering, then why do I want you in my life
If you are woman that is normal weight you are 8/10 at least. I am pretty sure women weight more than men on average now
Nigger super power of only being able to focus on the present remains true.
Divorce is down because few ppl are getting married. Wealthy men tend tp stay married
You have to find put where women are. Then you will be good
This is big facts. You can literally be a trust fund baby spec ops vet and if you're average height+face it doesn't matter. Loaded, strong, and high status all get wiped out by a couple inches of height and hair. Ask me how I know.
Shit's fucked out there lads.
im asking, tell us your story?
This stupid fucking Incel thread is still going on. You faggots have a sexual fetish being Incels and get off on this shit. No wonder women don't like you. Incel is a sexual fetish.
My dad was the CFO of a Fortune 500 company and acquaintance of Trump's, so basically with the caveat that I can't just do nothing until I'm like 40 I'm currently receiving annual gifts just below the gift tax and will inherit about 10 million in cash and control of a large trust. I was kinda retarded politically in college, so I did ROTC because I thought I was doing a bona fide service to my country instead of being a cog for imperialism. Tbh I just enjoyed the military too much to leave in spite of the political situation; I'd rather at least get to hang out with rednecks and jump out of planes if I have to work for globalhomo instead of working hell hours at some gayass financial company, so when the time came to get promoted to Captain I dropped a Special Ops packet and now as an SOF officer I basically do aid projects to build coalitions in my particular geographic region. It's not Special Forces but it's technically under USsocom, and it's less retarded than anything else I could do with a liberal arts degree so fuck it man, right. Right now my plan is just to retire at 42 and have an extra 50ish grand a year worth of pension to make it to my inheritance and then live off that and capital gains. About 7 years deep into it all and not only am I GFless but still a virgin; I blame my whacky schedule, baldness, and the fact I choose to live low key instead of throwing daddy's money around.
I blame my whacky schedule, baldness, and the fact I choose to live low key instead of throwing daddy's money around.
You're a typical beta male type in the military. Status and career doesn't grant a man a woman. 
Typical for all military due to Dress and Appearance. It shouldn't be a factor at all for any man especially in the military.
I use to supervise many men that would be considered "alpha" but they acted beta. Way to many married some trail trash or got a random woman pregnant.
All of them are so short. Maybe there is still hope for a manlet like me.
You don't get it, they are the selectors in the human species. Unless you can restore agrarian society, there's nothing you can do. This is the new normal
Yes yes very good, however: bear in mind a woman's 5 rating is a man's 8. You will never be able to exchange all your cards for others, you must play the hand you are dealt. 
I have a secret for you: women are so malleable, so pliable, so flexible and gooey and mushy and changeable that you can literally tell them what they want and they'll believe you. If you have a marketing degree you might already know what I'm talking about. The point is that you can be really quite disadvantaged in a lot of ways and STILL find a way to get women through the power of sheer persuasion. 
All you have to do is believe, and they will too. It's that simple. That's the secret of confidence men, confident men, tricksters, hustlers, salesmen, politicians, teachers, sages, gigolos et cetera. 
PUA will teach you how to do this magic, but you can also learn it from classical psychology, mythology, philosophy, religion and esoteric magick. You know why? Because this is the most important subject, bar none, that men have ever had to talk about, and the whole world wants you to understand it. ESPECIALLY WOMEN EVEN THOUGH THEY NEVER WILL. This is by design. If they understood it the human race would go extinct. 
I hope that helps.
