Please explain? What's wrong with some curves?
because shes fat, anon
she's sexy curves are sexy
I'm a blackpilled incel and I have ZERO problem with that body type. No issue at all, in fact that would be ideal for me since at least she isn't morbidly obese and is blonde and white.
But the reality is that hypergamy is rampant and the Overton window has shifted so far that even for a white guy of average height like myself, a woman like that is simply unattainable. And there is no question about it this verdict, because I have been rejected by women of every race, every body type, every age. If you have poor looks in the face as a man, even the most disgusting aged morbidly obese single mothers will be out of your league.
I'd happily bone a fatty, given the chance
Unwillingness to compromise standards despite having no chances.
She's extremely fat. That's gross.
There is currently a thread active right now where robots are arguing why they would rather have sex with a tranny than a fat girl. In that same vein, there's threads hourly about total tranny death.
As much as there is no pleasing /r9k/, you have worse odds pleasing them with a fatty. More for me anyway.
THIS is extremely fat. OP's picture is just overweight. Get some perspective.
She is grossly unhealthy. If she ever has kids theyll have problems. In other words shes not a viable mate, in other words not attractive.
OP's picture is definitely obese, not just overweight. The fact that you can't see that is a sick indictment on our society and how many fatties there are now.
browsing this thread now
the actual despair
So, I can understand if the woman is mega obese and that's too far, but even a little chub is too much for incels? It's honestly really sad that they'd rather bang trannies than actual women.
Op's picture is extremely fat. You have no perspective.
That's not fat to the point where your ass smells bad and have sweat and shit cheese down your asscrack.
I do lolololol
They just don't like my body type
Nah, I'm afraid y'all are the ones without perspective. Is pic related ideal to you then?
She looks a little too skinny, to the point it makes her look older than she is. Way better than being fat of course but quite far from my ideal. Post normal attractive women, not lardass landwhales and not spooky scary skeletons.
I just want a normal sized woman you retard
that's not even extremely fat, that's just plain fat. a girl like Echo or Juliett, that's extremely fat
NEED gf like this
right here buddy right here
mega obese
that's where you draw the line? anything lower is people being impossible to please? 
op pic is not a little chub. are you guys trolls or are your brains that fried from jerking off to 400lb landwhales?
you must choose: anorexia or fupa
Sorry i don't do online dating
I want my wife to have a body like that (though ideally 10 or 20 pounds less). She's normal weight now but I think she's look cuter a little chubby. Of course, that'd also mean she'd be unhealthy, so I wouldn't actually ever encouraged her to get that body.
I'd cum in that. I'd cum a LOT in that.
Are you from the southern hemisphere of the planet earth?
Obesity is disgusting. That woman will likely be 300 lb by 30 years old because people who are addicted to food will never stop eating.
Girls like her definitely need their holes stuffed with big black cock.
She has a cute face shape so she gets a pass. Also no tattoos is a huge plus. 
Is the total opposite. Disgusting.
Girls like this have a short shelf life. They
nothing is wrong with it. Women don't speak to me
Those aren't curved you moron, it's fat. Stop redefining words to fit your pathetic lifestyle.
Those are not curves, she's obese 
t. Latamanon
She's disgusting and obese.. it's so fuckin evident dumbass..
How is that obese lol?
based and kppilled
It's because of the extremely high levels of body fat. Obesity is defined by a bmi over 30. Women start to look fat around bmi of 22.
/r9k/ is one person
I do like women with this body type.
Yes, I unironically like women with thick thicks, fat body, and medium tits.
