Moids wanting to fuck and rape femcels doesnt mean femcels arent valid. Moids fuck corpses and dogs. Femcels want love not degeneracy.
What spiritual powers does fucking the corpse of a paki's daughter grant?
And they say women can't be funny!
Femcels want (and deserve) both love and degeneracy. They deserve a man who gently kisses their forehead before going to bed, after having just roughly fucked her in every hole.
The dead don't deserve their resting place violated regardless of what you mistakenly believe women want.
its literelly all because of women
if they just went out with normal guys instead of being all in Chad Harem then everyone would be happy
They are dead, they can't do anything. It's the necrophiles fault for fucking the dead in all cases.
I didn't mention either of those. I mentioned femcels, who are indeed alive and might be women, but are themselves a subset of women. I know, reading is hard.
Holy projection, Batman
How is that projection when anyone who was here just yesterday saw the cookie thread?
Moids fuck cats, sheep, goats, camels and seagulls
Femoids fuck dogs and horses
Pretty sure this is bullshit. No paki horny enough to fuck a corpse will be stopped by that bitch of a lock. Also that graveyard doesn't look like it's has been used in a while because Muslims don't trash places like this. Probably some old ass graveyard with some "mystic" burried in it and people who are into black magic or something stealing the soil on the top of the grave. Not saying pakis haven't dug up and raped corpses before but shit ain't this bad.
Foid opinion is irrelevant.
This is the funniest gif you could have chosen. It makes it look like men are mindless chimps and women are regular people.
Women are property.
Men own property. 
Yes, it's that simple.
I googled pakistan grave rape and a case does come up I can't believe it. What a fucked country
Then it's still equivalent to slashing a stranger's tires. Mindless chimp behavior.
Ok but women have sex with dogs.
But if he was slashing his own tires it'd be fine? Chad gets a pass is what I'm getting from this.
how wet was she ?
It is obviously so beyond retarded to slash your own tires that I didn't even consider it. That you did is pretty dark.
You were the one comparing women to tires moron, I'm just using your retarded analogy. Chad gets a pass for slashing his own tires then I guess.
dormant STDs
TOTAL FEMCEL* LOVE
Cuddle with femcels. Hug femcels. Kiss femcels on their forehead. Tell femcels how beautiful they are, inside and out. Caress femcels. Make love with femcels. Care for femcels during and after pregnancy. Become the best husband for femcels. And last but not least: LOVE FEMCELS UNTIL DEATH DO US APART.
*assumed to be biological women
Degeneracy isn't real, femcel.
anon you sound so nice, kind and caring. i truly hope you find her and you two can have a happily ever after. you deserve it &lt;3
It do be like that.
Very (with blood)
T-Thank you, anon. I'm blushing right now because of your reply, as I let out those feelings for wanting to love a femcel one day on that post of mine, haha.
