Um, you're anon, right? I saw you sharing tradwife memes with your friends in class... Do I seem like I could be a tradwife...? Um, I'm still a virgin...
How do you respond?
Yup now get in here so I can rape you (consensually)
Traditional values include respecting your own body. Lose weight.
thank you based anon, here is your new and improved eunice
id get with a virgin fat girl and just easily lose weight. losing weight is easy if you have someone to help you fast
i did 36 days by myself. it was maybe one of the hardest things i ever did, but i learned how to do it
im on day 4 of my water fast right now and i swear to god, on my life and on the possibility of me ever getting love with a beautiful korean girl, that i dont feel hunger
i know what hunger feels like, and i dont feel it. maybe a tiny bit? but i dont feel it
but it also defends on how fat you are. once you lose all the weight there will be stretch marks, and some of those are kinda brutal, depending on how fat you were
fuck fat people, your body is not beautiful or is it healthy. and i say this as a fat person myself
its actually kind of crazy that exactly 150 days ago (i checked using a date calculator), i was 260 pounds, and now im 208 pounds, and in about 36 days ill be about 175 pounds, at 5'11"
you can lose weight real quick if you do long water fasts
Sign here on this line to become my breeding sow tradwife I pamper and pleasure whenever I desire.
Thanks but Im a girl myself, i dont want a wife, let alone a 12 years old looking one
Yo yo incoming
Yo yo incoming
COPE
people who do long term water fasts have the highest rates of keeping it off long term. over 50%
that is by far the HIGHEST rate of keeping it off. more than any diet, pills, drugs, exercise, whatever
and once you can do 40 days of water fasting, you can do again
cope harder, faggot
run your mouth and ill link the studies showing it. im not making this up
Link for a curious anon? Is this really healthy? Seems dangerous. Do you drive during the 40 days? Do you work? Do you drink any shakes/juices?
dude, I just want a girl. all she needs is a vag, idc if she is fat. her being trad is a big bonus as well.
Traditional values include respecting your own body.
Very cringey but also doesn't make sense. Being slim and fit is largely chasing approval from society and others and a desire to please social expectations to suck up to the opposite sex. Realistically, the most "self respecting" person would be the fattest and laziest. It's like how people tell sluts they have no self-respect, you're just projecting your own neuroticism, there is no inherent connection between self respect and either of those things just because it's connected for *you*
Not that being fat is okay, it's not and it should be discouraged and shamed, but your reasoning is extremely retarded
It's not healthy at all but it's easily the most efficient way to lose weight
Link for a curious anon?
id link a paper from nature but it says "our system things your post is spam". how are papers published in nature spam? i tried reformating it like 9 times and cant do it
https://nutritionfacts.org/video/benefits-of-fasting-for-weight-loss-put-to-the-test/
https://nutritionfacts.org/video/the-worlds-largest-fasting-study/
https://nutritionfacts.org/video/is-fasting-for-weight-loss-safe/
playlist that you need to copy and paste: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4S_A692Lyw&amp;list=PL5TLzNi5fYd8O0RPBE7Blh3tUN-5JpMaj&amp;ab_channel=NutritionFacts.org [Embed]
go to the sources cited in the website. there are a lot of studies, way too much
look around on other sources. virtually everyone says fasting is healthy if its done right
literally people who say its dangerous are just saying things with zero evidence. its only dangerous if its done badly and you break your fast badly
Seems dangerous
if you do it wrong
when i did the 36 days, for the last 12 days i spent 23 hours and 45 minute a day in bed, i coudlnt move at all, because i had low electrolytes. i was dry heaving a lot. this is really dangerous. you need to plan it out well, or do it under medical supervision
but if you do it well its fine
but to be fair, the most dangerous time is when you break the fast. if you break it with proteins, you can die, easily. i broke it with watermelon and melon for 2 weeks
Do you drive during the 40 days? Do you work? Do you drink any shakes/juices?
im a neet, and last time i did it raw with occasional ginger tea, nothing else
this time im doing a lot of ginger tea and also vegetable broth of a variety of vegetables, for electrolytes. but not spinach or any high oxalate vegetables
also b12 and vitamin d cause im vegan
im literally the girl saying this minus the fat cunt part
