Women have become so narcissistic and brainwashed, that they'd rather date a man with a Bachelors Degree and a $50k/yr job, over a man with no degree and an $80k/yr job, because the man with the Bachelors Degree is "educated", while the man with no degree is an "uneducated peasant".
Have you noticed this as well, or is it just me?
Have you noticed this as well, or is it just me?
No because it is incorrect and you are delusional
women base their decisions on arbitrary social proving and do not think for themselves
news at 11.
It's status signalling. Having a Bachelor's Degree implies that you spent the money to get it. People who have that kind of money come from upper middle class to rich families. Notice how the people in "useless" degree programs are all upper middle class white people (especially women), while stem is full of first and second generation immigrants from third world countries. Even if they took out loans to get a "useless" degree and end up with a $50k/yr job that can't reasonably pay it off, it's still a flex that they have the mindset of a white upper middle class/rich person and that they spent 4 years with those kinds of people. People with no degree typically come from working class backgrounds and have internalized that mindset.
Two completely opposite answers within a minute of each other.
I agree with this 100%. I was thinking the same thing. They care more about signaling status, instead of actually having status. Almost like a fake-it-until-you-make-it mindset. A man with a $50k/yr job and student loans to pay off won't be able to provide like a man with no student loans and an $80k/yr job. This also shows women put social status before the wellbeing of their own children. An $80k/yr salary can provide better food, private schooling and better retirement savings, etc. But, they don't care.
I refuse advances of all women, assuming its a cruel prank every time.
I don't talk to women except for at work and for work.
I have had one too many unfulfilling and draining experiences attempting to treat women as equals (they take advantage every time)
Women deserve everything bad that happens to them and i'm probably going to die happy but alone at this point.
I don't think there is any woman out there who is good enough to repair the damage done to me by the ones before and i refuse to accept society's "solutions".
Therapy is a retarded cope where they gaslight you into thinking all of your perceived slights are false, even when they are not.
My family has never really helped me meet any women i could date. My friends never helped me meet any women i an date. Whenever i try to meet women on my own it is seen as creepy or risky on their end because there is no middle man mutual friend or anything.
Society is a scam, I pay taxes and work full time just to afford a broken car as old as i am, live with shitty room mates, and eat the same food every day.
My next step is deleting my socials and only use my cell phone for emergencies.
All of society's excesses are the sources of issue as far as i can tell so i refuse to participate.
Also im intentionally fuckign up my sleep schedule and chronic masterbaiting and chugging caffeine.
Fuck working out.
Im saving money until i can figure out what to do with it.
I have considered getting a green card wife and once they are with me, i will outline the consequences for cheating or leaving to make sure she sticks it out.
read my posts lol
women care about two things
what makes her friends jealous
what makes her heart race and her vagina wet
over lap those qualities and you get her ideal man
dont meet those qualities and you are friend material
They would rather date each other than a man who doesn't fit their preconception.
