Do you ever think how truely lucky you are? Throughout 99% of human history you would have been killed, sent to a coal mine or abandoned for being a retard, yet you were lucky enough to be born in the one era where you can comfortably sit at home and play video games all day.
retards were treated bad historically
No they weren't. "Social skills" weren't even a thing for 99% of humanity.
The Earth is only 6000 years old. Only poor people live in shit.
You do realize everything is pretty much subjective and for every bad thing about the past theyre also missing the bad shit we deal with now. Yeah you got sent to the coal mill but atleast you werent cucked into raising lil jamal and dealing with modern credit score system. You could also bludgeon someone to death with a rock and have a high chance of getting away with it
One particularly not fun fate was what happened to people in Judea after Rome stomped their rebellion into the dirt. Basically 100k men were condemned to a live in a slave camp, mining shitty ore or who knows what. The lucky ones were the ones who died in battle.
Look at the socially crippled retard.
honestly as horribly soul sucking as the experience of going to the grocery store or supermarket can be it is one of the most incredible things in history that the absolute lowest wrung of a developed society can still go to and get a range of food, ingredients and confectionary like only the highest or most debauched rulers in much history had access to, you can sure but the billionaire elites can have a croquembouche or a whole roast duck in chocolate gravy whenever they like but you're missing the point, you can go get fucking paprika and bananas and shit whenever you want for cheap, all sorts of things that come form all over the world it's amazing
Ignorant, retarded, socially maladjusted moron
"Social skills" weren't even a thing for 99% of humanity.
Meanwhile, in real Life
During the Bronze Age teachers of social skills and public speaking with a reputation for success became rich and famous, on par with modern movie stars. Traveling from city to city, charging exhorbitant fees to teach the sons of the rich how to have rich, impressive conversations or give rousing speeches, their influence was so huge that one of the great classics of Philosophy, Gorgias, is essentially a dialog between a philosopher and a speaking coach about whether top-notch social skills were more important that top-notch logic and reason.
https://iep.utm.edu/gorgias/
Read a fucking book
if people from the past were put here for a year they'd get used to all of this and all that would be left is their previous form of suffering in a modern lens.
sure it's amazing, but people adapt. we can't actually be satisfied by anything.
why would you want to be satisfied by anything
because that's the illusion that supports satisfaction in the first place.
t. seething normfilth salivating at the thought of executing robots just like in his fantasies of the past
"Life is about change and innovation". Where did this meme come from? 99% of humanity's existence has been stagnant. Why does capitalist society expect people who were serfs and peasants who practiced arranged marriage for 6000 years and had housing and employment provided to them by their lords to suddenly change their neurologies and become members of the extrovert bourgeoisie overnight and "innovate", "invest", and "make their own life" (despite hurdles like neurotypical nepotism, capitalism being a zero sum game, everything being private property, society discriminating against the ugly and autistic, and requiring permits for everything)? Don't they realize you can only do what your genes and the society around you allows? We're autistic because WE WERE BRED TO BE THIS WAY. People with autism had no problem getting laid for most of human history (or else today's autistic people wouldn't exist). Why did society suddenly decide to start discriminating against them? I think a lot of it has to do with all these "social rules" that popped up after the Industrial Revolution. You literally have to be perfect. If you even blink the wrong way you're considered "weird" and "defective". Gone are the days when you could be a simple peasant picking turnips all day and get an arranged marriage with the daughter of another family living in the same village.
"Golly gee, 'read a book'? That sounds HARD!"
FTFY
SHIET A NIGGA CANT CHIMP OUT AND KILL ROBOTS ANYMO CUH!!!
seethe more darnell this is a white man's world now
Anon
"Social skills were always important"
Screeching autist
"YOU WANT TO MURDER PEOPLE! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"
Normfaggot
"THROUGHOUT 99% OF HUMAN HISTORY YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN KILLED, SENT TO A COAL MINE OR ABANDONED YOU IGNORANT, RETARDED (etc. etc.) ... YOU SHOULD FEEL LUCKY I CANT BEHAVE LIKE A NIGGER ANYMORE"
Based robot
"you long for the right to murder"
Normfaggot
"NO YOUU!! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
Look, fuckwit, this guy
is NOT this guy
You are treating 2 different people like one guy.
retard
both have the same pathological desire for robots in mines
samefagging (nigger) shoots and misses, disgracing his race
hurrrrrr anyone who agrees that social skills are important must also want spergs to die
spoken like a true sperg.
KYS
agrees that killing robots was justified because they lacked social skills
"REEEEE KYS SPERGGG!!!"
"no i actually dont want robots to die"
life in the hood must be tough for you jamal
Normies: lol you wanna go back to the past as if anything was any different. we were in charge back then just like we are now.
also
Normies: nooooo you can't go back to the past. you'll take away all of our powers and rights.
