Do normies literally say things with no meaning? Like simply talking to talk and not having an actual point or underlying thought theyre trying to convey?
ive noticed this too. they talk for the sake of talking
You haven't noticed that normalfags "speak" in simple, atom-like sentences and phrases which are really slogans or platitudes? We often filter out what people say automatically. But if you stop, and really analyze each sentence bit by bit you will find it contains precisely nothing.
It's annoying because i might be autistic, never tested, but i always try to glean the deeper meaning of what people are saying, but then theres just nothing and theyre just blabbing to not be anxious because they cant handle just sitting in silence? Idk its very confusing and annoying
Yes like the "jus b urself bruh" or the "lmao bruhhhh" equivalents in normal speech, where theyre just responding to something that happened or was said to let the world know they indeed experienced the thing
There's not a word for this but it's like Emotive-Speaking. it's just emotions in the shape of words. Like when normalfags say "Life is a gift" or "You can choose to enjoy life" to someone who is depressed. Really what they mean is "Stop talking you're annoying me" "GRRR, STOP! ME ANNOYED!"
Yes this i noticed too, if you press enough on a normie its apparent they simply are trying to dismiss the person's experience of depression. Some people will genuinely try to get to the psyche and root of the person's suffering to see if they can shed some light, but normies(probably from their own framework) will just offer some platitudes and then beyond that will become slowly and slowly more aggravated at the person not stopping being depressed
Yes, but the point is almost always nonverbal and conveyed through body language or tone. I have autism so I cannot meaningfully interact with anyone irl and I havent tried in like 7 years. That being said, they dont care what they say content wise because it doesnt matter except for huge outlying cases. It is about the other context of the speech mostly.
