Went to hiroshima in 2018 on a school trip. It was pretty nice, good food. Nature is nice, but it was kind of uncomfortable. You're well aware that you are an outside, so unless you delude yourself into thinking otherwise, it won't be too good of a time.
I feel very conflicted about this, and I don't even know how I'd pull it off, knowing more about the difficulties of international travel now than I did when I was a teenager.
have you looked into visas? i never have but im under the impression its rather difficult
not lately, a.) they were really strict about keeping gaijin out during the coof and b.) my mom is alive and will likely be for another few decades. Though I thought most of the restrictions, at least for tourists, got lifted recently.
I never understood the issue with "being an outsider" in Japan. I've heard it mentioned many times before. You're a foreign tourist there, of course you're an outsider. What else would anyone expect?
I feel like it wouldn't be that difficult as long as you prepared well ahead of time. Just let customs know ahead of time. They'll probably just ask the same thing I'm asking "Why the hell does she want her ashes to get spread over here?"
what places did you visit?
Went all over the Tokyo metro, but didn't go anywhere else. Only had two weeks so I wanted to focus on seeing as much of Tokyo as I could. I stayed in Akihabara, which was fucking great. Also had a great time in Ikebukuro and Akasaka.
what was your favorite food?
Gyudon, hands down. Nothing like stumbling drunk into Sukiya at 3am on your way back to the hotel and getting a mega gyudon to soak up all that booze. Takoyaki also goes hard.
did you go to any festivals or events?
I went to Anime Japan and it was absolutely crazy. I've never seen an anime con on that scale. Really glad I ended up getting a ticket last minute.
what surprised you most about Japan?
Just how safe and clean it is, everywhere you go. People clearly take pride in their homes and cities and it shows. Honestly made me feel depressed as all hell when I got back to America.
what was your favorite memory or experience?
Meeting some random Japanese bros at an Arcade late night in Akihabara, getting drunk and then racing each other in the arcade until 2am.
Tokyo Leisureland arcade in Akihabara is open until 2am, has a smoking room, and pretty cheap games and darts. Great place to meet some fellow degenerate gamers to hang out with.
I just went to Japan last month, there's practically no travel restrictions. Just fuckin go, bro.
if your from the west it isn't difficult to get a tourist visa. I'm from Aus and I didn't even have to do anything, just hop on the plane and as long as u arent a criminal you're immediately granted a 90 day visa
I went a few years ago
what places did you visit?
Tokyo, Kinugawa, Nikko temple, Kusatsu, Karuizawa, Hanyu.
I did a scenic road trip along a tourist drive called the Nihon Romantic Highway (aka Japan romantic road)
what was your favorite food?
Takoyaki. It was the first time I had it but haven't had it many times since
did you go to any festivals or events?
No
what surprised you most about Japan?
How narrow the roads are
what was your favorite memory or experience?
Karaoke with an astronomical amount of alcohol
what places/activities/foods would you recommend?
The romantic road I went on. This road goes into the mountains so if you like nature you will like this road
well my impression was that they still don't much like foreign tourists, they just tolerate them (at least in the larger cities) so long as they stay out of the way. Also I'm a Burger, so I'd imagine there'd be some bad blood there. 
It's not at all about the logistics of it, it's my mom trying to push me back into what I realized long ago was a retarded fantasy of mine.
Nice and I can confirm that Gyudon is the fucking go to meal. Just don't get addicted to high grade yakiniku like I did... It get expensive. I also don't care what anyone says, Akihabara is a great place to stay no matter how many times you go to Japan.
Did you drive on your road trip? Even if you didn't, sitting in the passenger seat can be weird if you're not used to being on that side and not driving.
I love your pic. Fall/winter in Japan is the best in my opinion.
Hopefully you guys can go back soon
How was your trip to Japan?
It was a lot of fun! I went in summer 2017 with about 5 friends, two of which were studying at Sophia University (English name). Had amazing experiences and an all around good time. 
what places did you visit?
Greater Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto, Nara, Hiroshima, I'm missing a couple?
what was your favorite food?
Not a favorite, but croquettes are AWESOME, also just about anything at a convenience store. My favorite food experience was shabu shabu, or okonomiyaki. mmmm. 
did you go to any festivals or events?
I went to comiket, it was awesome and big. We also did one festival, bit it was POURING, so we just kinda walked through.
what surprised you most about Japan?
No. Trashcans. You'll find them outside of convenience stores. aanndd that's it. 
Kyoto for one. Doing fushimi inari was hands down my favorite part of the trip. I also LOVED Namba, which is the night life area of Osaka. In fact, all of kansai was awesomeee.
I've spent plenty of time in other foreign countries. Japan specifically feels the most alienating, probably because of the history and the culture.
If you can speak even a tiny bit of Japanese, you'll be completely fine. I've never ran into someone in Japan who wouldn't at least humor my horrible broken Japanese. As long as you're not being loud or annoying, the locals will like you. Even if you don't speak a word of Japanese, you can still get around fine in the cities.
I'm a big fat American and most of the locals I interacted with were incredibly nice and helpful. I never once got poor customer service or felt like I was being treated poorly because I wasn't Japanese.
Just fucking go, my guy. If you have any desire in you at all, it will change your world view.
Interesting, I've also traveled extensively in other countries and I've always felt the warmest welcomes and general friendliness in Japan (probably tied with Vietnam). The places I've felt the least welcome were in European countries and Thailand.
Whatever I said about food, forget it. Kushiage is what I was thinking of. Although shabu shabu is good too.
People will probably tell you "hurr its "fake" politeness. Japanese actually hate you!!"
I feel like that's a huge cope. I've had fake politeness in very country I've been too (including Japan) and genuine politeness and friendliness. 
I feel like most places in Japan genuinely pride themselves in their service. There are exceptions of course.
Japan's welcoming is fake. It's done out of societal obligation and is not genuine.
Yes I was driving but we drive on the same side as Japan so there was no problem.
Also visited a couple of onsens. One was outside. Sitting outside in the hot bath at night and snowing is a transcendental experience.
I would like to go back one day but currently I have no plan to do so. But one day, one day
People there asked me if Im hafu japanese cuz I look slighty asian
and im just of tatar heritage from some shithole from poland lmao
Even if it's fake, I'll take Japanese politeness over any Western country I've been to. I met plenty of people there who were genuinely interested in making friends with non-Japanese people, too.
I don't remember much but I went once when I was very small. I remember the chef at a restaurant let me pet the pufferfish but I think he got embarrassed when people started staring lol.
Oh no, how horrible. Everyone is nice to you in public because they don't want to be seen being an asshole in public. Sounds like a nightmare.
Even worse, they'll even be nice to you in private so that you don't think they're an asshole.
Sorry, I should've made BBC/Tranny/Discord thread #87623 instead
People (especially in the big cities) LOVE practicing their English on Americans. I had so many random people enthusiastically run up to me and speak broken English in an attepmt to practice the language they've been learning since they were young. 
Currently, English is super fashionable in Japan. You'd get along well if you even TRIED to speak Japanese to them. People will actually take pictures of you as a foreigner because omg cool!!!1!
Japan LOVES tourists. Japan HATES people who stay/work in Japan long term. They want you to come, see their culture, then leave. Then they are happy!
Yes, people constantly being disingenuous and two-faced because of "culture" and not a more moderate and human neutral is a horrible thing.
You never tried dining anywhere outside of your tourist hotspot. They only love you retard sheep when you stay in your pens where you can be ogle'd like animals.
Oh no there are experiences there too, but that's literally anywhere. 
Have you ever walked into a bar in the middle of nowhere in any other country? Fuck I can basically feel the record scratch as every single regular turns and looks at me dissaprovingly. I get that in America, I got it in Ireland, and I also did get it in Japan. It happens literally everywhere, my guy.
Other countries the record scratches but you can get service. Japan tells you they're full at an empty establishment.
I've been to plenty of small local bars and restaurants in Japan and never had a problem, but the key factor being that I speak decent Japanese and I understand how to follow their cultural rules most of the time.
Most countries/cultures put up polite acts when dealing with strangers. Japan isn't unique in that aspect. I think its a good thing. I'd rather have some random person treat me politely over being an asshole, I don't care how "genuine" it is.
I felt like I've gotten the least welcome in some tourist hotspots. Its the places that rarely see foreigners that I've gotten the warmest welcomes.
If you wanna selectively single out Japan in this then be my guest, so long as you recognize that you are being biased.
Should have. Weebs and incels already think Japan is the answer to all their problems. More of them encouraged to travel there and fuck up the country is not needed
I've only gotten turned away when 1. They don't speak any English and would rather give me no service than bad service. 2. I didn't reserve ahead of time. That's usually a big deal, especially in places like Tokyo, Osaka, or Kyoto. And yes, they do give you silly excuses that they're full because they don't know how to explain that someone booked that table for 15 minutes from now in English
Yeah I'm in Okinawa right now and the only people that it's really obvious they don't like you are elderly men (for understandable reasons). 
I'm honestly not sure why the elderly in Okinawa hate Americans though because the Japanese invaded the island in WW2 before us and when we beat Japan back they lied and told all the locals we would literally rape and eat them, which caused mass suicides across the island. You think they'd be a lot more appreciative of Americans than mainland Japanese after that
Americans literally idolize acting like niggers
It's because Okinawa's military base. Sooo many examples of soldiers fucking up the image of America.
I fucking love soaplands so much
I can see that. Tbh I try to be respectful and polite in public generally, so I meld pretty well I think, but I do see plenty of Americans walking around acting like nigs.
what places did you visit?
Mostly just the Tokyo area because poor student
what was your favorite food?
Too hard to pick but I ate at Hamazushi a lot. Somehow the best karaage I had was at Coco Ichibanya
did you go to any festivals or events?
Furusato
School festival
what surprised you most about Japan?
Humanity still existed outside the walls
what was your favorite memory or experience?
Favorite, the daily life parts like walking home and stopping at 7-11 for bottled coffee
The most memorable, being betrayed and my old self dying. The traitor is set to be destroyed potentially alongside me
I like the avocado burger from Mos
Do not go to Ichiran it's bland
Do not listen to Saizeriya slander it's great
Again, I lived there for several months as a student, so it's mostly just the daily life stuff that I grew fond of. Skytree is a tourist attraction. Bottled coffee is a way of life.
Mos Burger is shit. Literally worse than McDonald's or Burger King.
It's amazing how a large city like Tokyo can be so comfy. I remember walking down some streets and feeling like I was in a small town with how quiet it was and old ladies sweeping their porches.
I was also surprised by how many cozy little back streets and residential areas you can find if you wander just a little bit off the main streets. Some of the best food I found in Tokyo were little hole in the wall places in residential areas.
Burger King is just as dogshit in Japan
McDonald's is greatly improved
Mos is great you faggoat. Limited selection but good
The only time I got Mos Burger, it was incredibly bland and dry. The patty was pale and sad looking. I did also grab Burger King once, and while not as good as Japanese McDoanld's, it was far better than any Burger King I've eaten at in America in the last decade.
what places did you visit?
Tokyo, Nara, Osaka and Kyoto 
what was your favorite food?
For quick service: pretty much every curry place I stumbled across
For sit down: There was a yakiniku place in Nara that was fantastic, and a yakitori place in Shibuya that was also great!
did you go to any festivals or events?
Not really, went during the off season
what surprised you most about Japan?
How busy it was, but how efficiently everything ran. Also how much I actually enjoyed takoyaki (I'm not a huge seafood fan)
Probably stumbling on a Shinto shrine after cutting through the park just behind the studio Ghibli museum. It was situated in the middle of a small lake/pond and was absolutely beautiful
but that's literally anywhere.
Not the guy you're responding to, but I had the "record scratch" moment happen in my own country, in my home town.
I had that exact same moment when I was in Nara.
I had just wandered away from nara-park (with the deer) and went down a random side street and found myself in a small soba restaurant. They served a super yummy yuzu soba for like...500 yen?
Was amazing!
I can only imagine what it was like stumbling onto a random beautiful shrine after vising the Ghibli museum. Its just like your Japanese animes. Tokyo amazes me with the effectiveness of its public transport, but also the weird times that it gets busy. I noticed that rush hours is around 9 am and 9pm if I remember correctly. Its usually around 6-7am and 5-7pm in other countries that I've been to.
I get a huge redditor vibe from this writing style
The problem with Burger King was that I expected it to be interesting. It wasn't. When I tried the BBQ Whopper, it was like I brought home a Whopper and squirted Walmart BBQ onto it. Same with some other thing with mushroom sauce on it, I think? Tasted like I put leftover mushroom chowder on it.
That's pretty much par the course for what I'm used to (Lived in Toronto Ontario Canada for years), and that's the general rush hour there as well. Thankfully I never had to be "White gloved" onto a train since I was staying just outside of Ikebukuro (When I was in Tokyo) and it didn't ever seem to get super busy. The busiest that I ever saw it was probably in Harajuku on a sunday afternoon...That shit was fucking NUTS! Not even Akihabara was that insane.
