I have things I should be doing, but I'm instead gonna poorly draw whatever /r9k/ wants me to draw.
draw yourself getting help and quitting 4chan
draw mason from bo1 being interrogated with lots of thick red numbers floated and the room is pitch black
draw yourself getting your work done
Aaa hello Can you draw trump kissing sleepy Joe good night please and thank you
I second this. Sounds fucking awesome in mspaint art style.
owww
There you go, sorry it took so long.
iz nice piece op
Hope you like it, never played Black Ops.
Doing the best I can
Thank you very much
work on your a, my man
You got it. Sweet dreams!
Yeah, I'm used to drawing them differently.
you ok?
Draw something with a big butt. The more bizarre the better
Draw Piano from Dragon Ball with a big butt.
I give you: the Assketball
It was better in my head...
Draw an eldritch horror enjoying some mac n cheese
Wait... did you see that? Off-screen, not visible to the naked eye, was the real cause for concern. Using the latest visual enhancing AI, we can see now find out... Someone else has also opened Microsoft Paint!
Draw a pirate! A nasty pirate who doesn't seed his torrents! YO HO HO
It's there, I promise you.
It was the assketball all along
Scrumptious.
I've been exposed!
And a bottle o' rum.
draw 5 soldiers from tf2 executing 5 demomans in a firing squad form
Is this real? original organic oregano
i love this thread so much
can i get a request please? if the thread is still up can i have a hedgehog drawing? my favourite animal
Draw Youmu from Touhou as Shanks from One Piece pls anon
What a guy.
Forgive the quality of this one, I'm becoming a little lazy...
Draw Lain Iwakura riding the Lisp Horse (pic rel)
You're a halfway decent artist. I've seen successful webcomics that were drawn worse.
Thank you very much.
I'm gonna go grab dinner, if the thread's still up when I get back, I'll try to do a few more.
Forgive the abomination that is picrel.
Look at 'em go!
Thank you for the sincerity.
Draw Scooby-Doo praying to god
This one might be my favorite of the lot,
HAHA it's better than I imagined.
Maybe shaggy worshipping Satan next to make it a duo?
Zoinks!
I think this is gonna be the last one I do in this thread.
Thank you all, and goodnight!
Draw cat playing basketball. i need it
Awesome work dude. Thanks for that, I saved it. I'm >>73103993 originally. I have also never played black ops, but I've heard this reference so much, it's near to my heart.
That means a lot to me, thank you!
Draw threads are welcome. This is how memes used to start.
Why dont you go find something else to do than judging me weirdo , why do you care what others do in their spare time normieeeeeeeee
