Would you abandon 4chan and r9k if you got laid robots?
he's doing the honourable thing. he's not an incel anymore.
That's really not a question I need to bother myself with.
Nigga betrayed his Bros the moment he got some pussy. He is pretending to be all normie now just to get normalfag acceptance.We hate women but men are grade A pieces of shit.
Incels.is banned me when they found out I got a girlfriend, even though I was one of the most blackpilled and insightful posters around there.
Wdym faggot St. Komesarj didn't betray his bros, he followed the site rules and left after giving an explanation for his departure.
what's even the point of "leaving"? even if you don't count as incel anymore you'd still be blackpilled
What was your username originally
Keep sucking his nuts faggot. He clearly implies that he would cut contact with the incel community and would not be spreading the blackpill truth. He is basically trying to whitewash himself for the normies.
No, I would still hate women. MGTOW is the only sensible position. It's why MGTOW was totally banned from the internet and incel shit is still posted everywhere. MGTOW is much more dangerous than Incel garbage.
Listen my african american nigger, if someone is dead then would you expect them to continue their normal routines as if they were alive? No, retard. St. Komesarj, as per the site rules, is functionally dead as an incel. He is excommunicated, as such it is expected for him to drop off the map.
If he tries a grifter arc then yes that is considered whitewashing and he would be a bastard.
You don't ditch the ideology you accepted as brutal truth to score points with normalfags. Stop being a faggot cocksucker.
stupid zoomer to back to instagram
No I come here for the lulz
Why the fuck would he stay in that community if he literally got laid. The blackpill doesn't apply to him anymore, and it shouldn't for 80% of "incels" on that forum. So many kids fucked their minds up and killed themselves because they let faggots on the internet convince them it was over.
Should I stop advocating for poor if I won lottery?
This is fucking hilarious, I don't believe these peoples actually exist. This must be a psyop
Idk who any of these people are.
There is no proof St. Komesarj has stopped believing in the blackpill himself you braindead jigaboo. He is dead I tell you, and dead men tell no tales. If he was spreading blackpill it would be as blasphemous as someone rising from the grave. This retardation is even worse than crabs in a bucket somehow.
You keep calling people niggers for your internet crush. Dont they have a rule to ban faggots on there too?
Who tf is this attention seeking nigger?
Should be proof to everyone that incels are crabs in a bucket. Imagine seething that some guy got laid. Faggots, each and every one of you.
lmao women are so retarded
No I call you a nigger because your posts display the intelligence of one. It becomes even worse than bucket crab mentality when you forget .is site rules in looking for reasons to slander St. Komesarj for his ascension.
The whole incel movement is just irony right? I don't believe that 98% of all people aged &lt;30 (non disfigured, dwarfs or etc..) wouldn't be able to have sex or form a relationship within 5 years if they really tried.
It's a spineless move from him because he actually bragged about it to his former "friends"
I hope he gets cancer
Weird strawman. The blackpill is simply that looks matter to the point that in some cases it is virtually impossible to get laid using conventional means, thus creating INvoluntary CELibates. Further arguments are made that the degree to which looks matter is being inflated due to feminism and whatnot but the explanation above is the blackpill at its core.
There is no incel movement either because its more of a community.
Well if you renounced islam in the middle east you'd be beheaded, so not so bad. 
Personally getting laid is probably the only way I'd even empathize with incels, because alot of women are terrible and society coddles them at every turn, to like a delusional degree. Alot of laid men probably agree with incels, but don't want to admit it publicly and lose their access to pussy, I even knew some chadlites who hated women but only told me in private. There's a reason dv is so common.
Definitely more than 2%. Moreover 2% is still millions of men.
Lol, faggot. Nobody has to do what you want. I'd ditch all of you losers for a loving relationship in a heartbeat.
r9k
I left this shithole a long time ago, i just come back around once or twice a year, mostly to see if it's still as shit as when i left
Fuck no, i've been browsing IBs since 2006, at this point i'm pretty sure that i can't replace IBs with anything, shit like forums, reddit or discord groups are simply not the same.
Just getting laid doesn't really change all that much about you, having a romantic relationship on the other hand DOES change you, but not on the ways most of you believe.
t. An anon that got his first gf at 25
Ok faggot cocksucker lmao. Are you the one that help me "ascend"? How is the transitioning going?
Losers who ditch their friends live miserable lives lmao. Not like your are getting laid anyways anytime soon.
how does having a romantic ltr change you?
Cope and seethe you gay, retarded nigger. The definition of a fakecel as in your blackness you forget the rules.
Yes as soon as I get a gf I will leave this place.
never heard of those twitter fags
idk
Dude, same. I mean, I wasn't the most blackpilled, but I faced the reality of dating and romance. I didn't even say I had sex, just got a girlfriend.
Kys you piece of trash normalcunt
Long story short, i always thought that i would be a shit bf, that i would be way too cold or just a bad person in general.
Being in a relationship has taught me many things about myself, i've done things for her that i wouldn't have done for anyone else (besides maybe close family), i've learned how inmature people can be sometimes, and how simple some things are.
Also, how fucking complex some trivial things can become when there's feelings involved.
Not gonna lie, i've also become a little more confident, mostly because now i have someone that is a constant reminder of how i'm not as much of a piece of shit as i thought i was.
I've also started putting more of an effort on how i look.
Things such as me being an edgy coomer weeb that plays vidya are not gonna change.
theres an incel community??? are any of them looking for very loyal nice virgin gfs???
You're not my friend faggot. I only hang out here because I have no choice. So do 99% of us. If you'd rather sit around being a sad cunt instead of having a gf you're a tard.
You probably just needed to see a therapist for vulnerable narcissism, nigger. Not drag someone else down with you.
Aight thats nice anon glad that you found some inner peace and self esteem. Wishing you the best with your gf.
I get laid and still come to r9k anyways.
I dont feel anything towards those retarded bimbos so its basically masturbation with a self warming automatic flesh light so it doesnt count as losing my virginity.
You're not advocating for incels to get laid, you're advocating for them to lay down and rot. That's why people eventually regurgitate the black pill. It's like telling poor people to fuck off and die because they will never be rich.
Hating sad cunts doesn't make sense though, because you will aways be one and a gf won't change that, at best its self hatred and projection. Its also not fair to the hypothetical woman that she has to "fix" such a broken simp faggot.
Are you athletic?
I never said anything about hate? Why are you seething faggot? you wanna suck my dick or something?
Do you think you are actually helping anyone by trying to gaslight them that looks and height actually dont exist and they just need to go le shower and haircut xD oh and speak like really confidently as the girl rejects you before you even get a single word in.
i dont do sports or anything but i have like 19% body fat so.... maybe?
I'm the secret leader of the incel community.
I don't want to force you though. I just enjoy playing sports and think an active lifestyle is fun. I'm glad that you're not repulsed by the thought of it at least, cuz to me sports can be both physically and mentally demanding.
lol is this all fed astroturfing? what is the incel community?
i hike and like to swim, occasionally do yoga/pilates... but anything else is not my thing honestly, i dont have the bodily coordination to play sports really
no because the blackpill and biological determinism would still be real
That's fine. I think I'll enjoy hiking because I like exploring new places. Can we hold hands while hiking? I walk around a lot whenever I travel. Bodily coordination can be trained depending on how good you want to be. You can be okay at certain sports with some persistence. Most important thing is if you enjoy it. I play football a lot. Or rather, I used to. I'm injured right now so I can't do much. I can barely walk without an ankle brace.
I might still come to lurk every now and then but I sure as fuck wouldn't come to brag or make those stupid "my gf" posts.
I'm not promising anyone they're gonna get a gf if they stop jacking off and get a job. I'm promising that tomorrow can be slightly better than today, and that you can take some control over your situation. Living in delusional optimism is unhealthy, but so is in complete hopelessness the likes of which faggots like you shill.
I would agree with you if not for the fact that i didn't force shit, in fact, it was her that tried to get closer to me.
It's not like im a whiny faggot that needs constant reafirmation or anything, thing is, the changes you suffer are more about how YOU react to things, more than the thing itself.
Even if we broke up tomorrow, i know that both of us are no longer the person we were before the relationship.
Of course, depending on the relationship, those changes can be either constructive or destructive.
hiking is very relaxing and seeing pretty scenery is always nice... probably even better if youre with someone else
how did you injure yourself anon?
I'll probably just abandon this board because it's so fucking boring and tame now. Fuck zoomers.
Some of us just aren't attractive.
You are an "incel" because he can't get laid and hate women
I'm an incel because I wish I was a woman
We are not the same
Women just want a kind man who doesn't care about her past or her weight, will buy her and her son nice things occasionally, will propose marriage (no prenub incel) and won't ask for sex and won't be insecure about her spending more time with her mostly male friends. Why do you feel like you are too good for that?
Based and trannypilled. Oregano
Dating a woman will truly show you how bad it actually is. Virgins do not worry about being cheated on
I would abandon r9k, and honestly I would probably abandon the internet as a whole, other than what I need for work. The only reason I come here or to other sites is to cope with having no gf. I would be way too busy doing everything I can to spend time with my gf and make her happy to come back to r9k.
I've been an incel for a long time and lately I've been seeing a girl for the first time and I unironically feel guilty about abandoning my brethren and not being a part of the community anymore. The incels were all I had.
hiking is very relaxing and seeing pretty scenery is always nice... probably even better if youre with someone else
Exactly, glad to find someone who agrees. A person who you love is also very beautiful so you get to admire both scenery and soul. Do you like going on trips to another place? Like a distant city you're not familiar with, or even country.
Got my ankle bent in an awkward position, being caught between a big person and the wall and then landing badly. It was just a week ago.
pretty pathetic
He was a mod on incels.is you retard
Do you like going on trips to another place? Like a distant city you're not familiar with, or even country.
yess i love that! i really like going places and walking for hours and exploring as much as possible... 
i hope you can rest a lot and recover quickly!
2% is statistically insignificant. a mere few million amongst billions do not require any thought.
Incels are the only people left it's socially acceptable to bully so normalfags have to vent their sociopathic tendencies on them exclusively
yess i love that! i really like going places and walking for hours and exploring as much as possible...
Ahhhh, you like the same thing as I do :DDD
Where are you from? Hopefully we live near enough.
Sadly not. I still have to go to work even though I took a couple of days off. It's sad because I thought I might have recovered quicker but it got worse after trying some rehab exercises. Oh well. Hope you're physically fine unlike me.
Where are you from?
i very unfortunately live in the uk
ahh oh no.. hopefully your job isnt super active so you can at least give your ankle a little break, hopefully u heal quickly anon
4ch
No
Yes, I am not around while I have gf and usually get back after 4+ months dryspell.
troons are less then 1% of the population, go figure
I stopped going on 4chan entirely when i got a gf from here. It was so freeing. Now I'm back though :(
i very unfortunately live in the uk
I guess it can turn into fortune because same here :) I'm in Glasgow although I don't mind travelling further.
It's an office job but I do have to go up and down the stairs and carry heavy stuff sometimes.
If any fembots want to leave r9k together please let me know. I am ugly but I would do everything possible to be a great boyfriend and I promise I will get plastic surgery as soon as I can afford it.
thats actually not super far from me, im surprised you arent american, it seems like majority of the board is
at least its just occasional then
Doesn't make him the king of all incels dumbass. Incelsis is literally only one (1) incel site and its a place that most real incels don't even browse anymore since it got flooded with retarded teenagers.
Yeah, and NPNTNPNW is an even bigger threat since it fucks up the economy. Inceldom doesn't since many of them have the potential to become simps and uphold the matriarchy by giving money to women.
But sadly 99% of the Internet is too stupid to realize this. MGTOW could've become the Occupy Wall Street of relationships, but alas, it is not so.
Incel is a decentralized movement, not an organization
FYI incel.is is a known honeypot since glowNIGGERS own it now. So that mod leaving is 100% a signal that incel.is users will get fucked up soon by doxxing, getting jail time, for "muh soggy knee," etc.
Also, that mod's gf is 100% a glownegress and will leave him as soon as he is "deradicalized."
isn't the whole point of being an incel trying to graduate? Are mf proud of being incels? why?
we cant have any spaces without normalfaggots invading, can we
I have more sex than anyone on this board and I still post here, never forget your family or where you came from
I guess Its just annoying when some incels claim to be "trucel" and go around shaping their entire identity by talking about how much sex they aren't getting:
Then suddenly after like a year they get a GF suggesting that they just wanted attention(i dont really understand why men do this because its usually female behavior). 
At the end of the day, most incels are mentally-ill retards who probably shouldn't reproduce. I'm only KV because I have trust issues with women but im still a somewhat functioning adult with a job and savings. 
There should be an incel site specifically for men who are actually functional adults and not waste of life NEETs. I hate sharing incel spaces with those subhumans.
thats actually not super far from me, im surprised you arent american, it seems like majority of the board is
It is. I did think for a bit whether or not I should say football or soccer but I thought you didn't sound American if not a bit British (which I think you might be glad to hear). Add me here if you want to chat more and possibly go for a hike together if you trust me further down the line: henry_the_survivor#7696
Yeah, thankfully. I really do need the rest but I'm trying everything else like eating a lot of proteins, and I recently got some medicinal cream that should help improve bloodflow to speed up recovery. I just want to be back in training.
they always go after the most vulnerable and retarded members of the population to entrap and fuck over. really awful.
Top kek. I've been getting laid since February and I'm still here
how did you get a gf from here?
pretty much instantly.
but all of those people in your pic are and you are gigafags. anyone association publicly with ''incel community'' are the reason people think of being alone against your will means its because of your opinions and character instead of looks and background. and you for posting gay twitter posts.
bonus: the ''leader'' only got laid because he was the king of losers, proving the blackpill once again that women are status whores, if he turns into a gigasimp its idubbz all over
That is why there shouldn't be leadership in this kind of community cause all it takes is a woman or two to dismantle everything.
I don't even know who those Twitter faggots are. Trucels don't use Twitter or Instagram.
How do you prevent people from spamming cp until the feds are forced to take the website down and raid the hosts house without moderators?
Nigger, we told you. All of you. Every Fed, civilian and green blood. You're here forever.
no because getting laid once doesnt fix anything. I deserve 7000 sex sessions with a girl like picrel. If i dont get all that i will never stop complaining until my last day and hour on this planet
I had over 2000 posts on incels.is and left after I managed to lose my virginity. I thought my real life would begin and I always hated the idea of fakecels polluting the community so I did the right thing and told the mods so my account would be deactivated. Most of the users on there are 18-24 year old late bloomers anyway and as I was already an over 30 wizard I didn't quite fit in as well as I could have. 
Unfortunately the reality set in that it was just just luck and I happened to be the most convenient option for a girl experiencing a dry spell. Being probably fitter than 95% of the guys in the gym helped.
However in just a week Chad showed up and she dropped me like a sack of rocks 2 days before my 33rd birthday. 
Then weeks turned into months, etc. with 0 female attention so I'm pretty much back to where I was. I feel a little better than I did as a wizard but I think I had more fun posting in incel spaces than I did with the week of sex. I still go there to lurk often.
no
this is the only completely uncensored place on the internet, of course im not leaving
Based.
H to Fred for dd
Im basically here for life by my own volition. I could become an airplane pilot, get laid every day, travel the world and id probably still shitpost because the sunken cost is that deeply ingrained
Why would you care about another man's dick so much?
You sound desperate. Just embrace the suffering lad.
whats so bad about it? incels is supposed to be a place for incels, not your personal blog. You stopped being incel, you got banned end of the story
Kill all twitter users (except the ones I like).
I'll fuck you. Bend over bitch
Everyone's wishing him well. No need to make shit up and blow those things up out of proportion, only to attack anyone telling you otherwise as "defensive".
Imagine being a Twittercel. I only use Twitter to spread misinformation and post thinly veiled, dog whistle racial slurs. I would never admit being one over there.
I did, I did, and I'm back boys, you know I couldn't stay away from you
just because you're blackpilled doesnt mean you are an incel. dumb faggot normies trying to takeover the incel name like they did robots
What does this so called leader look like? He's probably not a real ugly incel.
Modern women that are neurotypical just need some kind of boogeyman to feel normal. Without there being some great drama to their life, or somebody trying to ruin their happiness, they melt down
The average neurotypical woman would never be happy living in nature, because there would be no real "threat" that is out to get her intentionally because of who she is and the choices that she makes.
This is probably one of the reasons women don't like camping, which is a common stereotype. The thing about stereotypes is that they generally don't catch on unless there's some truth behind them
White women are genuinely the most pampered group of creatures in the entire earth. Most of them don't even really give a shit about the issues that women face in other parts of the world where women are genuinely oppressed.
I think that the only other group of egotistical as women are the richest of the rich. 
Both groups seem to genuinely believe that they are better than all other groups, and that there problems would be front and center above the problems of other groups, even the ones that objectively have more severe or detrimental problems
He either got lucky, is being fooled, or a normie who never was a true incel in the first place. Regardless it doesn't matter because he's a statistical outlier for incels.
Desperate simp retards like this are a problem. Some bitch settles for them and then they think they made it.
Fuck yes I'm desperate. You try living for 3 decades with 0 emotional or physical contact with another human being.
I'm already more than halfway there. Only six years left. Still don't simp desperately for someone who would've never given me the time of day if they didn't have to settle. You're weak. Weak of will and heart.
i unironically started using r9k after getting laid and finding out that the chick i was banging frequented this site
real men don't have a need love and affection. or if they do, they should never show it.
how old was she?
I've decided its never worth it to settle unless she is under 20 with an intact hymen.
you know you dont fit in here right faggot NIGGER
You'd all abandon your "ideology" faster than a communist winning the lottery.
lol I talked big like that when I was 24 too.
Trust me, it doesn't get bad until 26 and you enter your late 20s.
You're almost there and I hope you remember this post.
FTFY faggot
who even gives a fuck god you "people" are pathetic.
you quite literally are an invader, fuck off back to incels.is
I've looked at the thread and the way you niggas idolize sex is hilarious. "He has finally ascended"... they act like he became god
its now believed the mod is larping about his gf and she doesnt actually exist.
No, we would browse here together
I am only here because I am NEET. I've had a gf before, albeit a decade ago.
probably not - though I'd leave it as it continues to be swarmed by shitty ai/bot posts and nothing is done to curtail it. you can't actually have decent conversation anymore, as nearly every thread is a twitter bait thread or shill attempt to keep discussion within narrative frames that outside entities desire. the 4chan pass shows that the site is complicit with this, as it makes it even easier for those bots to exist. I already avoid certain boards due to the botting/shills. I've stuck around since 2005. 
Getting laid would not change my desire for anonymous forum posting. Getting a gf may limit the time I have available, so I'd likely decide it was against my interests at that point. I imagine that if (very large if) I have ever girlfriend, there are chances that she'd be a person who posts/posted on the chans at some point, or they at least appreciate the lulz that can be found there. 
Already largely left r9k as the board has been raided and made shittier and shittier for years, though it was made especially worse after the /qa/ drama. I don't know why people have decided to raid/demoralize here. I assume many oldfags similarly ventured off.
Ma someone is salty. I didn't know that youtubers had such strong opinions about this things.
i got laid before i came here
he is not abadoning shit.
he ascended, he belongs in normie society being happy with his gf not in the same miserable lonely pit as the others.
if you manage to get out of a hole do you go back for some misguided sense of "connection"? no, you should be happy that you are out of the hole.
anyone who hates him for leaving is a retard who is there for the memes, not because he is genuinely lonely.
shitty ai/bot posts
Yeah, fuck roboNIGGERS. It is only a matter of time until all of 4chan gets swarmed by deradicalizer bots that give you the shittiest "advice" and platitudes. The biggest example of such are the often-spammed "start seeing women as people," and saying women "like" kindness in men (they don't, they only see you as pussywhipped without the pussy if you open the door for them, and related).
appreciate the lulz that can be found there
That is absolutely not happening. The only ones that do are psychopathic 4chan transvestites, or deranged mental illness collection so-called "femcels" who will leave you as soon as they find someone better.
Not an oldfag myself (~2014), but /r9k/ has seriously been on a bottom-end decline and really has the need to be put down for sleep.
Almost every board but the deradicalizer /adv/isors want this board dead because of the crossboarder shilling of the blackpill when it doesn't belong, like /fit/ and /pol/. There is ZERO need for /r9k/ in current year, as /lgbt/ already exists for trannies, /adv/ (with HUGE flaws, like women) for anons wanting to get out of NEETdom, and /soc/ for the attention whores from Discord, like that female NIGGER called "Iris".
Notwithstanding that, Emperor Hirohiro refuses to put /r9k/ to sleep. I assume out of concern that some glowNIGGER will do a falseflag-planned shooting because the board got shut down, or so. Therefore making glowies take over 4chan like with incel.is
Am I considered an incel if I am just sexually frustrated and want a woman who isn't a whore but can get dates?
Ultrabased ngl
At this point I refuse to have sex. If you haven't got laid before your mid 20's then its just not worth it. Youll just windup being some single mom's betabux or some one that settled for you that will windup resenting you. Over all its just not worth it anymore.
I wouldn't
even when I was having sex with girls I still came here
there's something about modern society that doesn't sate my psyche like this place does
At this point it's not that I can't get laid it's just that I don't care unless she's a virgin and Japanese.
This so much. I managed to get i to 30+ threads, now I am simply not interested in changing my lifestyle and abandoning something I enjoy in favor of chasing women.
Can someone please explain how being lonely outcast is a movement and how this movement even has leaders?
i make those posts and ive never been in a relationship
I was never more active on this board and extremely misogynist than when I had a gf and was having sex
Lived your fantasy pal. It was every bit as good as you imagined.
as a truecel I would never get upset at a fellow Incel losing his title and getting laid. Course I would be envious its not me but at least its one less sufferer. Love to see young cels get pussy
This doesn't make any sence
I had sex 30 minutes ago and am now here.
not the normalfag you replied to, but holy shit. you did bank it. it's been a while since i felt genuine envy.
Dude incels are all losers. None of them are true to any of their ideologies. Volcel for life.
Not really, seeing as I have already escortceled in the past. Still no unpaid fucks at almost 37.
Though I do think hanging around the online incel &amp; foreveralone communities would be ill-advised if one actually gets (and keeps) a GF.
The classy thing to do is leave; whether they announce it or not. It does not seem to be a big deal when someone on FA announces their escape.
I believe 4chan is more nuanced, so I wouldn't leave it, but I would take a break from /r9k/ while I was having sex.
There's also that thing when guys escape, they still feel empty and still want to commiserate with their online bros.
Been there done that, i've had 3 previous relationships for months one even lasted over a year. the shit is retarded. all of you faggots that think you're going to go through some pokemon type shit evolution, where all of a sudden you love everything because you got some pussy. you are retarded. they were all chill, pretty well manned, not whores, virgins. But their personas, what they liked, what they disliked. How they acted under stress, how they act when they are at fault at some shit. none of the viewpoints i held on women changed. its the same bullshit.
You can take the boy out of the farm, you can't take the farm out of the boy. Your viewpoints on women, what they do, how they act, how they react. All of it will still be seen through a dark tinted pair of glasses. We fucking brain rotted ourselves. haha. You think you're gonna be normal once it's all said and done. as cringe as it sounds we really are here forever.
i dont care enough about any of you to consider it "abandoning" lol. you "people" dont matter to me
I've never been an incel. I continue to be here because I've got laid from 4chan before.
Whats an NPNTNPNW
i get laid almost daily but i love larping here
where are the fucking jannies look at all these normies on our board. they will ban me for saying NIGGERS but not the faggots
If it is your board then remove the posts that hurt your feefees. Or continue to seethe, incel.
ive been posting on 4chan since before you born most likely. this whole site is filled with rotten to the core disgusting unfunny zoomers now. the only entertainment this place holds is laughing at them, everything else is garbage
Kek
Indeed. I am so Black Pilled and used to being alone now that I don't want a relationship and all the social bullshit and pressures that goes with that.
I really just want a woman who wants to hang out and fuck me a lot; even if it's a MILF/GILF. Even better if they can't get pregnant.
Naturally, I cannot get even that. Fuck apps ruined things to much for average men, that even walled women have options.
You think everyone started using the internet at 16 or something?
Even during the early 2000 there where people that let their kids use the internet without supervision.
Not to mention that older kids loved to show cool/weird/disgusting things to younger kids, so plenty of people discovered old /b/ fairly young, it's just that most of them only lurked, never posted.
I was on 4chan since 2008 which is newfag era but still early. I am a wizard so I know my powers is to seethe at normies
I was never a part of the incel community. The incel community came here after I had already gotten laid. I wish you would return to your le heckin' sub.
I never understood why incels don't see the obvious contradiction. Just more low IQ excuses.
i 100p agree with this, which applies to men as well. the only difference is that we are honest about it.
I don't even have to pull out my both sides shit to call you a retard. Come back when you actually have something I can agree with you on.
Preach my brother the bots are everywhere its crazy
already have left this shithole in 2020 these days I dotn even lurk
you prolly humble bragposted so every thing worked out fine
