Is it possible to find a girl who would save me from my lonely existence if I'm ugly but I'm rich?
on a superficial level for your wealth, she might press you for marriage so she can divorce rape you
Noone can save from loneliness because it ultimately comes from inside.A girlfriend can fix your self esteem issues though if you feel like a cast out freak but loneliness is something you must deal with yourself
dont listen to this moron. it doesn't come from the inside. it is literally gifted externally from other people. we are biologically noncompromisinginly aboslutely totally 100% built to only attain non-loneliness and happiness with other people, and romantic love when you're young NOT based on money/income but merely on how tall and handsome you are is essential to this.
all else is seething malding cope and needs to touch grass.
You can be surrounded by people and still feel lonely as shit. Studies show that benefits of socialisation are best if you keep it limited to 2 hours. What about the rest of the day? It all comes to down to accepting the inner vaccum.
And what if I don't want to get married but just want someone to pretend they love me for a while who I can come back home to?
if youre fine with being a cuck surely it isn't beyond the realm of possibility
I'm not fine with being cucked, infidelity or cheating so I guess it's over for me
cope seethe mald dilate. studies show missing out on socializing for more than a few days has a permanent destructive effect on your brain that is irreversible. seethe mald dilate and touch grass.
it isn't a sure thing that she will cheat on you, maybe if she realizes that she loses the life of luxury by doing so. she won't be happy, if she only likes you for your money. not a great situation to strive for
Yes but can't attraction or love grow or are women not like that?
I'd srsly pose as NEET to avoid gold-diggers
no ROMANTIC love and attraction are instantaneous upon seeing a guy for the first time for women.
How rich are we talking? 80k? Six figures? Because women will go for you if you give them gifts, sometimes money, and most will do any and everything to keep you if you keep up with their golddigger impulses. You have the golden ticket, does not matter how ugly you are.
$600k a year
Wish I were gay
where do you live? are you white?
USA and yeah I am
