Give it to me straight, robots. Will we see IRL sapient gynoids in our lifetimes? I want my 2B waifu.
i fucking hope so man i cant take these real life foids any more
Probably not, but they can't come soon enough
nope, the tech will exist but will be made illegal
If it makes the elites a ton of money they wont listen to the screeching toilets
we will for sure have the technology, but its uncertain if it will happen
basically, what will happen, is ai will become smarter than humans, and basically take over the world. it will do all jobs, with humanoid robots, and it will have its own ethics and value system. it will be judge, jury and executioner, like god
personally, it seems to me, that once ai becomes intelligent enough, it will be no different than god, and will have all of god's characteristics. and traditionally, most theists have said that god is merciful, tolerant, and values justices. god's judgement is perfect, and once ai reaches a certain point, its judgement will be perfect
this would include if you DESERVE to have a perfect beautiful teenage ai waifu robot gf. MORALS come into play
now, i dont know what god deems as good, or what ought to be. traditional religions have taught respect for others and whatnot, but im not entirely sure these are god's values. god and releaved religions is not the same thing
be best way to know of god is through philosophical arguments, for and against him. thats why i listen to theological philosophy so much. ai got me to believe in god
this poster has the right thinking. we will, without a doubt, have the technology, but that doesnt mean you will get it
they make more money selling lonely people shit to consume, so they make damn sure people stay empty and lonely. why sell the cure when you can keep people hooked on poison?
money isnt going to exist, and human labour will be economically irrelevant, in the same way a gorilla's labour is irrelevant to the human economy
we dont think about gorilla labor, like climbing trees to get food or grooming. human labour will be as irrelevant as that
but in the between-time between strong ai and now, there will be some sort of soft-robo-ai waifu's. they wont be perfect and will be expensive, but they will be available for a short time
