Why are women so predictable. Their taste in men is all exactly the same. Why aren't there any women who like shy guys? Or at least aren't bothered by it? I'm not deluding myself, I know I shouldn't be shy, but I'd never reject a girl for being that way herself. Why do men have such wide ranging tastes in women, while women all just want to be with the same guy?
I am pretty sure there are women who are tops
Their taste in men is all exactly the same
Thats because women had to select for traits in men that are evolutionarily advantageous and make him a good provider, protector, fighter, etc. Shy guys dont have social protection and they are betas who are unable to defend their families and women. 
Men have the luxury of selecting for completely dysgenic and stupid criteria because they didnt face pressure to survive.
55 year old dominatrices on fetlife
men have the right to be picky, not women
lolmao
stupidest take I've ever seen almost every one of my female friends are desperate for shy bfs (I already have mine)
I am pretty sure there are women who are tops
God I hope so.
i think there are a lot of men who are turned off by assertive women though. they're considered bitchy or masculine.
op if youre shy whats your usual route of asking women out. how did they know youre shy?
in nearly every single aspect women are less likely to deviate from the average than men are.
it explains most of their behavior. even when they try being counterculture they end up following a basic starter pack.
Same goes for men. Perky tits. Narrow waist. Wide hips. Shapely ass. White or Asian or Latina. Young and fertile. Some things are just human and universal and only those fucked in the head stray from the norm
Because I talk quietly and am usually pretty nervous. I know that's a horrible way to be when approaching a girl, and I try to calm myself down beforehand, but for whatever reason I can't. There are also girls who have tried to be flirty with me and get icked out when they see how shy I am about talking to them.
sounds like you're loveshy.
means your life is bricked.
unironically i think you are scaring the hoes. personally if a man walked up to me and started whispering to me it would freak me out bc that sounds like something a serial killer would do
have you tried being upfront about the fact that youre shy/nervous instead of just letting them assume? women are taught to assume the worst abt strangers but i would be very flattered if a guy came and said i made him nervous
ppl on here are terminally online &amp; full of brainworms so theyll tell u otherwise but if youre even willing to talk to women there's some hope for u. gl
Their taste in guys comes down to good genes and confidence. Men who have confidence have been positively reinforced their whole lives making them more assertive and successful. Being sheepish and weak just isn't a desirable trait. Men have their niche tastes based on what they can get mostly.
i assume every man who isn't chad is creep
kill yourself
I don't know. I never have tried that before, but I would only do it if a girl showed some kind of interest in me beforehand. Like a hair flip or if she smiled at me or something. But that's very rare for me. i also think most girls find confidence attractive so it would be kind of humiliating to tell them I'm shy
Why aren't there any women who like shy guys? Or at least aren't bothered by it?
There are
while women all just want to be with the same guy?
They don't 
You are observing exclusively a combination of 1) attractive young women (the only ones you take notice of irl) and 2) curated internet content you shovel-feed yourself, which leads you to form these thoughts and conclusions. Many such cases.
I think it's more down to your natural personality. I know a guy who got bullied as a kid, he had extremely abusive parents too. But to this day, he's still confident and assertive, he was always like that.
Perky tits
that's a fat lie and you know it
Narrow waist
literally anyone can achieve this
Wide hips
women just have wider hips naturally
Shapely ass
another lie, go squat if you're insecure about it
White or Asian or Latina
i myself prefer darker skin
Young and fertile
literally every female on the planet is offered these
literally every female on the planet is offered these
What do you mean by this
exactly what i said, every single woman is young at some point, unless she fucking dies as a kid i guess
Shy, Confident, Reserved, so on
The difference between confidence and narcissism (not as in psychiatry) is how attractive a man is.
The difference between being mentally deranged and being a psychopath is how attractive a man is.
The difference between sexual battery and flirting is how attractive a man is.
The difference between being shy and being reserved is how attractive a man is.
Anon, personality is a myth, and human intellect is so limited that cognition is rather an ancient psyop.
have you gone outside today?
most
emphasis on that word, if youre looking for someone to date, why would you want to convince them you're confident when youre actually very shy? 
i know many women personally who have dated/expressed interested in quiet guys, im dating a shy guy rn, i cant tell u the amount of times ive heard my gfs make jokes about quiet guys being great in bed (at least in my age range, 19-22) theres definitely a market, plus being self-aware instead of trying to front something else is a +
that pretty much every single woman was young at some point.
The difference between confidence and narcissism (not as in psychiatry) is how attractive a man is.
i would argue the difference between confidence and arrogance is whether the general opinion of the guy is good or not, women are slaves to whatever take will guarantee them social approval
the general opinion of the guy is good or not
And the difference between a good general opinion and a bad general opinion is how attractive a man is.
Well then you're wrong about the fertile part because plenty of women are naturally infertile. As for age, you're moving away from the point. They're stating that men all like the same thing, and provided it as an example, so they are correct in their point. 
Also plenty of women are not young, even if they once were. This is like talking about how women don't like bald men and being like "well every guy had hair at some point!" Sure, but that doesn't really contribute to the discussion of the issues bald men face.
Also
literally anyone can achieve this 
Most, maybe, but I have seen the occasional female born with very unfortunate mannish body shape that literally just can't.
plenty of women are naturally infertile
Cope, it's their age.
As for age, you're moving away from the point
Cope, 5% of women from 20 to 25 years of age are infertile, 10% from 25 to 30, 15% from 30 to 35, 20% from 35 to 40 and 30% from 40 to 45.
This is like talking about how women don't like bald men
Cope, being bald doesn't affect a man's health like how your decaying ovaries fucks your bones and vaginas up. 
Most, maybe
Cope, a poop transplant can transfer a sload into a mannequin. 
occasional female born with very unfortunate mannish body shape
Cope, it's their ovaries putting out for they are sloads with testosterone out of control.
men prefer saggy to perky tits
u ok anon
shapely ass is a lie
huh. what.
prefer darker skin
i already figured you for fucked in the head but now you seem to have proved that anon right
Cope, it's their age. 
Explain girls who find out they are infertile as young as their early teens?
being bald doesn't affect a man's health like how your decaying ovaries fucks your bones and vaginas up. 
Except that wasn't the manner of comparison between the two. Both are conditions plenty of people have and those people struggle with dating, and telling them they once were different doesn't contribute anything of value, its just attention seeking. When bald men are discussing how being bald affects their dating lives, you don't just come in screeching about how they had hair once, unless you are mentally unwell.
Explain girls who find out they are infertile as young as their early teens?
Yes, and that's way below 5% making the term "plenty", a big fat cope.
This is like talking about
wasn't the manner of comparison between the two
Cope + it should not because an old woman isn't like an old man, the sexes were never equal. What an old women goes through isn't like what an old man goes through, an vice versa of course.
A woman's allure is in her fat distribution, while a man's allure is in his bones.
Which is exactly why "patriarchy" was enforced. The type of men that they choose are NOT the ones who are holding society and literally everyone else up. Before, they could just go into a small village and rape and steal and murder all they want. Now that the betas made society and keep it functioning behind the scenes, the foids are selecting for traits that are actually disadvantageous to reproduction.
Do you have any women friends who have told you specifically about their taste in guys?
Personally, I find shy guys cute (and by shy guy, I don't mean guy who is shy and conveniently is also 6 feet tall and has abs).
6 feet tall and has abs
So outdated, 6'4 is the new 6' now.
Prime women don't care about anything except if you're a tall white handsome Chad.
Literally nothing else.
What an old women goes through isn't like what an old man goes through
Both become unattractive. No, old men are not appealing to young women besides gold diggers. Pic related.
while a man's allure is in his bones.
And having hair. Lol
Hurr durr every women gets thousands of matches on Tinder but men are picky
Thats because women had to select for traits in men that are evolutionarily advantageous and make him a good provider, protector, fighter, etc
yeah in fucking 500 BC you stupid fucking foid
Women are the most racist and superficial creatures on earth. All of them just want a tall white Chad and that is why wokeism is an absolute joke.
Every woke woman I have met only dates tall white chads. 
Literal self parodies.
I'm crying a river rn for you anon. What are prime women to you? Skinny white pretty Stacies? lolol
Women are animals and proud of it. 
People tell men we must evolve past our primal urges but women are encouraged to be as animalistic as possible.
Tries to sell me that only 40+ women will want to be with someone like Jason Momoa because he's now 43.
Keep coping.
And having hair
Yes.
Skinny pretty white/latina/arab women 16-25 are prime women.
I don't like black women or asians as mongoloid noses are gross. Indian girls can be attractive but most are grossly skinnyfat.
Yeah, women only care about being a tall white Chad. Especially the woke ones.
Nothing to cry about. Women are basic animals and everything else you've heard is a lie.
Ok anon good points but have you considered yaaaOOOOOOOOOOOOOURRRRRRRGHHHHJBLEEEEGHHHHHHJJAKAKKAKAKAKAKAOAOAOKAKAKAWAKAROOOOPOOOOYAAAAAAHAHAUAAAAAAAAjd
I had the privilege of talking to one for a while 
I wish I could have married her 
I love you Mahsa
Women nowadays are so fat and gross I don't know why anyone would even care. The majority are obese. You're not going to get one with a normal physique unless you're a 6'+ white Hollywood movie star.
Do you really care that much about sleeping with an obese woman? What is that going to give you?
Do you want to cart her around in her scooter to medical appointments when she turns 40?
Even if she starts thin, she will almost certainly become obese by 35.
It's a pointless game unless you are in the top 1% of male physical beauty from birth.
NTA but i'm not picky. you can be a butterface, chubby (im not into fat girls), whatever. just be okay with shy guys and preferably watch anime and play vidyas with me.
Is she wrong tho? If any of these weak men have a son, will they be able to protect it?
Being shy means you are trans.
Think God I am a 5'8" Chad. Young pussy is the best there is
Protect it from what? It's 2023.
Sure, your retarded outlier explains everything.
People who think bullying is bad are the outliers
because they are the personification of nature, which is amoral, harsh, unforgiving and cruel.
lost of philosophers from many different cultures across many millennia have said this.
the story of survival for man is the building of civilization, civil society, laws and ideals to contain the horrific state of nature. while for women it is to find and be with the tallest, widest, most violent men who do not need civilization to thrive.
civilization is an inherently male and inherently anti-female and misogynistic phenomenon.
Why aren't there any women who like shy guys?
What are you on about Anon they do like shy guys its just shy Chads......... Women have a taste as individual as they are......
True redpill. Men are stupid for breeding dysgenic 4'11 goblins who can't even have babies without having their wombs cut open. And mentally women are fucking betas
I like to think it's an extension on imprinting theory.
For those who aren't aware; imprinting theory is the idea that people's sexual preferences are determined in childhood, where a child may develop preferences for partners similar to one of their parents. That's the boiled-down version.
I suspect that this has some survival or procreational advantage. With the idea being that we instinctively try to follow a pattern that has worked successfully before.
Please take this paranoid Walter
women want chad
men want stacy
For fuck's sake, can we stop with this crap? Stop glorifying female standards.
They're the arbiters of the species!!!
No, they aren't. Most men are perfectly suitable partners. Women are just picky cunts.
Why aren't there any women who like shy guys? Or at least aren't bothered by it?
There are
while women all just want to be with the same guy?
They don't
You're only kind of right. While you're correct that there are some women who like men who differ from the norm of what's considered attractive, there's barely any of them compared to their male equivalent.
If you think of a desirable positive trait in a man or woman, there's a lot more men who'd find the equivalent negative trait attractive in a woman than there are women who'd find that trait attractive in a man.
For example, tall men and short women are generally considered to be more "desirable" than their opposites. Yet while there's an absolute ton of men who specifically find tall women to be attractive and desirable, women who find short men attractive are so few in number they're practically non-existent. Same goes for most other physical traits, and a lot of mental traits too.
 be shy moid
 a woman approaches you
 you are nervous so you dont answer her or tell her off or run away
"uhhh why do women not like shy guys???"
If the genders were reversed in this situation, the only reason why a man would still be intrrested in said woman is if he was a rapist.
A "shy" woman is quiet and modest, while still friendly and emotional, a "shy" man is avoidant, cold and pushes people away. You are not the same. If there were men who were "shy" in the same cute way women are they would be seen as attractive by way more people.
Lol, no. Men can't be "cute". It's revolting, especially to women.
No one is glorifying human standards, you just don't understand evolution. Women are the evolutionary bottleneck because their rate of reproduction is limited whereas men can reproduce with infinite women. This means women were optimized by evolution to be pickier. It's called sexual selection. This was a massive driving force in how humans evolved.
 be shy moid
 a woman approaches you
Your scenario is already immediately impossible, purely because women don't approach men that aren't Chads appearance-wise.
The same reason all mammals have very similar organs and structures. There are very specific patterns and behaviors which worked in the past. Women are the 'receptive' sex so they have less latitude for successful behavior evolutionarily. In other words, all the girls who naturally (I mean due to non-environmental factors, not tall girls who got insecure form their upbringing) liked short and weak guys got selected against. That's why the vast majority of women prefer tall men. You could apply this to many different things. Not to mention, usually dominant women are expressing successful male traits to lesser effect since that gene is so good when on a male that it outweighs the negative when expressed in a female.
Im really shy. That plays in my favor because girls assume Im mysterious(Im reasonably handsome)
Unfortunately as soon as I talk the illusion is completely shattered
so im incentivized to continue to not talk to them to maintain the outsider bad boy persona
if only i wasnt broken lol
It's not 10,000 years ago anymore retard.
This.
Do you think its correlated to the expansion of social media and online dating which has given women unlimited access to friends, simps, money, sex, relationships and marriage.
Seems all those can be ordered by a click on button if you are female.
The entry bar has been lowered so much for women that they don't even have to take care of themself anymore and there is literally no competition. The few cute Stacy's left in the world with a bmi &lt;20 all date the same Hollywood actor anyway.
social media and online dating which has given women unlimited access to friends, simps, money, sex, relationships and marriage.
Seems all those can be ordered by a click on button if you are female.
The entry bar has been lowered so much for women that they don't even have to take care of themself anymore and there is literally no competition
So true. Women complain so much about men not having their shit together without ever looking in the mirror or realizing men value different traits in their partner than women. A women who is simply nice and grounded is infinitely more attractive than a bitchy, entitled girl with a 'good' job and career. The juice simply isn't worth the squeeze anymore and huge amounts of men get demoralized from dating apps and being perniciously pushed into inceldom by Chads' soft harems that they give up. The worst part is society demonizes them for this all and demoralizes them even more in the process, just reinforcing the negative spiral
women love shy guys anon what are you on about
My bf is cute and I love him for that. Its not men its "you". Try better.
faggots dont count
Genetics are irrelevant when you can forcefeed your offspring HGH
Their taste in men is all exactly the same.
You faggots have actually reduces women to meme categories like stacy or becky because you're too retarded to think of people as differentiated kek
men and incels try to rationalize what a women is
not realizing they are a ball of chaos that has not form of coherent rational thought beyond emotive needs like a wild dog
the moment you understand their animalness and lack of basic humanity, is the moment you understand women.
