Everyone cant win.
You are the end of your bloodline and your parents resent you for it, they wont say anything or maybe they will it will come in small nudges and it will fucking kill you inside everytime your hear them
The biggest things holding me back are a direct result of the genes they gave me. Fuck them.
My mother was 40 when she gave birth to me ffs, that's just retarded no matter how you slice it.
please stop hitting me
Same. My mom's genes are clearly what made me incel. She had me at 29 though.
ngl this made me laugh. having a child at 40 is terrible
Let me guess you arent talking about being deformed hunchbacks but your mom gave you the "autist genes"(narcisism) or the "adhd genes"(narcisism) and you cant get a girl because you're too focused on your meme identities?
My mom gave me high estrogen/low T genes. My small frame (thin wrists etc.) and small skull come from her too. And my mom actually has ADHD but I don't.
you would make a wonderful wife, i would would kill to be actually cute so be grateful
post suicidefuel
tfw i will never choke out and kiss and feel a korean girls neck
hello? its over department?
Problem is I'm not gay. Facially very ugly too.
Her plastic surgery wont pass on to her children.
If you want to have a child with a asian you need to save up 100k$+ for all the facial surgery they will need
nta but why do all niggas from here gaslight you with trooning out once you actually list your deformities
told this six foot lanky ass i'm literally a 5'5 manlet and he says he would kill to have my body type like huh??
I think Japanese Korean and Chinese women are beautiful but you all know how it is
That existing is fucking exhausting
Low T comes from living in your basement since birth, thin wrists come from not training them. Kek I guess having height and looks is not enough for some niggers they manage to blame their life's problems on fucking WRISTS lmfao kys monkey.
this made me sad :(
blood shaming
Gross.
Yes thin wrists are terrible. And if you look like this it doesn't matter if you're 6'0
Many of you may not relate but for me it's living in a turd world shithole with massive income inequality and shit policing. Just accidentally messing with a rich kid belonging to some rich family high on whatever shit he is on can leave you crippled for life or even death. The kid will ofcourse face minimum consequences because who cares if some random turd worlder pleb dies. Not even his family cares enough to spend family fortune to get "justice".
This makes me want to shoot up a synagogue
I made the thread sure hope I dont get the police knocking on my door in tandem with yours kill yourself retard
Enjoy your v&amp; kek
based department?
post nose
you're welcome faggot
My mom said she wishes she could go back in time to not have me. I agreed.
Fed posting
This. As someone who is almost 6'0 tall, having a thin upper body frame is a death sentence for your masculinity.
I've managed to gain some after working out casually for a year or so but man the small frame... the thin wrists... the thin neck... the gay alien skull made even worse by being bald, thanks again parents for those wonderful genes.
The worst part is you can't tell anybody any of this unless they are blackpilled and acknowledge reality for what it is so you just have to suffer in silence around normies while still being judged (both consciously and subconsciously) for your fucking bone structure that you can't control.
