This. SO MUCH THIS. You aren't a 'nice guy' or a 'gentleman', you're a creepy incel.
They do? What a retarded non-argument, if you have resting bitch face you're going to be told to smile regardless of your sex, I'm a dude and I get told to smile my both men and women because I perpetually look pissed off.
I do, though. I also complement them on their looks and give them advice.
Also Laci Green is a right wing grifter
a man passed me on the street the other day and said "smile it could be worse" . it could also be better.
I don't know... Old people have told me to smile and I'm a guy...
smiling is something you do to attract men. why would i go around telling other dudes "hey, could you look a little more gay please"
No it doesn't.
I don't care if men smile, because men smiling adds nothing to the world. In fact, it usually detracts from it; grave men are generally superior to smiling men.
A woman smiling improves the world, whether I have any sexual interest in her or not.
retarded thread made by a gay retard.
the twitter post is about a woman problem where its really annoying for them that guys feel the need to tell them to smile more. guaranfuckingtee that the stereotypical incel dont do that shit.
What he means is that it could be unfathomably freefall impossibly worse. Worse than you'd ever imagine.
What I'd give to turn the clock back even five years. Really appreciate every moment, they go away.
Certified spastic, mald cause bald, suicide NAO.
Normalize not smiling
Gentlemen/nice guys are incels, though.
I JUST REWROTE THE RULES
There is some implicit sexism there, though. An unsmiling man is serious and grave; an unsmiling woman is a stupid cunt.
And yeah, I see it the same way. Because there ARE men who are just serious and grave, but an unsmiling woman almost always IS just a stupid cunt. But I understand why they see it as sexism when we allow men to be serious and not women.
Only people to ever tell me to smile were women. Get the fuck off our board. Even your tits aren't enough to get me to tolerate you.
we don't tell each other to smile because we know there's nothing to smile about in this world, ignorant, deluded happiness is a female privilege once you're past childhood
I am dude and i get told to smile more by women.
How the world goes round
Thats like saying you need to give your little brother the same advice you give your little sister.
everyone knows that women are better than men, so when a man asks a woman to smile, its because she 1) deserves to smile and 2) it would bring joy to other men.
men, in contrast, are inferior, and their smiles not infectious. Thus, it only makes sense and is normal / well-intended when it is to a woman.
they do. women have done it to me too. you fucking tard.
