why the fuck does this board still exist, its just a bunch of whinny incels whinning about how they can get laid, but whenever someone tries to actually give any kind of advice he gets shot down and labeled a normalfag. its like you fuckers would rather wallow in your own self delusional pity than actually try and kind even a modicum of happiness just because you fuckers think its impossible. how ther fuck would you know if you dont fucking try, and the reaction that this post is going to get is just gonna prove my point. what little sympathy i had for you fuckers is long since gone
pic somewhat related
What is a laid? Not sure what you're on about mate.
Such a horrendous loss for all of us! Who will tell us to be ourselves now? Who are you trying to help anyways? This is as much of a incel forum as it is a female/troon rp forum or /pol/ or a coom forum.
this baord is a containment board for incels and the like. it was deleted in 2010 because moot didnt like incels and brought back like 9 months after as a containment board
i wonder what made him bring it back, and who persuaded him to bring it back
same. i used to relate to the people here for the simple fact of me also hating other people, but now i hate all of these fags here too
Who cares, it's practically dead anyway. It's just a pale shadow of what it used to be. There were always tons of losers but also people with a wider experience of life here and there and it was more interesting. Oh well, who cares
99% of this board is anti-incel reddit bluepill glownigger faggotry though. Where exactly are the incel threads?
Pretty stupid to assume that no one here ever tried. Your "advice" gets shut down because it's stupid, simple as
Based and true, this board is a Chinese fingertrap because you only belong if you identify as a self defeating loser, and you can only stay in peace if you retain that miserable, self fulfilling mindset. Fuck r9k
well i guess your right, better that their dribble is contained here than having it spread to the rest of this already god forsaken website
are you blind? or ju8st retarded
i identify as a traffic cone faggot, why dont you return to plebbit where you can bitch and moan about muh inkwels in peace
This place is nothing more than crabs in a bucket plus trannies who want to groom insecure virgins to their suicide cult
What does inkwell mean, I always see you fags say that but never know the actual meaning
