why do ugly men think they can score with femboys? i have my dms filled with orbiters and 1000s of matches with hot guys just like biofems
You will never be cute.
Because you're a femme little faggot that has decided to become a dick receptacle. You shouldn't get choices; you should get pinned in a parking lot and fucked until you're crying and need butthole surgery. 
Femboy faggots are literally built for ugly loser cock.
i know that's why i ignore you just like women but unlike women you come to pester me anyway probably looking for an addition to your orbiter farm and then get mad at me when i don't bite
I am a fat ugly loser and I claim >>73105002 (OP) as my own personal femboi
Just share him in the parking lot with your fellow robots, we can go get a new one after. These sluts expire at around 25 anyway.
you make me seethe and you're equally as worthless as your orbiters
twink death's gonna hit you hard
Crazy how fast femboys became popular and started to have high standards like femalegirls.
It's weird, huh? 
It was better when gay boys just happened to enjoy playing at being feminine and crossdressing for you sometimes, instead of creating an identity around it. I miss my younger twink boylove and I met him literally elevem years ago on /a/ and he was too good for me, and now I get pissed at the boys I want to fuck because no one will ever even come close to how amazing he was. He started liking girls more and we severed ties. I think he's the only person I ever truly loved. I hate being a faggot but I still often think about him and miss him, and it's been 7 years since we last talked. I wish I hadn't been so afraid to be ousted as bisexual back then, I might've been able to have a real relationship with him if I was bolder. Fuck my gay life.
glad you at least admit it, femboys and trans sometimes have HIGHER standards than cis women because they are smaller portions of the population and more in demand in some ways
i wish i could be someones boylove.
it's absurd. i think theres definitely a government agenda in place. they literally appeared out of nowhere
Unfortunately i have similar story but its been just over year we were together and i miss him alot hope i dont miss him after that many years it might happen tho.
It was a painful experience, but I knew it would end because I was a coward that couldn't court him properly. I wish I'd made him my prince and not been such a fucking weak-minded shithead. I was a sobbing, drunken mess when he told me he'd been doing some certain things with a certain girl he'd dropped hints about.
God I miss him.
you will never be a woman. calling us "biofems" doesn't change the fact that you're an ersatz hole for prison gay incels to cum in when they can't find literally any woman who wants them.
It's not really some constant thing, this thread just reminded me of it, and when I reflect on it I miss him. I don't hate him, he's a genuinely good person. I always felt so fucking inferior to him, though. Sometimes we'd spend like 9 hours just chatting on Skype and then whispering sweetly to each other in the later hours over mic and eventually masturbating together.
that's so cute anon, and i'm so sorry for you. i hope you find someone who makes you feel as good as he did.
sorry dude. atleast you had something with someone.
cope and seethe. i fuck chads better than you prude women
Thank you, anons, that's very sweet. Sometimes when I get like this I think about him and just really fucking miss him. I really wonder if he ever thinks about me anymore.
have you tried dating since losing him?
