Why aren't more guys sympathetic to the struggle women have in trying not to cheat?
Stop taking it personally, maleanons.
Because I have deep seated mommy issues and refuse to believe women aren't manipulative psychopaths
I don't take it personally anymore. I used to when i didn't understand women. They are slaves to their biology, just like men.
i love how when (((studies))) pretended men cheat more, it was another "MEN BAD, WOMEN GOOD" agenda push. and now that it's truthfully acknowledged women cheat more, these pieces of shit try to justify cheating behavior. it's all so tiresome
I would be more sympathetic if women owned up to their cheating instead of constantly crying, truing to manipulate men into staying, and siphoning resources from their cuck husbands, because at least then men would know what they are getting into. But instead women do all this and more, because they are bloodsuckers on society. At least when they were confined to the kitchen they would cheat on you AND cook you dinner, but now even that is just a fantasy reserved for the rich.
All women want to cheat, chud. They need variety and you're being a misogynist if you don't respect that.
If you love something than let it be free. Not trying to be sound like a cuck but no relationship is better than a relationship where you try to control someone else. It's kind of an anger inducing thing I heard some woman say that you can expect someone to not find other people attractive just because you are in a committed relationship.
you are 100% a cuck
How am I a cuck? You are only creating a hostile environment around to trying to control other people. Just let them go.
It's neither my problem women are so meticulous that for purely materialist reasons they choose from whom they're not attracted to nor is it my problem they're too underwhelming to be with men whom they wouldn't cheat on.
This, women hate controlling behavior that doesn't get them off, especially in the context of feminism. You're just asking to get cheated on in a spiteful display of 'showing him who is a girl boss'. Expecting women to have emotional control based on empathy is naive, especially when they've been brainwashed from birth to think that unbridled sexual appetite is the equivalent of self realization.
Honestly girls don't say no to guys You could rg2p2 a girl and she'll like it
thats some cuck philosophy
in russia, they say "if he loves you, he will beat you"
My ex cheated on me. I've felt fucking worthless ever since it happened. She made zero efforts to fix our relationship, it was as if one day she was loyal and loving and the next she stopped giving a damn about me entirely. I poured my blood, sweat, tears, years of hard work, years of comforting her and helping her at every single fucking turn, years of never complaining when she acted out, taking care of her while she did therapy, reassuring her, etc. She left me anyways and now she's happily with the man she cheated with and I'm alone. I now suffer frequent anxiety attacks, feelings of worthlessness, I work a dead end job, and I low-key want to die. I have no sympathy for my ex because she cheated and frankly, I hope her current relationship dies or goes bad and she spirals into rock bottom like I have. But no, she's gonna use this poor fuck until she's bored of him too and pussy voodoo will make sure she doesn't go hungry or cold for a single goddamn night. Maybe I'll recover from this, maybe not, but I do know that losing something I worked so fucking hard for changed me in ways I don't like. That is why I'm taking it personally.
I just said that you should cut off the relationship or live like a cuck before trying to control other person. 
Who say this? Men? Isn't Russia also a fucked up country with rampant STDs and drug abuse?
Oathbreakers should be executed.
be handsome(muh face)
still cheats
be very wealthy(muh status)
still cheats
have a criminal record as big as a novel(muh dark triad)
still cheats
have a 10 inch dick with a girth that causes an instant orgasm by simply putting it in(muh dik)
still cheats
Be able to easily beat the shit out of anyone in a fight(muh strength)
still cheats
still cheats
Foids are impossible to satisfy bros
There is always a bigger Chad.Also don't pretend like men don't do this lol. They start hating their wives the moment they start having wrinkles and saggy breasts.
Why would I cheat on my bf when most guys are ugly and have crappy personalities and will probably not even make me cum? My bf has a decent sized dick eats pussy and lives with me. It's cheaper and easier to just stay with him. I am too lazy to cheat and the risk assessment doesn't even make it seem worth it. Even if chad thundercock offered to take me to his hotel I'd have to pass sounds like a lot of effort and stress to again probably not even cum from him also hed give me some weird std ive only heard about on tv like gonorrhea or herpes
people enter marriages willingly with the knowledge it's a lifelong deal, it's not "controlling" to except your spouse to keep up their end of the deal, stupid coping cuckold
just let the bitch go, anon. She showed her true colors and you should be greatful for that, better early than when you're 65.
Most Chads are only like 2 of those traits I just listed
Most cheaters aren't married couples but people in casual relationships.
Low test faggot women are mentally ill they lust after men who will beat the shit out of them, rape them and kill them thats why they hate men who act in the opposite manner the "nice guys".
Top tier bait from the journalist that wrote that headline. Everyone including women themselves know several reasons why it's more likely for them to cheat.
then it literally doesn't matter, just ghost the bitch
Why did you expect from the one who destroyed something to put effort into fixing what they want destroyed, anon? 
Cheating on you was her announcement that you two have broken off each other, anon. There was nothing to get fixed.
Well most chads wouldn't fret over an ex as they'll be balls deep in the next chick within a week max.
So it's definitely still an advantage to be a chad.
