After being recommended crime and punishment countless times I finally gave in and I reached the famous part, the part where Raskolnikov tells Sonia that 
It hurts bros, right in the home of the heart, I grew up and still live in poverty and filth, my mind is blighted and I hate myself yet I don't have the motivation nor the willpower to change it, everything I do is to seek a momentary thrill, something that will give me the small burst of dopamine that I need, even though minutes later I regret and hate what I've done. Lying, stealing, violence, envy, lust and porn, all of it.
it's just a book man don't read too much into it
Thats the point of books?
I hate the conditions I grew up in, I have no friends, no family, my parents are dead and gone and they weren't good when they were alive either.
I am the worst person I know, and if I saw myself in public I would spit on myself, and everything I do to seek that cheap thrill of dopamine only sabotages me and makes me a worse person and yet through it all I want better for myself.
It would honestly be better if I were truly evil and felt no remorse at the things I do, atleast then I wouldn't feel like I'm trapped inside my own mind and forced to see someone else yet that is also myself commit so many terrible acts.
Why do people miss the point of this line so hard? Its just some edgy and bitter retard mocking a women who degraded herself so her family can have a chance. The girl doens't have to introspect this one but the accuser does.
Embrace the dark side and seek power. Use your terrible memories as fuel. Throw away morals and seek to surpass those who wronged you. Even if nobody wronged you, do it out of spite for god, the universe, randomness, whatever is responsible for your suffering.
Because the difference between me and that poor girl is she did what she did to keep her family alive, everything that I do is to chase that sweet sweet dopamine.
I lie, i'm violent, i steal, I lust, I envy, everything. And all of that isn't what keeps me alive, I just do it because some sick part of me fucking likes it and yet I hate it at the same time.
good for you
because nothing you would do would change your situation
you are born poor, you will die poor
you would try then fail at everything, because the world is just against you
then you would hate yourself even more for trying and wasting time, when instead you could chase dopamine hits
i wish i fucking did that
yet i just wasted my best years on trying, achieving nothing
You are just a subhuman. I had a shitty upbringing too, ticked all the boxes in the traumatic childhood bingo, used my resentment as fuel, and now I'm doing far better than everyone I know. And I'm just getting started. You have failed but it wasn't inevitable. It's just you.
you can only transcend it by fully embracing the pain. don't mend yourself like everyone tells you to, reach the deepest lows, the border of suicide, the complete despair. that's where you'll find your answer. but trying to keep yourself just above the water won't cut it. you'll just be slowly eaten up by your past.
maybe everything is just against me, while you had it easy
you stupid fucking normalfag
No, I had a worse upbringing than you. Not a single moment in my life, everything against me. I'm just stronger.
Lol, good one. This comment is original.
