Did i fuck up?
Im freaking out bros. Do you think they know i said that because they are a fat lesbian couple? What do i do when i see them again?
whos gonna post this on r/greentext
Not at all, you saw some fags and pointed out that shit. Dont be a wise guy
Gross, why would anyone ever want to act like an italian? Mega cringe OP
It became sort of a tick i cant seem to get rid of
What if i see them again tho? Im thinking of starting to do my groceries in the evening now to avoid them. If i do see them and they ask me about it i can maybe say i was startled?
Next time you see them do what paulie does
Based paulie enjoyer
You what this is?
SATANIC BLACK MAGIC
Are you a strict catholic? Otherwise what you did has no meaning whatso.
Also I think this is pretty much a psyop because recently I ve gotten into The Sopranos quite a bit and you cunt come over here to check on my ass.
Fucking FBI cocksuckers
apologize and explain that you're on the spectrum and sometimes you do that as a tic like Tourette's. it's basically true anyway, just don't tell them it's from the show or anything, just say you do it randomly and you have no control over it.
I dont want any of that!
This "Zero" bullshit...
You must a been top of your fucking class
Sick shit!
I am in no mood today, im next, now get a fucking pastry box.
You tell those assholes Anon will not be intimidated. I will not be threatened or bribed. I go where i want to and where i want to. 
This seems like a good option. Im rehearsing what i will do and say if i come across them again like i do with phone calls, but idk if i can do it if its not written down.
Theyd eat putzi if it wasnt for our cuisine
You are very angry
Hopefully thats their perspective and they forget about the whole thing
probably just be best to act like it never happened unless one of them brings it up. they probably just laughed about it and then went on about their day. in a few days they'll have forgotten about it almost entirely.
Yeah, you are right. They will probably just forget about it or think it was just a weird noise. If not, i always got the two other options to fall back on. Thanks anon.
You're basically me. The difference is I don't give a fuck and think it's funny, even if I'm the only one that laughs.
My neighbors have probably heard hours worth of me practicing my Tony Soprano impression through the walls. I don't give a fuck. 
A faggot will and I hope they consider suicide.
Who cares what two fat dykes think about you dude? Wanna know why I don't give a fuck about my neighbors? It's because they wouldn't piss on me if I was on fire. Dumb fucks don't even say hi to me and they can't even be fucked to walk their trash to the dumpster half the time. 
I appreciate your kind heart and you seeming to genuinely care about strangers, but don't beat yourself up over two homos that never even thought "hm, anon upstairs seems lonely. That's a bit concerning, maybe we should introduce ourselves so he doesn't feel alone in a building full of people?"
Normalfags assume that self awareness=being able to control it. 
I used to be really bad with social cues and being able to tell if someone was serious or not. I had a gf that would say horrible things in a monotone voice just to fuck with me because she knew I genuinely couldn't tell. Then she'd turn around and say "you know you do ____, just fucking stop it then" when it'd be me, say, fucking up an interaction with one of her friends.
I've gotten much better with this sort of thing and I'm basically normalfag tier (mostly) when it comes to socializing, though not my social life itself because I just don't want to live like a normalfag. 
Point is, these fucks don't understand what they don't understand and he's better off just acting like he doesn't know what he did was wrong.
OP never had the makings of a varsity athlete.
My neighbors have probably heard hours worth of me practicing my Tony Soprano impression through the walls. I don't give a fuck.
Not OP, but can relate. I dont practice a particular character, and I just learn the entire dialogues of my favorite moments, the intonation, pauses, etc. I love the moment where Chrissy hits the waiter with a brick and I constantly find myself repeating it. XD
I also do the same with many other movies, series and story based videogames.
Do you think they know i said that because they are a fat lesbian couple?
No, they think you're a weird retard who said that because you're retarded.
Ignore them and act like it didn't happen. If they confront you about it, politely apologize and say you were so focused on what you were doing that they surprised you. Don't bring up anything about "fat" or "lesbian" and you're in the clear.
