Bisexual man here. I'm attracted to cock but not to men's faces nor the overall man body. Not romantically interested in men neither.
Am I fucked (no pun intented)? I feel my brain is rotted because of depression, porn and not getting women pussy. I cannot have a healthy normal REAL relationship with a man because of this. And I'm afraid of women even if I'm physically attracted to them (much more than men).
What's the solution? What can I do, anons?
imo sexuality is a spectrum, i think i'd only fuck an androgynous twink but actually cute ones are rare as fuck so I consider myself like 95% straight
It's OK to be bi. You can find an ongoing nsa hookup and find a clean guy to feed your cocklust 
I personally found a clean semi hung black man that can host and is into my kinks such as him facefucking me until I almost pass out and then gaping my butthole its all very fun stuff
i think i'd only fuck an androgynous twink but actually cute ones are rare as fuck so I consider myself like 95% straight
Yeah even transwomen are more numerous than androgynous twinks (especially cute ones).
Also, I admit I have fucked some MTF trannies but strangely enough I tend to not touch/suck their dick too much, I prefer fucking them they same way I would fuck a cis woman, especially the more passing ones.
just find a friend who's like that
I feel weird and uncomfortable having any kind of relationship with someone I don't really like at all (besides of cock).
Being attracted to cock is one of the gayest things you can be attracted to. Sorry to tell you anon
i like cute boys faces but im somewhat similar. i would suck a cute guy off but im not that into fucking them. i wish i was more gay so i could make women jelaous because some guys that were interested in me were drop dead gorgeous. i also wish i had bigger peenus so i could get fucked by smal pepee twink...
hang out with a guy and suck his dick it's not that bad
I did it multiple times but it just feels empty. There's no connection, actual attraction to him.
I'm the same way and have been my whole life. It never evolved past it either, years of jerking off to this fantasy hasn't made me any gayer.
I'm curious OP do you have any inclination as to why you have this attraction to cock? I know where mine comes from
I did it twice, both times with the same guy and I kind of agree. The part where I had his dick in my mouth was nice and all but ultimately the whole experience was kind of ruined by the fact that he was a stranger and I felt no attraction to him at all.
If I had a friend, like an actual real life friend that I liked hanging out with, shared interests with and stuff and he'd just let me give him blowjobs I'd enjoy it 100 times more. I can get over and have accepted the part where I won't be attracted to the whole man, but I feel like to be sexually satisfied in life I need to suck dick.
I'm curious OP do you have any inclination as to why you have this attraction to cock?
I think it's a mix between watching too much porn during teen years associating cocks to women aka pleasure and some kind of penis evny (even if I'm not self-conscious about my normal but kinda fat 6 inches dick).
I know where mine comes from
What's your story?
I feel my brain is rotted because of depression, porn and not getting women pussy. I cannot have a healthy normal REAL relationship with a man because of this. And I'm afraid of women even if I'm physically attracted to them (much more than men).
Are you literally me? (except for the part where you've had sex with trans girls and sucked multiple dicks) 
I'm also way more attracted to cocks than pussies, which in some ways ruin women for me. Women are beautiful, I'm incredibly attracted to them but whenever I think of sex, it just involves me playing around with dicks in one way or another. 
Women are terrifying, I don't have the self confidence to even try getting a gf
How old were you when you realized you liked dick? 
What's your story?
When I was very young an older teenage kid made me jerk him off, so jerking off a guy was literally my first exposure to anything sexual in life. Then when I got a little older I started masturbating together with friends, we'd try things like jerking each other off and that remained my only sexual experience in life. When I became a teen that stopped and I kind of forgot about it and started obsessing about girls, but with time I realized how much I liked looking at the dicks in porn and then I just kind of accepted that I've got this cock kink.
Just go to a gloryhole.
I cannot have a healthy normal REAL relationship with a man because of this. 
You just said you're romantically interested in men.
Just go to a gloryhole.
Too impersonal and dehumanizing for me.
You just said you're romantically interested in men.
No no. I WISH I was romantically interested in men so I can have an actual relationship with someone. But no, I only would have a GF.
Yeah me too and it's because of porn. Now I've even had a crush on a guy and WAS attracted to his face. He's one of very few.
For the most part I'm not attracted to guy's faces, I think some are handsome but not sexually attractive like a woman's face.
It's caused by porn. And quitting porn didn't make it go away either. I think it's permanent.
I never would have looked at porn if I knew what it would do to me. If only I could go back.
I don't know, if porn was responsible you'd expect more people to be into this, now it's pretty common but not THAT common. I feel like if you told a group of normies that you have this kink, they'd just look at you funny and assume you're a closet fag. 
I think some of us had this in us and porn made us realize it. Without porn, you may have gone through life without realizing it, or it may have taken a much longer time. 
Before I ever started abusing porn I would pause movies that had dicks in them just to look at them closer.
now blowanon. do you swallow?
the first time I met with the guy I pussied out last second and just jerked him off until he came.
The second time I let him cum directly into my mouth and swallowed it all. 
Since I'm writing about it anyway, I'll tell you what I found to be the hottest moment of the whole thing. Second time we met he started by blowing me, now truth be told I didn't care about getting my dick blown at all the reason I was there was to suck dick but he was an absolute pro at, either way him sucking me off left his dick fucking soaked in precum, so after about 5 minutes of servicing me he got up and undid his pants and pulled them down, I proceed to pull his dick out of his underwear and I see his throbbing wet cock, like literally dripping precum, in that moment facing his dick I was just recounting the thousands of times I had watched porn and just lusted after dicks, being there in person and like holding it in my hands and getting to suck that precum clean off his dick was the hottest moment of my life.
I was 18 years old at that moment.
I watched some shemale porn and at some point I realized I wanted to try sucking a cock. Even if I wasn't attracted to men or masculinity at all I wanted to just suck one because I couldn't eliminate this fantasy of my head. Then, one night, I went to a gay bar and ended up sucking some cock. I wasn't turned on psysically but somewhat I enjoyed psychologically the experience. Some cocks later I started getting hard about the thought and the act of sucking a man's dick.
Maybe I just self-induced to homosexuality (?)
But even that and that I'm a bit more attracted to men than 5 years ago, I'm still not really attracted to them. I would suck a cock, get my dick sucked and getting fucked if I'm really horny and drunk but it's just only that.
veri hot. how did it taste? do you know his diet? healthy lifestyle can improve the taste.
Before I ever started abusing porn I would pause movies that had dicks in them just to look at them closer.
Don't think I ever did this. I didn't start feeling this way until I used porn. But then again I never watched movies with dicks in them. 
I don't know, if porn was responsible you'd expect more people to be into this, now it's pretty common but not THAT common.
Well 1/5 zoomers are lgbt so that's pretty common and those are just the ones admitting to it. But eh. Maybe it's overinflated too.
his cum tasted nothing at all, no bitterness no nothing. The feeling of his dick pulsating in my mouth was real hot. 
I've tasted my own cum, his definitely tasted better, mine has a slight bitterness to it, nothing foul but his went down real pleasantly.
i feel like i would be pretty good. in my teenage years i tried and succeded in deepthroating a banana. send the video to some friends and it got leaked. it was pretty embarasing desu. i hope i dont meet anyone who has seen it without knowing me prior >_&lt;
mine is kinda salty but definitely not bitter. do you eat a lot of vegetables and fruits?
My dream is to have a tall buxom hung futa gf that I can slurp and get pounded by and sometimes switch with her when I feel like giving a good rogering.
I started like this year's ago, now I'm a tranny
Be careful
I started this 15 years ago and I'm not a tranny, nor have I ever had a thought that I might be.
Ah
Must be a me thing then
I would guess it depends where you come from on this whole fantasy.
If you're into this because you get to "be the girl" mentally, then I can see your point. To me this has never been about that or even about being subservient, I really just find cocks sexy so I want them in my hands and mouth, it's not any more complicated than that
Imagine having all these choices
Are you bisexual or lesbian now?
Just go to a gloryhole.
If professional gloryholes existed where everyone that went there had to do STD tests to prove they were clean beforehand I would do this on a weekly basis, even if I had to pay for it. 
Imagine a place that is as hygienic and professional looking as a dentist building, totally clean, totally professional and respectable, you can fucking suck 10 cocks in a day and leave knowing you haven't caught anything.
That would be fucking nice.
You can find an ongoing nsa hookup and find a clean guy to feed your cocklust
Any tips on this? I've tried grindr but I'm super paranoid about STIs and the thought of sucking something that has been in dozen other, potentially infected, mouths really scares me. 
And I'd be way too autistic to proposition it on regular dating apps :|
tag yourself im 17
REPORTED UNDERAGE EEEA
i also wish i had bigger peenus so i could get fucked by smal pepee twink...
Can I ask you why?
I'm pretty sure we just need to lay off the porn, brah. When I take a break I become exclusively straight again. We're just coomers.
19 master race
I'm the same way. I don't think its that weird, bisexual women tend to have a limited attraction to the same sex as well while primarily wanting to be with men. I think for guys this usually manifest as either cocklust or wanting to bang traps, but basically we are the same as bi women but less understood and accepted.
i'm really hoping i can wind up with a woman that would be down for MMF threesomes with us sharing a femboy or something
he is a male, he can't be a lesbian.
T. lesbian
just power dynamic seems hot. also since my bum is untouched i wouldnt want big dick around it
I'm pretty sure we just need to lay off the porn, brah. When I take a break I become exclusively straight again.
The opposite happened to me. It only further validated that I want this
I shift to being straighter the more I focus on self improvement. I think to some degree my interest in faggotry is like a coping mechanism, like being able to let go and just be someones bitch instead of trying to be a masculine winner. But the more I feel like that masculine winner, the less I feel drawn to those types of fantasies.
Bigotry letters
HOW DARE YOU!
I'm a masculine presenting genderfluid translesbian.
Just because I'm a male who looks like a man and uses male pronouns most of the time, doesn't mean you can question my self identification as a lesbian.
Only way to undo and unlearn your bigoted ways is to get on your knees and suck my feminine penis (I'll identify as a woman for that moment just to make it easier for you).
I don't identify with this at all. I don't even view my cocklust as a submissive thing and I never have. I literally just like how dicks look and that's why I want them in my mouth. 
Am I alone?
I shift to being straighter the more I focus on self improvement. I think to some degree my interest in faggotry is like a coping mechanism, like being able to let go and just be someones bitch instead of trying to be a masculine winner. But the more I feel like that masculine winner, the less I feel drawn to those types of fantasies.
I wonder how many bisexuals are like you. We would be surprised I imagine.
This is exactly my situation. Shit's weird. Gotta get back to fuckin lifting.
Dude you are literally me. Please, when you find an answer, let me know. What your reason for being scared of women?
I'm curious OP do you have any inclination as to why you have this attraction to cock?
Mine came from constant pain that could only happen because I'm circumcised. And foreskin envy, and having a dick I think is small. Combined with lack of pussy and porn brain, I've basically convinced myself that I'm not worthy to pleasure someone with my dick and also tried to find a less painful avenue to sexual pleasure. The faggotry comes from all these issues
i used to be super straight but now women repulse me.
 Well 1/5 zoomers are lgbt so that's pretty common and those are just the ones admitting to it. But eh. Maybe it's overinflated too.
At my high school, half the white girls self-identify as queer+ (not a commentary on my inceldom honest). I don't think this is out of the ordinary and easily the case at other high schools. 20% is a hard floor for your estimate anon
wow you aren't even the good kind of gay. we already have a million cocksuckers, why would i want a straight guy who sucks dick?
 The feeling of his dick pulsating in my mouth was real hot. 
Feeling the trembling and tensing in my mouth would probably be my choice too anon
any anons with a big cock ready to settle down with a rich twank?
How fem are you?
How big is big?
Bisexual man here. I'm attracted to cock but not to men's faces nor the overall man body. Not romantically interested in men neither.
Date a trans person and convince them to go on hormones but also to keep their dick
How fem are you?
not even fem really, im just short and average bodied so people say im a 'twink' but im 30 and a dude and i like going camping.
how big is big
well im 7 inches.
Nice. Sounds chill. I don't qualify bc I'm 6", my 5.5" girth is what has saved me in the past, but I've learned to accept that everyone who has called me big was just being nice in the heat of the moment.
What your reason for being scared of women?
Scared of rejection, of being not good enough, of wasting my time if she's finally not interested in men... 
On the other side sucking cock is easy and validates me as a sexual partner. I like to be desired.
6 inches is big enough, especially if its thick and floppy dude, im not a size queen, i just need the balls that have that good funk smell
finally not interested in men...
if she's finally not interested in ME*
There's no such thing as a bisexual anon. If you suck dick "sometimes", you're gay.
Right on time. Every fucking thread there's one of you guys buzzing to just shout, "y-youre gay!" So why does his attraction to women not exist anymore?
it's basically a cope on their part because they're closet gay and know that they'd never look back once they sucked a dick, they're jealous of bisexual chads that can suck and fuck anything
I don't really think that's it, I believe its just more taboo for men to have same sex attractions so when you reveal it people just see you as being more gay than straight. Like the fact that you like girls mean nothing to normies, any level attraction to men destroys your reputation as a normal healthy male, but for women same sex attraction isn't a big deal.
Yeah, people think there's this idea of bisexual being just equally about both sexes, but homosexuality is not an alternative to heterosexuality, but rather a fetishization of degradation and subversion.
Homosexual man here. I'm attracted to cock, men's faces, overall man body. Romantically interested in men also. But I'm not attracted to the way how gays making love, it's disgusting, i mean anal in the ass.
Am I fucked? It make things harder, because almost all fags need anal shitsex and that's why I cannot have a healthy normal REAL relationship with a man because of this. I don't even know where to find guys who share my opinion.
What's the solution? What can I do, anons? Embrace celibacy?
I feel you, the thought of being stuck with a man shit hole for sex for life is depressing. Girls were literally built for us to fit inside them like a key in a lock with a specially designed penis hole. Gotta be honest I'm glad I'm not full gay and have the option of dating women.
lmfao, I'm attracted to feminine boys but not cock
that and women but y'know that's normal
Am I fucked (no pun intented)? I feel my brain is rotted because of depression, porn and not getting women pussy.
no moron, you are just a fag welcome to genetics. getting a girlfriend didn't stop me from liking femboys.
but homosexuality is not an alternative to heterosexuality, but rather a fetishization of degradation and subversion.
That pretty much sums up my brand of faggotry. I would never want to be in a romantic relationship with a man, I just don't see them that way, but the mechanics of gay sex like being fucked like a bitch are immensely hot to me.
I hate being cut. Life is unfair.
i'm 8 but not that small lmfao
i had the same problem
my solution was to just suck my own dick
This is ANOTHER reason why I only suck my own cock
Please stop calling me gay
I touched a willy in high school once
And it was just a little mistake
So please stop calling me gay
I swear I love vagina
And I love to touch that pussy
I kissed two girls before and it felt really good
Because they were women and not men
'Cause I'm not gay
Penises are for faggots
Penises are for gays
Penises are disgusting
So please stop calling me gay
I love to have sex
With women with big breasts
I don't have sex with men
'Cause if I did that would make me gay
(Yeah)
Please stop calling me gay
Please stop calling me gay
You are hurting my feelings
Please stop calling me gay
Let me make this clear cause I do not lick willys
I went to summer camp and I touched a girl's boob
'Cause I'm not gay
See me licking that pussy
It feels really good and it feels really gooshy
I do not have proof but I swear I've touched a pussy
I like to have sex with cunts
I like to have sex with slits
I like to have sex with coin slots
Not fucking dicks
If I had sex with a dick
That would make your point valid
But I love fucking that pussy
And I'm not a faggot
So please stop calling me gay
So please stop calling me gay
Please stop calling me gay
Please stop calling me gay
Please stop calling me gay
I touched a willy in high school once
And it was just a little mistake
So please stop calling me gay
I wanna suck off a fat daddy!
oh fug, i think this is what i want too >&lt;
I've been conditioned by fat ugly bastard hentai
here's the original, unedited Ben Garrison version
They all say I talk too soft,
I don't like sports, and I dress so oft,
They whisper and stare, like I don't belong,
But I love my boots and my favorite country song.
Chorus:
Don't judge a book by its cover,
Just cause I don't fit your idea of a lover,
I'm a true cowboy, through and through,
And my love for you is pure and true.
Verse 2:
I can fix a fence and drive a truck,
But they say I walk and talk like a duck,
I can ride a bull and rope a steer,
But they judge me by the way I appear.
Chorus:
Don't judge a book by its cover,
Just cause I don't fit your idea of a lover,
I'm a true cowboy, through and through,
And my love for you is pure and true.
Bridge:
I don't need their approval or their praise,
I know who I am, I won't change my ways,
I'm not what they think, I'm more than they see,
I'm a cowboy, and that's all I need to be.
Chorus:
Don't judge a book by its cover,
Just cause I don't fit your idea of a lover,
I'm a true cowboy, through and through,
And my love for you is pure and true.
kek, made me chuckle thinking of that retard writing this
I'm starting to look like the guy in this video and It's getting concerning. Girlfriend fucking loves it but holy fuck I am being a fatty.
What is this bro
How about giving the porn a rest for a bit?
I'm cool with my sexuality at this point but I've settled on holding out for a gf if that ever happens. I do like fapping to dicks and quite frankly being the fembitch of a well endowed man has been a big fantasy of mine for a long time, but ultimately the whole things feels hollow without the romantic aspect, not to mention how unattractive men are outside of the the dick.
Bad thing is women are so turned off by bi guys its not even funny, I feel like its just another reason for them to reject me, even though I don't even plan on acting on it.
I tried three times to read and understand this post but all you are communicating is this:
bisexual
not attracted to or interested in men
attracted to women but simply nervous about trying to date
So you just like women and don't know how to get a gf, like everyone else
interesting. ive given head to some guys that I'm not friends with and i liked it a lot. but i can see why it would be even better with a friend. not sure how to achieve that. im usually deepthroating the guy within 2 minutes of meeting him.
We're basically the typical virgin who is bad with girls robot except we also like dick, but not enough to where men are a replacement for women.
Interesting. Homosexual behaviours motivated by depression.
There might be a fallacy here. "I like the aesthetic of a certain body part" doesn't mean that you have a special sexuality or whatever. For example, I often look at my own dick and think: nice, I'd love to stick it into a vagina. Of course I like my dick.
I don't know what the point of calling yourself bisexual is, if you don't like men.
If you posted this in tumblr people would probably rush to tell you that you have in fact five different sexualities and need to transition immediately. Lots of confusion.
hmmmmm you should probably just find a cute tranny to blow (not like me im ugly as shit) but if u find a nice girl with a cock to blow maybe youll be happy? i dont know
Personally I don't really care about the label much anymore, cause like you said, calling yourself bi when you're basically only gay when it comes to porn is silly, I just use the bi label for the sake of argument.
MTF trannies are beautiful and hot but I don't touch their dicks too much. I focus more on their femininity combinated with some androgynia.
Monosexuals are subhuman, kys
Porn. It is unironically just porn. Its one thing to want to date a guy but to only be attracted to cock is due to porn. Seek help somehow.
OK TERF.
You have autogynephilia, anon.
am 19. 
2
had no idea what a pencil dick looked like until now.
OP here.
Sucked another cock just 20 minutes ago. Felt very kinky and primal. I masturbated and did some gestures emulating women and porn. I came A LOT.
I know what that is but its not exactly a term you can throw around like anyone will care, in the end people who don't understand that male sexuality can be more complex than liking men or women exclusively will just see us as a fag anyway.
Seek help somehow.
Where?
Accept that your cocklust is essentially a fetish and remind yourself that indulging it has never left you satisfied.
Its even gayer to find guys cute and want to be kissed by them and catch feelings for them and wake up in bed in their arms
Im full blown bi meaning Im romantically into both too, not just a guy with cocklust
I don't think you're actually bisexual. I think you're just one of those straight dudes who also has a weird fixation about dicks but you wouldn't actually fuck a man.
I have had sex with men. Lots of times. Basically sucking cocks but not always.
Yeah I would't fuck a man in the ass. I'm not really into men's looks.
