ive fucked 4 girls (not hookers) since losing my virginity on april 3rd but couldn't get a single one to be in an actual relationship with me. I still feel like an incel, infact I feel worse cause in the cases where i cuddled with them after we had sex and they told me they thought i was cute i stayed the night i figured out what could have been if I was to be in a serious relationship. I would have rather stayed a virgin cus now im an incel that knows what im missing out on
Atleast now you have gained some self esteem and can build on that while not having the weight of that v card.
i feel no different aside from the loneliness being more pronounced. no weight off my shoulders or anything
zoomers are actually so braindead they can't figure out what incel stands for
Please delete /r9k/, Hiro. Please.
It'd be massive boost in your journey to find some worthwhile relationship when you know you have in you what it takes to attract women. Having sex is definitely the piece of the puzzle. Compare this to a perma Virgin friend of mine who hasnt talked with any non-relative women for a decade.
There is a literal term then there is a spiritual incel which is what I am.
Idk if i have what it takes but I am still learning from my mistakes. I know went wrong with each girl. the one i lost my virginity too, i immediately got clingy and obsessed with which probably turned her off. the second one was way below even my standards and i couldn't stomach being around her after we fucked (she was also weird and clingy with me so it opened my eyes to how weird I was being). the third and fourth were after I was kinda going crazy talking to like 6 girls at once and i didn't give either of them the attention that would have been required to keep them around. I deleted all dating apps and social media off my phone a couple days ago though because these failures are making me manically depressed. Although redownloading them is all i can think of cus i desperately want a gf. Fucking isn't even that good its the cuddling and talking I like. i really want to skip all the talking stages and shit cus its fucking annoying and a waste of time when shit never works out
You are not and probably never were an incel
probably never were
what do u mean by this
There is a literal term then there is a spiritual incel which is what I am.
Probably Introverted or emotionally distant. I don't know your whole story but it sounds like the girls left you after failing to maintain a connection with you. But this is a problem all of Human society is facing right now not just you. We are in a dark age.
Never was*
Sorry
It's either one or the other. I either care way more then them and its weird or I don't care enough and it ends up being weird.
I wasn't criticizing your grammar what do you mean by I was never an incel
Why should we feel sorry that you're mentally ill? Go to therapy retard you don't belong here.
If you can just suddenly go out and casually fuck 4 girls without paying then I have a hard time believing you have ever been an incel.
You niggas will complain about anything. You literally slept with 4 different girl in a month after being a virgin for life and you still somehow find a way to put a negative spin on it. You choose to suffer, simple as
