So..do daytime femanons like lolicon?
cute and funny is cute and funny!
No, I hope someone finds you are kicks your teeth in for putting children at risk
To that one artist femanon who I forgot to reply to here's my discord again if you're still looking for a loli artist to talk to MysteryBuster#9306
theyre drawings you normalfag
No way femanons draw lolis
girls like cute things and lolis are cute.
What do they think about shotas?
super cute and their innocence makes me drool
Wonder if a femanon would try to date a shota
only 2d otherwise that's just called a child
girls into shotas never date legal adult young/femenine/childlish looking dudes, so many ive known end up with some normal ass or mature guy
I guess its just a femcoomer fantasy to look at little 2d boys
girls usually date hating guys their own age/younger
Post art first I wanna see
you would have to add me first dont plan on posting it here
Right now a tranny is raping a real kid and you're bitching about drawings.
lol cp pedo get raped
Who wouldn't want a gf that tells you how she got abused by her father while she jerks you off. Then she gives you a cheeky smile and calls you a pervert before licking it off your tummy.
not all girls into lolis are abused sluts, they are just regular sluts who pretend to be cute all the time cause they find it sexy i hate it
its nighttime
yes that shit if fucked up actually
OP im not a girl but I wanted to express my admiration for your persistence and vision. Lolis are hopefuel on so many levels, and I'm tired of pretending they aren't. There is N O T H I N G wrong with appreciating the beauty of femininity in its young stages, regardless of what bullshit you normies associate it with. Lolis are beautiful, pure angels placed on this filthy, corrupt world. They are one of the few things that remind us God is an aesthetic reality.
Those of you who disagree: suck my fucking cock and die. We don't need your hideousness violating everything in this dirty material realm. Lolis are beautiful, and obviously must be protect and loved.
i like to rp as a loli with my bf (without explicitly mentioning being a loli, i'm just bratty)
i'm just bratty
is this you
i kneel to you my king
r9k is full of normies bro
lolicons are scarce
Much love, anon.
Normies need to fuck off.
only lolis can filter them
hell no I'm a virgin and nothing like that caricature
Most women aren't sexually attracted to minors
