My therapist told me to get creative again
I haven't drawn in a while 
what doodle can you come up with?
picrel is supposed to be a fat baby
note to self - watch adventure time again
evil or/and good pixies?
it is the 27th of april today
I won a chess match today
i feel my mental health declining
I'm probably gonna log of for a while
if anyone is reading this
hello
I'm supposed to draw too bit I have little to no motivation to do so
Congrats on your chess game. Why are you feeling bad?
Solid doodles, felt you deserve a bump not to speak into the abyss
It'd be cool to see more doodles. I can't draw anything that doesn't look like total shit, unfortunately.
I miss playing chess.
As long as you aren't me I think you'll be a great drawer.
I suppose maybe not this thread. Contributed some in the hobby thread but I think I'd like to get better before sharing more. Shame can't find doodle friends on soc.
feeling gloomy
I dislike feelings
my therapist keeps trying to make me reach for happiness but i don't know if i want that 
I want the voices to stop talking, i want to stop panicing, i want to be the most normal robotic person out there with no thoughts and just actions, i want to study, earn money, give the money to my parents or just die already, i wish every night to be hit by a car or even get a terminal disease or an evil person can kill me
Hello fellow drawfag, just finished another fujo porn art
I also had to draw for therapy in ed treatment, I remember she wanted me to draw myself doing something I like and I drew violently karaoking to vocaloids kek 
Evil pixies are cool 
Time to look at some inspiration then!! And I recommend NOT looking at others people art as inspo. Other forms of art, people watching, nature or architecture are THE BEST for inspo imo
Fingers crossed and good luck anon
When do you next see your therapist? Can you make an emergency appointment? Sounds like you need that right now.
maybe write a haiku
watch that isle of dogs movie
i miss my dog
thanks for the bump anon
i'm fine with the abyss, it's a nice word
art is relative
i like all doodles
don't think my fat baby is any worth but now he is created, better to love him or fist bump him
you should play a match
i think the brain would be happy with an exercise 
you should do a doodle too
maybe a chesspiece
I couldn't bring myself to finish it. Still have no idea how to do hair.
Are you thinking of computer Chess?
That might not be such a bad idea.
I will try drawing a Knight later on. Or a Rook.
hi drawfag
any ed tips? I'm fine with my body but lately with every meal i eat I keep giving myself a hard time and telling myself to puke it out
I read on wizchan someone said starving yourself is a good way of killing yourself
 drew violently karaoking to vocaloids kek
funny, pretty talented of you to pull that off
Evil pixies are cool
the pixies drawn i intended to be mean
but then i thought someone was gonne give me a cruel time for one ear being higher so i made it that one pixie was bad and the other good,
theyre giving pixie dust
maybe like that medicine in the dystopian book
i went yesterday
i was thinking of stopping my appointements but my sister told me not to
i just feel so fake, like i'm witholding
like there's a tons of fucked up but also nothing at all
i feel like wasting her time
my emergency contact is my sister in ireland
i used to wake her up at 4am to walk with me to the beach to clear my head
i miss her
i found some swings close to my house
picrel is a fuzzy dinosaur
i know they used to have feathers
idk why people draw them naked
I'm supposed to draw but I'm a permabeg
This is literally the best I could do. Try to guess what it is before reveal: I was trying to do a moth bumping into a lightbulb but he gained too much weight somehow
i was reading a chess book yesterday
had my nose too deep in the book and ended up missing two stops
fun fact: horse hair is used for the stick of the violin
fun fact: my nails are read
fun fact: my parents hate me, regret me, are disgusted by me
fun fact: i had pet snails
Can you call your sister now? I'm sure she wouldn't mind, it can actually be quite nice to be needed by a sibling.
i like drawing the wire in the lamp
i like your moth
you've created a well nourished moth
the skinny ones i created must be hating me as a creator
I guessed correctly. I like the fat moth drawing, and the lines around the lightbulb.
It's fun to read about Chess when there's no time to play.
Did your pet snails have baby snails? What happened to them.
Can't understand why your parents are disgusted by you.
I like your Knight drawing, it's cute.
I also did this at one point. I wish I was motivated. Being able to draw my thoughts is nice without frustration.
i've called her a few times this week
she's busy studying for an exam on friday
i wish her luck
she is my favorite person in the world
smart of you to use spoilers
i never figured out how to use them
//spoiler//
no they ate kept escaping to eat my plants so i had to depart with them
i treated them like kings
they are, they call me a pig and other russian insults i dont know the translation
my drawing likes you back
disney should hire you
Still have no idea how to do hair.
If you dont mind me giving you an advice (feel free to skip if you do) I would add lines to part the bangs from the hair that are lifted up to form the bun. Also I would start with the bald head and then add hair to get the more accurate desired shape/size 
any ed tips?
I dont really have any, I mean depends on the ed.
About puking, I never really did that because I was scared of ruining my teeth and girls on mpa saying that purging encourages binging and vice versa. I am somewhat of a health freak and cant imagine binging, I would straight up kill myself lol
So I would stay away from puking. Exercises are much better. 
someone said starving yourself is a good way of killing yourself
Honestly, its not the worst up to a certain point. I recommend watching the movie 
The Sound of Insects (2009)
It both fascinated and disturbed me as a child. 
I like the idea behind the pixie art. Maybe you could also use it as a prompt and write about it? Sounds like an good fairly tale/poem material 
I love this lamp, gives me sitting on a plastic chair in an open basement during a summer night vibes
Well, if you don't want to talk to your sister (I think you should, I bet you're her favourite person, too), then stay and chat here and keeping making doodles for a bit. Stay safe though, please.
I did but still sorta beyond my skill level. Thank you. I have changed her hair a little bit but the front is still giving me trouble since I have no idea what look I want. Translating from pixel art is difficult. Just happy I have my character this far. Just need to finish her.
Absolutely not. Just a doodle I dud while I was hospitalized. Drawing anythung is super difficult for me.
I'm not a good writer
i'm bad at languages or i keep telling myself
my therapist told me to not say i'm bad at languages because then i put those barrieres
but i cant
i keep hearing the voices telling me
weird how stuff sticks
i hate the letter g
sorry god
a haiku
the moss is growing
the pretty mold is spreading
i cant stop my mind 
i'm gonna go now
thanks for talking to me in my thread
For spoilers use [ spoiler ] put the two square brackets close to the "s" and "r", and do the same thing after except with a backslash (This thing --> / ) before the "s" in spoiler. I hope this helped.
I'm sorry for what happened to your plants.
Hope your snails are doing ok wherever they are.
Also I don't think you are a pig.
Talk to you later
Your drawing is very kind.
Shame the doodle thread had to die. Was kinda neat.
Did your therapist tell you that you're an attention whore and that something smells fishy?
Here is a vocaroo! https://vocaroo.com/1aF7iCIOryW0
PixelPicrel actually
Wow another PixelPicrel!
You're such an attention whore you needed your own attention thread holy hell
heres some creature trying to cut a fairy in half with very larger scissors
Namefag
Attention seeking
W h o r e.
Pixel holy fk
i did one more
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Pixel smells
Something smells fishyyyyy
