Why are women who are not even close to 6' refusing to date anyone under 6' in dating apps?
Because we have standards, just like you. The difference is we are upfront about them, while you retards pretend you will date any woman but are Stacy only.
Because they think they deserve a guy who is 6' or over. Statistically most of them will fail to marry a guy of that height or taller. We live in an extremely gynocentric culture, so women have never been more entitled.
It's just a standard they wish for anon. Anytime anyone goes into dating, hookups or trying to be sexually active. They always start at the top for standards and once they realize they have to lower the bar incrementally they stop shooting for 6' and end up with 5'6
I would date anyone I'm in love with, no matter how he looks.
Then you're in love with me.
if you were a queen, would you settle for a piece of stale bread when you could eat a five star meal?
They want to date people they find attractive
Shocking I know
Hm, I don't believe that.
Meme number
You do though. I'm telling you to
Ok, tell me something personal about you, and I pick a card. If it's the lovers, I might give it a try.
I'm terminally addicted to masturbating and porn. Your cards will tell you what they may, but I'm telling you what is true
Hm, no, there is no chance.
Nice cards, but you've already fallen for me.
Shit bait, please try harder next time I know you can do a better job
With this card I would say there is a deep problem in your mind, but hidden in the subconscious. It's about fear and something dark, and it causes bad behavior and conflict with society. Maybe you can find out what it is if you look into yourself.
These arent queens asking mate, they are five foot landwhales.
Eh no my conflicts are pretty open and obvious. I revel in it. I love it. I'm not a woman like you that needs a card to tell me that I have issues.
Just lie and claim you are 1 foot taller. 5'7? Congrats, you're now 6'7.
the height difference makes them feel small and feminine
If they need a lantern pole man to feel small or feminine they either were never feminine in the first place or always wanted to fuck their dad. In the case of the man its also a cope because you are actively hindering your genepool because you apparently are still insecure despite your height and need a women to feel masculine.
