And it is *obvious* demoralization. Blackpillers have to work hard to stay within the echo chamber of demoralization. 
There is no excuse to fall for it except for a weak will
acknowledging reality isn't demoralization, you faggot redpiller.
Another NPC drone self-identifies
The redpill is a cope and only sees some of the truth
the blackpill is actually reality motherfucker
see
back into your bucket, crab
Blackpill was created by Mossad to get young men to drop out of society and waste their life tormenting each other with guilt.
Reality
Zoomer women are less promiscuous than previous generations
Blackpillers
All young women are whores
Reality
most young men who are single choose to be for religious reasons
Blackpillers
IT'S CHAAAAAAAAD!
100% accurate
Based
and smart
yeah bro I have to work hard to stay single, and even harder to make women hate me for being unattractive haha. yeah, it's just demoralization bro. the blackpill is not based on reality at all. that's why I'm a 26 year old virgin.
See?
The language is of a broken, demoralized man with no hope. Nothing but self-loathing.
I bet 5 euros he hasn't tried to ask a woman on a date in over a year
Zoomer women are less promiscuous than previous generations
Zoomer women are less promiscuous than previous generation
Stfu my anecdotes carry more truth than kike stats.
The black pill is so weird. For the Black Pill to be "real" then men would have to ignore all women with less than a D cup as well as all women with a bad hip:waist ratio.
But men don't.
So they KNOW the black pill is wrong, but cling to it anyway
Zoomer women are less promiscuous than previous generatio
Zoomer women are less promiscuous than previous generations
73115533
Well here's my anecdote nerd
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPillScience/comments/9nfwxs/proof_of_8020/
For the Black Pill to be "real" then men would have to ignore all women with less than a D cup as well as all women with a bad hip:waist ratio.
"men have abysmal standards for women" isn't an aspect of the blackpill. In fact a key part of the blackpill is pointing out that it's women, not men, who have extreme look requirements for their partner.
I wish it were true. But I'm 42 this year and the blackpillers were right about everything.
Most recent decade is 2010's
Zoomer girls were too young to be included in that study
Nothing to do with Zoomers
Stopes when very oldest Zoomer women were 18 years old
Supports that contemporary women are less promiscuous, proving Anon correct
not really related to Zoomers, but shows a trend supporting Anon's point
The jews don't need to demoralize young men. The society they created already takes care of that.
Survey stops when oldest Zoomers were 18
Not related to Zoomers.
You suck at math
women have only gotten sluttier over time but TRUST ME zoomer girls definitely haven't!
Plebbit
anecdotes
retards
It's true, so just don't even bother arguing with them. Their entire worldview is a cope to shrug any agency on their part. The thought that others can do what they can't despite having the same circumstances makes them seethe, so they try and argue from genetic determinism to "prove" that they're not responsible for being miserable sacks of shit.
In fact a key part of the blackpill is pointing out that it's women, not men, who have extreme look requirements for their partner.
But that is backwards.
All research, ALL, says that men have much higher appearance standards for women than women have for men.
Again, you have to pretend that isn't real to be black pill
The thread literally has links to studies, retard.
On charts shows younger women being less slutty over time
too stupid to realize it
Yup, he's a blackpiller
This. Why don't short men just get leg lengthening surgery instead of crying all day?
Get the fuck back to plebbit, trash, No one cares
Every chart I posted shows women having higher body counts (and men having lower). It's not my fault you're a retard
can't read charts
too stupid to realize it
pats himself on the back for this
Yup, you're a bluepiller.
All research, ALL, says that men have much higher appearance standards for women than women have for men.
Biased research, yes. Because at the end of the day every fat, ugly chick has a bf and fuckbuddies while 60 of young men are single and 30% aren't having sex at all.
Finnish data from a limited study is universally applicable, even though the data is too old to be applicable, anyway
Last time you asked a girl on a date was...?
Research that disagrees with my opinion is biased
see
loonie
Reality
more young women are sexless than are young men
Another blackpiller being retarded
more young women are sexless than are young men
Unturue
