More often than not, men's waifus are so diverse and usually don't meet conventional beauty standards (ei. tummies, dysgenic faces, and otherwise undesirable characteristics), and women's husbandos are more commonly some variation of a pretty boy/chad. In a fictional regard, you've total freedom to adopt whatever character is the pinnacle of your tastes if you so choose, so why do men have such a wide, inclusive array? Does this mean that moid4stacy is nonsense?
It's evolutionary determined to be this way, we've been over this a thousand time anon.
Pure bullshit. Short flat attractive lolis or huge tittied attractive milfs, thats the male sexual binary.
Speak for yourself. I'm sticking with my NEET girls.
Just be not-fat and 95% of men will find you attractive.
basic biology / product of evolution. men are built to fuck anything to increase the chance they pass on their genes. women are very choosy to ensure their offspring make it. that isnt how things work anymore in modernity but its hard to overwrite that primal part of our brain, its hardwired into us. men are far less choosy than women by evolution / design.
The male impetus to disseminate his seed in as many women as possible and ergo have a lower standard for his mates should track in the real world, but why would a man settle for anything less than a 10/10 stacy waifu in a purely fictional regard? It isn't like men are just cum machines devoid of standard. Could it be a psychoevolutionary disposition?
lol
All waifus are drawn and drawn character cannot be truly ugly. There is nothing varied or inclusive about liking any type of drawn character.
Why there are more male virgins than female virgins when cheap hookers are accessible
Patronizing a prostitute is a Class A misdemeanor that is punishable by one year in prison and up to a $1,000 fine.
Men are more independent which leads to more independent thoughts and variation. Women are more conformist and in tune with the status quo and pop culture. This applies to all aspects of our thoughts and feelings, not just sexuality. When you think of a lone wolf or a survivalist hermit it's always a man. Women are terminally allergic to boredom and loneliness and will stoop to horrible things to even their loved ones to prevent them from happening.
The answer we've all been waiting for. Thanks anon
