How are you other femcels holding up? What lies have the scrotes told you this time?
i would be crushed so it wouldn't work out, maybe you should get some friends to be less lonely.
Losing weight isn't hard, it just requires discipline and time. You can easily fix your issues.
I would bf you but I'm a very disgusting guy living in a house full of trash and piss stains and haven't really gone outside since my job went remote in 2020.
tfw no bf to chain you to bed and starve you until your thin. why live bros?
just stop eating, don't even need to workout. just stop fucking eating and drink only water.
I miss talking to girls that would starve themselves so they could be pretty for me, they'd be so insecure I wouldn't like them otherwise.
Where are the girls that still put in some fucking effort
don't waste your breath, its a typical "I don't eat much and I exercise but I am still fat its muh genetics" .
How fat? Are you a virgin? Would you date a fat dude and lose weight together?
God that shit is so annoying. I've actually lost weight whilst suffering from hypothyroidism. I had a condition that lists "unintended weight gain" as a symptom and is rooted in my metabolism fucking not working well enough and I still lost weight.
are you at least thin yourself? cause otherwise..lol
I have some online friends, that's good enough.
You can easily fix your issues
easily fix your issues
If this was an easily fixable problem, it would have been fixed already.
What if I clean your house for you and promise to suck your dick? Would you consider being my bf? (INb4 you still won't)
I wish, I honestly wish.
Where are the girls that still put in some fucking effort
I put in effort all the time, I just have nothing to show for it.
I weighed myself this morning. I am 225, and 5'7. Not a virgin. Dated all kinds of men, mostly ugly men below my standard. All of them including/especially the ugly ones were mean and abusive past the first few months. One of them even hit me with a closed fist. But I'm sure you scrotes are out there cheering "based" because you hate all women.
most of us are there's a reason chudjak doesn't have a double chin, stupid retard
So you are just incredibly ugly, got it. Why would any cute girl starve themselves for a ugly, neet loser like you?
All of them including/especially the ugly ones were mean and abusive past the first few months. One of them even hit me with a closed fist.
That sucks, I wouldn't want to date you but that doesn't mean you deserve to be abused.
There isn't
*bursts into tears
Well, what part of being alone upsets you the most? I'm in no position to move and become someone's boyfriend but I'd talk to you on discord and maybe make you feel like you have someone who'll listen to you, at least.
Thanks for the empathy I guess. It's more than I expected from the men here.
friendzoned again
All I wanted was someone who would love me for who I am. And despite scrotes CLAIMING they want the same, they're all just liars.
A fat maid wife sounds really good honestly
I flirted with you pretty heavily yesterday, but I think your insecurity wouldn't allow you to see that I was neither "messing with you" nor was I being "ironic".
Fat women really are the worst
not a virgin
You have zero right to complain.
You had something and you let it go.
100% on you.
Are you being serious? Thats all I've ever wanted to be. I can quit my shitty job and be a stay at home blowmaid for a nerdy anime loving bf.
Dude if you're serious I'll let you like do whatever you want to me. You can hold me down and choke me, and like make me drink your piss. I'm absolutely kinky as hell from all my time spent alone and I would basically worship your dick at every hour of the day. Like one of my biggest fantasies is to sit under the table where an anon is playing his games and just have his dick in my mouth the entire time while he's fragging and getting kills.
And if any of you have a messy apartment I actually own one of those cosplay outfits I will literally dress like that for you and clean it. And all I want is that when the kinks are done that you just love me and accept me for who I am and not treat me like an actual subhuman just for being fat. Like I would do basically anything outside of like, literally paying someone to be with me. I'm lying I would totally pay someone to be with me. I'm actually that pathetic...
Nta but what about anal? Ever done it? Would you do it?
I'm pretty serious. I really have a thing for chubby girls in outfits. And you sound really cute, I bet you're great for cuddles
I was being absolutely serious, you dumb dumb. And look, I asked you to describe something you loved with passion, and look at what you wrote here. That's what I wanted, not the bitterness or insecurity, the passion that you obviously have.
I've never done anal, but I've been using plugs and dildos and training myself to take more. So if you want yeah I'd love it if you put it in my ass. I desperately want an anons warm cum to fill me and make me whole.
I love cuddling too. Fuck yeah, I would cuddle you basically all day.
I'll be passionate for you daddy...
I'll be passionate for you daddy...
Give me a way to contact you, then, and I'm sure we'll have a lot of fun.
Maybe lose some weight you fat shit
I would absolutely fuck the living fuck out of a fatty but only if the fat is well placed. Where is all your fat stored, fem anon?
I would not mind a fat girl but I'm lazy as hell so I don't even try
i wish i had an abusive bf to tell me to starve myself everyday
Proving once again that all women are whores
What if I clean your house for you and promise to suck your dick? Would you consider being my bf? (INb4 you still won't)
I didn't even expect you to help with my house. That stuff's my fault. Here's a discord tag if you'd like to get in touch: 
Sixtyten#8011
I remember you from the thread the other day and thought you sounded nice.
I put in effort all the time, I just have nothing to show for it.
well you're already getting BTFO by all the teenage zoomer girls who have EDs and stay skinny and hot
Anime drawing sexy girl bit tits masturbate cum
Hello, sir! Are you Indian and/or lost?
Instead of being an angry roastie, why not just be a good girl?
is fat
thinks ugly men are below her
You foids getting more and more delusional
Today ain't your day, pancakes
777 good number lucky win lottery casino jackpot use money to buy boobs
 nobody fucks fatties
That's a lie
Gone again, I think this girl is just here to cocktease. Sorry buddy
Not entirely true, my ex was the chubby mom bod type and I thought she was super attractive
It's cool, I didn't really expect to get back into dating until after I fixed my problems. If she does want to claim me while I'm a mess then that's nice, but it's not anything I'm expecting or counting on.
I had a long term girlfriend I met from this board a while back (she happened to live near me) and it was a good relationship so I don't mind taking chances on internet strangers.
