Meet your new overlords anon .
I am killing myself at 40 I dont give a fuck.
If it stops the niggers, wiggers and baizous, who cares?
China is so based, bless China. Eugenics only makes sense
genetically selected chinese gigaChad soon, prepare your butthole
Would you take it in the ass to stop the niggers?
This post was paid for by the CCP, thank you for reading.
holy BASED
China is honestly the protagonist of Earth. GANBATTE
after millenias of being humiliated by other races, chinamen will finally have their revenge by mass producing 10/10 elvish-like humans.
how will white people cope when they won't be the most desirable race on earth anymore?
and you know what's fun? these mass produces babies will probably all look white.
MASSIVE BLACKPILL INCOMING!
Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek
I look forward to the tall, androgynous men and women of the chinese future
with scarcity comes value - at least other races will still have a niche 
whites will just become shittier chinks - of which there will be billions
oh no no no no no no no no
lol we're going to see a lot of psychopath, mommy-issues having designer babies. think, a whole generation of Homelanders. how terrifying.
While white people deal with demographic problems and taking care of nigs the gooks will be exploring stars as hot 500 iq elves
Even curries are pro-eugenics. The only people who are against it are white cucks.
most of them were literally fat and not wearing makeup lolz
today i saw 2 irl koreans and they looked pretty bad 
cute pale skin but really square faces
any woman can be a ten by using makeup and being skinny
with the most extreme cases only need a nosejob in my opinion unless they are deformed
Im Somali and my family literally believes in genetics . To improve your blood line is a concept widely shared amongst everyone
HOLY FUCK WE ARE FUCKED
not only machines will replace us but even worse edited people
its over for western civilization
Koreans naturally have broad faces, even compared to other Asians.
Hot. Cant wait for 8ft tall blonde Chinese elves.
so its really all plastic surgery? thought it was western cope
Hating on surgerymaxxing is low IQ.
Mutt monstrosity incoming
true ive began to accept it as not being a cuck to nature
West cucked by:
We stand no chance against our Chinese overlords. Move to China while you still can.
Need blonde Asian elf bf
Pot meet kettle
i like trannyes
im saying that equality is bad because you cant modify one without modifying everyone.
Trannies need to die
