I'm convinced that fatcel isn't volcel. I've been fasting for a week straight and I'm so lethargic that I can hardly walk. At least I'm a NEET but I couldn't imagine how someone who has a job could diet.
every fat person still has their past haunting them 
and they dont have their shit together mentally
Dude, not eating is not how you lose weight.
Look up "calorie calculator" on google, find your maintenance calories.
Start counting how much you eat daily, eat 500 less calories than your maintainance
I'm too retarded to calculate calories and I don't have a food scale.
this. staggered intake if you feel the need to spice things up, also less likely to make your body used to getting too little calories.
because truth is this is a lifestyle change and not something you can do once and forget about. fatties relapse just like junkies and alchies. they lose weight waiting to be ''done'' at some point but its never gonna happen. you're never done. the struggle gets easier over time but its always going to be a struggle to some extent.
when i lost weight energy wasn't an issue despite having a blue collar job. humans were made to store fat and use that while getting more food.
the problem for me was always being hungry. it got a lot easier after two weeks tho. after three months chips and candy disgusted me.
then i became an alcholic and fucked everything up but still.
Damn, I'm the exact opposite. I don't even feel hungry but I don't want to do anything besides sit and sleep.
i've gotten like that too if i didn't move around.
working out and being active in general just makes me ravenous but if i'm sedentary and distracted i suddenly find myself feeling sick because i forgot to eat.
be fat
"just eat less bro"
loses >100lbs
has bunch of loose skin now
"well actually you did it's more complex than that"
how don't you know about loose skin? maybe don't follow one line advice and do research dummy
Most of the food at the supermarkets and malls is sold with calories and weight labeled. There isn't any dialog with you anyway you are basically trying to excuse yourself from doing the only effective way of regulating your weight effectively. Die.
Yes, that's exactly what I told you.
Wrong.
Cutting calories is how you make your body digest its own muscles and organs.
Ketosis from water fasting is superior.
Do you drink lots of water and electrolytes? Do you take vitamins?
Absolute nonsense. It's called "margin of error", and it's present in any statistical calculation.
https://examine.com/articles/does-metabolism-vary-between-two-people/
Depending on the study, they've found standard deviation of 6-8% margin of error. Even with zero metabolic adaptation, the calculator is going to be off by +/- 12%. That's absolutely massive, for a heavy male your 500 calorie deficit on paper is actually a 200 calorie deficit; 6000 in a month or 1.7 pounds. That's less than an intraday fluctuation in weight, and if you're following the other guidance like hydrating more you will literally gain weight after the first month.
You have to cut MUCH deeper if you got bad genetic rolls. It feels like shit the entire time, and even when you hit your goal you still feel like shit. You can never stop counting and have to maintain what the calculator calls a deficit. Your body is doing everything it can to return to what was normal, even years later.
It's a goddman nightmare. It's straight up not worth it. I didn't have the energy to live my life or enjoy anything, even at the lower weight. I was physically weaker too. 
Lift and jump rope instead; you'll actually have the energy and strength to enjoy life.
Is it over for people who've been fat since they were toddlers?
My MBI is 16.4
I literally eat whatever I want and don't give a shit
Ama
Weight loss is heavily effected by your genes
It still possible to lose weight but it will be harder for some people then others.
If you are a natural fat person, you will need to basically live a life of keto and to never ever eat anything sweet again if you want to lose any meaningful amount of weight.
You probably never gonna be ripped but you can still lose a decent amount of weight over the years.
Think of it like this, you got to know where you are to get to where you want to go.
The same strategies that work for the naturally fit or skinny "fat" will not work the same for a natural fat person.
In for bootstrap niggers, yes genes have alot to do with how fast you lose weight. Ingnoring that will only make it harder not easier to lose weight
What would you recommend as a daily caloric intake for someone doing keto? Doing CICO I need to eat under 1000 calories a day to make any progress.
I wouldn't be so bold as to make that claim. The only claim I will make is that you can't accept generic/average data for cases that clearly deviate from the average. Different people need different shit. Somehow people accept that when it comes to eyeglasses and shoe sizes but refuse to believe there's a biological difference when it comes to metabolism.
Note, I didn't say genetic. It doesn't have to be genetic, it could have been from how you ate as a kid. Doesn't matter, still changes the hand of cards you're having to play with. Could be genetic, could be something else. Doesn't matter, the differences exist and need to be taken into consideration.
Depends entirely on what your goals are. Sub 7% body fat? I wouldn't count on it. Sub 11? Definitely possible. I went from north of 40% down to sub 11% (lab tested) after about 2 years at 1,000 calories below the calculator. Felt terrible the whole time; once you get past the hunger the lethargy hits; everything is far less enjoyable than it was before. I hit my sub 11% goal, followed the calculator, got some energy back but ballooned to 20%.
That was the point where I decided fuck it, I'm not going to suffer to try and stay sub 12%. Going to give it one last shot, this time cutting 500 off the calculator and jamming 500 calories worth of physical activity every day. World of difference, cut to 14% and I hover around there. Difference is that I actually have the energy and strength to enjoy my life. Eat what I want, cut when I need to. You never stop having to micromanage your shit.
They say you can't outrun a bad diet. That's bullshit. Jump rope burns 1000 an hour, more if you're heavy. Even a league of legends player can jam a half hour/day of jump rope during champion select and loading screens. That gets you the mythical 500 calorie deficit that all the hard gainers prattle on about. Difference is that it also makes you stronger.
Focus on movement and improving at using energy. Just like with finance, make more money, rather than trying to spend less. Not only is it just as effective, but you can just enjoy life more.
I jump rope. It's absolutely incredible just how inefficient the human body is at that movement. Each skip just a few inches off the ground is worth as much as walking 5 steps. Anecdotal, but I feel I have far more energy during the day after starting jump rope, and surely get significant passive energy use on top of whatever I burn during the jumps I do each day.
fasting
(You)
Nigger you dont know shit about what you talk about.
With enough discipline anybody can lose weight because, guess what? Laws of thermodynamics.
You say hunger is affected by genetica but you dont even know how it is, you are just repeating leftist idiocy you heard on TV.
Hunger is regulated by a hormone called grelin, the more sensitive your GRLN receptors are to grelin / the more grelin your release that binds to the receptors, the more hungry you will be.
BUT, with enough discipline, EVERY SINGLE HUMAN can lose weight.
Get the fuck off my board with your:
"you are gonna have to go on keto and never eat anything sweet"
Bullshit.
As long as it fits you caloric intake, eat what you want, you are a fat faggot trying to lose weight, you dont care about your micronutrient profile since dying of a heart attack is more concerning
I look at this picture and I see two landchads staring at the single mother they are about to evict for failure to pay the mandatory 250% tip
I would focus more on getting into ketosis then calories counting.
Our bodies have two general fuel sources glucose and fat. The body prefer glucose to fat and will use it up any chance it can get.
What you want to do is to use up your body storage of glucose and get you body to start using fat from both what you eat and on your body.
The way to use up glucose is fasting for like a day then either do intermittent fasting or shift to a keto(low carbs and sugar) diet.
I recommend fasting for a day, start the keto diet if you are not use to being into ketosis, check your ketones(with like a cheap piss test) to see how deep you are into ketosis at the end of each week.
Slowly work your way into it
Here some more.info on the basics https://chomps.com/blogs/nutrition-sustainability-news/keto-diet-basics
If you want really go balls to the wall you can try the snake diet which is fasting for long periods with salt water. It really hard to do but it is effective. I would recommend only doing this like once a month. https://snakediet.com/
Remember anon this is a marathon not a race.
Good luck anon
It isnt more complex than that, you will have lose skin since it doenst just go away.
The only way you would lose the lose skin would be if it was the only way for your body to produce energy, that would mean starving yourself and movong all the time until you are...literally...muscle and bone.
I dont reccomended that since you'd likely die b4 that happens.
Just have surgery to take off the loose skin
You are retarded, ketosis doesnt make you lose any fat mass.
Cutting calories will not lose muscle, just eat protein and do activity.
99% of what you lose, even if you are sedentary, will be fat, especially for the average untrained faggot eho doesnt have much muscle to lose
Lifting and cardio should be a given.
Your body will try to return to homeostasis anyways.
Literally just endure it, eat more meat, protein, fats, these are the foods that release leptin (aka: the hormone that makes you satiated).
Obviously if you eat less sweets than usual you will feel like shit, you are eating sweets you twat
You are lying.
On 1000 calories a 100lbs woman would be starving herself without moving from her bed.
Stop being autistic and count the cookies you ate at 2 am you fat faggot
Ha there the bootstrap nigger
Saying out dated bullshit again I see?
This isn't about discipline, it's about efficacy. 
Yeah in a round about way, yeah counting calories does work but it's horribly inefficient compared to just getting body into a literal fat burning state and work from there
But judging from you reaction it appears you have invested your self worth into calorie counting.
You should stop being a emotional faggot and actually look at the results
Getting your body in a fat burning state
You dont burn fat unless you move.
Your body is not stupid.
How do you think you survive in nature? 
Stop being an emotional faggot and look at the results
The results of who? People you are inventing?
Nonexistent - non double control group studies on people unreporting what they eat?
I study this shit lmfao, you probably got scammed by some 110lb mildly fit girl influencer selling her keto diet and are now coping.
Gtfo of here lmao
Gotta mention you also burn fat by digestibg food and literally just breathing.
A stupid faggot like you would go there and ignore the main debate
I'm not making excuses. It's not impossible to eat 1000 calories a day, it's actually easy when I'm eating one meal a day.
Blah blah blah
Alright then, let's have anon test it ou which method is beat.
Let's see how much weight he can lose with effective calorie counting vs effective keto diet
Which ever method loses the most wins.
Or are gonna dogmatic fag about this?
It's not a given. The adage has always been that you can't outrun a bad diet. Or "just eat less bro". That and getting 10,000 steps, which can tack on a full hour of daily time spent that you could have gotten done in 10 minutes jumping rope.
Very important to counter that misinformation. It's not a "given" or a side objective, it should be the core if you actually want to actually be able to enjoy life, rather than being a lethargic thinner person constantly measuring their goddamn meals.
Unless you've actually cut down (and maintained) from 30-40% BF please don't chime in. Everyone wants to comment about how to do achieve something that they've never actually had to achieve themselves.
Just endure it
Bull fuckin' shit. That's not how any of that works. The lethargy doesn't go away. You have to endure it for life. If that wasn't the case, people would never get fat again. They get fat again because maintaining that reduced weight is miserable and dramatically lowers their quality of life.
You have to get good at spending energy to have a good quality of life. You don't get good at spending energy by slashing your budget. You don't see skinny people dieting or tracking their calories; they don't have to, because they're good at spending them.
Muh thermodynamics
Ever eat some movie theater popcorn and then take an oily shit? Guess what? Those calories didn't get digested. You got to eat them but didn't have to pay for them. Just because it goes in you doesn't mean you digest at the same rate. Efficiency of digestion literally means that some of your calories in straight up don't count, when they would for someone else.
Muh hunger
Anyone who has actually had to diet for more than three months knows that hunger stops being an issue. It's the lethargy and overall dissatisfaction with life. You know that if you eat something you'll feel better and be able to enjoy the things you're doing.
If you've never had to do something, don't comment about how best to do it. You don't know shit.
This is rigged.
Thats because with keto he would be losing water, not fat and you know it.
How about having an anon do both for 3 months instead?
After 2 weeks of keto he will stop losing weight.
After calorie counting for 3 months he will have actually lost fat and will be in better shape
Well yeah duh, thats why i said "lifing and cardio should be a given"
If you're morbidly obese and you want to go the intermittent fasting route, don't eat more than 1500 calories every ~16 hours. Drink a gallon of water everyday and walk/exercise for 45 minutes to an hour each day. It's easier if you're a wagie, that way you can just skip breakfast and lunch.
My guy, i literally cut 40 pounds in the pounds, i have also water cut for powerlifting competitions.
I know what i talk about because i have done it.
If your quality of life is lower, look at your micronutrient intake, look at your fat intake.
Have you ever thought of getting your blood drawn?
Absolute retard
if you plan what to eat every day it's pretty simple, i just have the same 3 meals every day
Sounds good to me
Let's the results speak for themselves
Jesus Christ dude. It literally doesn't matter which is better or faster. Want the fastest method? Hard stimulants and fasting, debate finished.
If you've got 60+ pounds to lose it's about sustainability. It's a process that can take years, and if your body is able to passively reach that point it will fight you every step of the way. It will kill your energy and you will be considerably less happy during those two years. Then you get to the goal and realize that you still need to eat far less than you would otherwise like, and that you really don't feel any better than when you were fat.
Please, explain something for me. Why do you feel such a need to cling to some just world fallacy? Why can't you accept that like most things in this world, life's not fair and some people have to work harder/suffer more for a lesser result? Why would weight loss somehow be the one thing where everyone is on equal footing?
Every person that's a healthy weight has a body that is good at spending energy. Thin people don't count calories, but they'll insist that it's the only way for you to see success.
Fr.
Me personally i wake up, eat my carvs for the day, train.
After coming home i will eat 1 meal eith half of my protein for the day and all of my main micronutrients (besides calcium and vitamin A).
Then at dawn i eat the rest of my protein + beef liver + half a kg of yogurt
You are cringe.
You know you are wrong and you act confident.
This is because you know no anon in chat will do this lol.
I am done speaking with your pretentious ass
I'm sure you mean well, but if something "should" be, but isn't then it's worth mentioning and highlighting.
Funny, you start bringing up advice other than muh calories in calories out when pressed. Almost as though you knew the entire time that it was something more complicated but chose to suppress that information. Care to explain why?
Cut 40
Powerlifting
Dude, cutting from a bulk is nowhere near the same thing as losing weight from having always been fat. Being that weight was not "normal" for you. The ride back down was aided by your body's natural inclination to return to that normal number.
Again, you've never cut 60+ and you've been never cut weight that's been with you for a decade. It's not the same thing, and it's fucking obnoxious. Hard gainer douchebags who have to absolutely gorge themselves to get mass just assume that's what everyone has to do. It isn't.
you should do some exercise. almost every person who doesn't look like shit exercises 4-5 times a week. it's just one of those dull habits you need to follow to live like a human being, like bathing or brushing your teeth
Funny, you start bringing up advice other than muh calories in calories out when pressed. Almost as though you knew the entire time that it was something more complicated but chose to suppress that information. Care to explain why?
To lose its calories in - calories out.
For health its bloodwork, fat intake and micronutrient profile. I literally said this in a previous comment bruh.
Being that weight was not "normal" for you. The ride back down was aided by your body's natural inclination to return to that normal number.
I had been overweight since i was 6 before my first cut at 15.
I was always playing basketball and sprinting, i had a bit of muscle but i was like 30% bodyfat.
I cut down to like 20%, abandoned basketball cuz national selections are rigged, started lifting and did body recomp
Uh, dude. I felt fine when I was eating what to wanted and was fat. I ate less, at healthier, and felt WORSE. If it felt better then there would be no fat people; people would shift their diet and go "Wow, this is great, I feel amazing" and there would never be a reason to go back.
I had the blood work done. I wanted to document this shit for my own gratification. You're literally just grasping at whatever you can to prop up the just world fallacy in your mind.
Had a body recomposition during puberty
Provides completely ass pull numbers
Thinks this is indicative of adult weight loss.
Still finds a way to complain about something or make excuses that wouldn't be acceptable for someone else to make
Sure thing pal. Again, this is a thread about adult weight loss, specifically for those who have been fat for a very long time You cannot speak on this as an authority if you've not actually done it yourself.
Always sprinting
Thank you for this one though. You're right about one thing. Bodies of a healthy weight are good at spending energy. That's the metric that should be improved.
How old are you? In your early 20s that's normal.
You are coping.
My entire point is a deficit is needed.
You say they feel worse but dont say how the people trying to lose weight feel after they have lost the weight and are on a micronutrient rich, high protein diet.
Bruh moment.
B-but you did it during puberty
Physics still apply dude
you say this like a food scale is some kind of insane investment, like asking someone to get one is just as incredulous as asking them to hire a private chef
Also, please read the other posts. Just because a calorie is swallowed does not mean that it's digested. You wouldn't have the occasional whole kernel of corn in your shit if it was. Carbohydrates, fat, and protein have all been shown to have different efficiencies of digestion, with protein being the least efficient. That's why protein shits are a thing; more of the mass is passing through you.
BMR and TDEE calculators have well documented margins of error, and if you're on the unfortunate side of that margin you'll have to cut deeper than what the calculator tells you.
These things add up and shouldn't be ignored. A 1% difference in digestion efficiency is a difference of about 2 pounds per year. A 5% slower BMR (within 1 Standard deviation) is 10 pounds in a year, all with the same activity level and food intake.
I've never argued against the notion of a caloric deficit, only that the calculators have margins of error, and if you're on the unfortunate side you have to cut much deeper than what the calculator tells you.
I couldn't imagine how someone who has a job could diet
Fasting is a lack of a diet. Anyone would become lethargic if they deprived themselves of nutrients. Someone with a job would be fine if they ate 90-100% animal products even if they consumed only 1500 calories a day. Viewing food through the lens of "energy" as in calories is how you end up lethargic and unhealthy. Nutrients are vastly more important than calories ever will be
Just do OMAD then. It's intermittent fasting, one meal a day and you can eat whatever you want. It's literally impossible to be fat if you do this diet since the max you can eat in one meal is 1500. 
I lost 50lbs doing this diet and I eat frozen pizza and ice cream everyday for my one meal.
I'm convinced that fatcel isn't volcel.
Of course. If it were easy to lose weight, it wouldn't be such a giant industry, and we wouldn't keep getting fatter all across the developed world despite massive efforts to end the obesity epidemic. 95% of people who diet and lose weight are back at their starting weight or higher after 2 years, IIRC. So it's not a lack of willpower, because people are able to lose it initially--the body just tries really hard to get them back to the "setpoint" and you can only fight your body for so long (it's like if you were trying to stop breathing for as long as possible). 
Still, it's not impossible, so I hope you can pull it off, Anon. Just don't be hard on yourself if you fail; this is much more difficult than it seems and there are a lot of factors working against you.
I've gotten in the habit of doing all of my eating in a one hour window after losing a lot of weight. Even going from 245 pounds to 135 at my lowest I still found it more than easy to eat 2000 calories in that one sitting, which led to me slowly regaining and now I'm back up to 160 a year later so I have to get back on the 48 hour fasting train, which is still technically possible to fuck up because a 3000 calorie binge in an hour isn't so ridiculous when you've been ravenously hungry for 2 days straight. We're not like you people and never can be, we're permanently fucked in the head. It's always going to be a lifelong struggle if you grew up this way.
Why not just do OMAD? It's so easy bro, also try vaping during the day since nicotine is an appetite supressant. I just chain vape all day, then eat my pizza and ice cream for my one meal and I'm currently 6'0 165lbs with visible abs.
also try vaping during the day since nicotine is an appetite supressant
"Just give yourself cancer to be skinny!"
No studies show vaping causes cancer, all the ingredients in vape are the same as the ones in asthma inhalers, other than nicotine. Nicotine is a mild stimulant like caffeine.
Being fat is worse than having cancer.
At least 10% of cancers are caused by obesity. That's before we get into heart disease, stroke, diabetes, etc. With the modern human lifestyle, you're probably going to get cancer anyway, may as well be skinny and hot while you're doing it.
cant you use nicotine patches 4 the same effect and no cancer
Update from OP:
I drank some electrolyte water and no longer feel like shit.
im on day 5 of my water fast, and last time i did a 36 day water fast
this time im drinking vegan vegetable broth every couple days for the electrolutes. so cabbage, mushrooms, a carrot, ginger, bok choi, onions. i strain out the solids and drink the liuqids with salt. that shit tastes like what what i imagine teenage virginal love wound feel like
this time around i think its a lot easier. im on day 5 and i feel no hunger, its honsetly ez mode. my last fast was absolutely brutal, but i wanted to do it so fucking badly i just suffered through it. i think you need electrolutes, and break you fast with a week of watermelon only. thats how i broke mine
based philosophy, fuck being fat and fuck fat people
i think you need electrolutes
Yeah. That was exactly the problem.
