Why don't fembots just put some effort into their appearance and personality instead of crying that they don't have a boyfriend?
Plastic tits anon stop trying to psyop people. Most men prefer small natural tits to large fake ones. Obviously naturally big is the best but any natural is better than fake.
I find plastic perfectly circular tits more disgusting than flat chested women desu.
Bolt on tits remind me of trannies.
Because even if you are a 10/10 moids will still cheat anyway. Scrotes are incapable of loyalty, caring for others, monogamy, staying with the same women as they grow old etc. Moids love encouraging women to compete with each other for their musty mediocre dick because it benefits men, but its a rigged game and the only winning move is not to play.
fakest tits east of alabama
STOP THE BIMBOFICATION
honestly I really prefer being natural and view stuff like this as disgusting like unironically I look at women who get plastic surgery and stuff as second class citizens, they're setting us back and reinforcing the idea that we're all just objects for male pleasure. unironically disgusting.
Hard for anyone to love a woman who doesn't care about her health and lets herself get fat, saggy, ugly and wrinkly. How can you blame anyone for not wanting to stick with that?
Moids really are the Jews of the sexes. Constantly twisting the truth and being dishonest.
Nobody's going to cheat on their perfect girlfriend who they love more than anything to get with someone uglier and fatter.
Are you just making things up to get angry?
men are the blacks of the sexes, evil rapey and violent. 49%/97%, around ballsacks never relax
Why is it ok for women to cheat but not moids?
no idea. There's no such thing as an ugly women, only lazy ones. Any woman can get a boyfriend, you see women weighing over 600 pounds get a man. Women that complain about not having a man are a joke idc. 
-a woman (not a tranny, here we go)
Not even a tranny larp, you can literally just tell this was written by a man.
how. I'm a woman. You can go outside and see complete monsters with boyfriends. Women that complain just have too high of standards, I've seen it first hand. I had an overweight 4/10 maybe coworker say a guy that liked her was too short for her, "What? I can't help what I like!", and I'm just like girl you're doing this to yourself.
This is so obviously a man larping. This is almost as obvious as when the ricecels larp as being white and spam BBC threads.
think what you want fren
I prefer natural [any size] to fake [any size], and I LOVE big tits. fake ones simply don't count. I would marry a completely flat board who won't even be able to feed a child one drop of milk, rather than having a one night stand with a woman with fake tits.
No, men cheat even on the most prettiest women because their scrote programming is to inseminate as many women as possible and their quality doesnt matter. They will get fed up with her beauty and want a new pussy simply because of that, its their most basic instinct.
do u wanna pay for my boob job then? x
I wish you wrote that answer first i thought you sounded like a alpha widow before.
that's more understandable
All fembots should get surgery.
It's their only chance to make it.
How much? only if i get to fuck them
I will, if I get to enjoy them before and after.
It's not my job to fix you.
Fembots, plastic tits are fucking disgusting. Don't do this to yourselfs, you're tits are perfectly fine as they are
Simp.
Nobody actually likes small tits.
ridiculous you think literal silicone is more attractive than natural human tits
I do. I'd rather have a gf with no tits at all than one with 2 big infected zits that look like canonball
I also hate lip fillers
Men like women with nice perky breasts, not toddler-tier flat chests or old saggy pancake boobs.
youve upset me now
Nope the right is def an improvement u r just gae
Bro, handle facts. If youre flat chested you are going to be bottom of the bunch compared to sizeable tits. Give a body reference of what yours are and we will see
I only like saggers or washboards
Correct non pedo and masculine high testosterone opinion
Ur kidding if your flat chested body is better to big perky tits that a man can hold and feel.
aww sad that noone will find your tophalf of your body attractive. ur stuck being a flat bitch
nobody's stuck being a flat bitch it literally takes like 3 weeks to fix
