When I lost all my friends and my career, I was left with just anons to keep me company.
Soon I noticed that I had become very stressed after weeks of meaningless online fights. I adopted a negative outlook on people. It was because my only reflection of other humans were these immature, spiteful assholes I was listening to all day. I was winning all the debates, but it didnt matter. The other person was more evil and more hurtful, so I was kind of losing. It's like a 4chan debate isn't about intellect at all.
Now I cant tell if humanity as a whole is just worthless spiteful incels who are perpetually stuck in some kind of bully mode, or just you guys.
The Internet really made me lose all hope.
Uh-oh, you insulted the 4chan mob, prepare for comebacks
I do this for stress relief, personally. Maybe you shouldn't be such a faggot
Stress RELIEF?
I cant even sleep when I've been attacked by shitty non-arguments that irritate me for being so thoughtless and selfish
It's been that way since BBSs and Usenet. Internet fights prove nothing but who's more spiteful. There's no real reason to change your mind or admit someone else is right when no one knows who you are. Plus most of those people are arguing insincerely, they just want to see how mad they can make you.
Don't argue over the internet. Make fun of the guy's poor logic then leave him hanging. Let him have the last word and he'll have trolling blue-balls waiting for you to reply.
Touch grass? Idk what else to say. I think you just need to go out and socialise, try to get along with people face to face. 
They will be more comfortable to talk to. Because they can't hide behind being anonymous.
Don't let circumstances define your attitude and behaviour towards something. Also trying to rationalize your own inadequacy is a waste of time. Get to doing things.
Fun even. There are lols and corruptions thereof
No clue, maybe your psyche is just that of a submissive faggot that gets overly influenced by his environment. Can't imagine how cucked it is to post here even though it puts you in a bad mood
Personally, if I didn't like posting here I'd simply stop.
Anon I'm over 30, there's nowhere I can go outside
tl;dr you're TOO FUCKING STUPID to tell apart reality from fiction. You do not deserve a serious reply, KYS
Hobbies? You are not one dimensional surely?
If you don't have anywhere you can go, you should join club activities (sports etc.) thinktanks, art galleries or similar spheres that are not too far away and maybe local cafes and bars.
If these don't tickle your fancy, you can consider creating a place like that yourself, it's about belonging and some people can actually create and maintain these places. It's about enriching others and yourself.
Working for yourself only and for the thing you want in life and real cultured independence drive you to real purpose.
I think half are spiteful incels + other bitter people and the other half are complete piece of shit normies who created said incels. Either way people are disgusting.
I never understood arguing with anons on the internet. Why do it? You're not gonna change their opinion as everyone is so set in their beliefs, you don't know who they are so it has no affect on you. Is it like a personal gain thing?
I don't think the internet made you bitter and angry, losing your friends and career did. The internet just became an outlet for your rage.
retard
I remember when I was new to 4chan way back then and arguing used to seriously stress me out. Made my tummy ache even. Well that faded away eventually though not completely. Not really relaxed being here but arguing is better than depression.
I always have fun arguing over the internet. But then, I always win my arguments. Maybe it's less fun when you get BTFO and have to come up with copes about how the only reason you lost is because the other person was "spiteful" and "selfish".
Go out and find out, you'll discover what "terminaly online" means and how little what shit goes on on the internet matters. Some peopel just put the internet at the center of everything and overinflate its importance. People who just use it casually are living ordinary lives.
Your first mistake was ever taking anyone on this shithole seriously enough to fight them.
As someone who's known several people from this board on discord, I can tell you this: almost all of them exclusively are fucked up immoral faggots who hate everything and everyone and will try to pick fights with you out of nowhere.
Majority of posters from r9k aren't human beings.
You gotta remember not everyone arguing is taking the argument seriously, in fact some people don't even believe what they're arguing. They're just doing it for the lols and to get the other person mad. So its not stressful.
kek
In the end, this board is just a bunch of unhappy people lashing out at others in the world. Nobody is right.
You seem like some hippy dippy faggot who would pretentiously talk about chakras before catching a sexual assault allegation
The internet is a reflection of what people actually believe behind their PC exterior. They can't say their true feelings but what you see on the internet is the uncensored truth of what goes on in their mind.
Do you know what irony is? You retarded frogfaggot?
we have Einstein himself here folks
the internet is filled with people who shouldnt even be using it. the internet was destroyed the day the iphone was released. every retard in the world now can spew their degenerate vile wherever whenever. 
people like saying shit like the west is in decline. nah you want to know what is in decline? the fucking internet. its filled with social media junkie trash, their entire state of being is nothing other than whats trending on social media. their personality is a fucking engagement algorithm
thats what it used to be, not anymore. your mindset is that of someone who can and will be brainwashed by the propaganda. the internet is nothing other than a weapon at this point
is this a meta-argument?
i used the internet plenty before smartphones and it was just as stupid and shitty back then
it was stupid and silly, and it also wasnt a weapon. thats the difference.
You are almost right except trolls exist. I myself frequently misrepresent my true views and opinions on things if I know it will rattle the other person.
Don't take it seriously. Treat it like a silly game that you can choose to play. Social masks exist for good reason and if people in real life have the courtesy to act normal around you then you are doing something right.
At the end of the day anon everyone is just trying to live their lives. Humanity is not necessarily good or evil on that large a scale, we're just organisms competing for survival, and that competition can turn dark and violent but its just life. On the small scale the average person is nicer than you think, albeit not a little angel or anything. Few people are legitimately evil to the core and often any rudeness or "evil" is just a learned behavior that isn't entirely intended, I know I treat those close to me bad on occasion even though I don't mean it.
View the world as you wish, but it's never as bad as it seems through a glance of your red tinted lenses.
you're a weapon m8
Most of the world is like this behind closed doors.
"Discussions" at family reunions behind closed doors are literally irl 4chan.
If you go out the environment will be fompletely different tho, because....you know...public decency.
Not in america tho (i suppose, i dont live there)
