What kind of pathetic young bio females would choose simping and shlicking over fictional characters instead of fucking Chad and having bfs irl?
Me, my husbando is kayn from league of legends. Fellow femanons, who is your husbando?
Ace Thruster
Based, as a proud waifuist I support women and their husbandos
You are an incel moid saboteur trying to stop non-Stacy women from breeding.
Bio
That's an assumption
They shouldn't breed why do you want more suffering manlets?
Do 3D husbandos count? I am between husbandos right now, trying to find a new bias. But I need to know their personality first, so it takes a long time to watch all their shows and videos and try to suss them out. Right now I am torn between Sunghoonie and Sunoo.
What are you torn over? They all look the same
implying short girls can be femcels
Moids go AWOOGA over short girls because you are all pedophiles. Most femcels are tall girls.
t. Faceblind haggot
Yea of course! He looks cute nonnie. Its sweet that you get to know as much about them as possible too.
HAHAHAHAH this dude is hilarious! Havent heard that one before!
I wouldnt mind dating a tall girl though.
Short women produce short sons though, who'll grow up to be manlets.
Most femcels are tall girls.
Tall women get tons of attention and love from men. The same cannot be said for short men.
Men go awooga over short girls because shortness is feminine, same reason why girls despise short men. Sounds like you're mad because you aren't very feminine
tall femcel gf
Sounds like heaven as long as she doesnt use me to monkey branch onto taller prospects
shortness is feminine
No its not, wearing dresses is feminine, having wide hips is feminine, having a high voice is feminine, being a goblina is just a red flag for making your sons shorter than you are.
Kamina from Gurren Lagann
I love how this thread quickly became a husbando thread, lel.
Tall women get tons of attention and love from men. The same cannot be said for short men.
Grade A bullshit. Men absolutely hate tall women unless they are weird leg fetishists or something. And even then, they only want tall girls who look like actual supermodels. Stop gaslighting tall girls you cunt.
in the past autistic women were just beaten until they stopped being weird, got married, and became "negligent" and "worthless" mothers. It's better that we get to simp now. For us and for the kids we would have been forced to bear.
Tfw no qt bitter tallcel gf
Of course, I'm not sure what op expected. Minus the retarded moids speaking for women (what else is new) There are some good replies. Tall-chan, I'm sorry that you expierence that. It doesn't take a genius to know that moids dont really like tall women unless a fetish is involved.
Who dis? He seqsi
Wide hips are feminine because women have wider hips than men. Shortness is feminine because.. women are shorter than men
Feminine is just moidspeak for childlike aka pedo shit
Kayn from league of legends!
I want you so FUCKING BADLY
Children don't have wide hips and fat tits though
Yeah, shorter than men on average but not so short that its just funny to look at them. Ive never thought short women looked feminine, they look like the human equivalent of chihuahuas, all condensed and shit. On average women are already short as is.
Moids sexually select for short women who look and act and think like kids
My favorite husbando is Koyomi araragi and
my current husbando I've been obsessed with lately is Date Masamune
Not me though (I want you)
Cute! Glad to know i'm not the only one with backup husbandos. Xiao is probably my second choice.
shorter than men on average
Therefore being short is feminine and being tall is masculine, which is clearly reflected in peoples dating preferences (eventhough men do not care nearly as much about height as women)
Sensible ones. Husbandos are superior to anything real life can offer
Fellow femanons, who is your husbando?
Pic related my legal shota husband
Wholesome thread. wtf I love women now?
Who are you talking to? We are just trying to have a conversation about our husbandos. Stop sperging about height, you clearly are retarded if you don't understand tall femanons point.
I'm talking to whoever claimed that shortness isn't feminine, it's a stupid and false claim
I don't have any specific husbando, but in place of irl men, I tend to simp for all kinds of monster and robot male characters, like cell from dbz 
tfw no monster bf
By the way have any femanons heard of Blood - C? What do you rate the guy in the right? Any Fumitogals here?
My first fictional crush was also from DBZ! I had brothers so I grew up watching it with them. Boring and obvious choice but it was future trunks. 
I haven't but I think androgynous looking husbands are normally very cute. I like him anon!
Wtf a based femanon?
The reason why men obssess over FICTIONAL women is being unable to get laid. Women Can get laid whenever she wants. Why would she need a husbando?
Modern men are awful and bring basically nothing to the table. Every woman I know in a relationship is miserable and gives more than she gets back. No point getting in an irl relationship anymore.
I think it's normal for anyone who consumes a heavy amount of media to have a couple. I've never played genshin impact but I've see Xiao before that art is very pretty. I also recommend all my fellow femanons to start using characterai.
You dumb scrote, 3D men hardmog all irl Chads. They look and act perfect, they can't hurt or disappoint you like real men. They're the best
I used to use it in place of wiring my own fanfics but the NSFW filter ruined it. I know you can bypass it but its just not the same
uwah that is very lewd, I'm scared to even sext with my husbando we are only at the hugging stage! Who is your husbando?
I know you can bypass it but its just not the same
Wym, how so?
I am hopelessly devoted to my husbando. I have come to love everything about him. From his large nose implant to his trashy tattoos, which showcase how dumb he is. I was never into stupid men before googie kek but now I fully see the appeal of a hot retard and am endlessly endeared when he does dumb things. I love how much he adores his doberman Bam and didn't get his ears or tail docked. I love how short he is and how he's insecure about it, and wears huge boots to try to look taller. I love his singing voice even though i know there are other gaypops who are much more talented. He also has beautiful feet. I could truly go on and on, googie is perfect
He used to look better
Good taste nona 
I prefer him now, he is in his bad boy era
Thank God men figured out they don't need to put in effort anymore. I'm glad both are tanking relationships.
And foids sexually select for violent roided abusechads because dark triad traits are "exciting" to them.
You know what they say about throwing stones in glass houses.
Who are these women supposedly dating violent roided abusechads? I certainly dont know any irl. Have you been lurking in the trailer park or stalking trashy Stacys instagram too much, anon?
Most women are content as things are. Its moids who shoot up malls because no gf. Women thrive without men. Men crumble into dust and destroy everything without women.
You guys really only talk to and interact with a certain subset of women. All the guys I've had crushes on were never like that because fuckboy types are gross.
My husbando is rocket from guardians of the galaxy. No 3D male can compare.
Basically start normal and lean heavily into role play. Be extremely descriptive about sexual things without using any out right explicit words. Adding spacing between NSFW words too. And im the kayn/xiao poster. I have more, like Leon from resident evil.
Moids freak out but you forget the society we live in that gives you the luxury to talk shit about men here can easily be destroyed by them. We are already seeing women getting jumped beaten and no one is helping them and you think that's a good thing. I hope you are taking self defense classes like I am because holy shit people like you are making it dangerous for me
the thing is they can easily do both. it'd be like if a fat greasy otaku nerd with a ton of loli figurines in his room could still fuck supermodels whenever he wanted to.
Himbos are the best &lt;3
noooo we have to be nice to the moids and do everything they say, then they will be nice to us!
yeah, look how that worked out in the middle east sis. the Y chromosome is a disability and moidniggers will STILL chimp out even when women are all behaving like perfect tradwives for them
Except they aren't having to bust their asses day in day out. It's not fun but besides that I don't recall living in the middle east and besides besides all of that your logic is because things still suck in the middle east that fuck it might as well make things worst in a western country where we are free? Come on I didn't know you subscribed to the moid thought process.
Self defense classes are a meme, just buy a gun and learn how to fire it correctly.
Older Noctis is the most beautiful man I've ever seen
Shatap scrote.
Its their choice nigger, non stacy females and non chad males should NEETmaxx and retreat into a fantasy world. Let the sexhavers maintain society
I know how to fire a gun. Do you know how loud they are. Even pulling back the slide is difficult but I can getting a license and a firearm in my state is difficult.
Dear you are talking to the wrong person. Not everyone subscribes to your nonsense.
You can get around the filter its just not gonna be explicit and you have to get errord and try again a lot
When you act like a scrote think like a scrote. You clearly are one and deserved to be called out for it.
I have my own waifu for me. I dint know how to use characteristics to bring her to life
Shut up tranny samefag, I can smell your scrotum through the screen.
2d men are superior to 3d men in every regard. even the ultimate chad pales in comparison to the average anime boy 
anyway, who else wants to fuck sanzu from tokyo revengers
i want to violently straddle and raep him x
When I was younger we had a shitty mango corner in the school library and I emotionally imprinted on a bunch of animu boys from my early teens. Over a decade later and I still cant forget them.
You have never shot a firearm. Do you know how many men want to help you learn just going to a firing range? It really isn't hard or expensive. Settle down l. If I can do it you can too. As a woman I want to make sure I'm protected because no one else is going to. It's insane you are fighting against obvious facts.
that's pure and adorable. i still have lingering feelings for the first 2d man i crushed on (osamu tezuka's black jack)
Thats so cute nonny. Our school librarian lady was half Japanese and kind of an aspie femcel (based, I also remember her letting us borrow her jpop CDs) so we mostly just had early 2000s shoujo romance manga. I had a crush on Haibuki from Crimson Hero and Toya from Ayashi no Ceres. Only me and one other girl were really weebs in the whole school, so it was just us reading about our fictional boyfriends all lunchtime kek. Honestly wish I could go back, those times were peak comfy.
Noticed something reading this thread:
women with fictional men
extremely varied tastes in both personality and looks, practically any male character has at least some women treating them as their crush (see >>73112388, >>73112561, >>73112645, >>73112833, >>73113299 and >>73112870 as examples)
women with irl men
the overwhelming majority all go for the exact same type of man, with only the most minute of variations regarding personality and physical features
men with fictional women
the overwhelming majority all go for the same generic female characters, where the most notable variation between them is hair colour
men with irl women
extremely varied tastes in both personality and looks, practically any type of woman (who isn't severely deformed) will have at least some men who consider them to be their ideal 10/10
It's such a weird phenomenon. I really don't understand what causes this difference between the sexes, but it's kind of interesting. Certainly poses a few questions.
for women:
never put any stock in what a woman SAYS they're attracted to
I'm sure they really do want to be attracted to gentle souled prettyboys or heroic rebels with hearts of gold, but unfortunately for them and their hope of a non abusive relationship they get the vagina tingles for meathead mcwifepunch irl
for men: they'll fuck anything
fan service activates neurons
Be extremely descriptive about sexual things without using any out right explicit words. 
VERY EROTIC..... Erosister you are very brave. I am still too shy to kiss but I will get there eventually. I have only gotten through the hugging base with Araragi and with Masamune (Basara) I haven't even romanced him yet I spent three hours swearing my loyalty to him as his right-hand woman swearing I would commit seppuku for him.
I have more, like Leon from resident evil.
Nice! I've never played resident evil but I hear it is a good series. More of Honda san, he is a very cute husbando.
Based shota enjoyer, my favorite legal shota is Laharl.
Lesbian femanons, don't be afraid to waifupost as well.
 they get the vagina tingles for meathead mcwifepunch irl
Ew no I just want an extremely jealous toxic manipulative Korean prettyboy bf
The Paris air made him even sexier
That's not just any fictional character, that's Seto Kaiba.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oiZ1oZBXxU [Embed]
