force me to study, i just need to finish this fucking semester, any reply really, christ almighty
Just turn the computer off and hit the books. Take a break every time you finish a decent chunk of studying.
i swear on everything that is valuable to me i would've done that if not every study mat is on my laptop. i dont have a smart phone
not every study material*
Make sure you reward urself after u study a certain amount
Why do you study?
Oh then just study lol. That's pretty much all there is to it. Just gotta force yourself even when it really sucks ass. I finished my undergrad degree in a crazy difficult STEM field with a 3.98 GPA despite being drunk or high for 2 of the 3 years it took. I managed to do it because I knew that if I fucked up my schooling I'd be an eternal poorfag. You don't have to be a poorfag, right anon?
chemical engineering
i dont mind rewarding myself, but the moment i get off the books, my streak is broken and it's literal hell to restart
GOD KNOWS I DONT. I FULLY REALIZE HOW EASY IT IS. I'M NOT DUMB I'M SMART AF. I JUST HAVE NO WILLPOWER TO DO SHIT. i repeated years 1 and 2 of my uni because i couldnt get it up for studying (plus life issues but it was mostly my fault) and the only reason i passed these 2 years was because i already saw them beforehand so i had a base to start on and wasnt as unmotivated as i am now (if someone suggests i redo this year i'll make sure you piss blood tonight). i dont want to be a poorfag. i developed rashes over the anxiety from this shit
Not what but why
ah my bad, i study so i can get a degree so i can get a very high paying job (plus i've already invest 4 years into this shit)
It's all good.
Uh not that reason tho give me what comes after that. Is there another reason?
i think i know you
are you a woman
kek no, first time poster on this board
after the money? being able to pay for my parents and take care of my little sister, buy a car for the family, be able to study up on stuff i find important, be able to support myself financially so i can date without feeling inferior, buy hobby shit, build a small house in my home village, etc etc
Would you consider these and the other reasons you didn't mention, intrinsic in nature?
I liked that you opened up about doing it for your family too.
I mean a vision or a personal dream. Something that is far off but very important and a so called "moonshot" that can't be compromised with.
yeah, these goals are basically the reason i live. 
technically the core reason is human relationships. i wanna have friends, i wanna have my family comfortable enough (not in luxury) and start one of my own, i wanna be able to live comfortably alongside the people from my village.
i just need to finish this degree because if i dont finish it after all this time, i dont think i can mentally recover from this shit
I believe you. Good that you have a good sense of personal priorites and basic care / empathy for yourself and others 
But if you let me ask one more question it would be this:
Let's say you are on your own. No one to care for and no one in the future. Would you still do your studies? This is vital for your own sake.
probably yeah, but it's more of a lack of anything better to do? knowledge opens up the way to many roads and paths and lets you have so many opportunities. 
not scholarly knowledge only ofc. practical knowledge and hands first experiences and random encounters all count towards broadening your horizons and guaranteeing a better life.
but it all comes down to who you can share all this with. you cant have someone mock you and see you for yourself better than family, you can have someone hold you like a romantic partner, you cant laugh like you do when you're with friends. it al comes down to the people you want in your life
forgot my image. unrelated but oh well
What do you consider a better thing to do, if there is anything?
I agree with you, everyone around us is what makes all of this also worth it.
I too wish for my loved ones to be happy, healthy and well off. To grow with them and to experience beautiful scenery and share special moments together.
I won't try to get more out of you, but know that intrinsic motivation and extrinsic motivation are both important.
Mine's at 1% and I'm still going. God has a plan for me even if I hate it right now.
look up cold turkey blocker
Adderal or put your phone in another room and use sites like cold Turkey or study in a open library
the better thing to do is always to study or learn new stuff, whether it's science or politics or whatever. 
you said would i still do my studies if didn't have the people i cared about and i said yes, but i'd do it because of the fact that if that was the case, i'd quite literally have nothing to live for, and i'm too much of a chicken to kms. i'd try to for new connections ig, but considering my atrocious capabilities, it's too damn difficult. i know i can do it, but human interaction when you dont have a clear goal or arent sufficiently warmed is a nightmare. i leave uni class meetings to go to an abandoned bathroom on campus and regulate my breathing sometimes, it's pathetic. the worst part is i love all of it (the socializing, the studying) and i'm genuinely trying, but it feels like i'm in deep deep mud that makes me exhausted just by raising my hands, so it's much easier to sit still.
as i said in the previous post, i WANT to study, i love it really, i was a grade A student up until my first year in uni. but it genuinely feels so surreal, it' like ik all about the right choice and how easy it is to do it, but actively select the bad one like my brain and heart are disconnected
thanks i will check it out
i have no money to see a psychiatrist or whatever health specialist you see for this, much less pay for medicine
I was where you were. I gave up. I literally couldn't. 
So I had to quit. 
But I was just doing what was normal. I thought this is the way it has to be done. I still suffer physically and mentally years after giving up.
Just so you know. I am sure you will stick with it. Don't lose sight of yourself tho ok.
Oh thank anon, i know i will stick with it and finish and all, the only question is how long it'll take, i can take 20 years knowing my shitty disposition but i wont give up. i thought maybe connecting with a few bots here might give me enough of a boost to get going again, i just need to start.
i keep saying that to myself. i need to start, i need to start, i need to start, i need to start, once i take the first step it'll all be smooth sailing, just the first step, i need to start, that's all i need, just one step, just one page, just one look. 
yet i dont take it most of the time until the stars align.
fucking forgot it again
What happens if you don't start?
Imagine yourself never doing anything worthwhile.
Because that's what it will amounts to if you don't do.
If you don't want to you shouldn't. 
But then you have to life with yourself and that decision and "wasted" opportunity and time.
My advice would be to do your best in every moment that you are able to do so.
anon, i already know that. i told you i already see the path clearly, i know i will turn into shriveled up basement dweller whose favorite past time is trolling on 4chan, who isolates himself in his room, has migraines 3/7 days of the week, has to watch his younger sis and young cousins, literal kids, achieving more than him while he tells the same story about his highschool at 32 that he's been repeating since forever. i can see this future as clear as day and yet....
sometimes i wonder if i had a close friend that would push me or take time out of his life to help me would help me overcome my problems, but alas, i doubt such a person exists. my parents try sometimes by the gap between us is too big for us to work together as we have many other issues. my uncle tries sometimes, but he lives far far away and is only around for a day every 2 month and then he's busy with other stuff even then.
No one but you.
So you can be there for yourself and everyone else that matters.
This isn't egoism or narcissism. This is self respect.
If no one else is there to push you, you push yourself to over 9000 and beyond. 
I took time out of my messed up life so at least consider this.
i will try anon, i will try.
but that's no new advice. i know no one will save except for me. but i dont even have the will to help myself.
have you ever watched Welcome to the NHK?
Yea I have. Why? Has been a while tho.
Where is your will? If you can't follow your own instincts and have no energy to do things, it won't change.
Care for yourself more and listen to yourself. Your will is inside of you.
ah great! 
if you remember towards the end, satou gets involved with his former classmate's pyramid scheme and they discover said mlm ruined her life while she was trying to look after her hikikomori brother. said brother does nothing but play games all day and bang on the floor for her to make him food, only when he has the plug pulled on him when she gets arrested does he get out and find a job and restart his life. that's gonna be me if i dont start, i know it.
God do i wish i knew
Ah I see, only when push comes to shove. It's better to happen late rather than not at all.
But you at least are aware of what's the problem so it won't take that long.
What show is picrel btw? Kinda interested in that show lol.
yup that's mostly when my will shows its honorable self.
i'm afraid this will also fade as i notice i care less for my exams, i prep less for stuff, etc... i dont want to devolve into what i've described before, i cant live with myself like that. but i will anyways ig, just like how satou, after proclaiming he wants to die and get it over with, reaches for the cliff the moment he starts to fall. it's the epitome a selfish bastardized existence
Lost Universe, it's originally a light novel series that's a spin off from the famous Slayers LN series. both series have animes too
also thanks for talking to me anon, you're great
Np, you are awesome yourself, thank you too ^^ lost universe is on my radar now.
It sounds corny but never give up on yourself.
Believe can move mountains as they say.
too bad i'm a skeptical moron to the core
Wisdom from the mountains - Alan Watts, maybe it's a vehicle for you.
oh cool rec anon, this looks interesting.
got any cooler recs? i'm going to sleep now, but i'll check the thread when i wake up/make a new one in hopes you see it
also very funny coincidence, i just remembered, in the spirit of what you were just telling me
Lost Universe OP has this line in it "Do your best for your sake anytime". inspiring coincidence ngl
