Why does looking at women supposedly rot your brain? I quit porn and now pretty strictly just browse instagram thottery. However, is it any more healthy for me? I find that I don't feel as awful after fapping to instagram scantily clad women in comparison to porn. However even in general, why does just looking at women seemingly rot your brain. You don't really see women suffering from looking at handsome men. Why?
What are you talking about, retard? 
If you train your brain to develop around images of women and your lust for them, then that will rot your brain particularly when those images do not reflect your reality. That's not how we evolved to relate to women nor is it specific to men looking at women. Furry only became a thing after anthropomorphized animal cartoons became a thing. 3DPD only became a thing after tranime became a thing. 
Secondly, no, looking at instathots is not healthier lol. If you're at a point in your life where women are just nice to look at and you don't vibe with them as people, maybe your brain was already retarded but the porn is designed to make things worse for you. Do you randomly think about how women would look naked or in instathot poses, even in normal conversations?
I am not sure I really follow what you mean. I do find women attractive in real life. I don't really talk to women in real life though because I am autistic and have other issues I have to work on in regards to that stuff. Do I think about how a woman would look naked? Yes. Not really in insta thot poses. Basically, I am incredibly aware that porn and instagram isn't real life. However, the women I see on instagram seem closer to reality than the women in porn.
Most people have autism so I wouldn't worry about that. Just find a girlfriend and turn off the sensitive content on instagram.
Religious people want you to stop looking at porn because jesus is sad. Jesus doesn't exist so it is worthless garbage advice. Women want you to stop looking at porn because there is a chance you won't be willing to do as much as you otherwise would to get pussy.
its because females are only attractive when they pose in static positions, when they move the way they joints and muscles transform reflects their cerebral cortex/CNS and other parts of the brain and it shows how stupid braindead and unevolved they are, they dont even have full independant control of their fingers, its more like mittens hand
No, it makes God angry.
No, it makes God horny.
WHICH ONE IS IT????? TELL ME NOW ANON!!!!!
