It is because their children are boomers, just don't raise your kids to be leftist morons.
My grandma is lucky my mom works at the same nursing home she is at.
Most boomers are anti woke, retard
lol at pro-natalists
But if you don't have kids you'll die alo--ACCK
Its literally just a white thing. In all other cultures its normal for grandma to live at home and everyone helps take care of her until she passes away. Whites are so hyper individualistic that they cut their family members off over who they voted for and cant wait to send all their sick or old relatives to homes and hospitals to die.
Just don't be white and have a lot of kids in a culture that's not pozzed like whites
This post literally proves breeders are always right. I'm glad I have kids.
antinatalism is lobster in the pool mentality. genetically unfit shouldn't reproduce simple as. leave the sexually successful and chads alone
The irony is many sexually successful people and Chads are awful parents who either abandon or abuse their offspring and cause personality disorders in these children who then grow up to become criminals and make society worse.
Yeah your theory doesnt hold up sorry.
Just imagine how much worse incels would be as parents, if even some chads are bad at it. It's been nice to see crime rates go down as incels have been more and more pushed out.
You're proving his theory right. Genetically unfit people have fewer kids.
yes, and a good tool while it lasts.
Nature doesn't give a fuck only that your group lives on. Imagine losing to those low IQ people lol.
this is more of a american/angloid problem
when my great grandmother died at the age of 92, my grandma moved to the village to look after my great grandfather
he died 5 years later at the age of 98
it's about the upbringing, you're not supposed to just make kids, you're supposed to look after them and care about them, they are your blood
It has always been very common for white parents to push their (more often, male) children out of the home as early as possible. That is how you end with the nursing homes industry thriving half a century later.
Well, my dad is the only one that actually invests time, money and work into taking Care of my dementia-ridden grandmother, so I guess this is accurate.
Nah, forget It.
All of her children ended up having to take care of her, one way or the other.
My dad is just the one that IS in charge of the whole operation.
Crime rates are not going down lol. Rape and child molestation is higher than ever. Robbery, carjackings and single motherhood are higher than ever. More attempted murder is being committed than ever before: doctors just manage to save more lives nowadays. But the murder rate still increases.
Right now they aren't going down. I'm saying they are down from the times when incels actually had more chances. Crime rates are pretty much the lowest they've ever been, just rising because of the recession.
Dumb people breed more since they lack control
Sounds like a first world problem kek. First worlders are less human than third worlders despite all the facade.
This is more of an American thing. In my country we don't put our grandparents in old homes.
i'm going to do to my kid what my mom did to me (except more severely). i'm going to coddle them so much they're entirely dependent on me, ruining their life but ensuring they stay attached to me in pathological dependence.
