I'm writing a book about doxxing, character assassinations, and privacy and human rights on the Internet.
People need to gain the right to wipe their online presence at any time they choose. Even Elon Musk should have the power to have all mention of him removed from Google search results. It should be a basic right.
Do you have any insight on these topics? Almost every time I try to discuss this topic online, the only thing everyone parrots some victim-blaming bullshit like
haha you got what you deserved if you got doxxed
ur own fault
top kek serves him right
I like to believe there are smart and empathetic people out there.
but what about my freedom to dox people
Do you have any insight on these topics?
Definitely not
This imagined freedom never existed in the first place because it's a crime at least where I live
shithole country, next time you're going to tell me that downloading files is crime too.
Criminals and pedos deserve privacy too
I'm serious. The Internet is not some kind of justice machine
interesting, how compelling, please face the wall.
Many people mistakenly think the Internet is some kind of justice machine where we doxx and character assassinate "evil" people.
The irony of social media justice is this:
"you fucking misogynist you got doxxed haha, serves you right!"
years go by
the doxxing victim is unemployed because the doxxing prevents him from getting jobs
"wait why arent you getting a job you misogynist? GET A JOB YOU LEECH!""
the doxxer is now angry because the victim lives a comfy life outside jobs
this actually never happens dough
I can imagine it though.
Some pedo cant get a job after being outed as a pedo on social media
Then the same guys screaming "get a job!" at him, not realizing that they just prevented him from getting a jobs
Because the "get a job" folks are usually the same kind of people who hate pedos
Many normies hate pedos + unemployed welfare rats
i wonder what inspired you to think this way 4chinner, go ahead, tell me more about the meat space.
act like a retard and attach your face and name to it
no guys stop making fun of me!
People doxed by KF are always doxed by information they make public themselves. Don't act like a brazen retard and you won't get doxed, and if you get doxed while not acting like a brazen retard then everyone is gonna make fun of the brazen retard that doxed you instead of you yourself
There's also the matter of controlling what people put on the internet being effectively impossible without extreme heavy-handed authoritarian measures
tldr don't post about fucking animals or whatever gross degenerate shit you're into on an account with your personal info tied to it
Just stop being an idiot online lmao!
doxing != targeted harassment
victim blaming 
Never a justified reaction to take, so your post is worthless. Move on.
defends Kiwifarms guys
Rofl they're mental women who like gossiping on their smartphones. Meanwhile I use the Internet to learn about physics
Just admit it Kiwi fags are feminine gossip girls
targeted harassment
Where? KF has a strict don't touch the poop rule and people that do are quickly found and bullied off the site
b-but they doxed keffals' hotel!
So? Tranny attention whore lies that he had to "go into hiding" because he "was in danger" but liveblogged his location at all times. Predictable result happened. These people harass themselves. You can't be a literal screaming lunatic in public and get mad that people stare or scream back
"""Victim"""
Animal and kid fuckers aren't victims. And besides, many cows don't have a dox because it's entirely unnecessary. Nobody is RATting computers or emailing them phishing links to dig through their private info. Every dox is information that the cows have flaunted themselves
Example:
pooplover9001 exists on twitter
he posts many selfies and unique pictures
pooplover9001 has a furaffinity account dedicated to his scat fetish
pooplover9001 not only uses the same handles, but often talks about the same personally identifying topics
And you say
you can't make a connection because you just can't, okay!
Do your research properly and see that Whitepages have been a thing for ages. Private information has never been private. Kiwifarms should exist, it serves a purpose. Its main purpose is talking about e-celebrities whatsoever, not doxxing.
People need to gain the right to wipe their online presence at any time they choose
How are you gonna enforce that? The government takes control over every data storage and networking equipment in existence? Couldnt possibly be more authoritarian than that.
Even Elon Musk should have the power to have all mention of him removed from Google search results. It should be a basic right.
Lol. Lmao even. This is just trying to reduce freedom of speech and the right to criticize others. Learn what a right is in the first place, OP.
You don't understand, I HAVE to be disgusting and volatile in the public eye and everyone should be FORCED to ignore or support me!
Even Elon Musk should have the power to have all mention of him removed from Google search results
I have doubts that that would even work.
Truly that is an essential human right now. Those damn chuds just wanna ruin human rights, it's disgusting.
OP has a thread on kiwifarms. Betting money on it
Either that or he's a tranny with a lot of skeletons in his closet
don't bother, they'll always just victim blame. they're legitimate sociopaths
I like to believe there are smart and empathetic people out there.
and you really thought they posted here? are you retarded?
I agree, but how do you propose something like this could possibly ever happen, I know it's the boomer line: "What you put on the internet is out there forever", but it is, is someone going to access my computer to delete my photos of Elon Musk?
I'm writing a book about doxxing
dont care. kill yourself, faggot.
I'm guessing there's a record of OP being a xespest and that he wants this record expunged so he can do xes to more kids
Anything you put on the internet stays there forever. This has held true for years. Any attempt to stop this notion will be circumvented. Trust me, people have tried.
You have the control to not be a fucking idiot and take two seconds before posting something that reveals personal information. It is not the responsibility of the platform, it is your responsibility. This should honestly be taught in schools, now more than ever.
NO NO IT'S NOT FAIR! THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD JUST CONTROL EVERYONE ELSE!
I want to be on your side because it's genuinely not fair how easy it is to dox people, but you guys only care about this shit to protect pedos and other scum, "victims" who try to cover up how they victimize others. I don't agree with doxing in general but there are some victims of it I feel less sympathy for than others.
I'm writing a book about doxxing
It's spelt "dox"
Schools stopped teaching it like 20 years ago. Weird how the internet became a corporate data mining operation immediately after that
There are more trannies buried underground than doxes buried in the sky.
