Have you ever considered that men and women are being conditioned to be arbitrarily at odds with eachother and that if we were to speak to the opposite sex without any external influences, from the heart, that, although we may be at odds with some members of the opposite sex, it'll almost never be as animalistic or brutal as we see it often on here?
It's a pipe dream, but if both men and women were to clear all social media, all entertainment without any particular agenda that doesnt go past making a profit, I genuinely think we would all be happier. We wouldn't have to defend ourselves because there would be very few people animalistically judging eachother virulently. The average person isn't wired to feel hate from the getgo.
Bumping because I think this is important to talk about
Gender wars are just like brother wars. Its all astroturfed bullshit aimed at destroying nuclear families and social cohesion. Usually by a guy named stein or woman called Silverman.
Up you go again, my child
Of course but people prefer to be angry at others all the time. Helps them cope and they stay distracted by meaningless bullshit
Sometimes I wonder if we consciously choose to deny our inner selves even when we are alone from learned fear. The learned idea that if we admit we were wrong or lost even to ourselves that we'd be not only weaker for it, but less reliable, even objectively worse. But I wouldnt know where we learned it or if its even true
Tell that to women. They started this shit.
STOP BLAMING WOMEN FOR SHIT!
MEN ARE JUST AS RESPONSIBLE FOR NOT STOPPING THEM!
do women really?
I actually don't mind gender war. Women are disgusting trash.
see a candle fall over and ignite a napkin
just stand there and watch...
the napkin fire spreads to the table
just stand there and watch...
the table fire spreads to the carpet
just stand there and watch...
the carpet ignites the rest of the furniture
just stand there and watch...
the furniture fire spreads to the rest of the house everything is on fire now
just stand there and watch...
Wtf??? Wheres my house???
Putting out a napkin that is on fire is no effort. Changing your life that is mostly predetermined by genetics and time + family you were born into is a lot of effort and doesn't really work. It is the same with getting a woman if you aren't a chad.
it is men in the past that did it. do you expect modern sexless men to fix things? how would they even fix stuff without rape camps?
You all are ignoring my point. It doesn't matter who started it, what matters is that we have to fix it together. 
See what we've discussed in over 1066 characters? Nothing. Taking responsibility or casting blame does nothing but make the divide worse. You can't win a war against an enemy that doesnt exist, and if you did win, it's a hollow victory, because you didn't do anything at all. You just wasted time. We need to focus less on why or how or who started it and change the mindset to what can we do to make people realize the damage that's been done
It is pretty convenient that women started it and now WE have to fix it. I have no incentive to fix anything cause I have no stakes in this world thanks to women shitting everything up. Women can fix this now. Except they can't cause there is no way they will enforce limits on themselves out of their own volition.
i love collective blame and selfishness.
you must be really successfull person anon.
Women taught me to be selfish through rejecting me again and again. I used to be a genuine nice guy who didn't even think about sex and just wanted to be loved.
omg youre such a nice guy
So does that include clown world dating market not being a thing because otherwise it sounds like "Hey bro just be a taxpaying citizen and deal with it" to me with a gaslight wrapper of "no gender war".
My personal experiences with irl men have been extremely negative. I was physically abused by men from as young as I can remember. As a result I am extremely wary of men, and carry a knife or gun with me at all times, and try to ignore and avoid interacting with men irl as much as possible. The internet is a safer space because no man can physically harm me, so the only time I interact with men is on here.
how did you get a gun
Quintessential uninitiated post. Most women aren't attracted to majority of men and see them as potential rapists. This fear isn't unfounded because they did a survey in a college and rape was the crime men wanted to commit the most if they could get away with it. Humanity like most animals is alphas hoarding all the women while beta attempt to rape and capture their mates trying to avoid alphas. No amount of blaming kikes or tinder will make force women to feel attraction to the average guy like they do for Chad and no amount of sexual education will change the rapey nature of men.
Purchased one legally of course, boomer sold his Taurus to me.
I thought we were meant to become more than just retarded animals.
We were succeeding if it weren't for the deconstruction of western society and most importantly religion.
Look at islam.
do you ever consider getting a partner that could protect you more than your gun or do you fear the risk/don't care anymore?
Made possible thanks to taxpaying citizens. Now gender war endangers its existence so gender war needs to stop. Gender war or more specifically women having their way wasn't a problem before.
wow we told you about this type of shit 20 years ago after the dot com bubble. you are digging your own graves so that tech companies can make money to make more tech companies. eat my ass.
I thought we were meant to become more than just retarded animals. 
You cant force attraction. It's not even appeal to nature you just cant lol.You must enslave women to the whims of men.
Exactly my point. Muslimas become your typical Western women when they realise their men don't have any power on them. Thats what happened during British occupation of Egypt and Afghanistan.
you can become more likeable to make attraction possible.
ever thought about that 4chinner? it's more likely that a revolution of some sort.
Chad can too but he doesn't even need to outcompete. Hookup culture gives no reason for women to interact with low tier men if they don't need emotional/financial support.
should have been born with good genes/rich. all that you can do now is self-improvement. laws of nature.
The cabal of bohemian grove attending influential &amp; rich pedophiles profit off mankind being at odds.
Ever since the Boycott Wallstreet protests journalists have greatly exaggerated the then-niche wars of race, gender &amp; politics.
Divide &amp; Conquer is what they're playing at, don't let them fool you. Love your brothers &amp; sisters, and fuck the NWO cabal.
Political alignment &amp; existence of their extremes that is.
But I geniunely mean it.
What you desire isn't inherently good for you.
Addiction is biological and yet, don't you think it's better to not be addicted to anything?
I never drink coffee or smoke tobacco, ever.
Isn't that a good thing?
Don't you remember the stereotype of men in the streets whstling at bimbo women being called "pervs"?
Women go for the bad guys who will obviously not stay around for the kids (and then get surprised when fewer and fewer "provider" males don't take the raw end of the stick)
Why can't people just.. think?
When I was a kid, I dreamed about true love and marriage, not about how many hot chicks I would bang.
Little girls used to dream about the nice gentleman marrying them and having children and building a family with them, not this "I'll fuck around in my 20s to find myself and then settle down" nonsense.
I still dream about true love.
When my friends tell me "damn look at that fat ass my nigga shit", I genuinely don't.
When I see a dumb bimbo with loads of makeup, I geniunely get a red flag feeling subconsciously.
I genuinely rate them low.
I genuinely prefer women without their makeup on.
Because I want the real deal, not some superficial and shallow beauty standard.
If I simply wanted to get a fix, I'd just go watch some porn and that's it.
I want true love and I want to work for it and I want to make it work.
Am I just a naive little kid still?
Do people really grow up to become this animalistic in instincts?
Am I a freak? I just don't understand this world, it feels like I wasn't made for it.
It's unironically true, men follow women.
other way around sorry
Why cant you just take a dick up your ass?
It doesnt matter you dont like it just do it.
Just go hook up with another incel.
You're just saying that. Bottom line is that if women simply stopped choosing to act immoral or sluttish then 90% of relationship problems would dissapear.
don't lose hope man, there are still marriable people somewhere. you don't have to become gay faggot!
I don't want women to just fuck me... I want to marry them.
So you want them to just... accept a life without sex ever again and become your volcel wife because... its the right thing to do or something?
Just go gay marry another incel.
Gay marrige is legal now everywhere.
gay love doesn't exist, they're all unloyal degenerates.
You're ultimatetly saying that womens sexuality has become so warped that only one in 100 men or so is good enough to attract her. Fuck that. That's not a standard but pure entitlement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6j3E5xseJA [Embed]
I never said there would be no sex, but it's just not all about that is it?
Are you just a dumb monkey, or are you a human being?
you sound so romantic, what are you doing on this bitter board?
Its not all there is to it but its one of the requirements.
A woman must be sexually attracted to her man or else the relationship just wont work.
do you actually believe this?
people were judging eachother since we became social animals, so forever
you think that if you took away one stupid tool, suddenly the entire human nature would change
this is not wishful thinking or idealism, this is outright retardness
I can't be on good terms of women because I just start thinking about how they're choosing to be with guys other than me and it makes me want to murder them. Like just beat them really badly until their brains bleed.
I've had sex and girlfriends before but I still can't help hate women when I think about them having sex with other guys.
I made the same thread some time ago and it got 2 replies. Even on r9k i am an outcast
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/72896044/#72896044
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn7bEVnFlds [Embed]
And besides, the stats of marriage stability versus partner count proves that this used to work.
Traditional marriage used to be good.
At least, people were happier in it, on average, I'm sure of it.
After an absurd amount of time spent on dating apps, I finally thought I got what I was looking for.
The girl kept saying I looked good, and I told her she looked good in return.
But I most importantly told her I liked her because of her morals and values.
She seemed like a genuinely good person, caring, loving and nurturing.
She said she never had a boyfriend.
We called almost everyday in the evening for basically 2 weeks. All was good and well until today, when I think I found out she was gaslighting me on certain aspects of the relationship.
Under the anxiety and depression, I either called her out on it or snapped and fucked everything up.
Eitherway I feel like I'm in the gutter, it's getting harder and harder to believe there are other women like me out there who don't trust their animalistic instincts first and foremost.
I feel like shit and I guess I'm kinda punishing myself.
First time posting and I do enjoy the conversation even when people are abrasive.
