Should I blow my brains out in front of my next college class robots?
Maybe the femoids will realize if they had spoken to me or acknowledged my existence, they wouldn't have had to watch a young man off himself in front of them.
Will probably just be remembered as the dude that blew his brains out in class.
If your goal here is to "teach them a lesson" by traumatizing them with your suicide then don't bother. We're the generation that grew up on the internet, they've seen 100000x worse and they also don't care about you lmao. You'll just be the talk of the campus for like 2 weeks and then they'll forget about you and it was all for nothing
large caliber. do it when some people arent paying attention, so that way they will always be wondering what happened when they werent looking
My thinking is I'm going to kill myself anyway. I'm well aware they don't give a fuck about me but I could imagine someone offing themselves in front of you would change your outlook a little bit. I don't care about traumatizing people. I just want to turn myself into a martyr and make my death mean something I guess.
.44 mag ought to do it
That'd be pretty cool I think
Yeah I thought it would be "cooler" to go out this way instead of a blaze of glory or dieing alone.
ronnie mcnutt style will have the biggest effect haha
That's my intention. Would love to be able to Livestream it and have my head explode like he did. "I guess that's it"
Get a hooker. Ffs. 99% of problems on this board can be solved by getting a hooker. You don't even have to fuck her just get her to jack you off.
I don't give a fuck about getting laid. I just want a relationship. I don't even need a gf. "Ffs 99.9% of my problems would be solved if someone gave me more then 5 minutes of attention." Tell me again how paying for a handy would solve all my problems
Do it OP please don't pussy out.
don't make other people suffer for your personal hatred. it's not the responsibility of strangers to cater to you; if you really seek salvation either accept you'll have to clean yourself up to get attention, or accept yourself as someone forever alone and make good enough grades to get a good job or something. network, do internships, lift unironically, etc. 
stop being a little bitch.
I won't fail you. Will make a thread when I'm going to do it. Gonna need a few weeks to get a gun.
Nice cope faggot
just want to turn myself into a martyr and make my death mean something I guess
Killing yourself doesn't make you a martyr. And these self-centered assholes aren't going to care either way. 
Live for spite.
Does anybody know how to live stream this shit. I want you fags to watch and do what >>73119283 said. My plan is I'm gonna buy a .44 magnum revolver. Easy to conceal then bang.
strong soul 
weak soul
nigger do NOT end your life for random faggots on /r9k/. call your favored parent and vent if you have to. surely you have at least one person who would care if you died, especially in such a shameful way
I recommend against putting all your self worth in female approval and attention
This plus they'll be glad OP is dead after fucking their hearing. If anything they'll regret not being able to kill him themselves.
Don't listen to this kike. Do it. Make the world suffer
They will think of you as a school shooter with a score of one.
The FBI has tracked your IP and is now en route to your location
That's no way to live anon. Why suffer for people I give 0 fucks about. 
I have a lot of people that will care. Been in and out of therapy for years. They all know I'm suicidal and have attempted before. They'll all get a note telling them it's not their fault and to not balme themselves ect. I know they won't believe it but I've been battling myself for years and I'm just done fighting. I hope they would understand even though they won't. I'm not doing it for you fags some of you will just enjoy it.
I'm worthless for a lot more reasons then I don't get female attention
Don't really care what they think. The only thing going through my head is going to be a bullet.
Gas all the kikes. Sieg Heil
Fbi won't do shit. People can think of me however they want I just have enough compassion left not to take out a bunch of people with me. I'd be shit school shooter anyways. That compassion doesn't extend to people watching me kill myself.
Still looking for an answer to this
try all avenues before you go down the last one
would you still kill yourself if you were muscular and healthy?
would you still kill yourself if you knew a useful skill that could make you money? (i've seen a lot of welders and programmers taking about how cool it is, also you can learn how to code at freeCodeCamp.org)
would you still kill yourself if you were the best version of yourself that you can be?
just think about it
I'm actually fit and healthy. I'm not ripped but Im not an obese whale. I get it considering the stereotype I'm also almost done with my associates in accounting. Another 3 years and I could be a CPA before I'm 30. I'm in my early 20s. None of that matters to me.
Should I blow my brains out in front of my next college class robots?
I don't think anybody should kill themselves but if you DO have to kill yourself, definitely do it in a way like this
At least if you're going out do so with a bang.
dont bro. i dont got any words of encouragement just don't do that cause its pussy shit on gang
If people don't care about you now, what makes you think they'll care about you after? Suicides happen daily yet society doesn't grind to a halt. You'll be gone and forgotten in a week, having changed nothing but made the janitor's day that more shitty. No one cares about you until you give them a real Reason to. No one cares about suicide
Maybe the femoids will realize if they had spoken to me or acknowledged my existence
as if they know or care about the reasons you unalive. the only way they could ever know is via a suicide note. best case scenario you traumatize the 10 girls in your class and they never recover, but also never learn the lesson you are trying to teach them. the other girls in the school will have le big sad and let chad thundercock console them. no one else will even know you existed or care why you turned yourself into a cloud of pink mist. all in all it's a waste of effort, but if you're legit a waste of oxygen, go for it.
Why don't you talk to girls instead and get a girlfriend?
If you want to hurt them you have to hit the one thing they care about, themselves
Brother, brother, brother, keep yourself up, don't kill yourself, cause fuck is dying gonna change?? Just keep living man, chug on and live on. You'll realise how inefficient and stupid you are after this once it all subsides and you drink water, take a shower and eat a meal.
You sound like a whiny cunt. Women don't want to talk to you because you're whiny &amp; entitled &amp; think you deserve their attention when you don't. Learn to love yourself before expecting others to do it for you. If you can't do that then kill yourself, faggot.
