Oh, hello there wagecuck. It's nice to see you again tonight. Shouldn't you be getting ready for bed? It IS close to your bedtime, after all. You don't want to go to work tired, do you? Of course, seeing as I'm a NEET, I can sleep and wake whenever I want. It truly is a paradise. My only problem is knowing how I will spend the rest of my night. I have a few ideas, hmmm... ah, well. I shan't disturb you any longer. Tick tock, wagie.
I wanna be a neet. I hate wageslaving. I hate my job. I hate my life
It's almost the weekend, wagie, rejoice! Just one more day and you get two whole days to kick back and relax. What is there to be down about?
I make 6 digits you subhuman neet. I work 4 10 hour work days and I get to work on my hobbies ( gardening and guitar). I get to enjoy making good homemade food and i can watch kino on my 70 inch tv. You sit at home in your mom's basement eating slop and jerking off. I may be an incel but I'm not a subhuman neet like you. What are your plans after your parents die and you have no money?
Doing what
Graphic design originally
I have to work Saturdays. Sunday and today are my days off
Sounds comfy
I feel for you wagie. Wageslaving isn't really living at all! I don't miss it, not one bit.
I get to do my hobbies too wagie, except you only get three days to do them while I get all seven days of the week. I get to do as I please and when I please to do so. Ah, if only you knew how comfy things could really be! But please, by all means, continue to work for Mr. Shekelstein. My NEETbux aren't going to make themselves you know. Another day another dollar!
I saved up my money from when I wageslaved for two years. That combined with the large inheritance I got plus the NEETbux I get from (You)r taxes, I'll never have to lift a finger for the rest of my life!
Seems like I made an error, first reply was meant for (You) bud
Fuck off loser. I've been able to travel a lot too and actually see new places. Something (you) can't do
Cope
I like my job because I'm self employed and it's something I love doing and would be doing anyways, only now I get paid for it. Makes me feel good that I basically make people happy for a living.
Honestly I've been both a NEET and have had a job. My current job is so comfy that it honestly doesn't bother me to work. It gives me something to do and provides me with money to spend on all the dumb stuff I like.
You say you are happy yet you harbor so much anger and aggression. Are you really satisfied in life? I could never find it in me to be so hostile to a fellow man.
holy shit, based. whats this? my body, its moving on its own! W-whats this? Im... im kneeling??!?!? IM GONNA KNEEEEEL
IM KNEEEELINNNGGGGGGG
Fucking lol I thought you would be a tradie. No way you're working even half that amount of time every day
What would that be
The most original cockslut.
I can travel too wagie, seeing new places is nothing special. The only difference is that wagies pay for my ticket. So in way, it's free. Thank you wageslave! 
Self-employed, you're thinking outside the box anon. I hope you thrive.
If it works for you wagie then so be it.
He must be stressed from his work. Not everyone can know just how comfy life can be!
Based
I have the best of both worlds. 35 hour weeks and good pay, but I do nothing all day at work except browse my phone, talking to my friends and working on personal projects and stuff. Super small and quiet workplace too, so my coworker and I usually just talk about DND, vidya, etc. And I make more money than I know what to do with, since I'm a naturally modest person. Very short commute too, I just bike to work. Pretty good gig tbqh
Is this the le code meme again
No clue what you're talking about desu, is this some zoomer thing?
Newfag
What's the jobb
Guilty as charged, cry about it
Music education. I help parents pick out band/orchestra instruments for their kids and then drive around occasionally to drop off instruments for high schools to hand out to the kids. Most days I have nothing to do though, so we just sit at our desks and chill. Sometimes we get someone coming in to buy clarinet reeds or something
Wtf so you're a boomer and a newfag for reals? Go back to facebook old man lmao
Damn that's sick. I wish I could mix or remaster albums cause I'd suck at teaching instruments. I just like recording
God I would do anything to be a NEET again.
Kill yourself retard I have a high paying job and hate every minute of it. Literally 8 hours of pure misery and boredom doing repetitive shit I hate. Die you slave rat fucker, I was depressed as a NEET too but this shit is insane.
Again kill yourself for normalizing this slave behavior and glorifying it, you actual rat.
somewhere in my life I took the wrong turn (or, morelikely, it was taken for me)
I wonder if there is a way to go back
having my own money is good though I suppose (what little money I get anyway)
I HATE WAGING I HATE IT FUCK
