Fuck Asuka
Who cares. Cartoons not gonna fuck you pedo
in the most literal sense Rei is an npc. she also definitely acts like an npc throughout the whole show. Asuka is a real girl who has real emotions. she is also hotter
Rei literally has no personality
Its cause she thinks and is intrinsic in nature. Normies only seek the extrinsic. How a person reacts to stimuli, that is how they define a person in complete form
Rei literally does all of Gendos apart from during EoE. She has no hobbies, no interests, no personality because she is a fucked up science experiment schizoid. Her existence is as a tool for NERV. The writers even forgot about what to do with her, which is why she has so little a role in the middle of the show. It was supposed to show how the submissive kuudere ideal Japanese housewife is actually a boring vacuous person, whose mental processes involve the most basic existential questions. Of course this message went way over the heads of the otakus.
Asuka is a normalfag, but Rei is a literal NPC
She has no hobbies, no interests, no personality
Pretty sure she reads regularly
Fuck Asuka
anon I've wanted to fuck Asuka for a long time
The only book I remember seeing her read was a textbook in episode 9. She is commanded to get passing grades so she reads textbooks.
She has books in her room
kek, no 
Everything in your picrel only applies to her pre depression 
The whole thing with asuka is that she really wants to be an NPC but just can't 
End of eva literally gives her the choice to join the mass and she decides not to
This doesn't make Rei an npc either though
Their characters have a clear symmetry with Ritsuko and Misato (you know which is which based on who they have a crush on) 
Neither Ritsuko or Misato are normies no matter how hard they try to be 
Misato uses her loud mouth to try and hide just how sad and insecure she is whilst Ritsuko doesn't with endless moral panic, inner monologue and science 
Both of them are copes, accept it
probably NPC books like twilight
Forgot to add that I also believe that Ritsuko is best girl and anyone who thinks otherwise should die
btw, ive been seeing rei vs asuka threads since like 2005 or something. this shit was always on 4chan, even on /b/, back then. i swear to god, this debate is perhaps the longest debate 4chan has had. its why i even watched eva in 2009, because so many people wouldnt shut the fuck up about it
and rei wins without fucking question
asuka is SHIT
asuka is absolute garbage, i hate that worthless bpd normie whore
rei is far and away the best girl
people who like asuka are nasty normie femdom-liking cuckolds and simps
rei is, without a doubt, best girl
lemme just check those numbers pls
the Rei you like exists only in your head. In reality she`s a souless shit
rei is, without a doubt, best girl
kek, lies 
best girl is Ritsuko and if we include males then it's kawarou closely followed by shinji himself 
You've deluded yourself into believing that rei is best girl by limiting your options to the two main camps that you see in the debates
Well, misato is actually the best so
Rei dies and turns into fanta and Asuka gets a husband and lives happily ever after.
Proof being a NPC is a good thing.
Rei you like exists only in your head
As if that isn't the case with majority if not all of love men feel for women.
brutal blackpill but also that doesn't really add much to the discussion at hand so kys 
Rei bites the dust
Science girl is best girl
I'm more of a Misato lover
The point of the show is that despite our imperfections, it makes us who we are. But because of that, the producers made the flaws of the characters very overexaggerated. There is no best girl, they're all shit. Go watch a better anime
loud, pedo girl is best girl 
I'm more of a Ritsuko lover 
Making shit up then using it to discredit one of the only good anime ever
Just die
I used to love asuka now I hate all bpd girls even 2d ones
This meme only makes sense because we never got to see what made Asuka reject Instrumentality. We only saw what happened to Shinji, her character was missing a lot of context.
least retarded reifag
Common neurotypical W
ep 26
while in instrumentality shinji dreams of an idealized perfect childhood
asuka is still herself 
rei's personality completely changes, she acts like asuka 
Rei sisters...
Since you continue to insist
Ritsuko
post wall short haired hag who works a soulless corporate job and who most likely is some boss's disposeable onahole
this is best girl
yeah, no
who most likely
It's canon that she's one of Gendo's side hoes.
Do women even think? I don't think they have the capability to self-reflect without the influence of others. it's a nice fantasy but it doesn't exist IMO.
They can only use their intelligence to manipulate men.
They can only use their intelligence to manipulate men.
Manipulation is... LE BAD
That's not how it works. Women gain outside influence from others and apply it to their relationships and life. It's other men that manipulate - not the woman. 
You need to make it clear that she cannot have male friends or actively have conversations with them from the beginning. Then you can work from there.
That's not how it works. Women gain outside influence from others and apply it to their relationships and life. It's other men that manipulate - not the woman.
MANIPULATION IS...
LE BAD
not wanting to be manipulated is heckin slave morality 
just roll over and die whenever someone physiologically or physically dominates you or else you're a weak bitch
WARNING, THIS POST IS GOING TO E A LITTLE LONG. IF YOU ARE AN ADHD RIDDLED ZOOMER AND SOMEHOW CANNOT JUST LOOK STRAIGHT AT YOUR SCREEN FOR LONG PERIODS OF TIME THEN WE ADVISE THAT YOU DO NOT PARTAKE IN THIS POST. VIEWER DISCRETION IS ADVISED 
Ritsuko 
Be Misato but smarter and as observant as Rei
have shitty side whore mom 
mindfucked,mp4 
grow up and you inflate the value of sex in your head (with a specific man, so she's literally better than most femcels) 
Just like Rei and your mom you confuse the enthusiasm that gendo has for getting Yui back with love 
getshiton.mp4 
near the end you realize what is happening whilst facing down the man that you now know is indifferent to you and a younger version of yourself that you are looking to overcome
life isn't an anime so you get shot and fucking die
To this day Ritsuko is the only "femcel" to make it
Ritsuko covers the basis of all 3 eva chicks (it just wasn't explored well in the show) 
Sexy bod that is at the cusp of milfmaxxing and has cool interests
She is literally both my and your dream girl, only ruined by the fact that her mom was a dirty whore 
She's a metal bitch (literally Balalaika from black lagoon but cooler) I think it would be best if you realized this
True, but I'm not into bleached hair.
Only fair argument against Ritsuko ever 
If her mom's hair was naturally red then she really missed out on what must be one of the rarest jap hair colours
