Okay, now that we agree most guys want hot, beautiful or cute girls we can get that away out of the way
The point is 99% of guys will/would SETTLE for ~90% of women, while 99% of women will only want to settle for ~20% of men
They don't get that top 20% so the rest settle for the next 15-20% of men, leaving 55-65% of average looking men that have to make their standards so low 
that if women had to do the same they would kill themselves
We are the less shallow sex/gender
We lower our standards and settle more than women. I should know most of my friends have married fat obese women or have obese girlfriends while they're fit or average weight
But this doesn't add up. Who are 55-65% of men ending up with? 
overweight or obese, very ugly or disgusting women
What about the rest of women since only 35-40% of them are with the top tiers of men?
they are the ones I answered in the last question
So average looking guys get with below average looking and or fat women?
yes, they make the bulk of the 55-65% percent of those men
Since men and women have different tastes: I'll leave the template here
Here's a few suggestions:
Dominant woman
Manic Pixie girl
Scene girl
Emo girl
Goth girl
Alt girl
Art hoe girl
High IQ girl
Dumb blonde girl
Dumb/Stupid girl
very long haired girl
long haird girl
medium length haired girl
short haired girl
very short haired girl
trimmed or shaved haired girl
blonde girl
brunette girl
jet black haired girl
red head girl
blue eyed girl
green eyed girl
hazel eyed girl
gray eyed girl
amber eyed girl
light brown eyed girl
brown eyed girl
black eyed girl
boobs bigger than F cup girl
Double F cup girl
Double E cup girl
Double D cup girl
Double C cup girl
Double B cup girl
Double A cup girl 
flat chested girl
big ass girls
thicc ass girls
round ass girls
firm ass girls
small ass girls
no ass girls
Demoralization psyop post.
Listen to some tunes or make some memes or something. Have some fun.
How do settling makes you less shallow? It just means you are desperate and pussy obsessed.
Both modes of attraction are entirely primal, women select quality, while men select quantity.
no, being obsessed with the top 1% isn't wanting quality, it's being shallow.
female standards are a lot more insidious than male ones. if you read male smut it's all physical and they learn to deal with their personality, whereas women demand specific a personality, career and body. that has nothing to do with real romance, not even with the top 1%.
Nah, not all guys want hot, sexy, or cute girls. I for one am a fan of ugly girls. Not fat girls mind you, ugly girls. Give a girl with big buck teeth and bad skin and I'm happy.
Your idea of an ugly girl is still the top 5% of women. Most women are simply invisible and too ugly for men to be attracted
This is the truest post I've seen in months.
Everyone wants Chad and Stacy but since society is gynocentric now that the matriarchy is running things,
Only women are able to be shallow.
Female sexual selection criteria arose out of evolutionary necessity. Women needed tall strong men with good jaws and large frames who could fight, defend and protect and provide for them. Popular, rich, charming men had more connections, resources and influence over the tribe, which also appeals to womens survival instinct for both themselves and their kids. Shacking up with a weak unpopular short beta male meant you were more likely to be raped and killed when an enemy tribe came along and raided your village. 
Male sexual selection is a crapshoot because men do not have any long term investment in relationships: their goal is to sow their seed then leave.
