Thread for discusions about self harm and mutual support.
Helloo :D 
How are you doing today?
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
Any plans for today?
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
When was the last time you hurt yourself?
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
Why did you hurt yourself?
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
Is there anything bothering you right now?
Some useful links for anyone who might need them:
A long list of self harm alternatives (thank you muddy):
https://imgur.io/a/7Q2zgw7
first aid post cuting:
https://www.lifesigns.org.uk/first-aid-for-self-injury-and-self-harm/
wound care guide:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CsvJs8qNCVkHWHKekMSmCn6qn0GBEcgnq9fIqlA6Uv0/mobilebasic
bpd workbook:
https://d-pdf.com/book/1781/read
workbook intended for BPD but can work for anyone:
https://www.pdfdrive.com/the-dialectical-behavior-therapy-skills-workbook-e187098535.html
Stop cutting yourself, retard dumbfuck
hello hello, everyone! and a hearty "hiep, hiep, hoera!" to sludge. hope you have a nice koningsdag.
hiep, hiep, hoera!! \o/ 
and hello yuanon, how do you do?
I have this screwdriver on my desk and I keep getting thoughts of sticking it into my eye. Thought it was kinda on topic so might bump the thread. It's been there for like two weeks and I keep getting those thoughts, guess I'll stash it out of sight where it belongs.
Is there a reason why you want to stick something in your eye? 
good, keep on fighting the urge anon
Any other self punchers in this thread?
too pussy to cut but I'm pretty sure I've damaged my brain with repeated strikes to the temples and back of the head for minutes on end
I think this is pretty stupid advice, but...
want to cut self
hey, catbro! i'm good. cold and tired, but good. i think i'll take a long, hot shower later. what about you? 
think I deserve pain
hey, catbro! i'm good. cold and tired, but good. i think i'll take a long, hot shower later. what about you? 
not doing/resisting is torturous
hey, catbro! i'm good. cold and tired, but good. i think i'll take a long, hot shower later. what about you? 
...maybe not doing it can be my self harm?
hey, catbro! i'm good. cold and tired, but good. i think i'll take a long, hot shower later. what about you? 
I can self harm by not self harming?
hey, catbro! i'm good. cold and tired, but good. i think i'll take a long, hot shower later. what about you? 
Bongo Bong and Je Ne T'aime Plus
i'd heavily advice against it. that would be quite the debilitating injury. 
that would be for the best. do you know where these thoughts are coming from?
Bongo Bong and Je Ne T'aime Plus
how did that get copied in there... 
I have this screwdriver on my desk and I keep getting thoughts of sticking it into my eye.
is what i wanted to quote... well. it's a good song. 
repeated concussions are no joke and can lead to dementia and cte down the road. be careful, anon.
Acquiring such debilitating injury would mean I'd have to finish myself off, which I am not really opposed to depending on the day I guess, it's like an open invitation to suicide. It wasn't a strong thought but it kept occurring, thanks for asking, I guess.
I thought the whole point of punching is to not leave serious marks/injuries. If you somehow manage to injure yourself you'll PERMANENTLY feel it tho, for a long while at least, so you should be good? If you can't help yourself consider drinking lot's of milk to prevent micro fractures and unnecessary fractures in general, just a tip I guess.
Aha, it's a fine piece.
cold and tired
I understand tired but why are you cold?
is it because of the weather? here in Poland it's quite warm today
Enjoy your relaxing warm shower later, I'm sure it'll make you feel a little better 
what about you?
A little tired but nice and warm
Today has been a little frustrating 
I had to wake up early to go to uni so I slept for only 5 hours and when I got there I learned that my classes were called off but for some reason I didn't get emailed about it >:l
But it's fine, I'm not even very tired although I'm sure a wave of sleepy will hit me when I least expect it 
well, I see
why do you think about ending your life?
It wasn't a strong
that's good, hope it doesn't get any worse 
no probs^^
It's simply boring, I lost the ability to pretty much enjoy anything, as well as to properly feel, can easily sleep for up to 15 hours because I can't think of anything better to do.
But the main reason probably being the fact I don't believe I'll amount to anything anymore, nor do I feel the need to. The little things I wanted I had multiple chances to obtain yet either failed or pussied out of, I no longer feel the need nor desire to pursue them. Think I am missing the crucial bits that make human a human, and I have zero desire to change it kek.
As to why I am writing this well, just for you to keep in mind I guess, maybe to fill up your 'reasons why ppl want to kill themselves' mental query.
I understand tired but why are you cold?
weather here is still a bit swingy. it's sunny but chilly today.
is it because of the weather? 
kinda. the shop's doors are always open because we have a lot of elderly customers with walking aids. i don't feel it while working, but when i come home i just can't get warm for quite some time, not matter what i do. 
Enjoy your relaxing warm shower later, I'm sure it'll make you feel a little better
thanks. it'll help. 
A little tired but nice and warm
that's the best combination for a good sleep. 
I had to wake up early to go to uni so I slept for only 5 hours and when I got there I learned that my classes were called off but for some reason I didn't get emailed about it >:l
that *is* frustrating... have you done anything else with your unvoluntary free time? 
But it's fine, I'm not even very tired although I'm sure a wave of sleepy will hit me when I least expect it
hope it'll hit you when your cuddled up and cozy in your bed. 
i'm pretty much the same as you. i try to live day by day and to have some fun here and there. the long periods of sleep sound like depression to me. could spend whole days in bed during my worst episodes. 
you can always come and tell us what's on your mind. you don't need a reason.
the shop's doors are always open
hm I see, maybe you should invest in a heated blanket, they're probably not as good as a warm shower but you can use it whenever you want and you don't have to get wet 
i come home i just can't get warm for quite some time, not matter what i do.
hm I see, maybe you should invest in a heated blanket, they're probably not as good as a warm shower but you can use it whenever you want and you don't have to get wet 
have you done anything else with your unvoluntary free time?
right now I kinda don't know what to do with myself, I don't wanna play anything so I'm just watching random videos in hopes that I find something fun
yeah I hope so too, I'm planning to go to sleep a little earlier today at around 11pm because I gotta wake up at 6am again tomorrow
hm I see, maybe you should invest in a heated blanket, they're probably not as good as a warm shower
that might be a good idea. i know that those long and hot showers aren't healthy and they dry out the skin pretty bad, but i just have a need for them. i heard that people who lack emotional warmth use them as a substitute. go figure... 
and you don't have to get wet
i don't really mind. i just sit there with a washcloth over my face and let the hot water wash over me, thinking about stuff.
right now I kinda don't know what to do with myself
i'm watching an anime. don't know if i like it. kinda gives me the creeps. 
I'm just watching random videos in hopes that I find something fun
there's just so much content out there, i sometimes don't know what to watch or read anymore. and most of it is just plain bad and a distraction until something actually good come along. i think i asked you before: do you have any kind of genre you like, when it comes series and movies? you've watched lotr, but what other media did you enjoy? 
dreadful. i'm just glad i can sleep in. what do you have to do tomorrow?
i heard that people who lack emotional warmth use them as a substitute. go figure...
I like warm shower too but I don't think it's because of that, I think that emotional warmth thing is just a romantic? sentimenal? (I don't know the right word), like it's not real, it just sounds poetic
let the hot water wash over me, thinking about stuff.
I've heard about shower thoughts but personality I never had them
but I like thinking about stuff while in bed and as I fall more and more asleep my thoughts get more abstract and random
Do you wanna share some of your shower thoughts? 
kinda gives me the creeps.
ooo which anime? I like scary stuff 
do you have any kind of genre you like, when it comes series and movies?
honestly I don't know, I don't watch a lot of movies and I don't think I have a preference, the only genre I don't really like it superhero stuff and comedy movies although some of them are so bad they're good
dreadful
it is 
I only have one class tomorrow, it's programming, I honestly feel like I'm wasting my time having to wake up early and drive there just for one class but you gotta do what you gotta do 
btw sorry for taking so long to answer but I've found something semi-interesting to watch
It's some Vtuber playing Half-life 2
Hello sludge
hey 
hey, sludge
hey 
I'll contribute some music too
banging
btw how're you feeling today?
yesterday. like im stuck in a pit and am too weak to climb out, everyone keeps feeding me expectations and the best i can do is maybe not end myself, nothing ever changes things happen but everything stays stuck never progressing mentaly or in life, everyday is ultimately the same, its so tiring, i wish i didnt have to deal with being alive
today, i realize the above, and i feel nothing stoic and unable to care or give it much thought, i dont think i feel the same emotions as everybody else is feeling, i realy only feel anger and a sinking pain in my chest and thats only sometimes, 
rn, feel vaguely positive, looking forward to tommorow
"hiep, hiep, hoera!" to sludge. hope you have a nice koningsdag.
haha thanks, i never really celilbrated it but the people go wild here 
to return it, how where you guys days?
what have you guys been doing to pass the time?
hiep, hiep, hoera!! \o/
haha thanks, i never really celilbrated it but the people go wild here 
to return it, how where you guys days?
what have you guys been doing to pass the time?
forgot to ask you: when it comes to 40k, whose lore videos do you watch
bricky, and only war
orks and the chaos space marines of khorne, they look cool
i leave tommorow so ill be abcent for a while
i sometimes feel like i only take, in these threads, only talk about myself, egotistical
i really do care about you guys
I've read somewhere that when u cut yourself bleeding (not specifically only in a self harm sense, but also when u just accidentally do it or even if u just fall and breach your skin and bleed). 
The specific cocktail of hormones that gets released to make you not hurt so much etc...is the same as when your mother hugs you (specifically mother iirc) and that people that cut themselves have often had a lack of physical affection from their moms as children. 
Thoughts?
what copium are you breathing, i want some too
bump
Hii, I'm gonna respond to you guys soon but first I wanna make me some food 
I'm gonna make bread with cheese and some ham and grill it on a pan
Ok so I looked it up and cutting and selfharm releases the endorphins, one of them being 'oxytocin' (source, psychology today). 
Oxytocin being the 'love' chemical that you get from skin-to-skin contact especially with loved ones. 
I think Dr. Gabor Mate who is an expert on addiction treatment and childhood trauma has some talks on it too. I think last year sometime he might've even been on JRE.
like it's not real, it just sounds poetic
there's a study on the subject, but, again, it's just something i heard. never looked into it very much.
https://psycnet.apa.org/doiLanding?doi=10.1037%2Fa0023527
Do you wanna share some of your shower thoughts?
if i read something in this thread, i think about a reply, otherwise it's just a lot of self-deprecating crap. don't know if i want to go into to much detail.
ooo which anime? I like scary stuff
kemono jihen. it has some gore and bodyhorror, but i just get a weird vibe from the show. i think it's servicing certain crowds but in a very underhanded way, which i don't appreciate. if you want to do that, be open about it. maybe that's just me though and i'm overthinking it, as always. i'll keep my eyes open for some horror stuff.
the only genre I don't really like it superhero stuff and comedy movies although some of them are so bad they're good
i get what you mean. super hero and comedy are the bottom of the barrel when it comes to mass-produced, easy-to-digest mainstream-media-sludge that is shoveled into culture these days. can't have genuine emotion in media anymore. everything has to be bookended with an sarcastic or cynical quip to "lessen the blow". 
but you gotta do what you gotta do
that's the spirit!
btw sorry for taking so long to answer but I've found something semi-interesting to watch It's some Vtuber playing Half-life 2
all good. takes me a lot of time as well. who is it?
hello again, sludge.
rn, feel vaguely positive, looking forward to tommorow
i think it's best to stay in the moment and not to dwell on past emotions. if you're feeling good now, enjoy it. 
not that much, honestly. working, eating, being in this thread with something to listen to in the background. i'll meet up with some friends on saturday. looking forward to that.
Great image choice for the thread, OP. Hooni looks filled with a joyous whimsy (:
guess I'll stash it out of sight where it belongs.
Good idea, anon. You wouldn't be able to read these threads as easily.. take care.
I lost the ability... to properly feel
I can relate to all of these to a degree.. however, after I sleep for ten hours, I start to feel like trash, so I try to wake up earlier. AS to you believing you won't amount to anything, why is that? Is there anything you do that gives you a goal to move forward? Take it easy.
can easily sleep for up to 15 hours
I can relate to all of these to a degree.. however, after I sleep for ten hours, I start to feel like trash, so I try to wake up earlier. AS to you believing you won't amount to anything, why is that? Is there anything you do that gives you a goal to move forward? Take it easy.
I don't believe I'll amount to anything anymore
I can relate to all of these to a degree.. however, after I sleep for ten hours, I start to feel like trash, so I try to wake up earlier. AS to you believing you won't amount to anything, why is that? Is there anything you do that gives you a goal to move forward? Take it easy.
No worries, sludge. We all talk about ourselves to some degree. I feel like talking about yourself is an important aspect of these threads, it gives a sense of comradery between the participants. Thank you for your participation, sludge, and have a good day (:
Also, I have a music suggestion, the band called Melvins. Sludge rock group from the late 80's that are still active today. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BfOEhAutJg [Embed]
Been feeling okay, just going through the motions of a schoolwork-filled week. Over the summer, I really need to advance the hobbies I have. I need to get more drawing materials, as well as some musical instrument I can move around, hopefully an electronic drumset or a keyboard. Thoughts for the future. I hope you all are doing well, and a good thread as always. (:
