day 7125 of not cuddling with a foid.
For me, it's 7071
For me, its 4
Can't wait for my gf to come over again
both you and op are still somewhat young. go out and do something. dont waste your time in this shithole
For me it's 0 I hung out with my gf last night.
Whats a young lad to do in a city filled with old people, young people that dont socialize outside of their friend groups, young people that generally dont even do much in general, a city where most things you can do always cost money, and also a city where everything is conmected by like 2 highways and I have no car or license
Come back when you hit 9k.
Just go get a shower a haircut and go outside and be confident.
Stop thinking just get off this website and just go walk up to women to talk to them and get arrested for harrasment and then you can get all the hugging and sex you want from Tyrone!!! :)
Hope that helps.
Is that you cat anon?
it's all so tiring
They want cuddles.
Just not from you.
Uhhh, get a license? Then get a motorcycle license and a motorcycle. You're welcome.
I know too many people that have died in motorcycle accidents, plus everyone here drives like a fucking retard. Working on my license though, as if that'll change anything
you mean the women resenting one?
They were probably being retards. Most fatal crashes are because of the rider lol just don't get a crotch rocket and you'll be fine those are the ones that get splattered all over the highway. But good get your license. If you live in US suburbs you cannot have any type of life without a vehicle.
Not that i'll suddenly get one if I have a vehicle
You shouldn't even be allowed to post on this site if you're not like 25. And by then you should know better than to post on here
start skateboarding. maybe youll get hit by a truck, mayb youll make some friends. also get a license, and fuck off this city. sooner or later your parents will kick you out, or theyll die. start getting ready for that, the sooner the better. alternatively learn to shoplift and bushcraft, wait till youre homeless and then get all the homeless junkie pussy you want.
