I really feel like I'm coming to hate it. Every time I've had to interact with the system, it's led to a greater and greater erosion of my trust in it.
Had surgery for swollen veins as a kid. Either the radiologist identified the wrong ones, or the surgeon cut the wrong ones, because there was never any change. All the at happened was my parents spent a lot of money, and I got the most painful experience in my life.
Had a bad allergic reaction. Campus medical staff were actually helpful, but in the hospital, they just shoved me in a room for 3 hours and didn't talk to me again until they said I could go. Meanwhile they just gossiped at the nurses station for 2 hours, and dithered for an hour on whether or not to call some diagnostician after he'd gone home.
Went to a GI for digestive issues and pain. Got told I was a hypochondriac. Basic lab tests showed I had celiac.
I'm in college now, and it seems like every pre-med person is either chasing money, prestige, or mommy and daddy's approval. No one actually cares about others as fucking people. 50% of doctors are either wildly incompetent and/or arrogant, and nothing about that seems to be changing. I really don't see how this system lasts.
No one actually cares about others as fucking people.
You're not so good yourself, big guy. People aren't just for fucking
i agree, i had a kidney stone removed. while i was waiting for the doctor i just listened to the nurses. a boyfriend got drunk in front of the kids, said he can't be doing that.
when i was at a hospital in my room i just eavesdropped on what the nurses and cna were talking about.
Have complex medical condition that doctors can't magically make go away 
Le stupid doctors 
Come on man take it easy they're tryna help 
Hospital stuff
Yeah I do agree those nurses and frat boy doctors faggots are assholes but believe me , most doctors are overworked to hell , no tiktok dancing for most.
Hypochondriac
I don't think it's right for any MD to toss around the C word at patients but gut pain and digestive issues are super unspecific , don't expect anyone to diagnose you with celiac just based on that unless I misunderstood that last part
