Part 2 Overpouring mommy love
OP masseur seems to be kinda busy, but momlove needs to go on.
Now that we actually got 3 mombros (gothmom-anon, errands-anon &amp; cuddle-anon) providing almost real-time updates, why wait for Monday...
Part I highlights:
Finnanon is now joined in the "real-time success" Hall of Fame by
Gothmom-anon:
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73082121
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73082743
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73083223
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73083748
and and errands-bro (going all the way episode upcoming shortly, hopefully):
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73080655
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73092204
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73103002
In other order of ideas
Prudemom-anon (aka peachyassmom-anon) joined in, hope he sticks around
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73099760
Cuddle-anon making solid cuddling progress
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73096855
Auntfem-anon engaging in advanced fantasies
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73081724
..and getting funny thoughts
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066/#q73083958
Someone should usurp these threads as /csg/ - CHADSON general
A strong love for mom can turn a betason into a chadson though
Given the introduction of AI capabilities, more momfrens are encouraged to share pics by utilizing AI Mirror app. It would enhance the investment in your story.
We'll see if there's enough activity for a second thread. Forcing a thread to be up constantly isn't a good idea but the last two weeks we have had a lot of posts so maybe we can sustain it without bumping it all the time.
Yes, I was a bit reluctant to make it, but it was sps'd to be errands-anon's big night last night, I just can't help it. 
Maybe we can keep it up for another day or two...
Is pic rel your AI'd mommy, op??
but the last two weeks we have had a lot of posts
Goth bro's saga sure made for some historical threads...
@errands-anon
@gothmom-anon
We're back, bros.... Let's hear it
bro where tf did the thread go this whole week i couldn't find it anywhere
Guess which one is mine then.
It was up on Monday, as usual
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066
REEEEEEEEE 
i missed out
I'd be happy with either. Goddamn.
I'm more inclined towrds the thiccness of the right one.. 
But the bustiness on the left... and face suggest she's cute... Fuck, hard choice bro. Which one is it?
Go to Filters, add "momcest" and click on the Top box, so you never miss it
Right. Left is just a friend of the family.
i can't find the filters button bros 
i have already lost before the battle has begun
Dang, look at those melons... and hourglass figure , and mombod. You're one lucky son, momfren. 
Are you one of the regulars?
&lt;It's right there, anon
i am using 4chanX bros, 
no filter button is present
I don't know if I'd call myself a regular but I've posted about her here before.
That's one short party dress your mom's wearing, bro...
but I've posted about her here before.
Please refresh memory, cuz now you got me real interested... wow
Betason belongs in the cuck chair while mom gets superior CHADSON cock.
The question should've been "guess which one I banged"...
She's quite the show off.
Wasn't a part of my life till I was a teen, lived together with her for a while in high school. Used to be very close when we lived together, going swimming and what not. Now twice divorced and in a dead end relationship with a nice guy but she'd be better off with me. Rarely see her since I work away for the majority of the year but God do I miss her.
Rarely see her since I work away for the majority of the year
Fuck... was hoping you're one of the more prospective mombros... 
You should keep her in your sex dungeon and impregnate at will.
hate that the ai won't work on my phone
I wanna post my brown mom for anons
going swimming and what not
Must've seen quite alot of her then... and busted about 10000 nuts
Trust me I've thought about it. She told me her retirement plan is to live on a farm with me. I have to work to make that happen.
You have no idea.
I'm restless now, anon...
She's a literal stacy mommy in her prime and you should be the one enjoying the perks.
We must help you make her your mommywife asap.
Wasn't a part of my life till I was a teen
Was that the reason you started lusting for her? Seeing as a hot woman and less as "mom"? Share some background pls..
Anything inappropriate or questionable ever happened between you, stacymom-anon?
I've already booked a few jobs closer to home during the summer which will let me see her more regularly. Other than that and calling her more frequently I'm not sure what else I can do.
Pretty much. My grandmother was the primary caregiver growing up so I never really went without a mother figure. So when she came back there was no emotional role for her to fulfill.
We've always been pretty open about sharing baths and hot tubs. When I visited her last summer she had bought an inflatable tub which we sat in together when I got home from work.
when she came back there was no emotional role for her
I hope you realize that's most likely mutual. 
She sees you less as a son and more as a young man at her disposal.............
Those tits are insane btw.
she had bought an inflatable tub which we sat in together
Were you ogling her tidds while she was pretending to not notice?
They are. I don't know about that. Despite her not being there for me as a child she tried her best after coming back. If she ever tried to use me like that she just end up getting used in kind though.
100%. We were probably just chatting about work and admiring the scenery where we live.
She's unironically still wearing chokers? Imagine the sex...
@errands bro, I know it's a bit hard to process what's happened last night, but whenever you're ready...
she tried her best after coming back
That doesn't exclude the other. She can act like the best mom ever, but that still won't build the natural bond out of the blue. 
she ever tried to use me like that 
It's not about trying to use you, just that she might be less.... resistant to your attempts once you get to that.
I do imagine. She's in her late 40s but she definitely doesn't dress or act like it.
once you get to that
It might take a while with me working away so don't expect any progress updates anytime soon. I just wanted to show her off.
She's in her late 40s
Oh, I was expecting early 40s from the pics kek.
But that would mean you've pretty much decided to dedicate your life to her? Make her yours in her 50s?
That's the dream. If I ever wanted kids with her the clock is ticking awfully close to midnight.
Stacymom-bro, appreciate you showing her off. She's a 10/10 and a fun party animal. 
Hope we get some encouraging updates from you in the near future.
I'm glad you guys have been liking my updates. It's encouraging honestly and given me a lot of courage to keep pushing things. I'm going on a little mommy date tonight to a restaurant so wish me luck.
As for the meeting at the aunts. It was difficult to do anything because we had the family there but we were quick and there was a couple of things of note.
A good feel
once we'd all been talking in the front room and had coffee my mom offered to make some more and bring snacks
offer to help her carry everything
while mom makes coffee and everyone is still in the front room. Felt her ass through her leggings and got my fingers between the cheek and circled
she looked over her shoulder and we had a quick kiss
Quick service
kept looking at mom's ass and making it obvious to her
she looks at the ground motioning with her eyes
makes the excuse to go get some sodas for everyone from the basement
go and join her to "help"
she quickly pushes me in the downstairs washroom and pulls down my pants
gets me hard and starts jerking full speed immediately 
get close within 2 minutes and start cumming in the sink
finished cumming but she is still jerking fast. I remember seeing it had splattered on her hand
she says "come on all of it" squeezed tight and got the last drops out
told me to go grab the soda while she cleans up.
Once the day was done we hugged kissed on the cheek (family could see us) and she said she'll see me tomorrow. I booked us a nice date at a fancy restaurant tonight so I told her to dress nice. Thanks for mcg part 2 guys.
she says "come on all of it" squeezed tight and got the last drops out
Fucking hell man.
Where are the questions of the week?
In Part 1's OP I'd assume. Pretty sure it was something about receiving pictures off your mother.
Here's part I, forgot to link in first post
https://desuarchive.org/r9k/thread/73079066
going on a little mommy date tonight to a restaurant so wish me luck.
Good luck gothmom bro. 
It's important to build that romantic bond if she's to get into being your mommywife mindset. So look beyond just the sex. 
And thanks for the updates. You've shown a lot of mombros just what is possible and provided some much needed hope.
offer to help her carry everything
go and join her to "help"
Don't go offering to help everytime she leaves somewhere during meetings, or someone will start noticing, I assure you.
she says "come on all of it" squeezed tight and got the last drops out
Tfw no relentless mommy demanding ALL the cum..
Keep in touch with her and always remind her you love and miss her, anon. Her knowing she's on your mind a lot helps your goal.
Mommies in stockings are hot as fuck
Just messaged to tell her exactly that. She says she loves me too. Feels good. At this point I'm considering sending her pictures of myself to let her know how I'm doing at work in hopes of her doing the same.
considering sending her pictures of myself to let her know how I'm doing
Yes, send her pics of what you've been up to lately regulary and request pics of her. 
See if she sneaks a sexy one in there "by mistake"..
yesterday evening, we still haven't talked about the night before at all
get in bed with mom like usual to watch the shows, cuddle up nice and tight with her, as the big spoon like always
hands all over her during the hour of tv we watch, especially her ass
kissing the side of her neck during it
by the time the shows we actually watch are finished my cock is in full control
I stand up to get naked, turn around after undressing and mom is naked in the bed
just spend a bit taking her body in before we have sex
missionary position
spend the entire time on what feels like the edge of cumming
watching her boobs bounce with every thrust is hypnotizing, feels like it lasts for hours
she climaxes, eyes rolling back, loud moans, all that
pushes me over the edge and I cum
feel like I should say something but my brain is not running properly
just tell her she's beautiful
The silence on what we've been doing did get broken today, though, just to set boundaries. The things you would expect like not telling anyone, especially not my brother. Post probably seems a bit disjointed but my brain is pretty disjointed today
Any protection? I sincerely hope you knock her up.
She's old enough to not need protection. Kind of a shame because banging her while she's pregnant would probably just be mind-blowing.
Fucking beautiful, errands bro. Congrats, you've really made it. 
How was it? Share some more impressions please
Did you talk at all yesterday night after you came? Or just cleaned up and went to sleep w/o talking?
I stand up to get naked, turn around after undressing and mom is naked in the bed
Silent momcest is so hot. Talking ruins it.
How was it? Share some more impressions please
Amazing. Don't really know how else to describe it. Felt like my mind was basically blank the whole time. I've wanted to fuck my mom for a very long time and as much as I wish I'd gotten to when we were both younger it was worth the wait. As for sleeping, we both cleaned up and then went to sleep in her bed mostly quietly.
Yeah anything I could have said would have just ruined the tension. The only things worth saying in that moment don't need to be said because they're obvious.
Errands bro, your progress was so fucking quick and smooth? How do you explain it? 
Why did you mom get on board so quick? Any thoughts?
I have no idea. She's always been kind of a hippie type with the free love and live and let live stuff which could have contributed to it. I've been with a couple of her friends before and maybe they talked. Been close-ish for years now while I've been helping her with all this running around stuff and a lot of that did build our relationship up too. More compliments and platonic touching and stuff to kind of open the door. I also look almost exactly like a younger version of dad which might be part of it. Older women have liked me much of my life and I've never really understood why.
Cuddle anon, good to see a part 2 has gone up relatively quickly. I've got some small updates that I might share in a bit when I get home. Nothing major but it's something at least
Did you bang again in the morning?
What do you plan for tonight? A proper session, with foreplay and everything? maybe eating her out a bit?
No firm plans but I wouldn't mind going down on her. We did not do anything this morning, no. I got up first and made breakfast for us both.
I want to ask mom for more pictures of her face, with different angles and also mouth open and stuff, but I don't want to look like a creep, what do you recommend?
I'll provide a quick recap of how it went and maybe you can correct it, so other anons can see.
Move in with mom after she's back from the hospital. Good boy points repository choke-full.
First morning, walk out of shower naked, mom acknowledges it and says it's no issue. 
Next day, continue walk out naked but full mast, mom moves from bedroom to living room to get a better look
Next day, tries resting hand on hip while watching tv. Allowed
Next day, hand resting on waist and boner poking. Allowed
Next day, mom suggests taking tv watching to bedroom. Boner poking, hand over waist. Allowed.
Next day, boob grabbing and fingering. Mom grabs dick and jerks
Last night, going the whole way.
Is that accurate?
I don't think it was the first morning that I noticed, tomorrow I'll have been here two weeks. It's correct that she wasn't bothered by me coming out of the shower naked. I did that when I was growing up, too, even.
Next day, continue walk out naked but full mast, mom moves from bedroom to living room to get a better look
That was the second day I was full up, if I remember right. Rest seems close enough, but I'll add that watching tv in bed with mom is not that weird for her, either. Used to do that a lot when the divorce was fresh.
I got up first and made breakfast for us both
You talked about it during breakfast? Can you recall some details? Did you talk about how nice it was? That you enjoyed it and wanted it for a long time? Or just about setting boundaries?
I forgot to add her suggesting you stay and sleep in her bed the next night after moving it to the bedroom. 
That pretty much cleared up any remaining doubts about what's gonna happen next.
I told her I enjoyed it a lot, she said she did too. Then it was mostly about setting boundaries. At this point I don't know if this is going to continue once she doesn't need me living here anymore.
Yeah, that made it pretty clear.
Think of some questions for errand-anon too maybe
I've been with a couple of her friends before
Older women have liked me much of my life
Seems like you got some charisma side going for you. Quite succesful with the ladies apprently. We're gonna need some greentexts on those mom's friends encounters too at some later time, cuz that's quite intriguing and it's possible word got around to her.
It's possible one of them talked, yeah. The last friend of hers I was with probably bragged to SOMEONE and word does get around.
I told her I enjoyed it a lot, she said she did too
How did she seem to you? How was her mood? Did she seem comfortable that it happened or a bit contrived?
mostly about setting boundaries. At this point I don't know if this is going to continue
If you talked about the boundaries, that definitely implies it's gonna continue for a while.
You must make those backseat dreams come true as well, remember?
She seemed okay with it, at least so far.
If you talked about the boundaries, that definitely implies it's gonna continue for a while.
True, hadn't considered that. Hopefully one day I'll get to take her in the car. Hot sweaty doggy style sex in my back seat is what I crave
visit your mum and take lots of selfies together trying out your new phone or camera.
Now you have to nurture what you achieved last night, so she doesn't get cold feet suddenly. She needs to be sure you can handle it and keep it discrete. So give it to her good and keep reassuring her. 
I'm also curious about how you envisioned the future in case you're succesful. Just a fling, mom with benefits deal? or maybe you want her as mommywife?
My assumption was mom with benefits. I'd be open to more though. If it ends up just a brief fling then at least I got to have that.
Anyone screencap all these stories?
What's her age again? How was the sex? Was she drenched and tight?
I really gotta go start prepping dinner. Already getting hungry here.
What's her age again?
Early 50s
How was the sex? Was she drenched and tight?
Amazing. She was soaked by the time I put it in.
Hot sweaty doggy style sex in my back seat is what I crave
Is there some lore to this fantasy of your? It seems quite specific..
There is but I haven't shared it. We went to college at the same time because her job was paying for her to go. So a lot of days we would go in together and I would spend the ride back fantasizing about fucking her in the back seat in an empty parking lot.
We went to college at the same time
So fucking co-ed mommy in the backseat, a twisted version of a college couple... Very interesting
Alright update time. Yesterday I was cuddling with mom for a little while, arms wrapped around her belly area. After a while my arm started going numb so she readjusted and started laying on her side and we did a pseudo spoon (I say pseudo since we were still kind of sitting up and not laying down entirely) I had my hand on her thigh for a little while and she didn't mind it. Also noticed near the end of our cuddle session she was breathing a bit deeper than usual, which I was too. Ended up stopping because it's hot af in our house and we were getting a little sweaty cuddling for so long. Might go for another session in a bit since I'm kind of burnt out, in which case I will update again if anything worth saying happens
It was amazing. I'm surprised how quick she got it out of me, it was almost medical, no build up or anything just a "time is of the essence" type.
Exactly. I want to show her I'm not just going to fuck and leave. I want her to know I love her and will be there.
Thank you to you guys too, it's encouraging knowing I'm not the only one out there. I won't lie there were times that I felt gross and weird but knowing there is a whole community is a huge deal.
Oh I know. There were plenty of other times I could have helped. We are being extremely careful not to do anything out of the ordinary.
I'm on my way to the restaurant now. We can't stay over unfortunately so not sure what will happen but hopefully something good. I'll update in a few hours maybe. If not tomorrow.
was breathing a bit deeper than usual
Very nice, cuddle bro
Seems like you've having multiple cuddle session daily now. 
Who initiated that session? If it's you most of the times, maybe take a step back and let her initiate too, to avoid red flags (even though kinda unlikely, but still)
it was almost medical
Surgical precision mommy... amazing
knowing there is a whole community is a huge deal
You're not the first to say that, gothbro. Other anons sharing past stories were quite excited and relieved as well to have finally found a place to get it off their chest.
The fact that she initiated the jerking in your aunt's house should tell you she's not that cautious and wary about it. She sure enjoys the taboo and risk.
Most I've had was 2 in one day and that was only once, but we are cuddling often yeah.
As for the initiating it's been me every time which I actually mentioned to her in that same session
sorry for coming out here so much
"there's nothing to be sorry about anon"
I did tell her a few days ago when she was stressed that if she ever needs some cuddle time she can always ask me but that hasn't happened yet.
She knows the exact buttons to press to have me explode in minutes. It is honestly impressive.
It's a relief in a way. Just feeling things build up and all the frustrations with no one to tell. The fact I can tell people what I experienced when I was younger and maybe help them come to grips with things is amazing. The fact it is helping me accept my desires and accept myself is a huge thing too.
She is very good at being subtle but she loves being risky too. Hence the school trip dorm incident and the fingering in the car. I'm excited to see what else is coming my way.
but that hasn't happened yet
Well, that's probably because you're initiating daily. 
That's why I'm saying, turn it down a bit, as a test, and see if she comes wandering into your room or calls out to you to join her. 
You said it's mostly about her interest and seeing where it'll go, so let her do her part too.
Also, try offering a massage
You're right, I'll try pulling back a bit. Even if I love mommy cuddle time...
Also I'm not too sure about a massage but ill think about it.
knows the exact buttons to press to have me explode in minutes
That's the maternal instincts at work
Success bro, please more AI'ed pics when got time
Got time for 1.
At the restaurant, talk to you later.
Such a low key hottie...
@Auntfem, for your next encounter I want you to wear only a choker, stockings and high heels
Goth bro, take a pic of the bed and crumpled bedsheets next time it happens. I wanna see
Also, a pic of her at the date, so you can AI later
How can I replicate this kino?
Use the AI mirror app
You got a hot mom too?
@rlg bro &amp; ass-masseur, will you finally share some pics now?
The benefits of young pregnancies... Damn
Any news about cuba anon?
I think he was dominican
Even if I love mommy cuddle time...
I think her initiating allows you to be bolder in your actions, if that makes sense
if my mom raped me as a kid, am I now allowed to rape her back as revenge?
Yes, I think so. Sounds fair to me...
No, you should just forgive her. 
Then start complimenting her and offering massages.
Keep it bumped if you don't wanna wait till Monday for gothmom updates
Don't reward bad behavior.
"Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good."
I stand up to get naked, turn around after undressing and mom is naked in the bed
More mombros should try this. Just start taking your clothes off and watch mom follow suit.
once she doesn't need me living here anymore
Now she will really need you there.
You're moving in soon lol
She won't kick you out.
Mommy bump time.
Gothmom anon again.
Still at restaurant, just at the washroom. I'll update whenever possible.
Still at restaurant, just at the washroom. I'll update whenever possible.
nice
Still at restaurant
Take a pic of your dolled up goth mommy
Still at restaurant
Long date
What comes next after the boner poking, cuddle bro? Are you gonna show it to her or wait for her to grab it?
Wait for her to grab or do/say something about it. My whole situation is that I'm seeing the signs from mom first and giving a little push back and seeing how she responds. So I'll leave it more to her actions
That and I'd be way too nervous to try showing it to her, at least not without a lot more buildup first
Sex with mom bad even tho she is hot and the only person I love in the entire world
Gothmom anon again. 
Boys do i have an update for you. Jesus Christ. Bare with me I've had 2 bottles of wine so amy tak a little to type up.
so may take a little to type up
Type it up!
Wait for her to grab or do/say something about it
She may choose to not know acknowledge it too overtly and maintain some deniability. Maybe just brush/grind against it a little bit to cop a feel. 
That would still be a big green light to proceed and get bolder.
Keep it bumped if for errands-anon's first proper session report as well
Gothmom anon.
OK I'll be honest I was going to draw a map to give you guys an idea of mine and my mom's relative positions in the city but I'm too drunk. I'm also too drunk to do the mirror ai because I wanted to tell nay sayers to fuck off but I'm too drunk to fix the photos. The romantic dim lighting is really fucking up the ai photos I wanted to shiw
OK. Tonight was really fucking good. Like real good. We both got real drink so here goes.
at the restaurant with mom
just a normal dinner
get a bottle of wine in and we are way more flirty
mom starts running her foot up my leg
I think fuck it and do the same
she's squirming and I can feel how damp she is
think double fuck it. No one knows us here so get her to come over and sit on my knee and start making out (it's a restaurant/fancy cocktail bar so no one is bothered by this)
raging boner, I am literally making out with my mom in public
get 2 bottles of wine in
real fucnj g drunk now
both of us ate
we pay and leave
too drunk to drive
go to gey mom's stuff fro. Car
sits me down in pass eager seat
"thank you anon for tonight,'
starts blowing me in the parking lot with the door open, anyone old see
gets on top and slide me in and starts fucking
try everything I can to not cum immediately 
starts hugging me tight
says in my ear "I got an appointment with the doctor, I'm on the pill now. I want you to cum anom"
I just fucking came my entire soul into her at that
way too drunk to drive home
order uber to take us
make out in uber tha whole way back
still rock hard knowing my load is inside her
I need to slep. I'm exhausted and real drink. I'll fix the ai photos tomorrow. Tonight was fucking amazing. Good night guys.
Gothmom anon 
Fuck it im done fucking about with ads and stuff. This is the one semi decent photot. I. Not grey but you get the idea. I'll fix the other photos tomorrow if the ai doesn't fuck up. Enjoy. Ill post tomorrow, I need to sleep
Fucking amazing stuff, gothbro
Get some rest now.
date with brother tomorrow cancelled because of stuff with his family
At least I've got donuts and the day off.
starts blowing me in the parking lot with the door open, anyone could see
Jesus Christ anon... your mom's unbelievable.
Brosis in bad mood?
Sorry to hear... what kind of donuts?
Perhaps you need a young guy on the side, eager for dates with his mommy gf
a young guy on the side
She's trying to create that young guy with her brother's help.
Crappy chain place. Donut selection out here is limited. But they had the only kind that matters. Chocolate icing with a custard filling.
was going to draw a map to give you guys an idea
Don't go drawing no maps bro, like why wtf
Goddamn gothmom anon you lucky son of a bitch. What a read. Anyways hope you sleep well after all that fucking fellow mommy bro.
Chocolate icing with a custard filling
the only one that matters indeed...
How are you gonna contain your urges now??
I just wanna cuddle honestly.
Can't have sex this time of month. I always want to spend time with him though
Can't have sex this time of month
It was sps'd to be a cuddle date then? Or cuddle &amp; oral date?
We were going to go out for dinner and cuddle and make out and I probably would have used my mouth on him.
Wanna post an AI'd pic of self and get some compliments maybe? It will make you feel better
I'm not drunk enough yet, try again in a few hours
I just wanna cuddle honestly.
Cuddling is important and sometimes all that you need. If I got to choose between being jerked of by my mom or being hugged by her I'd pick the hug nine out ten times.
You should pick getting jerked while hugging
It's really nice to cuddle. Every two weeks isn't enough. I miss being a needy little kid and getting to just share his bed when I was upset.
I'm off to sleep, nymphsis
Hope you feel better and next date won't fall through
Oh, I remembered, I wanted to ask why you didn't start banging earlier? Why did it take so long? Were you fighting the feelings or scared to confess or...?
Shame and fear of rejection, I guess. Eventually the day to day pain got enough that chasing him won out.
Night. Next one better not fall through because it should be a good day for getting pregnant.
If you get drunk enough to post AI'd nudes, I would totally not appreciate that
Shame and fear of rejection, I guess. Eventually the day to day pain got enough that chasing him won out.
I can relate to this.
Next one better not fall through because it should be a good day for getting pregnant.
Consider getting on fertility drugs if neccesary, though you might end up with twins that way.
I can relate to this
How so?
Twins would be nice. I wanted a big family but time and failures have made that seem pretty out of reach. I feel like kids should have a sibling. Someone who always has their back.
It's a horrible feeling and why I want incest legalized. It's heartbreaking to think of people who have to hide their feelings because of those laws or societal views on it.
I haven't even been able to will myself to start the first drink yet. It's just sitting there.
I tried to distance myself from my mom and forget my excesive love for her until it became impossible.
Not doing so hot tonight, eh.. I wanna give you a hug
until it became impossible
What did you do then?
I just get upset easily. Was really looking forward to seeing him again.
Just going to leave this so we don't fall off.
I'll add my experiences just to keep the thread alive.
Not into my mother but do have a thing for older women.
Mum used to constantly touch my ass when I lived with her, would complain but she would laugh it off.
Groping would consist of standing behind me whilst I was doing stuff with her feeling me up.
Used to come in the bathroom whilst I was using the shower to grab stuff, told me it was normal.
Would walk around the house naked frequently, always told me it was was normal and isn't anything I haven't seen before. 
Occasionally would try to hop into bed with me (I was around 16 at the time) . Told me I used to always ask to join her in bed when I was a child so it's normal.
Worst one was when I was around 10 she had a few friends over and was walking about my penis size. Made me come over and get undressed in front of them (4 women all in the age of 30-40). I brought this up when I was around 20 and she flat out denied it.
Most recent visit to see her was watching TV, she hoped on the sofa and asked to cuddle, I told her no and she had a huff and said 'i should always cuddle my mummy'. Few minutes later she was sort of laying on me with her arm round me.
Anything but a son lmao.
Interesting, your mother and her friends are predators. That's kind of hot...
how do I turn my mom into anime? which website to use?
AI Mirror, it's a mobile app.
which style to use?
does it work for body (not face)
Anime 2d. You'll probably get the best results between 10-35%. Also crop the photos beforehand if you have to, the in-app cropping is really bad.
Yes, it can be very accurate with bodies at low percentages.
This looks decent, how do I do it? Also "Anime 2d"?
How many of you still live at home?
Are you drunk enough yet?
she hoped on the sofa and asked to cuddle, I told her no
Anon, what the hell? Why won't you cuddle with her and grope her ass?
how do I do it?
Just download the app and follow the instructions, test out the different percentages and possibly do it several times. There's nothing difficult about, just annoying to deal with the ads.
Also "Anime 2d"?
Yes.
test out the different percentages
A reminder that if you wanna share your mommy, you should use the minimal possible anime-tion level, so her features remain actually representative of her. Otherwise, what's the point?
The problem with using 0-10% is that the image gets blurry. But you're right, there's no point in posting something that isn't accurate to your mom.
I know for a fact that this thread is being made over and over by a group of trannies from some discord group. Literally manipulating these soft brained retards to fuck their own mother. What do you get a hard on from that in your non existent dick?
Don't let it die, momfags
thoats? momcest worthy?
Cute and thick.
Built for BBC. Big boy cuddles.
momcest worthy?
Very much so, yes. 
Are you a regular or newbro?
I'm 95% sure that's rlg-mommy
The soft juiciness is very much evident
I can understand jerking off to mom son vids as a kink, but would you guys actually fuck your real life mother? 
I wouldn't even if she was legs spread begging for it and paid me, just makes me sick thinking bout my actual mom.
makes me sick thinking bout my actual mom
Is that because she's not conventionally attractive or because she's "mom"?
I can affrim
lolololol
Im into momcest but not trying anything in real life, only seeing if fellow momcest appreciators agree that my mom is *momcestous*
what does "rlg" mean?
I was lucky enough to touch it
shes attractive but it's because it's mom, I don't know we've always had a good relationship so I think that plays part in why I can't see her as sexual, but mom son porn is good.
I wouldn't even if she was legs spread begging for it and paid me
shes attractive
faggot confessions are common here
but not trying anything in real life
That might need some fixing, if she's single
Well, most of us are just momcest enjoyers here, but there are some literal momfuckers here too, as you can see from the greentexts above
I'lld rather fuck someone that isn't my biological mother guess i'm a faggot like 95% of the world then.
why I can't see her as sexual
That does require some past experiences with her that makes smtn in your brain click and think "Wait a sec... she's a woman. She's a hot woman, actually"
It does require some form of sexual "trauma"
Gothmom anon again. 
I'm rested up now. Still feeling the wine a little. Gotta go to work and then go get my car because I was too drunk to drive home haha.
I was not expecting it. I thought maybe a handjob or something but last night was crazy. The fact she is on the pill again, means she wants it inside and is prepared for it. My hearts pounding thinking about it
I slept ok. Really fucking tired though. We both had a chat and agreed we shouldn't have had that much to drink on a work day. We are going to meet this Sunday because I've got a long Saturday shift.
I'm going to go to work now. I'll AI the pictures later if I can get the ai to stop fucking up from the lighting.
means she wants it inside and is prepared for it
Well, you know how much she loves it... Got back on the pill real quick for it
OK managed to unfuck one picture from the date night. I'm not sitting through ads to try again. I'll do the rest later, I've got to start work. Ask questions I guess because no more updates until I see her Sunday.
Not sure what to ask... 
How was the date? Were you acting like two idiots in love? Real romantic and shit?
Do you think anyone saw her blowing you in the car?
Turn down that percentage a bit pls, gothbro
She looks way like she's in her 20s
@errands bro, please last night update
then I guess we could let it die and get some down time till the next thread
starts blowing me in the parking lot with the door open
gets on top and slide me in and starts fucking
I guess that's what "going at my pace" actually meant...
So why did we start a thread on thursday?
Some big impending updates in the pipeline
Fucking post something
I don't have anything to report.
I don't have anything to report
Many such cases
She got on the pill very quickly and didn't even tell me she had an appointment.
The date went amazing. We had a really good time and after a bottle of wine each we were flirting and touching and making out with everyone around us. It was candle lit so pretty romantic. We left when the place was almost closing so not many people around and it was dark so I doubt anyone saw. Maybe they may have noticed the car moving.
I've turned it down to 15. The lighting keeps messing it up so none of them look too good. Plus I don't want it to be identifiable.
My thoughts exactly
She's really cute. I'm tryna picture her blowing you in a parking lot..
She got on the pill very quickly and didn't even tell me she had an appointment
Well, that might've been what she wanted you to believe, cuz she was really craving the cummies in that moment
You boys are way too horny.
Pls guys stop posting these stupid anime faces. They bring nothing to the discussion.
There's not much left at this point. Everybody's already posted the updates for the week, we're riding on fumes here...
@errands-anoooon, morning updates I beg
why a choker lol
Cuz it's hot asf
How was yesterday? Did you role play a bit again?
Yesterday went ok. Usually, I have the house to myself on Thursday but my youngest was around, so I was going to cancel our plans, but my nephew was kinda insistent. So I made all of us a family dinner and we ended up watching a movie in the living room. My youngest is a night owl so we couldn't really do anything more besides under-the-blanket stuff and I didn't really want anyone wandering why my nephew was in my bedroom all night.
besides under-the-blanket stuff
naughty... what did you do under the blanket?
why my nephew was in my bedroom all night
he occasionally stays the night to indulge you more?
your thoughts still slipping towards wanting the real thing?
She is very cute. Still at work so I will fix the other pics later.
She looks very happy in all pics, gothmom bro
The ai kinda makes her look asian though
what did you do under the blanket?
It was mostly what he did, which was grope every curve and slope he possible could get away with, first on the outside of my clothes and then the inside. All I did was give his crotch a little rub when he was getting really into it
he occasionally stays the night to indulge you more?
Sometimes. We take our time a lot and the night goes by quick
your thoughts still slipping towards wanting the real thing?
Yeah but usually only if I'm super horny and/or drunk
every curve and slope
I recall you got a lot of those ...
I'm super horny and/or drunk
An explosive combination, auntfem. Oldest might be at risk next time he's around you
damn that's a hot pic
asdfasfdds
@cuddle-anon, any updates?
Is she asian or that just the anime filter?
Yes actually, was just coming back to talk about it
Mom made me go out grocery shopping with her today, went to two stores and got some coffee from an in store Cafe. Not too much interesting happened aside from her dragging me into the women's clothes asile and her looking at various tops including some crop tops (which she doesn't wear) while I had to just stand around and watch.
I'm sticking to holding off on cuddle time for a bit and seeing how mom responds, though I'm currently out on the couch with her still watching a murder show together.
grope every curve and slope he possible could get away with, first on the outside of my clothes and then the inside
That lucky bastard...
Have you had any talks yet about what you're doing?
though I'm currently out on the couch with her still watching a murder show together
Well, if you're already in that position, just go for some cuddling. Maybe grab her waist or drape hand over it, something a bit suggestive
Hey, confession guy here. Going to see mom tommorow, I'll stay the night there.I'll let you know if I notice any signals or anything.Worst case scenario I'll just get some views cause the weathers supposed to be great
Nothing very serious. It mostly just feels like we're having a fun fling or having mutual booty call. Most of the talking has been concerned about not getting caught or improving things
though I'm currently out on the couch with her
You better start spooning her immediately
Hope you guys have some memories you can treasure for the rest of your life.
I'll let you know if I notice any signals or anything
You got anything specific in mind you wanna try?
Not really. I'll see what the vibe is like and play accordingly.
improving things
HOT
How would you feel if found out your oldest was banging your sis? Would that get you outraged or jealous?
Maybe try the 'watch tv and cuddle under the blanket' thing. It's starting to look like it's the smarter way to go than massages and other stuff.
I would feel outraged, hypocritical, and jealous in that order without thinking about it
Would you then try to stop it or prove to him you can take better care of his urges?
If your son hinted he wanted you at the same time your nephew did, would you still have done anything with the nephew or probably ignored him?
She said in earlier posts she liked the nephew and wasn't considering momcest at all.
Only made her (hypotetically) curious once the auntcest got her craving more taboo
The lighting was really dim and she wears mascara and eyeliner to slant her eyes so it's messing with the ai.
I'll post some pictures separate from the date night ones soon.
Try something between 10-12%, if acceptable
I hope by now you're cuddling and spooning and poking her, cuddle bro
I don't think I would try to stop it but I would be very curious about what she does with him, and I'd try to learn from him if he feels that way toward me.
The other anon has the right of it but i don't know, that's a very big what-if
would be very curious about what she does with him
you mean all the spicy details, as morbid curiousity?
try to learn from him if he feels that way toward me
for what purpose?
I would be very curious about what she does with him
Imagine watching voyeuristically your oldest banging your sis. Pretty hot...
you mean all the spicy details
unabashedly yes
for what purpose?
I guess it would be a cop out to just say curiosity. If it had gotten to the point that my sister and I are basically swapping sons, I would probably unironically ask if my oldest wanted to touch me since we'd basically thrown any standards out
I'm weirdly inclined to agree
to the point that my sister and I are basically swapping sons
Is your sis single too... by any chance?
Auntfem, as your next "assignment", maybe next session you tell him smtn along of the lines of "imagine if your mom saw us like this? would she get jealous?... would she wanna fuck you too maybe?"
See if he's getting anything out of it.......
don't try to make things weird for this woman and her incestious lover anon
Holy shit you fucked you actually mom?!
Damn now I got a new fetish, good shit
Freud was onto something it seems lol
They've already done weirder stuff. It would actually be a step back
would probably unironically ask if my oldest wanted to touch me
Please don't ask, auntfem. It kills the eroticism.
This is how you do it >>73115440
I hadn't read that yet. That's a very bad mom and son
She is happily single lol
I still don't know what he thinks of that sort of thing with his mom but I guess that would be one way of figuring out
She is happily single
I bet she could use some affection from her handsome son, esp. now that he's learned so much
still don't know what he thinks of that sort of thing with his mom
Then how about next time you change the role-playing and you two pretend he's getting his mom pregnant? And watch his brain melt.
She is happily single lol
Good. Mark your territory.
Imagine peeping on your nephew banging his mom, and knowing you taught him everyhing he's doing to her. Pretty hot..
She needs son fucking and you need mom pussy.
I have a much older gf because of my mommy issues but i really want to fuck my mom when she is at home wearing these black soft pants and bending over
i just cant help thinking about fucking her from behind eye i see her like that
@ukanon, where have you gone?
Is it a good idea to pump your baby-making seed into your mother's womb?
Help your sister end her dry spell, aunt femanon
As long as you desire to please her to the fullest.
And have a deformed incest baby... that is unless you're gothmom anon
deformed incest baby
jew meme
incest baby is the definition of superior genetics
Have no desire to fuck my mom IRL
Absolutely want a gf who will fuck me gently and let me call her mommy
please don't make me leave
Have no desire to fuck my mom IRL
You have to go back
What if I post great mommy porn??
Have no desire to fuck my mom IRL
*YET
That's called repressed momlust, anon
Stop repressing it and go hug your mom
Yes on multiple occasions. It stopped for a few years but has started back up now. People put a whole archive together for it so you can always read through and catch up.
I mean if it was going to happen, the clock is ticking. It'll never happen, we couldn't let it. WAY too many questions would come up from family.
AHHHHHHHHHHHH I WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH MOM SO MUCH IT'S UNREAL
rlg-bro back in top shape
Have you been keeping up with the errand-anon saga, rlg bro? Seems like "watch tv under the blanket" is the golden ticket now..
Bros I'm so busy and unmotivated that I'm not even reading any of the posts anymore. I just come here whenever I have momcest urges to vent. I will probably get back to seducing mom in couple of weeks perhaps a bit longer.
You mean to say you missed out on the gothmom saga too?????!!
@brosis, feeling a bit better ?
Just mildly lonely, which is about where I am most nights. Beer and a sub sandwich are keeping me company. Maybe pot too in a bit.
I'm so busy and unmotivated that I'm not even reading any of the posts anymore
Been there, not a fun time.
I will probably get back to seducing mom in couple of weeks perhaps a bit longer.
It's going to be a around 1 month for me. Thought I could get home in time for mother's day but it turns out I'm going to miss it.
Beer and a sub sandwich are keeping me company
You should get a little furry friend too maybe
My roommate's cat is sleeping right now, probably in the kitchen. I'm sure he'll be scratching at my door before too long.
/momcest/
oh i bet this is like some shit about mommydom's or having a mommy kink
actual incest
what the fuck
Yes unfortunately. I will caught up at some point.
Stay strong mombro, which one are you?
This is the real deal thread, yes
yall some weirdos I thought we would share stories about getting dommed by our girlfriends or smth, but nah the real deal is hella weird
I wanted to ask, do you wanna get pregnant to win bro over, or actually crave motherhood and kids?
There should be a mommy gf general too. 
Someone should start that
I don't expect to ever win him over. I'd like to have children, though. If he comes to me somewhere down the line and we can be a real family then that's even better.
don't expect to ever win him over
Keep in mind the divorce rates....
@errands bro swimming in mommy pussy rn and no time to update, sadly
Pretty sure that's op masseur
Have you requested any pics of mom wearing your gifted panties yet? Bold, but worth it
Is he keen on pleasuring you usually? Eating you out and all the good stuff? Or it's more one-sided?
I always get off with him, he makes sure of that.
True. Unfortunately I don't have the time to wait for a divorce.
which one are you?
OP-masseur.
Correct. Was it the timing of me going home or me being busy that let you know it was me?
I actually asked for a normal pic of her yesterday. She took while we were talking, but there was some issues as it was marked sent on her end yet I didn't get it.
While I doubt she'd send me a pic of her in her panties, I think it be easier to get her to let me personally take a pic of her wearing them.
he makes sure of that
what a caring brother
Why do you think it would be easier for you to take the picture?
that let you know it was me?
all of it, plus anime picrels. ive been around a while )
I can be more persuasive when talking face-to-face than over the phone. While I know that she never takes pictures of herself she's also showed me her panties several time so that wouldn't be something entirely new.
Then maybe you should start taking pictures of her with the intention to give back to her. Take some normal flattering pictures that she likes and then start adding requests to the pics to make them more interesting.
Just a shot in the dark.
are you a bit of a clothes and panties fetishist, op? i'm getting that sense a bit
He really is, in more ways than most brothers.
Where can you search for actual mom son video?
I have heard about some camera hacked video that sometime capture momson but idk if it illegal or not
Gothmom anon again.
Gonna get some sleep guys. Hopefully a good update Sunday/Monday for you all.
i saw that picture of you and your mom anon. and the picture of me you commented on. i know things.
I've had some similar ideas. Doesn't hurt to try.
Yes. My interest in those thing started as a kid thanks to my mom.
At least these fags aren't cucks
What if your mom is the perfect wife?
momwife...
WAY too many questions would come up from family.
Yeah, like why stop at one and not make two or three.
A pain in the ass but you only need a mirror to know if she will also be a good mother to your children.
Perfectly balanced I would say.
I assume that growing up and being raised by your mom creates all kinds of situations where you will be able to see a side of her that nobody outside of your family knows, both highs and lows. Wanting her as your wife when you know more about her than you could ever know about any other woman and wanting her despite or even because all of that probably means that she's a pretty amazing woman and would be a good mother to your children.
Mommy says I should BUMP
My mom just went over to her boyfriends place
I wonder how big his cock is i hope its big
Cucksons, nooooooooo
silent momcest
Pretty relatable to how things are when mom and i (a-m) fool around. The tension in the air is suffocating and uttering anything seems very awkward and redundant.
end yourself subhuman filth
uttering anything seems very awkward and redundant
yes, plus her staying quiet while its obv inappropriate is a sure sign she welcomes it
Finally some good degeneracy. I also hope your mom gets all of her holes resized tonight,
Its always like that when people know they indulge in something highly shameful and/or forbidden. The air feels heavy and you tip-toe your way around everything. Comparable to discovering your fathers gun stash and poking around.
Need horny goth mommywife
I wonder how big his cock is i hope its big
Bro, that's kinda gay.
Don't take the cuckson-bait
Take some normal flattering pictures that she likes and then start adding requests to the pics
Literal literotica tropes
Get pictures of mom
Photoshop her face and hair on top of bodies like a schizo serial killer or a horny DeviantArt autist
Create an entire scene with PNGs
Run the final product through AI Mirror
mfw
Mombros...
I've reached peak degeneracy
how would you feel if you found out your brother and mother fuck? personally, i think that might be the only acceptable form of cucksonry, although i'd still feel as jealous as aroused.
I've had some similar ideas. Doesn't hurt to try.
Noooo op masseur... You're wasting precious time. Let her see your boner, then request tv watching under blanket.
@auntfem, how would you feel if your son tried to rape you? woud that be hurtful or kinda hot?
Unironically picrel. Good for them and I certainly wouldn't interrupt them. I wouldn't be jealous either, as it's all in the family.
I'd feel extremely hurt and jealous. 
The ultimate feeling of mom choosing a favourite and being a total betason
tbqh, if she's a degenerate enough to fuck one of her sons, its not really far out of reach that she would probably give to the other one's dick a few glazings too, at the very least. if for some weird reason she doesn't comply, you can easily blackmail her in that situation.
started improving my life alot recently
diet is mostly eggs, vitamins, oatmeal, and tuna fish
dropped 50lbs through pure agony and doing lots of cardio to keep the depression down
visible abs first time in my life at 28
showing my aunt while talking about it casually
whole time shes running her hands on them
talking to me about older women when i told her i dont date
rock hard when she hugged me tightly
she is 38 and has been calling me alot to help her with minor things, how can i make something of this? Wine?
Is she in shape herself? Offer to be her fitness coach. Do some cardio and work up a sweat together.
Start giving her longer hugs, sit next to her on the couch and offer to cuddle, make some suggestive jokes now and then. You've got this fit anon
Turned on, it's one of my biggest fantasies. Especially if my brother was young. I want a pedomommy to cuck me with my brother
Fake a cramp and have her massage you. Or push her maternal instincts.
share them selfish bitch
has been calling me alot to help her with minor things, how can i make something of this?
Anon, all the green lights are flashing bright.
Wine and suggest watching a movie under the blanket. Initiate a bit of hugging/cuddling.
Make it obvious to her you're interested in her too. Start ogling her curves and initiate body contact often. Maybe ask her out for lunch or dinner to show you enjoy spending time together. 
Is she hot, btw? Describe her looks
So anyone jerk off to incest captions? Like a hot blonde girl squatting in yoga pants with the caption 
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT LIL BRO?
A redditor called clowns4mom has nice captions that are not that pornographic but diamonds inducing
Only 4 mentions (including this) of CHADSON
for shaaame.
this
cucksons will seethe
Funny thing is I don't read literotica. It honestly just came to me from what he said.
You're wasting precious time
I'll be living with her for 2 months, there's plenty of time to do both that and letting her see/feel that I'm hard for her.
She is decently in shape she does alot of yoga.
 Do some cardio and work up a sweat together.
i will float this to her
Start giving her longer hugs, sit next to her on the couch and offer to cuddle, make some suggestive jokes now and then. You've got this fit anon
the last hug i gave her i just held on for a long time and held her tight, she smelled amazing.
Make it obvious to her you're interested in her too. Start ogling her curves and initiate body contact often.
How do i know when im going to far or to fast? Im afraid of scaring her off but I really want her. 
 Maybe ask her out for lunch or dinner to show you enjoy spending time together.
ok i will try that out.
Is she hot, btw? Describe her looks
Red hair, kind of skinny but she has nice tits, she likes to wear very tight jeans that make me want to grab her ass.
There has been many times when I have thought about moving my hands down to her ass and pulling her against me.
how do I know when I'm going too far or to fast?
Take baby steps to reach your goal, so say instead of outright grinding against her you just occasionally poke her with a boner and see how she reacts.
How do i know when im going to far or to fast?
You just need to signal to her your interest and that you're down for more. So don't be too overt, just act a bit flirty, initiate tight hugs too, spend time together. Then you will see her initiating stuff, in return. 
But if she agrees to watching tv together and you're cuddling, don't be afraid to move your hands around a bit and feel her up, like rest your hand on her hip or waist. If she's interested in you, she'll definitely allow it. Then you can try more. 
Keep in mind, if she wants it, she'll definitely let you know too, so just pay attention and follow her lead.
next time she calls on you for help, grab a nice bottle a wine too. Once you're done with helping, ask her about her fav tv shows, what she's been watching lately. She'll probably suggest you share that bottle and sit down to watch something. 
Sit right next to her, once get tipsy, drape your hand around her shoulders, compliment her, talk about dating and you're openness to date older women and how good looking some are, like her for ex (very important). You'll notice an immediate reaction from her... and then just go with the flow. 
And most importantly, keep us posted on your progress. /mcg/ goes up every Monday.
Had a lot of places to be yesterday, by the time everything was done I just needed a rest, sorry.
I'll be living with her for 2 months
Oh, that's pretty nice. Plenty of time for trying out different strategies and getting her horny for you
Had a lot of places to be yesterday
still running those errands eh
please more greentexts when got time
Hasn't been anything all that interesting. We did it again Thursday night, but yesterday I was just done by the end of the day and went to sleep after the usual tv shows. Still pretty out of it today
We did it again Thursday night
how was it?? did anything beyond missionary?
It was great, still missionary so far though. Maybe a different one tonight if we do it again.
Did you get to kissing and making out too?
Change it up a bit, try some doggy or her on top hhnnnng
No kissing yet, I think it's still a bit weird to us. I want to do her on top before long though. Would love to see her breasts bouncing while she rides me
Would love to see her breasts bouncing
Oh fuck yeah .... Definitely try that tonight. 
But try going for some kissing, it's so intimate, really takes it to the next level.
Do you two mention what you do throughout the day or are you still pretty closeted about the whole thing?
Just feels a little out of place this early. It's a physical thing right now and kissing seems more of a romantic thing, at least to me.
We haven't really talked about it, no. Just enough to lay down ground rules.
Do you initiate sex more by talking or just through physical contact spontaneously
It's a physical thing right now
Yeah I guess rn you're just kinda using each other to get off. Getting a bit more comfortable with the feels will take a bit longer. 
Maybe kiss her neck and move slowly to her face, gauge her reactions
Physically, for the most part.
Was thinking the neck thing, too. But yeah, we're basically just helping each other cum. We've both been single a long time and all.
We haven't really talked about it, no
Is there a change in vibe in how you interact you during the day? Like feeling closer and more affectionate with each other?
It's felt a little awkward to me, and I'm definitely more conscious of it when we touch at all. I'm assuming that clears up in time.
I'm assuming that clears up in time
I expect that happens only if you have (or will develop) real romantic feels for her. 
Do you feel that way about her? or mostly see her as "mom"?
Also, did you notice any changes in her mood or demeanour around you?
What do you think about sharing some media? A censored close-up pic of doggy, short audio recording with the talk cut out?
Do you feel that way about her? or mostly see her as "mom"?
Mostly mom, I think.
Also, did you notice any changes in her mood or demeanour around you?
Not sure how to word it, but she seems a little more open around me.
Wouldn't share anything that extreme. Tried playing around with that mirror AI on some normal pictures but none of what I got was any good.
but none of what I got was any good
Maybe just share an AI'd pic of her curves (no face)? to see her body type?
I'll have to see what I can find along those lines. Gotta go start making dinner.
Thanks for the updates, errands bro. Very nice. Hope to see more in the next thread
Close-up of her goodies is too extreme? maybe i have skewed perception of whats risky and what isnt.
We've both been single a long time
You seem quite popular with the ladies though. Was the momlust keeping you from dating?
@cuddle bro, any updates? anything happened during that tv watching session or later?
I have thought about moving my hands down to her ass
Stop. Learn from r anon or you will share the same tragic fate.
Tf you talking about? Auntie is giving him all the signs to proceed boldly
Prudemom-anon, how's it going bro? tried anything yet?
Cuddle anon here
Nothing happened no, right now we're both pretty busy so no cuddle time sadly though I should have some time tomorrow so I'll update if we do
mmm ... welcoming very freshly-fucked mommy home....
Remember to try other stuff too - compliments, oggling a bit, touching/hugging her waist
idk im just trying to rub her feet more often
I'm still thinking about that juicy ass, anon... it's so enticing.
im just trying to rub her feet more often
Does she lay her feet in your lap or anything like that? Do you do the calves as well?
i never stop... lol
not really, she lays her legs out next to me or on her foot rest and ill sit on the floor. i havent done anything but her feet
havent done anything but her feet
Start moving that dial... 
Also, notice what cuddle-anon is posting about hugging and cuddling - moms miss that a lot, so don't be shy about initiating it
could you share a few more AI pics of her, mombro?
dont enjoy her too much..
i'm enjoying her a lot
maybe post a body pic to appreciate her curves too
Have you ever seen her naked, anon?
how much...?
of course
she's a cutie
of course
circumstances? your reaction? was she ever aware?
going to the bathroom while shes in the shower, seeing her dressing, sleeping undressed. when I was younger it was gross, now im a perv and you can infer the rest...
sometimes she knew, mostly not prob
Are you committed to make her yours?
You're gonna need to take some bold steps for that
i dont want her to hate me..
As long as you don't do anything inappropriate too fast, you're gonna be ok. She has thoughts about you too when feeling lonely, don't even doubt that
Anon, this is what she definitely won't hate you for - hugs, cuddles, compliments, spending more time together.
Will she hate you once if she sees the boner? or feeling your boner poking her? Definitely not. That would get her weirdly curious and a bit aroused. 
Only once you get to these steps, you can start worrying about the next ones.
Mommy fell asleep like an angel again... Will get her a blanket
Cuddle anon here to second this and bump the thread
Moms love spending time with their babies and getting their affection. My mom is really happy that I've started giving her more attention, and the occasional boner poke is never a bad thing. Show mommy love and she will show you love in return
Are you attracted to her, cuddle bro? You seem quite commited to the mcg. 
Are you really just curious about what she wants or there's something more there?
Show mommy love and she will show you love in return
Very well said, cuddle anon. And very true.
There's nothing more effective at improving the relationship as momcest attempts. You just wanna bang her, but end up with a better, deeper, tender and loving relationship.
You gotta introduce some sexual tension to your cuddling too, so it doesn't come across as childish games. 
Hug her extra tight and let your hands wander dangerously close to her tidds and ass
keep it bump, mombros. we're having back to back mcgs now
It's a little tough for me to say. My mom isn't so attractive that I just have to have her or anything. But a lot of her qualities have influenced my taste in women and those qualities I do find attractive.
And currently yes I am more curious about what she wants more than just pleasing myself since I have seen signs even without my previous input.
As for the dedication I just have a lot of free time and am chronically online so I update even for small stuff
That's the plan anon, I'll get there eventually.
update even for small stuff
Nothing wrong with that. Sometimes the little things are the hottest.
@errands bro, maybe next time you're spooning watching tv, just pull your boxers down and stick it inside. give her a little surprise. then switch it to prone bone. then pull her up into doggy. hhhnngg
