I'm not even sure I want a gf anymore. Western women are infected with all sorts of viruses and I kind of like being disease free. They are incredibly judgmental and materialistic, you have to backflip through flaming hoops socially and constantly stay up to date with popular music and popular culture, which I struggle to get into, just to get a reply other than "ok" or get ghosted for some trivial reason. Also they are overweight and I don't really find them attractive, the only ones remotely attractive are out of my league and harangued by chads and simps 24/7.
Society makes it clear they hate me, I have toxic masculinity, white privilege, women have been indoctrinated to view me as a "creep" even though I haven't done anything immoral. I am "boring" because I don't like pop culture and don't talk like I'm ghetto or whatever. People give me strange looks if I have the wrong haircut or odd clothing or the inflections in my voice are a little off. It has been like this since I was a teenager and will probably be like this the rest of my life.
Perhaps if I put in a herculean effort I could fake being a subnormy, but it doesn't seem worth it. It is probably better to abandon modern society altogether. Just take as much from the west as possible, earn money, save and invest and look for alternatives socially speaking. You have all these weebs moving to Japan and getting a qt Japanese gf, you have mormons getting trad wives, there are now lots of spare Ukrainian and Russian women, there are Latinas who probably have diseases but are a lot less vindictive than western women. There are other options in life. If I'm going to work hard, I'm going to work hard for something more feasible.
I would hate "modern dating" too.
I met my wife at work. She's a great woman. My life is 10x better with her in it. I know plenty of single women who don't do dating apps or anything.
The white hate is overblown on social media. My wife is Mexican and I'm white. No issues at all and her family loves me. We've been together since 2013 and married since 2016.
I realize that this is all a matter of perspective, though. Before I met my wife, a relationship seemed like an impossibility.
Why do you think people will think you're boring? Do you have any interests? Do you like to joke around with people?
2013
just the year after tinder started. you got lucky, and you need to recognize that. you're not in a position to give advice if you've never personally navigated the current dating market, which you haven't.
I know plenty of single women who don't do dating apps or anything.
But have they NEVER been on a dating app, and never been passed around? Women aren't like men, they have tons of options, so if she's still single past college that is itself a MAJOR red flag.
Good. Don't reproduce.
