what makes people not try?
The certain knowledge that they will not succeed, or will not be allowed to succeed.
if ya cant win, dont try :)
What makes you post An American in Paris?
It's not that your mom is bangable. It's like your mom is hot I'd bang her. She's always complaining about guys like me, and fucking other guys than me. Why do I get a bad wrap for not trying to bang your bangable mom that is pretty bangable?
I mean you'll take it to heart if I explain it to you but ye4 I had windows 8 I'm going to get killed
Learned failure, or lack of belief in oneself. Could also be a nihilistic view, though nihilism is always a pussy excuse
Yeah. I only learned to believe in myself because of Rocket League. Started as the lowest possible rank in 2015, then some time after that I found myself as a Champion. I can do it.
Because of this mentality, I even stopped my stuttering and speech impediment by rehearsing 'rap god' to myself every night for a few weeks.
Avoiding stress to prevent transmarginal inhibition. What makes you a faggot?
For me, it's crippingly low self esteem to the point I consider everyone to automatically be better than me in every field. I cannt fathom someone being worse than me. I am technically good in some things, but the results I get just come from luck, I never hearded anything. I just fake through life.
Dad told me I aspired to be a loser at a young age. Well, fuck him, I guess I am gonna be a loser then.
Apathy or the fear of failure. Literally the only two reasons
Disappoint your dad by becoming succesful instead
It's way way easier than trying
impossible for anyone &lt;???&lt;trying>???> inevitable for you
people usually laugh when they see someone fail at something he is incapable of doing but tries to do anyway
the ones like you who ask this while simultaneously beating down on said people's thus being a hypocritical leech
Their opinion, regardless of accuracy, about how likely their success is. Usually it's informed by past experiences, and can be a self fulfilling prophecy in either direction based on level of effort given (which in turn is motivated by perceived likelihood of success). 
It's why dating apps are so damaging to average guys. It demoralizes them when in actuality they could have dating success irl if they tried
a lifetime of constant failure. i think it's called learned helplessness actually.
to clarify i feel like this. for me it feels like society has taken the carrot off the stick and yet still expects me to chase it.
