you are not special, you are not unique, you live better than most men have lived throughout human history, you have no reason to complain
peak retard
This is the way it should be. We should cull 90% of the bottom men and keep the top 10% of men to reproduce with the rest of the 4 billion women on earth and if they die or can't hack it, well then humanity just wasn't meant to reach the final frontier
There never is any reasons to complain. Complaining is illogical and nonsensical.
There are only 2 things in the world:
1. Things you can change. No need to complain just fucking change them.
2. Things you can not change. No need to complain since you can't do anything about it anyway.
Only the weak need Catharsis.
Ik its bait but whos gonna maintain s o y ciety moron?
Already happening, except for the culling part. Please go reproduce with chad mrs roastie so your offspring can pay for my pension
The women will take all the jobs men have been doing and if society can't hack it then *pause* *sniffs* we weren't meant to make it to Mars
nice slave mentality
Demoralization psyop post. 
Dance to some music or draw on a piece of paper. Have some fun.
sounds peak comfy to me
That wasn't a dating scene. Those were wars and invasions. Unironically a world war happened around that time spreading different language families around Europe and Asia. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Z2Qfot3-HM [Embed]
Dont endure just change the things that annoy you that you can and accept the ones you cant change.
Simple as
If you sneed/cope/mald you become a slave to your emotions not if you act.
Nietzsche fucked the stoics up COMPLETELY. In a single page, no less. Eternally btfo.
Imagine still falling for the 1-in-17 meme (also sometimes presented as 1-in-12) in 20-fucking-23. 
These shitty papers are almost a decade old at this point and were laughed at even at the time.
cope, most men in those days either died in war or were slaves and fucked hookers from time to time, only men with property had wives
Nietzsche 
Nietzsche was a friendzoned beta boy orbiter. He didn't even have the testicles to ask a woman out. muh will to power. pic related completely btfo's Nietzsche eternal recurrently. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lou_Andreas-Salom%C3%A9#R%C3%A9e_and_Nietzsche,_and_later_life
Isn't that the guy who acknowledge that nothing has any meaning? Both his view on this and the thing he shits on is meaningless. But if being a stoic works for someone and it makes him suffer less then all the power to stoicism in that case.
You have to realize people are evil or you don't get it, there is no faith there is evidence, there's even a monopoly on thought and psyche, humans are dark but it's you letting the devil in that does it, war, famine and so on will rage and this board will meme and there's a beautiful evil in that you can't get mad at like you can't get mad at the ocean
even anon meming neetche is just doing that because it's a meme, this world is an illusion over the chaos that caused it and it's all fucked up
but it's just from your sins basically, there's an art to it, madness even
Literally fake. If you actually read the study it does not imply that.
maintainers are not the ones having trouble with women, retard. every society maintainer I know has a wife and/or kids.
You clearly have no clue what you're talking about, so I won't even bother responding.
we're going back to that time period when it comes to mating, thoughever
Nietzsche himself knew that he was no overman... Wagner was an adultering egomaniac, does that make his music less grand? You are just coping and clutching fallen idols. I'm not even a Nietzschean, but even i see the blatant contradictions in stoicism. If you are keen on making yourself a philosopher, try... maybe reading more philosophy than the lowest common denominator bargain bin paperback leaflet.
You have a middle-schooler's understandingmof Nietzsche. By "God is dead and we killed him", Nietzsche talks about how the secularisation of society in the Enlightenment has made it incredibly fragmented and people are now left without any greater purpose to latch on to. This was first introduced by Schopenhauer, and you basically have 2 ways of coping now that the religous zeitgeist is permanently murdered - you go the Nietzsche, existentialist route, where you become the idol, or you go the Kierkegaard route, where you employ religion at a completely personal, idealistic and non-structured level (leap of faith). The Stoics were as much larpers as the people mimicking them are in the present. They just adopt societal norms and pretend it's some liberation to chain yourself down. Living according to nature my ass. To me, the Stoics are perfectly encapsulated in one passage by Epictetus, one of the three big Stoics. He was a literal shit eating slave his entire life, but in one excerpt he writes "umm i may be an actual malnourished literal slave, BUT ACTUALLY!!! the rich guys in rome who live like the emperor are the ACTUAL slaves, because they can't control their urges as well as me." Lmao. LITERAL slave morality. Socrates fucking killed the ancient Hellenic spirit.
This, do you tell a poor child in the US who missed a meal in the US that he should be grateful because there are children starving to death in Africa to cheer him up? Fucking retard
That's only because men's IQ has dropped below what it was back then.
You wouldn't be posting in this place if you were the ubermensch.
If you read nietzsche you'd know the first thing he tells you is that "YOU are not the ubermensch and never will be." Why do you project your desire to feel superior onto me? I just read philosophy because i enjoy it a lot, unlike you, who starts preaching to others because he saw a youtube video about Stoicism once. Seriously, you should've outgrown your Stoic phase in junior high. I know i told you to read more philosophy, but seeing as you read my post and somehow discerned from it that i am a Nietzschean, i think "The Very Hungry Catterpillar" would be more your speed. :)
He was speaking to his audience of the time. To them, we would be supermen. We have telepathic messengers and bigger penises.
Even if you are trolling, the fact that this idea is perpetuated from so called naturalists is fucking stupid. Yeah, lets just ignore the fact that the bottom 90% of women also are dysgenic and carry genes that shouldnt be passed on. Whenever this topic is brought up these pseudo-eugenicists always target dysgenic men but never dysgenic women, as if just because a women can give birth she should. No, retard, thats not how it works. Top-tier men should only breed top-tier women, the fact OPs pic has been going on for hundreds of generations, yet there are still ugly and dysgenic men and women, only proves this. Dysgenic women get a pass because even top-tier men dont have standards. Why should a short, sickly, women with a genetic disease tarnish chads seed? We obviously have never gotten anywhere with this 
bullshit, because we arent a society of chads and stacies. Either you go all out and only breed the best of both genders or you just end up right back where you began because you were too much of a simp.
i vill konplin
To add onto this, even culling the bottom 90% of both genders wouldn't work, because fathers can pass on traits to their daughters, and mothers can pass them onto their sons. Traits that are super attractive on a man can be extremely ugly on a woman, and they can pass through the sexes with little issue.
Broad hips are very attractive on women, but on a man they make him look effeminate and weak.
A man with a strong jawline will make women weak in the knees from horniness, but a woman with a strong jawline will make men weak in the knees from nausea and/or laughter.
A face with soft, effeminate features makes a woman beautiful, but makes a man babyfaced.
Some women may like men with a lot of body hair, but very few men would want an extremely hairy woman.
The closest you could do would be to forcefully pair Chads off with masculine-looking tomboys to produce very masculine sons, and Stacies off with effeminate-looking femboys to produce very effeminate daughters, and then selectively terminate any pregnancies of the wrong gender. But that'd only work for one generation, and most parents also take very poorly to you killing their children.
Women have life so damn easy it isn't fair.
You could just terminate 90% of men and get the best result.
I watch da porno dukdukduk
It's because men are the drivers of sexual selection across most species. 
Male = low resource investment in gametes = sperm
Female = high resource investments in gametes = egg
Which is why we define all sorts of weird shit like trees or snails as "male" or "female". 
This is a recurring pattern across biological life and our culture developed to accommodate it.
This a thousand times. Pseudo-eugenicist exclusively shitting on men derserve the rope.
Dont hormones take care of this problem? Even if a women gets the strong jawed gen, if she doesnt have hormone problems like so many women do today, it wont progress into a manjaw. Same with sons, in fact both sexes today are fucked up hormonally from microplastics and birth control in the water.
U vill hav nothink und u vill be happy!
