Being an ugly male is the worst feeling in the world
Well imagine being an ugly woman and constantly reading posts about men being willing to date any girl only for them to be Stacey only yet again.
you are probably beautiful on the inside
ugly girls suffer 10000000x more than ugly men
i agree you are very ugly and should rope
Men lower their standards more than women do, because its quite literally a fact that men get less attention than women.
so fvcking trve
https://youtu.be/Ggm4nUSxtTY [Embed]
it's worse when you're attractive but autistic because then you feel like a complete failure, at least you have something to blame your loneliness on
i wont generalize overall but the country where i come from, being an unattractive girl amongst other stunning girls was quite literally hell. until i had a "glow up" or should i say learnt how to do my makeup, i was saving up for plastic surgery and too scared to look at my reflection. having to look at myself gave me genuine anxiety and it never went away ig cause i still mostly go out with a face mask on and people always hate it but its just too hard without
once again, at least in my country, ugly men are given a chance if they have a personality but the same really can't be said for girls because no one would really care for a girls personality (as further proven by this site)
You are probably a loser. Why did you waste your opportunities?
I've seen guys simp for even the most ugliest troglodyte female.
as a male youre not even expected to look good. your power is supposed to come from other places. looking nice is great and its a big plus, but ive known lots of ugly guys who smelled like shit that got women and found lots of success and happiness in life. 
the only reason men now care so much about what they look like now is bc the internet and pop culture
Bullshit. Thousands of guys would still go for you, regardless of how ugly you are - and you're probably not ugly at all because all women say they're ugly when they're not in order to get reassurance that they're not.
Ugly guys have to actually put in effort to finding a partner - trying to looking decent, having money, living independently, being charsmatic, being interesting, being funny, being confident, etc. 
Women don't have to do any of these things other than looking decent and pretending to give a shit about what the guy is saying.
those are solo activities so nothing is stopping you, nigger retard
