Age: 23
Height: 6'0"
Weight: ~ 190 lbs
Race: White
Hair: Blonde
Eyes: Brown
Virgin: Yes
Occupation: Student, graduating soon with two majors Physics and Philosophy, and two minors in Spanish and Classical Studies. Will probably pursue an MBA in the fall.
Interests: Too many to name (not to sound like a pseud, I feel like I'm just being honest). I like reading about/learning a lot of different things like languages, history, literature, drama, philosophy, or art. I like painting, caligraphy, and sometimes photography. I like playing my Saxophone, mostly Jazz, I've tried making digitial music sometimes but I'm not very good at it. I like things that involve Physics, especially Applied Physics, like astronomy or model rocketry. I do enjoy cooking, mostly mediterrenean food (it tastes so good).
I've never had a girlfriend or my first kiss before. But I promise that I will be a great boyfriend.
You sound like a decent and respectable person anon. Why are you here?
Because I'm a kissless virgin who's never had a girlfriend. Dating apps are a lot of BS. I just want a sweet and intelligent girl who I can make feel loved and wanted.
dude you're fucking braindead if you think any sweet and intelligent girls browse /r9k/
fuck off fag and don't post this bullshit again
This one is interesting, mainly becouse I, as a 196cm 100kg white blonde green-eyed male student, can relate. 
Purely out of curiosity, what's your MBTI type anon?
I want a girlfriend that does this
I've never talked to any of the girls here so I didn't know. I think it's still worth asking. I also thought girls here would be inexperienced with relationships like me.
Idk, I think MBTI isn't really valid except for the first part (introversion vs extroversion). I'm probably an ambivert.
you are too eloquent to be playing basketball bro
Thought patterns. It's kinda useful in finding asocial cunts, that's why I've asked. You're pretty much in the same scenario as me, just a tad bit older than me. I can't start a romantic relationship with a woman in any way, despite having female friends that is. The closest thing yet was a hug, and obviously, it was non-romantic. When I start doing romantic stuff women get weirded out, and I can see that they're weirded out, so I get anxious. I am physically incapable of understanding how romance is supposed to work.
What are you talking about? I enjoy playing tennis.
I just want a sweet girl to make feel special
I've have female friends too. But never had a girlfriend.
Ok, so we can conclude that we are, more or less, in a similiar scenario. Now I can give you some advice. Don't look for women on /r9k/. Don't look for them on 4chan. Best advice would be trying to make relationships with people you know that you won't care about in the long run, as a way to practice. That's at least what I would do if I wasn't such a lazy fuck.
Screeched the narcissist
I certainly hope I am not a narcissistic or come off as one. What I mean is I will try my best to be a great boyfriend. I didn't mean to imply I was hot sh*t or anything.
Hello Anon, it sounds good so far ... but to say it honest (and no offense intended) this application somehow has the serial-killer-vibes. I can't directly say why, it just has something spooky ...
Extreme overachiever, which is a major redflag. You most likely have severe issues that you are running away from instead of dealing with. You would make a terrible boyfriend. Hard pass.
Every man who says this are always the worst boyfriends.
post your music, this is important.
it's very cute that you never kissed
Why are you samefagging? Not the first time I've seen these 2 posts.
I could play for you sometime
Race: White 
Very nice
Hair: Blonde 
Very nice
Eyes: Brown 
Very nice
Virgin: Yes 
Very nice
Disgusting. You had a perfectly good boy and then you ruined it. Tall AND old. Very disheartening. Virgin white boys are supposed to be cute smol teenagers
