Anons here usually fixate on looks, and sometimes on status/money too. However, personalitymaxxing unironically works. Most especially because most anons here have, no offence, terrible overall personalities. The main problem I see is that anons are bitter, reasonably so, despite having other redeeming qualities. If you force yourself to be less bitter, loosen up, and grind up your social skills, especially by talking to women, I promise you you'll be way better off. No one deserves to be alone
How do you get women on discord to talk with in the first place?
I tried using /soc/ to talk to girls on discord and got about 12 girls who added me and talked to me but in all cases the conversation quickly died.
Also I'll add that I've had girlfriends before.
But I haven't had one in a long time and have been a shut-in since maybe 7 years ago.
Also I wasn't trying to date these discord /soc/ girls and didn't send them a picture of myself or anything.
I just really don't know how to talk to people outside of the people I remotely talk to for my job.
I'm older than you, have done exactly that and it made me even more bitter. Interacting with women is the most blackpilling experience there is. Getting friendzoned, seeing how they try to manipulate you, how much they obsess over height/face/dark triad, how they keep getting played by Chads while at the same time playing simps. I went from not being able to look women in the eyes to being able to talk to them perfectly fine, now they constantly talk to me but I am fucking sick of their bullshit and try to avoid them as much as possible
i'm 28 is it too late to confidencemaxx? seriously asking i'm in a bad state anons :/
I completely agree that personalitymaxxing is the best. if you're confident, dominant, smart, and funny you have a good shot with me
t. femoid
Shut up nigger lole XD
Never too late. It is your life to live and as soon as you take control of that and build your confidence, your outlook on life improves and youll even see the mundane as something to enjoy. Its your time and you should live it. The process of building confidence is a painful one at times, but youll learn to love it. Good luck!
How do you do this? And how do you keep them talking without asking how the weather is or how they're doing and then kind of just running out of ideas for what to say?
Totally agree with you OP. Personality, and taking care of one matters as much as genetics and looks.
Incels will disagree, but there are many Chads that go to gym and take care of their appearance AND have good genetics.
But there are no Chads who have bad genetics. A short chinlet will never ever be Chad
can you expand on overcoming anxiety and self hatred? that's a big thing I struggle with but "talk to women on discord" hasn't really helped on that front. I can now talk to women on discord but irl is still the same.
I agree with you. what I have learn about women is you must never ever be edgy around them, no matter how alt, sadgrls are themselves talk about suicide or schizo shit with them and is just fucking over. this is a difficult thing for me since i've always been edgy. but yeah, never make self deprecating jokes, talk passionetely about how much you hate the world, gore and suicide, that kind of stuff is to be hidden from women. trust me anons, no matter how sanrio bpdemon gyal she is you have to hide your schizo level
How did you even figure out how to talk to them on discord?
I can't even get that level of talking with women to work and I've had girlfriends and sex before. But it's literally impossible to keep a conversation going with a discord girl from /soc/ for more than like 1 hour. How do people come up with things to say?
