do guys not like girls with adhd?
No they're cool. Well depends on to what extent they have adhd. I've got adhd just not too bad.
Not only do I like them, I actually prefer those aloof energetic girls. They tend to be fun to be around
what if they're not cool and energetic but stupid, annoying, lazy and unhygienic?
I don't care about a woman's mental illness so long as she's tolerable and isn't doped up on pills 24/7.
Eh that's all too subjective. I've yet to meet one who is any of those things you mentioned. Still if I ever got close to a girl like that I'd want to take care of her and help with her difficulties, not shame for being herself
i hope you're lying otherwise you need better standards
Mental illness breeds mental illness, I'd want a healthy woman to become the mother of my child. Regardless, I am mentally ill as well and have no intention on continuing my lineage, so it doesn't matter in my case.
you sound like a good person based off of this singular post, anon
you need better standards
We're on r9k what did you expect. Also don't be so harsh on yourself, you can find love too
Adhd is not even noticeable.
As long as i dont run the risk of getting murdered, i can have a conversation with her and she isnt on drugs its fine
Girls with ADHD and autism annoy me. Energetic shit pisses me off and makes me even more moody and grumpy
Girls with ADHD and autism annoy me
Kill yourself faggot
Like 40% of young women in urban areas, basically 80% of people are symptomatic and just don't ask for a diagnosis, practically standard at this point
I have a bit of dislike towards people that can't do work and blame other factors, probably more prominent here, but I don't think I'm really in the majority there. As long as someone can focus enough to have conversations with me and aren't half conscious on depressants all the time, they're good enough, adhd isn't a big issue in zoomer world
me being in a relationship is not an ethical decision 
how'd you figure this out? 
adhd (among other things admittedly) ruined my life
in my experience girls with adhd tend to become the village bicycle so no.
do guys not like girls with adhd?
Absolutely not. Fuck yourself.
me being in a relationship is not an ethical decision
Ethics mean shit especially regarding relationships and you know it. Make a guy fall for you an if he starts showing signals he's dissatisfied make sure you break up first so he feels like it's his fault, rinse and repeat
why?
why would i do that
Mental illness is not real in women. literally no foid has it. all of you are fake diagnosed because male doctors can't understand that women have personalities.
