/aiwg/ edition
https://waifus.nemusona.com/
Previous thread >>73108452 →
The disco is beginning as I was once again allowed to connect to civitai
the AI seems to enjoy giving her two layers of jackets
space disco orb
I lied. ONE of the lora won't work, so now I gotta troubleshoot which one
I just avoided them all together. Am to retarb to figure out how they work :/ But if I remember correctly wont the logs in the colab show which one fail to work?
maybe if I wasn't a retard I'd know where to look. Luckily, it was the second one so it didn't take too long. Still trying to get a good first gen though, so have a room.
woaw very comfy. Imagine chilling there during the holidays
ignore the hands, they don't get better with this prompt
she's such a fun victim
O wait I didnt realise it was you Eleanor anon. I dedicate this backless dress gen to you
erm, why would I make horny content.... that's not like me...
kino
I feel like I can't go back to nemu after getting a taste of the colab AI :/
I still use nemu for simple ones while I mess around trying to get a theme going on colab. This is literally just the name of a band I like who are dropping a new album in an hour
backless AND partially submerged. Side note: don't think I've ever seen her in green before :0
Ah I see. Nemu went a little crazy yesterday, Anything and Counterfeit were at 56, AOM was around 38
Side note: Mind sharing the name of the band? Always down to check out new music :))
Come join me anon, the water's really warm :)
Why her eyes so shiny?
Thanks for putting my waifu in this anon
I tried to get the AI to figure out the flag you sometimes see on the back of samurai, but it couldn't really give me what I wanted. So here's one last samurai Hana before I move on. Perhaps I'll try to make her playing a shamisen?
her eyes lit up because she saw you :>
yeah that would be pretty cool! Waifu enka ensemble :O
I started with a biwa because it's got more tagged posts on the booru; damn that was easy lol. It doesn't really look like a biwa, more like a European lute so I'll do a bit more.
What would each waifu play?
huh kinda reminds me of this album cover
I tried giving Nicole a koto, it keeps giving her a stick instead :/
"Holding Biwa"
"Holding beer?"
That looks excellent! I wonder how many instruments the AI knows?
Got distracted by honkai star rail and failing to make ear s.. work
Side note: Mind sharing the name of the band? Always down to check out new music :))
Hotel of the Laughing Tree
Unfortunately a lot of them came out looking like mangled guitars. I did get a few more normal ones doe like pic rel albeit without any instruments
Thanks! I'll check them out after work :)) That's an exquisite back btw :O
mangled guitars
That's what I'm getting with these shamisens. Great outfit btw
heh the AI just accidentally gave you the Gittler guitar (if I remember the name correctly)
very original pic rel
Maybe I should name her Jackie
Eleanor for the fancy, Jackie for the horni
And so I find myself in the company of mine own brethren.
A fellow guitarist perchance?
A guitar? Why not!
the /aiwg/ Long Black Hair trio
"Shakuhachi" doesn't really work but "wood flute" isn't much better.
Y-Yeah! That's what I wanted the whole time!
tfw instrumentlet
nice dubs. They look an awful lot like bread, and girl on left looks an awful lot like she's gonna take a bite
*hits pipe weed*
"There is nothing more cucked than having a 3d gf"
Edible instruments? Not a bad idea. Great results btw.
Had a lot of bad ones and am genning slow because of honkai
can't wait for the day when the AI can finally gen full body without making the face slightly weird
woa that scenery, imagine being lost in the woods and stumbling upon this fair maiden of the lake, the soft tone of her flute reeling you in. She comforts you, saying how tired you must have been and offers a stop of comfort on her lap and you drift into a quiet slumber as sundown approaches
sexo
Goodmorning aiwg 
Time to play a game of remembering what I posted and what not.
she got an audience
morning Asci :))
is she perhaps an exhibitionist?
((watercolor (medium)), warm lighting
such a comfy combo
I'm liking where this one's going!
Stop making me want things that aren't real anon.
good morning!
is she perhaps an exhibitionist?
I haven't decided if she actually wants any of this desu
we can all dream a little
POV: you are on a date with your waifu on a Sunday night. You roam about the streets with her, talking about nothing and having a good time. She takes a few strides in front of you and turns around, flashing a simple smile. At that instant, everything seemed to slow down. The dim lights of the shop lots reflected in her sparkling eyes, the coldness of the air turning her cheeks red, her hair fluttering in the small breeze.
"Anon, I really had fun to day :)"
sorry for being too schizo, I'll go back to the hats now
Sometimes I want to wake up as Asci
Good morning with a Goa in another generator (from the links in the last thread)
And here is Goa by the other link of the two from the last thread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpJVylGN1gY [Embed]
Goa mornin :))
And then the usual nemuGoa
Nemu is best
I bet I'd be happier as Eleanor
Id ask either of you ad fellow waifufags to help a bro out and let me grope some breasts so I have some degree of knowledge on how grabbing some tits feels like, maybe it'd help me calm down a little about boobs
good song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdQ00G4CkQQ [Embed]
I hear a clap clap clap clap
sexy back
sexy back
booty in the water
"Get them tiddies out already"
ah yes the singularity
nice vibe, great summer day
lmao, I made a maid horse somehow
plot twist, it's 2 maids but one of them is an enormous ass slut of a cosmical degree
Id ask either of you ad fellow waifufags to help a bro out and let me grope some breasts so I have some degree of knowledge on how grabbing some tits feels like, maybe it'd help me calm down a little about boobs
only if you do this to me
Sure, though if it was not the waifuverse that would probably be some degrees lethal
Unless there would be some kind of designated sex capable ear hole added as a bonus onto the waifu, then I'd want to test it out, new hole knowledge
Or if it would be straight up scrambling brain matter with the pp I'd still do it, they say brains have the consistency of a jiggly slimy mushroom and that sounds like it'd feel good against the cock
 Id ask either of you ad fellow waifufags to help a bro out and let me grope some breasts so I have some degree of knowledge on how grabbing some tits feels like, maybe it'd help me calm down a little about boobs
"Hold on let me dye my hair in pink"
there's medical vids on youtube with doctors just casually handling a fresh brain, it does look pretty jiggly.
I don't mind getting lobotomized, want to die anyway. though find a way for it to get in without a problem so that it can actually reach that point
"I'll take this change of hair color as consent to a lot of things"
Yeah, not to mention all other kinds of videos that also look very jiggly
Like hand expressing milk and breast massage tutorials for lactating breasts that aid and increase milk flow
cock lobotomy
What if it ends up causing some degrees of mental retardation instead of actual death? Would you live on as a lobotomized waifu?
hat flower
gens flower in background
hat feather
gens feather in background
try hat breasts
I have no pictures left
unfortunately this was all I got. No booba hat for you :((
Goa, spines don't work that way
"I know"
You good?
"No"
Aw
rip to boobas in the background
Looking for river treasures with a metal detector with Asci
Goa added red to her already light outfit so she has some razzle dazzle going on with nipple exposure
It was dazzle camo enough for me to forget to post it
summertime Nicole (it is eternal summer in my country its so hot im dying im dying im dying im dying)
the only pictures I have left are for personal use... which I'm going to go do and then sleep. take care aiwg
Nighty night, happy fappings
I envy you, we have like 3-4 proper summer months in my country
nighto Eleanor :)
I wish I had other seasons than permanent summer :&lt; Nothing instantly kills my day than waking up looking out the window and its bright as fuck and my room feels like an oven
Goodnighty night
"Asci let me lick your armpits"
Those are some nice pants though
Winter stomps my balls like no other season, I absolutely hate it
sweet flowers, are those Nymphaea?
no idea what those are but I bet they smell nice, I just put ((flowery background)) and those were what it gave me
Why shaved men legs are weird? Why men is considered submissive weak just because they hate bodyhair? I mean I am gay but not because I hate hair, I just like men as much as women. Hair is ugly and make you sweat harder. Hair is falling off and everywhere. I hate hair so much
I got vagina out of nowhere
Thank you Goa very cool
she looks upset, whats wrong goa?
"My hand and wing fused together by accident"
I don't think they're weird, but it depends on the context of them. In general shaving bodyhair is associated in being gay, but there are exceptions, like swimmers, divers, cyclist etc. Once again it's the basic thing of doing X is seen as weird unless there is some reason to justify X then it suddenly is not longer weird. Society loves that
Anyways if you were to have the gay homosex would you do it with a hairy buff dadbod muscleman or a shaved soft smooth girly twink?
If hairy buff dadbod muscleman wasn't hairy then I would choose him, but I this situation I choose a twink
Nicole observes the hornispeak while getting drunk
how about your stand on pubes, both sexes
I did not ask for them, but they were given to me
Goa feet
she does look like she's listening in on the interesting conversations
Don't like them, destroying mine regularly
I wrote this because my dad again was so sad that I shaving my body. My dad is cool and nice I love him, but his conservative world vision sometimes makes me sad and then I make him sad and I don't want him sad and because of that I'm sad
I myself have mixed feelings about them, in general I was against them for a long time but now not so much, but only on 2d stuff, 3d hair is still gross, and yeah I like my gay prons without any body hair whenever I venture off to those areas in my quest for not becoming tired of porn in general after jerking it daily for so many years
Still though feels like I need to be an extra step horny to really go for hairy pussies and anal hair on even 2d women, rather than it being any kind of a norm, and body hair on traps etc breaks the illusion just as bad as the shoulders and faces do, and generally is never there in 2d because 2d superiority
Honestly I am loosing my ability to be properly attracted to 3d at a steady pace, I was always a 2d-fag but lately even supposedly 10/10 women and traps and porn just look 2 to 4/10's to me, even with somewhat hot bodies the faces are just unpleasant to look at
Just keep doing it, at some point he stops caring after it has become the norm and part of daily life, my father used to give me weird looks for trimming my pubes and armpit hair whenever it got too long for my liking but after doing it for years he no longer even takes notice of it happening
And now Goa is smug about being superior to 3d women as a whole
Her hands aren't actually playing the instrument
fuck
Goa is so cute in this image holy ballsacks
It kinda looks like she's smoking one of those long japanese pipes, kiseru
hana piping da boof
Signature look of superiority
originality
it gave her the booba
Look at those glorious big ol breasts
Trying to get her to hold the flute like a normal person. It's not going well lol.
Yeah it does lol
Would Nicole pass the blunt?
kek now she's holding it like a sword
The face of "it gave me breasts as well but they are so much more smaller compared to hers"
don't worry goa as a wise man said:
big tits fill a man's hand, small tits fill a mans heart
"Honey gen me with massive titties..."
Ok I'll give it a try
Here they are, Goas massive tits
Enjoy them as long as they last, once I getback2genning she'll be back to normal
got to do a few things
Excellent hand
Holding what appears to be a dish of some sort
fuck
There was this one famous samurai who got so good with his sword that he eventually started using an oar in duels just to keep it interesting. She's like that, but with a big horn lol.
Remember that a booba are beautiful, big and small!
I'm eating breakfast like a bodybuilder, a whole pack of bacon, 2 eggs and a toast soaked up in all the fat left behind by the bacon and fried up
No matter the size or shape, the best boobas are the ones that you're allowed to play with
And when you're not allowed to play with any you cry
This is a good one!
Toast and eggs
One of my favorites. Did you let the yolks stay gooey? 
And when you're not allowed to play with any you cry
I have never been able to play with boobs before, and I can confirm a do a lot of crying.
Very nice scenery
Was not sure how old or fresh the eggs were so did not make them as gooey as i normally like them, normally I like a good liquid yolk, be the egg poached, boiled or sunny side up. My favorite type is poached.
Sometimes I even eat eggs raw just for the yolk, liquid yolk is so good, especially if warm, it is almost sexual of a feeling to drink it
Goa, why do you look so weary and tired?
"I just finished humping the heck out of this pillow"
Oh
"Look how raw my insides look because of how hard I was going at it"
The room sure smells like you were more than a little pent up
"Sorry..."
Lowering the cfg is helping.
Wow, you're a real eggchad. For me, it's fried eggs but they're good in any form. I was going to say that I don't eat raw eggs but I also like cookie dough and tiramisu and sometimes I'll stir an egg into fried rice. The creaminess really can't be beat.
extra image, Goa is horny and shares this information by showing her moist crotch to you like so
now it looks real nice, good garden
Another neat raw egg hack is mixing one into instant noodles after they are done, so that it does not cook but does make the broth creamy
Does not work on all flavors, but for me any chicken noodles and vegetable noodles work
Goa was too horny to make it in time into the post before i hit send
Hi, participating in the convers-egg-tion
I love me some omurice
I want her to fly me to the moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ixi0sUpLVRc [Embed]
Nicole on the mountains (Ancient Japan)
Nicole on the mountains (modern day)
thread seems awfully quiet now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pPb5fmumNo [Embed]
another white hair one
I have never had omurice but it's something i am thinking of doing at some point
And let me play with your ass
nice mountains
the ghost nicole
This one's my favorite one, I am sucker for watercolor backgrounds
Here let me contribute to the thread with a horror result while genning new images
I find watercolor artworks very comforting, at this point I have the tag in all my gens
Yeah it's a pretty great prompt all around
The anatomy is a bit wonky, but cool picture none the less
I should use aom more
pose
the pose of 
pose
blonde Nicole?
goa showcasing her fire magic and sick ass wings
Day at the beach with my waifu
Why do i instantly feel like it's way easier to have sex with blonde nicole than it is with dark haired nicole?
Your waifu has a nice ass
original Goa noises
hmm black hair Nicole definitely gives me more dominant vibes. Just look at her smile, she knows she's on top
I put goa in a dress again
revisiting a few older prompts, tried to make her a samurai. Task succeded + cool wolf thing that appeared on its own
Thank god it didnt fuck up her hand holding the katana or it wouldve ruined the whole thing
goa's tea party outfit perhaps
I think she thinks it's casual wear
cool pet
Nicole little sister?
Thank you, she works hard for it.
Oops, I meant to post this image too.
working hard, to make things hard
It's the circle of life
"Hello good evening I was told that you have a little sister and I was told to go do white haired little girl stuff with the new little sister so I am here to do your little sister"
Now I am imagining her doing Yoga
On the beach
Goas lap is where I want my head to be at
"No you may NOT talk to my sister. >:("
very squishy thighs
Hello Goa how was your day
"I got banned from speaking with Nicoles little sister"
Yeah
Also this is how she dresses at home
erotic back and possibility of the titties being freed
this is a very nice image, great little goa tiddies
I was actually just thinking the same thing.
imagine her breasts lolling around and moving fluidly as she moves
very squishy looking blob blob blob
I absolutely am imaginig that.
As I warm up the sauna for myself, I think to myself, that man, if there were ever to happen any gay stuff, sauna would be a prime place for it to take place. You go in there with a male friend, both naked, room i sweaty and steamy, stuff might happen.
Then I realize that you can also fantasize about going to the sauna with a female friend, and straight stuff can happen, it's wet and steamy and you are both naked
Then I realize that I will always sauna alone and have no frens let alone anyone to fuck, and now the sauna feels depressing. I am still going to enjoy it though but also seethe about not getting to have pervy sauna experiences with anyone
Also anything is all clogged up again, rip to genning a good sauna Goa image, aom does not grasp the idea of sauna that well, I wanted Goa relaxing in the steam and benches, and instead got some kind of an embarrassed little goblin
Oh, counterweight might know what a sauna is
also this is very lewd for a counterweight
Goa prepares to enter the sauna by undressing
goa cute expressions
Am image of "If Goa had any sense of modesty and you walked in on her undressing by accident"
Or something, it's a cute image
cute smile
Goa got so dizzy in the sauna she had to sit down on the floor after she got out
covers up when walking in on her undressing
is normally half naked anyways
goa style
uuuu cute
Love those bedroom eyes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iN4vpQ5_xA [Embed]
holy shit am I gay or smthg how have I not genned her in a red dress yet
I like your thinking. I like the outcome.
Goa tried it as well and, well i guess it counts as a red dress, technically
godam this image looks so uplifting
all aboard the red dress train
Spooky vampiric wrenches that will eat you
I'm a big fan of the red dresses. It's hot as fuck.
whew that exposed thigh
colab needs a restart detour to beach instead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fsfbq_tllbk [Embed]
The result of me forgetting to include blonde and red eyes as prompts when genning Saeriah wearing a red dress.
Hello /aiwg/ friends
Which settings (lora, model, etc) do you use on waifu colab to achieve this?
I just use the pastel dreams model and the one vae url thing included in the rentry. I dont really get how all it works so I kept it minimal, no lora stuff involved
welcome back btw :))
alrighty
https://youtu.be/bOHZLDWkbyM [Embed]
https://youtu.be/V9XmVuyzFjs [Embed]
love the guitar playing in this song :0
guess I'll just finish of the thread. New one incoming
behold the thread of new
ty anon, I like your waifu
solid 9/10
