Coworker was bragging about his new gf and how wonderful it is fully knowing I'm an incel because I've explained it to him, yet he's oblivious too what he's doing or he's a cunt doing it on purpose. Makes me wonder why normalfags feel the need to tell the world they have a gf
Sorry man, but I'm trying to understand your feel. I've been shamed myself by couples but I don't care. I just enjoy my own life. Normies want validation but I don't understand how a relationship is supposed to be a source of happiness.
same reason why so many people eat meat, and roll their eyes at animal suffering
they love easy punching bags and punching down, and you are a easy victim
Normies tend to be very passive aggressive and will often vent dark triad behavior in passive ways. There's a high chance he just wanted to flex on you under the guise of simply being happy to talk about his new gf
We have weirdos bragging about their GFs and sex lives here and you think normalfags wont do that. Yikes!
Normalfags are cunts. Didn't you know this already?
Though I seemed to avoid being tarred with the incel brush in that one horrible year that I wage-cucked, one cocksucker I worked with was always boasting about how great his life was. He was two months younger than me, had a wife and two kids and I think he even owned his home. Of course, he came from a very tight ethnic culture where they set each other up for life and arrange submissive pussy for them to serve as baby machines. Fucker was also over six feet and still had his own hair. In the mean time, I was still picking up the pieces from the sudden death of my mother and realising I was autistic and therefore could never deal with normies without sperging out. Though he and I were able to fake an office friendship, I was glad to get the fuck out of there.
Why don't you get a gf too?
Sometimes I feel like he's trying to get on my nerves because we're both pretty young but I just happen to be a bit older than him it's like he's showing off that a person with less experience in life is getting further I guess he's an alright guy when he's not bragging about his shit. I mean I guess he's alright when he's not bragging but I just need some advice on the situation
Because I'm a fucking loser, do you think I picked the lifestyle of just working to only buy shit I don't need. If I had the looks for it I would totally get a gf but I was born an ugly cunt and because of that I'm basically made to die alone. I missed out on early teen romance there's no point I'm socially stunted and all the girls at work think I'm a loser as well
Yeah, sounds pretty similar to my situation.
All I could do was fake friendliness (which he was also good at), but keep focus on the work. 
When he boasted, I'd give the minimal response to maintain politeness.
Just keep it to shit like 'Oh, yeah?' and 'Cool', then change the subject.
Best thing is to try to find a subject you both like and lean heavily into it. Then keep distracting him with it.
That is, if you cannot escape being right next to this fucker all day. I was in an office, but maybe you can avoid him easier.
Normalfags are basically animals. They dont think about the things they say and who they are saying them to. Hating a normalfag is like hating a tornado. Yes its destructive, yes it is uncaring, but it is just a force of nature. Expending too much thought on their behalf is just a waste of time because they are not capable of introspection
Because having a girlfriend is a big part of your life. Some people actually care about intimacy and relationships.
You're probably just a loser. I have seen ugly guys with girlfriends.
Difference is it's not my fault because I understand I'm a loser I just don't know how I try to be a nice guy but I guess looks make it come off as creepy
Nobody said it was your fault, insecure whore. If you want a girlfriend, go meet some girls.
What for all they're gonna do is reject me because they only want high value men like what the fuck am I supposed to do
Wow, that's extremely toxic. I hope you are single.
This nigga outing himself as a 'jak
Trust. He been 'jakkin, and bussin.
What part of that was toxic? Defeatist attitude? or saying women only want high value men?
literally me. i for some reason wish i could say it when my coworkers ask "why are you still virgin anon?"
why? idk i'm just a loser, it's not like them would date me so why are they even asking?
