I turned 18 a few days ago and I can finally buy a shotgun so I can kms. I dont want to go through high school part two and get a chemistry degree or even become the pharmacist I wanted to be just to still be the same fucking loser no one took seriously. I dont want to stay here just to be the equivalent of a jester. I just want to be at peace or loved by someone but I am smart enough to know that will never happen
Yea stfu.
Everyone wants to suicide.
I wanted to suicide since high school.
Mid 20s.
Still a faggot loser.
Self improving out of sheer boredom and know I'll never kms.
Go to school, get a degree in something that makes money that you totally won't hate, smoke weed occasionally, and embrace solitude.
Suicide is useless, there are countless things to forget about "love".
I think I'm going to kms, then I go to bed, and realize, there's a million shit to do, and schizo fucks me, but suicide is extremely boring.
At least put you're a fembot in OP so you can get more (you)s.
A lot of men are losers, that no one takes seriously.
How about you fall in love with guns, and hit the gym.
The Jews want you to kill yourself.
Live out of spite.
LOL! Always remember, no one loves you and it only gets worse, anon! &lt;3 You could just hang yourself, you know, it's a lot cheaper and easier. But I get it, you're way too much of a pussy. It won't even hurt that much, and soon you'll be in the anime-girl dimension!
Continuevto live, anon
Why do you need to tell r9k you're going to kill yourself instead of just killing yourself straight away? It would be way faster, anon.
this guy jerks off to Camus audiotapes, I like it
Most likely attentionfag but if you're serious I hope you have your ideal afterlife. I wanna kms too but no gun and too pussy
Recently I've come to realize I want to live
Sounds like you're just coping and finding random reasons not kill yourself because you know you wouldn't be able to do it
Uni is not hs part 2. Not saying it's the greatest thing ever, etc., but it's not hs.
I swear whenever that guy does that dumb dog face I crack up everytiem.
See you on the other side, if there is one.
