I mean, just look at picrel. Pretty much sums up the entire situation perfectly.
because incels and femcels want to wallow in their own sorrow more than they want to improve their life
Because self-proclaimed """femcels""" don't actually want to date any guy but those who are light years out of her league. Actual femcels who have horrific deformities and severe intellectual disabilities/mental illness might date an incel but they're not easy to find.
why are femcels so out of reach &amp; unattainable to incels?
Because they don't exist. All women who claim to be "femcels" are used up roast beef whores who want easy attention and validation from stangers online.
me on the right but without hair
Women complain that their options aren't good enough, men complain about having no options.
me on the right but a short bald dethnic
Because femcels learned to be happy on their own, unlike incels who just can't overcome their obsession with sex and romance. Femcels are just superior and more stoic.
Incels can't get women.
"Femcels" are actually just regular women.
Case closed.
This >>73114001 is the best answer 
short and to the point 
100% truth
Cope, incels can date fat and ugly or third world women but you refuse. Not only that, but you dont even attempt online dating despite never leaving the house then cry about how lonely you are. No such thing as incels, only picky volcels.
just grow taller and reconfigure you facial geometry bro!
least retarded improover
incels can date fat and ugly
Not true at all. If they can, then they're volcels.
third world women
If you can afford to/can feasibly SEAmaxx then you unbecome an incel, yeah.
incels can date fat and ugly
They are on dating apps getting thousands of matches with Chads
or third world women
Yes let me fly myself to the third world to purchase a bride with all that money I don't have
you dont even attempt online dating
Most guys realize they are incels after a soul crushing lack of success both online and irl
Because virgin women are desirable and virgin men are the opposite
The other side (you may not notice it so much from your perspective) is that, when you come here as a female, and just talk about your life experiences, you're constantly called a roastie, slut, whore, retard and chad-only-bitch. Every femanon who decides to stay at this board, has to just get used to endless ongoing insults. And + that the "women enjoy rape" stuff. It can feel like not being valued so much sometimes ...
Why are femcels so out of reach &amp; unattainable to incels
Because you deserve it tbqh
passportmaxxing
You are but a child compared to me. Going abroad to fuck ethnic pussy is a practice as old as time. She'll only fuck you for your green card and as soon as she gets what she wants she'll go back to chad only. It is you the one who copes my friend.
goes to one of the only places left in western culture where men can complain about their problems without being minimized 
complains about not having the spotlight 
You are the problem
femcels learned to be happy on their own
she said as she suffocated from the mixture of wine and cat shit that permeated the air of her one bedroom appartment
tits or gtfo originalllo
Anon, it's not 2005 any more.
As a KHHV plain Jane, I am extremely high value. Men care a lot about women's virginity, and being around average actually boosts my attractiveness (Juggernaut law). All kinds of men would like to date me. With incels, it's a different story. We're playing two different games. Men and women are valued differently
goes on one of the very few places on the internet that isnt a feminist wonderland where you are endlessly complimented until your ego believes you are a 10/10 perfect human angel
HUEEE WAAAAA
you are free to leave. you can just go anywhere. you can go to the store, buy all the ingredients you need to make vegan burritos, and just make it and eat it. you can just go to reddit, or tiktok, or crystal cafe, or whatever forum tickles your fancy
this place wasnt make for you, and you cannot feel the pain that incels feel
Chads thrive in online dating, it's no place for an incel
very cool
now consider what happens when a male says they're a virgin literally anywhere, online or in real life
Depends on what said "problems" are. If you come to r9k to complain about your bf, or how only men you don't like are into you then yeah, they're not gonna respond positively to that, what did you expect?
this place wasnt made for you
I guess but it is also the only place in which I can get people to talk to me. On all normie media I am universally ignored. I guess its better to be called roastie than to literally not exist for anybody in this world. This shit makes me go shizo. I legit had times where I would have 0 people talk to for 5 years straight before I discovered boards. There is nowhere else for me to go to get human contact.
