I was a case study for my State on Autism but can fake functioning at a fairly competent level thanks to lots of training and therapy. I still do weird shit like make noises to myself and tic. How do other Aspies function in day-to-day life? I start retail wagie work soon but I get mentally overloaded easily in work situations and when I do I stop thinking, my head hurts and cry uncontrollably.
I had no idea i was autistic until adulthood, parents would get mad at me for ticking as a child, so i learned to mask them. Weed helps even out my emotions so i dont get overstimulated
No clue. I lost two jobs in my actual career before I was diagnosed due to tics, inability to play politics, and being unable to handle volume work. Now I have no idea what to do and living neet life. 
If anyone figures it out, let me know.
90% of the battle is finding the most favorable environments for your type of autism. Environments that involve repetition and relative solitude sound like they'd be the most favorable with the traits you described. That means you should try to get on stocking shelves overnight, rather than working a cash register. There's a certain zen that comes from just loading shit on the shelves and making the labels face forward in a nice, clean, symmetrical way.
I personally like working the delivery apps. Pick it up, drop it off. You can be deaf and do the job, literally just show them the order and they'll give it to you. If you can handle social isolation/only interacting with other people over the internet then long haul trucking is top tier.
If you're the type of autistic that feels overwhelmed by driving or physical work you should really try to power through that. Those activities are more stressful and difficult at the start but get easier as you get physically stronger/more skilled at driving. Sensory overload and social shit never really stops hitting you hard every now and again. You should know, you've spent over a decade working on it and it's still brutal to you sometimes.
How do other Aspies function in day-to-day life?
I sincerely harbour a profound hatred for normalfags, and refuse to change my behaviour to make them more comfortable
I got a job stocking shelves before and had to quit because the anxiety was too bad, could've been the place just had shitty management but my new job is at an outlet store stocking shelves again. It was the only place that would hire with my lack of experience.
Sensory overload and social shit never really stops hitting you
It's so unfair, my job drains my soul straight out of me. I'm exhausted from the constant barrage of stimuli flying in my face every second. Meanwhile the normie co-workers are chatting it up and having a good time. I have to leave work and sit alone for two hours just to feel like a human again and they go right out to dates or parties or whatever the fuck they do.
I need a low noise, low lights, low movement job sooner than later. Imma go insane soon.
can't fall asleep earlier than 2:30 because the rest of the house is still up making noise for at least until 11 and I need two or more hours to sit down and let my mind tire itself from general stimulus
I wish I just had some great book idea I could full-on hermit mode over like Bill Watterson
