Where am I supposed to "go" to meet other people my age if I live in some generic commuter suburb that isn't a college town? I'm extremely alone
back when i lived in my old suburb, i didn't have any friends either. it's a lot easier in a college town. the thing is that friends can easily happen naturally here, but if you live in a commuter suburb, you have to be very active about making friends, it won't "just happen". 
do you work, OP?
You're supposed to move into one of the four or five most expensive urban areas in the country, since that is where all non-overweight women under 25 are living, in apartments paid for by their parents or by their sugar daddies.
Yes at midnight I go to work at an amazon warehouse. 99% of the poeple who work there are either literally retarded or have some disability, old, only speak spanish, hood niggers, etc
I know that feel nigga
t. rural country bumpkin surrounded by druggies and rednecks
Wasn't born in America, but I've lived most of my life in a suburb. It's a miserable experience. The way America is set up is hellish. No public spaces, no community. Get in you car, get to your place of consumption or production (work) and drive home. Everything is set up to encourage maximum consumption. I miss the commie blocks.
why are you working such a job if you're better than those people?
I miss the commie blocks.
I basically live in a commie block, huge concrete building made in the 70's. It's not very new or nice here, but I like how I actually know my neighbours here and how it's more social. 
commie blocks ftw.
I never said I'm better than them, I'm a friendless incel loser college dropout stuck in my shithole hometown, obviously I'm a massive loser. I'm just young, white, don't smoke weed or am an alchoholic, so I can't relate to them.
Nowhere, assuming you're in your early 20's. By this point the friend groups have formed and no zoomer likes talking to strangers. Even at work you'll find cliques. Keep in mind that people don't just like sitting around anymore. Hanging out means going out and that requires money and a car. Best you can hope for is a group of discord gamer buddies.
i kinda agree with >>73118294
i do have one friend, but i was basically the one who was approached in this case, that's extremely rare for me. but, whenever i'm the one who tries to befriend another person, they never actually like me, so i've given up.
Yeah, everyone knew eachother, kids would all play outside, you could walk places, etc. Just very different life.
It's always been this way, not even a zoomer phenomenon. You're supposed to have at least one main group, one side group and a handful of miscellaneous friends made by your early 20s. After that, it becomes impossible to form multi-relationships on as deep a level as you need to feel fulfilled from friends. You can see friends all day almost every day in your childhood, adolescence and college years, you might be lucky to get one day a week in adulthood. 
The old friendship killers of marriage replacing the friend group and friends immigrating permanently are also still around, the latter now more than ever 
If you got screwed out of your youth by bad genes, bad luck or making bad choices, there's no hope for true friendships
same boat OP, here are the options I'm looking at
go to the mall and consoom
go to overpriced bar and consoom
go to some gay restaurant and consoom
stay at home and jerk off
can you guess which one I usually choose?
I'm about to start a new job after completing a 2-year degree during the lockdowns. Not sure if anyone here can relate but normally during school you'd walk into class and instantly know who you'd be friends with. The people who you would clique with were instantly visible to you. Once you leave school, you practically lose touch with your age group completely. I haven't met a single person since highschool where I got that instant feeling of ah, we can be good friends.
