I am fucking terrified of getting old. All I can think of is "Fuck, I keep getting closer to death". I wish I knew how good I had it when I was young and appreciated my youthful years more instead of wasting them by being an ungrateful emo piece of shit. The signs of aging started appearing, causing me health problems and remembering how unhealthy humans get as they get older is depressing. I am afraid of becoming decrepit and having to depend on others to survive. Almost everyone I know above 60 has multiple chronic, agonizing disorders. It's inevitable and scary. Being old seems physically painful, lonely, saddening.
How do you cope with getting old? I can't see any pros to it, just cons.
if you had a good life filled with romantic love from beautiful women when you were 18-25 its easy to deal and cope with, if you didn't life will be miserable and empty and painful.
sorry champ. just how it is.
Become suicidal.
Then you will be glad you're getting older because you want to die.
Or gaslight yourself into believing there is a afterlife no matter how illogical it is.
Don't wear your pants high.
But even for a Gigachad life only goes downhill because of aging
 Almost everyone I know above 60 has multiple chronic, agonizing disorders.
What in the fuck are you talking about. High blood pressure and high cholesterol are not "agonizing disorders."
Consequences of High Blood Pressure
Damage to the heart and coronary arteries, including heart attack, heart disease, congestive heart failure, aortic dissection, and atherosclerosis.
Stroke.
Kidney damage.
Vision loss.
Erectile dysfunction.
Memory loss.
Fluid in the lungs.
Angina.
How we deal with death is as least as important as how we deal with life.
I'm pretty meh about aging, as we usually die in our fifties in my family.
I hope I die by then, as my 88yo grandpa is half paralysed and incontinent. Fuck that.
Bad enough living the incel/NEET life when you're young, but it's even worse if you're old and infirm.
Everybody gets old, it's an universal experience. It is what it is. Remember you're not special
Well OP if that will cheer You up...
Being young is not that good. You just don't remember it...
Aging doesn't cause diseases. The people who cause diseases place the blame on things like aging, genetics, and microbes to distract you from the fact that they're killing you with toxins and nutrient deprivation
millennials and generations after are possibly gonna be living up to 140ish years old anon
Of course toxins and nutrient deprivation play a role but to say aging doesn't cause disease is ridiculous. Have you seen old people?
Why would anyone want to live past like 50? Is the agony worth it? If you manage to reach the age of 90, you're in extreme agony. If you live to 100, 120, 140 the pain is amplified infinitely
Yeah I've seen old people. That's what happens when you continuously accumulate toxins in your body over decades and lack the nutrients to mitigate their damage and excrete them. You develop diseases, get saggy dry skin, lose bodily function, and more
Start eating well and exercising consistently. A ton of age-related issues are caused by not giving a shit about health when one was younger.
Your existence being entirely random is more illogical.
I am not worried because I will not be old because I am a fat fuck.
