Who is your "literally me character"?
for me it`s thinking chud
I too have done fucked up things.
Nothing has changed so Im posting her again
except im not rich or 30
maybe oreki but more dumb
And less hot
Elaborate
Ending war, hunger, human suffering as a whole? Peace through servitude is still peace, and what good is freedom to the dead?
where`s he from? I keep seeing him, it must mean something
Sauron 
Just wait. Unlike him I have moved to a new area and will rise again.
Huh. 
Based. I love you already
Oh sorry I assume you read it. If you didn't I can elaborate but it will be super spoiler heavy. If you did read it and don't understand what I'm saying you may just be a retard.
eh i was alright when i was younger but these days yeah.
I have to put some redundant text here.
Also here.
hyouka. i think hes relatable to many becauuse hes 'lazy'
Imaging calling someone a retard because they are confused by your heavily flawed larp tier moral standpoint
Ok. Then what harm would she have caused minus taking away free will?
every day i get closer to just being him
i wasnt made for this world, and characters in media are
and no, i dont identify with the joker or whatever other sigma bullshit
That's a pretty big harm. Her plan is no different from just killing everyone, except their husks stay around to be her playthings.
Is someone really a slave if they dont realize their enslaved to begin with?
If you werent her in this scenario I think you would very quickly get why its a bad idea and wouldnt want it to happen retard.
What have you done anon? Unless you have commited large scale genocide even you can be forgiven.
We have capitalism, you already are a slave
I would be fine with it after the fact because I wouldnt fucking realizing it. I feel like a slave now anyway with having to go to school and get trained to spend the rest of the good years of my life waging away.
The marked one from shadow of Chernobyl 
Emptiness, Slavic, unsteady aim from always being drunk is just the feel that touches my soul 
Next to that it's Hitler and Joe
Yes I agree. I made my reply >>73112063
before reading this.
Also they're not their. Go do your homework before enslaving anyone. 
LMFAO yeah you are definitely not like Makima in the slightest
Yes. Also taking away free will is not just being a slave, it's ceasing to be a person completely. What is the point of existance if you can't make your own choices? Might as well be dead.
What character do you see yourself the most in, fucking Sheldon cooper?
Fuminori from Saya no Uta.
Michael Jordan from Barkley's Shut Up and Jam: Gaiden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI-xp68YlcU [Embed]
HEY! HEY! HEY! IT'S ME!
I'm literally her in almost every way, with the one major difference being that instead of a beautiful teenage ojou-sama everyone fawns over and treats with the utmost kindness, I'm an overweight friendless KHHV uberwizard male who's never received one iota of affection and triggers a revulsion response in every human animal that perceives me.
Other than that though, yeah, pretty much the same.
I just find it ridiculous that you have enough audacity to think you relate to a master mind villain but you cant spell or get deeper into the topic of free will and enslavement because you are clearly just an edgy teenager.
I'm literally Helper. Like, literally.
Joe who?
Blade runner 2049 
I will never type out joe mama
Except I'm not an attractive anime boy with the power to rewrite reality or pilot giant mechs.
Ok den I change my answer to SpongeBob :3
Spongebob is an eternal hard working optimist. You are some sad tranny on 4chan.
Nope im really him I called dibs :D
I think there is literally no one like me.
But from all the not-me people, I would probably choose John Constantine to represent me.
I like how your way of getting out of being called out is pretending to be quirky and dumb just seconds after planning world domination. Embarrassing
Its ok you dont need to be upset you can still be Patrick but you kinda give squidward vibes
You're a Pearl.
Because im a teenage girl? But your def squidward, I am gonna assign you him
Except I'm a man, a bigger coomer, a sonic/gr15 autist instead of otaku, slightly more sociable (maybe more like the manga but without as many friends), and I have creative endeavors
Whale
Origionio
I was about to post Simon as well, but as his younger version. This anime was an experience.
Unfortunately I am not rich or attractive like Keanu Reeves is :(
Lil bro thinks he is John which but gets anxiety and tummy aches when he speaks to women LMAO
They could be hired killers trying to collect my contract anon of course i am scared
I used to collect rocks as a kid, too, and I still do to an extent. I wish I became a geologist to be able to harness my inner phos.
Why is the anime so fucking ugly compared to the manga
Kobeni redditman
Literally me in every way (one day I swear)
Asa mitaka
he is LITERALLY me if i was rich or intelligent or ambitious or lovable
she's soo me it's unreal
She is all of us, get more creative
this stinky midget
are you into femdom
oregano
Defo this guy, if I had to choose.
This character right here.
Obito before the mask came off
back in the day i used to identify with eren alot and i still do. His emotions/motivations and how he thinks and how he acts always resonated with me very deeply. But the older i get the more i identify with agni. They are very similar characters to begin with but i think agni is a mindbroken or "its over" version of eren. Its definetly between those 2 characters.
if thats true then you are perfect, pls be real
Literally me, fr...
you are going through psychosis. pls post this on /x/
Haneda Takashi
Harry Dubois
I dropped the game twice inbetween 2019 and 2022, picking it up a year and a half later each time. Only on the second visit did I realize how much I subconsciously picked up from him.
Too bad the /v/ threads are dogshit.
anzu.. lazy, sleepy, doesnt wanna work, i coincidentally have the same bunny plush, almost the same height
Joe Secondopinionson !
Billy Brown or perhaps Barry Egan, though I don't run a successful business
Lol you wish you were this cool
Naota from fooly cooly
kendall roy
This bitch. 
Can relate like hell. Not my fault that I'm narcissistic, life made me that way.
yeah shes literally me
This
First character that came to mind is private Pyle
I wish I had a friend like joker.
Same disastrous life. Almost hit the same end. I don't want to be hurt anymore.
Britta
I love her she's my favorite character too
mikami and I got married in 2010. She's been my wife and soul partner since
Know ones gonna know who this is but minus the gender difference she's LITERALLY me.
Ol' Charlie Brown is a self-loathing failure who can't do anything right.
Need I say more?
Has to be Obito for me, I used to be very bright and hopeful with a very big kind heart but after spending so much time in solitude isolated and abandoned by people who were meant to be my friends it turned me into a bitter sour schizo autistic man who hates almost everything and everyone
I've had people out of the blue (at work and stuff) basically ask me if I watched archer because I was "literally kreiger". At the time I never watched archer and I did, out of curiosity, and I concur. I look exactly like him too, and that's not even the things about him that are literally me, the similarities go wayyyy deeper than that.
It was her for a while
Good choice. The comic was amazing, and the movie was decent. Stormare was perfect. For literally me, it's picrel.
Yeah not gonna lie, he is literally me.
i just want my own nanoha to save me and lead me to happiness
Too bad that I haven't changed much throughout the whole decade.
Heavy is literally me except I'm fucking stupid 
and fat
I mean it's still great
You can get that shiny rock cracking experience
That 3d animation is one of a kind
Heavy isn't fat or stupid. He's kinda jacked and has a phd. Also he's 6'4", actual Chad.
Jacked
Yeah, I know
Has PhD
That's why I said I'm stupid
What the fuck
He's definitely not me then
Claptrap is definitely me then
That claptrap guy is like a based robot right? I never played those games but I saw a video about millennials writing and they said for example that claptrap really drags out the things he says in most corny stupid kind of ways so I'm not motivated to play these games if that robots gonna talk so much
The Egg of the Perfect World is literally me
Basically, strip him of any positive qualities and you get the most accurate representation of me.
not a single person said travis bickle from taxi driver, im disappointed in you bros
He's not based, he's silly, but yeah. 
and yeah, in the beginning of borderlands 2 he kinda drags out in the beginning, but later on it gets better, I think?
Sun wukong
Literally, literally me
Except I am not getting a cute girlfriend in the end.
Care to elaborate? Are you saying you're mildly psychopathic or just that you also have an anime wife?
The gems are acthually like 150cm tall and sensei is just a 2 meter tall giga Chad canonically
Also how did you improve and why did you fall? I mean comparing yourself to phos in that aspect is a little unreal, they literally changed their whole personality almost
he's literally and unironically me
When are you gonna get a black news reporter gf?
Le pepito frog
hey if youre still in this thread
are you russian
For real?
Origo
At least we'll die wizards!
I am the Lain. The Lain is I.
you must be a boring fuck
For me, it's Max Rebo.
if it's based on looks then I'm literally kenma, I even have his hair style and colour.
if it's more of a personality thing than i guess there's no character like me other than me.
Holden Caulfield, of course.
What a man, and what a movie
Surprised no one has posted him yet
Nonchalant and relaxed to almost everything, spoiled and had opportunities to pursue a good future, threw it all away on a whim
I feel that
t. starting to develop schizophrenia
I know who you are pedo tranny lover
holy true
he is just like me fr
Nobody because there's no movie/vidya0any media at all about soulless husk that spends all his free time jerking off and watching YouTube
I am 6'5, redheaded, socially retarded, and love birds.
One day, I'm find climb that mountain.
No, I am Helper
Judge Holden.
Literally me, at least once I get everything sorted out.
scorn guy
you don't have to be my gf, just please be real.
a beacon of hope in this hellworld of femsubs.
judge holden was human and not supernatural. I need this interpretation for that story to have meaning.
This specific incarnation of him because 
Big differences is that I've never had sex and I don't have a royal bloodline, other than that, I relate really heavily to him.
Yes I am real and into femdom but not shit like Pegging, chastity, and cuckolding. I feel like those fetishes scare dominant women away from a lot of male subs. Those are fetishes almost exclusive to men and trannies.
even more based. those are shit-tier fetishes and don't even qualify as femdom.
cucking is literally maledom, pegging implies women can't be dominant without a dick and chastity just removes the sex organ from a sexual fetish, which is stupid.
I am literally chomsky honk.
He was an alchemist. All his abilities, knowledge, philosophy, and lifespan indicate a man who achieved the magnum opus.
im the agni poster.
agreed, gentle femdom and psychological/mental manipulation is what peak femdom should look like. can u tell us how became that way or did seeing makima awake this side of you ?
I agree. I also hate feminization because I feel like it equates femininity with shame and embarrassment.
Its just the way I am. I have always been a very type A person and I get frustrated when things are not in my control, extends to interpersonal relationships as well.
very based. how do your friends/family react to this? do they submit or do they fight your control ?
And if they do fight you, how do you still manage to get your way?
Soijak is literally me.
I have mostly female friends and with women they are more likely to accept another woman being in charge. I handle organizing all social gatherings, even extending to their birthday parties and such. As for my family, I just accepted not being able to have control over my parents. It is the way it is. Used to throw fits when I was younger that would sometimes work or as awful as it is I would claim to be suicidal as a teen but that stuff stopped working once I went off to college. I am the oldest though, I have two younger siblings one brother and one sister. Again this is going to sound awful but its pretty easy to get them to agree with whatever I say because they look up to me. I dont want any of my friends or family to genuinely suffer in anyway though so I would never try to manipulate them into doing something that would cause harm. I still love them, I just want to control them as a form of protection I guess
This is cringe and generic, but that makes it even more fitting, K from the newest Bladerunner
literally me frfr, minus the motivation as i dont have any goals/reasons to do things in the first place.
This bizarre gentleman right here
Gilgamesh Fate series. I even had his haircut as a kid.
my job is fine lol (welder not machinist) but i get like 5 hours of sleep a night
No, absolutely not. You controlling them in order to protect them is literally what its all about.
You genuinley sound perfect, hope i could find someone like you irl.
Light Yagami, i would also kill so many murderers with the death note
goddamn whoever inked watchmen did a fucking amazing job. Snyder should've gone more neon, not all drab browns and greys
No one. I don't self insert myself into anyone or anything.
Fight Club narrator (specifically the narrator, not Tyler Durden)
michael burry as depicted in the big short
this guy right here. Stopped reading after he was defeated.
I wish you luck as well anon! Maybe just focus on trying to find uptight women, we are normally major control freaks.
xiao pai!! :D
I will never relate to a fictional character more than I did to this guy.
waifu and literally me (even the ginger hair)
just finished this manga, very good read
im him
i go probably with her as well, although i'm a male and not trooning out. but there are many things common
it is time to angst as hagu
ygwxvt
literally me, even the mom part and running away
I don't know if i'd call his character "cool" in that movie
he's such a given pick already
based Kobeni W
Also into femdom. Just wish that woman can be brave and act dominant or neutral sometimes instead of whining like a bitch.
RIP kitty
I haven't murdered children but I did some grave mistakes I'm forced to suffer from and live on with their weight on.
so are you into the controlling ownership aspect, is there anything you would like to do a guy in bed, are you into petplay
