i want a cute bf so badly but i am ugly and i stink. no man has ever hit on me or asked me out in my entire life. im a true femcel.
Then lose weight and take a shower.
stop stinking then? what a weird thing to say. are you too miserable to take a shower? how are you gonna be pretty and put in effort to keep your bf happy then?
im ugly, not fat. i stink no matter how many showers i take. moids will never know my pain.
Anyway. Check out this sick gif I found
Lose more weight and take more showers.
i already did that. fuck off moid, stop trying to invalidate my experiences.
what's your BMI then
thats because YOU'RE NOT A REAL WOMAN NIGGER
Are you a virgin?
https://voca.ro/1a1MqC8waMFh
I dont think she wants to answer those lol
28 (i eat healthy though, i have fucked up hormones)
no, but I lost it when I was 16. no sexual partners since then.
bait post but ill bite. If you're skinny enough. that's more than enough for most average men, not worth the rejection chance of a cold approach you're not hot enough/ worth the humilation of a rejection, why dont you approach some faggot, or make a dating profile.
lmao case fucking closed kys
Hidden, Filtered 
Get out and leave
ew. disgusting. i don't want you
I wish god deemed me worthy of a swift painless death, so I should not be forced to feel anything anymore. I wish I were released from this cruel world, and wouldn't have to be a quiet witness watching from the distance, losing more and more of my already fragile sanity by the hour
L take
oringally
Fpbp also checked
why? what is so funny about it?
again, why? doesn't that make you a volcel? i was literally a child
the whales bmi is 28 which is overweight XDDDD not skinny and definitely not skinny ENOUH
u are closer to obese than skinny or normal whatever you identify as fatty
I'm going to jerk off to this thread right now
woman logic
don't question it, chud
Literally just shower you nasty slut
when are we going to tell them that the OP abandoned this thread before answering anything and I am just larping, wackus bonkus?
so you're saying you got raped? you're saying you didn't consent and you didn't understand what happened? Is that correct?
try be more feminine then , take care of your physical apparence, start taking more showers for exemple and use spray deodorant instead of stick deodorant ,use body spray and lotion after shower. if u still smell go get checked at an dermatologist then. eat healthy,go to the gym,if you have bad skin have a skin care and go on a healthy diet .
JUST TAKE FUCKING CARE OF YOUR APPEARANCE
post your naked body so we can see what is your worth
Stop eating spicy food.
I have anosmia since birth. Date me.
How's that cunt looking tho?
Actually, nevermind. I scrolled up and found out about the missing hymen.
Good luck I guess, but you shouldn't be here, this is a space for lonely people, not you.
All you have to do is to maintain personal hygiene and work out for a fit body. It's not even that hard???
we wont
*gasp* You naughty wackus bonkus!
you don't have any value, you're just a fat girl with self conscious problems. you could've been valuable if you were normal.
NEXT
Why ugly?
If it's face, make-up exists.
If it's body, not being fat is like 60%, getting in shape is 30% and rest 10% towards beautiful body is either genetics or surgeries.
Why you stink?
If it's body, keep your hygiene game top notch. Shower at least once per day, twice if that's not good enough. Use shampoo, shower gel and similar products. Alcohol, smoking, drugs and shit diet will ruin smell of your sweat, so limit vices and eat less, but better (also helps with not being fat).
If it's your woman parts, then vag shampoo is a thing (just don't be retarded and don't use it inside, it usually makes smell even worse) and go visit gynocologist for dealing with smell.
Most likely most if not all of your problems are fuxable.
