How would you react in this situation?
prep the bull to breed my wife while i jerk off my pathetic white penis
just leave her there lol
Fr, then cut off all contact, far to many women are never disincetivized to stop doing this
kek
He sure got an unfazed face for somebody who is basically getting cuked kek, has gotta be fake.
holy shit this is sad, dude is just watching while giving the same head shake a dad would when seeing his son throw a ball wrong. 
FFS if anyone is ever in this position, fucking leave. Not even worth trying to fight the girl or guy. If your girl is willing to do that type of shit at all, let alone with another guy in public, she was never yours to begin with. Honestly with how the guy stands there he probably fucking likes it and is a cuck cause fuck what is this shit (if it's real). She was never yours. 
If a woman truly cares about you she wouldn't even think twice about this stupid shit. You shouldn't stick around with trashy "women" like this.
Not unfazed at all you can clearly see the look of shame in his eyes, just too pussy to do anything about it
i would keep recording
i would be at home masturbating to anime girls
pffffft
you dodged a bullet
Nah but fr tho, the reason women do this shit is because she knows that her man is a weak simping cuck, that won't do anything about what is going on in the video, if men were comfortable enough to walk away for that behavior women would do it less
Absolutely and unequivocally based and digits are checked and valid
I think its hot, its not like she cheated. Btw guy is probably just unhappy with what he has to witness in public.
once a woman feels a hot, pulsating B B C grinding against her and inhales a black man's virile musk, it's only a question of time
Oh shut the fuck up. You think that white Chad ain't also cheating on her? Fucking morons
where do i find more videos like this? a compilation perhaps?
These messages are approved by the goy agency. Good job.
get in the whores face and yell at the top of my lungs
GET AIDS AND DIE YOU DISGUSTING UGLY TRASH
then leave and never talk to her again
Women do this shit because men let them, men are weak and desperate for pussy.
If your girl did this to you , you should just leave her , if she asked why did you leave her there just be honest and that is it, do not accept her excuses because she will make some.
But the truth is that this does not happen, Guys are cucks nowadays and will accept her excuses and she will even think of you as a weaker man because of how much beta you are.
Prove me wrong. You cant
Same but i would cry for months. I get rlly attached. I would also add
my as an indian guy would just break up with the whore i think so would any self respecting arab / asian / mexican / med guy yet because white bois are so pathethic and BETA / low t they would simp for 'MUH WHITE ARYAN QUEEN' and forgive her...............
brown dudes simp for white girls way harder than white guys do stfu delusional curry
The Jews will pay an unprecedented price for this mess of society they have created.
yet i have NEVER seen an indian guy with :
a whale obese white women / a single mother white woman who has a nigger child / get married to an ex porn star / prostitute / get in a pathetic cuck relationship with a white woman and allow the whore to fuck niggers
but i have seen BETA low t white boys who have done all of these LOL !
we indians only desire quality white women if not i would rater have an indian woman instead...........
Ive literally never seen an Indian subhuman with a white woman. Never. You are the ugliest, least desired race on the planet so quit talking shit. Even your own ugly ass women dont want you. Just a super ugly and gross race of people, straight up.
The reason she is doing this is because she doesnt respect this faggot and he probably makes her pussy dry so she is getting her rocks off somewhere else. This guy has no balls and no self respect. What kind of man just stands there and watches? He should be swinging on that nigger and then dragging his bitch out of there by the wrist after he kicks the guys ass. No wonder she is cheating on this faggot right in his face, women cant stand pathetic spineless beta cucks like this.
LOL ! mayo boi got triggered because he couldn't handle the truth...........
I did that, that was my reaction.
I am speaking the truth though and you know it. Indians are the laughing stock of the world. I can go on tiktok and find hundreds of Indian women simping for white cock meanwhile I can find hundreds of those street interviews where women of all races say Indians are the one race theyd never date. Indian dudes have to use prostitutes all the time lol, most of the escorts in my city even say they dont allow Indians because you faggots smell like shit and are weird af
nothing i would just leave and break up with her,that woman isnt even worth getting into a fight with the nigger
what the fuck exactly is going on in this video? I never understood it well because the fucking retard who's recording is shaking the camera like a fucking animal
LOL u mad that i triggered you mayo boi ? you just mad that no self respecting indian man would ever marry a white whore yet BETA white bois do it all the time, the only time indian guys marry a white woman if she is wife material where as white boys have to settle for white whores who cuck them with niggers / have mutt niglet children who the low T mayo boi will GLADLY raise LOL !!!
meanwhile low T BETA white boys settling for white roastie with nigger child........
even the DOG knows she is a WHORE LOL !
I'm so confused by these videos lol.. i just feel like if that is legitimately happening in front of me and this isn't fake/staged, then you should naturally have the common sense to just walk away and break it off with the girl. The most alpha-tier thing a man can do if he finds himself in this situation is to leave, break up with the girl with 100% no contact and no detailed explanations, and just move on in life. 
That's why it feels like these videos are fake/contrived. Why is the lad just standing there? Surely he must have the common sense to do what I said
What do you expect him to do about it? He's already lost. Fight a nigger over some stupid bitch that is openly being unfaithful? Best he can do is walk away. I am not a normie though so maybe my perspective is off
Bro you more than likely look like something like pic rel and you're doing that really low T thing where you post pictures of other people's lives in order to prove a point on an anon board. You're living vicariously through other people while being a sexless basement dweller yourself. It's cringe as fuck man. If you wanna be a badass, post pictures of you and your own life. Post pictures of you marrying/fucking these white women. I'll wait.
Completely agree. I've never had a girl do that to me but I have had an ex act up in ways that showed me that she didn't respect me. This was before I discovered 4chan and wasn't even close to red pilled the way I am now. Looking back, when I recognized the disrespect I should've immediately cut her off, explain why honestly, and move on without her unapologetically. That would've been the strongest thing I or any man could do when faced with blatant disrespect from a bitch. I regret not doing it but going forward I'll never tolerate it for some pussy ever again
LOL ! stay triggered mayo boi, all i know is that we high T indian chadjeets would NEVER accept a white whore, only quality white wife material women meanwhile low T mayo bois gladly accept nigger loving white whores as their wives and raise their grotesque niglet babies as their own.......i bet you cant even find 1 example of an idiann man in a situation like this with a white whore yet i can give you countless example of low t mayo bois who are............
Pretty embarrassing
you can't disprove my argument so you try and change the subject, lol typical low iq BETA MAYO BOI............
Here's a white trash chick from my high school. This girl has been absolutely ran through by the most low life niggers you can imagine and look who is beta buxxing now lmao
Only the most high quality white women, am I right jeet bros?
but hey, at least the ass is fat right?!
kek. i'm telling you, having lived around jeets my whole life, it's either the supreme beta bux archetype, or the angry, anti social nigger-culture worshipping jeet, or the awkward incel who spends all his money lining up outside air jordan stores at 4 in the morning
woops forgot the photo
