sorry anon, you are an incel loser I would never waste my time with you hihihih I'm going out with chad
a few hours later her body gets dumped by chad in an alley way.
Lol based whore! Chad got to slay pussy!
These kinds of posts are why women are entirely correct to stay as far away from you as possible
Thanks for helping me bust a fat nut
dis is y u inkwell
least emasculated male feminist
Kill must have been recent
Blood and skin are still bright
damn, she ok?
It's just a flesh wound, she'll get better in a couple of days.
Um a genuine question. If gore posts get spammed on /r9k/, would the mods finally make this a SFW board.
dis is y u inkwell
least emasculated male feminist
not an argument
Why would an actual Chad risk to do that? 
Also hot, Im jelly
a real chad wouldn't do something like this
chad isn't mr. right, because he doesn't exist.
Chad is someone who excels in life, no? Why would someone who excels in life have a shit criminal background, such deep underlying anger issues and feel insecurity/frustration big enough to take away others lives in a gruesome way? Thats not really a Chad behavior at least from how I interpret one. 
If in your opinion a chad can be a Russian gangster, cartel member, a serial killer or simply some slimy guy with a bit of charisma/looks just because they can get to sleep with a girl equally braindead and easy as them, I dont think we have the same idea of overall success.
Chad is someone who excels in life, no
that is the normie conception of chad,originally chad was meant to represent a typical "fuckboy" douche who parties and takes drugs every day that women love for some reason,and also possibly have a criminal background
Still would, ngl
hahaha do you have more?
No. Chad is who women want to fuck. Which is often degenerate violent criminals. But can also be successful athletes or similar types.
she might have a little problem with walking but she can just walk it out 
Nice trips 
blood is still bright red, there is no way that the person recording this didn't see who dumped it there
i wonder how many deseperate man would be ok to fuck her dead body, sad but i know there is more man capable of doing sex with a dead woman than most people would think.
Looks like she's finally ready to settle down.
Is she decapitated? Wheres her head, did the guy freeze it lol
that's a sex doll anon
Nigger I do NOT WANT TO SEE THIS SHIT. 
Unironically true
reeeeeeeeeee this is why women stay away from you incel
of course we wont stay away from the actual dangerous chad who did this tee hee
