why don't you boys read up on basic pick up theory from websites like theredpillarchive
Literally all women want is a confident man, they don't care about anything else... so what exactly is your excuse?
https://theredarchive.com/r/TheRedPill/how-to-get-laid-like-a-warlord-37-rules-of.39524
https://theredarchive.com/r/TheRedPill/a-list-of-approach-invitations.44937
Why don't you commit suicide?
Red pill theory is filled with dangerous half truths. Women just want to feel good, usually for romance that just means you make them feel comfy and turned on. Red pill thinks being an asshole is the same as being confident
very cute deflection anon, now try again or leave the thread for anons who actually want to change themselves
so you admit there is truth to it, have you tried anything?
whats the worst that could happen, remember that you should be applying these rules to literal strangers at first who don't even know you
After some thought I must agree with fp. You should seriously consider ending your life
I mean dangerous because it advertises delusions as reality. They're half true because women genuinely are attracted to dark triad behavior, but it's only half true because that's only part of the story. The typical red piller is some bitter 40 y/o who didn't get enough when he was younger, so he starts treating his wife like shit to vent his anger. Like I said you can use dark triad without being an asshole. There's a difference between being disrespectful and mean to your gf in daily life, and making her choke on your dick in bed
I see it like those books that claim it can make you rich woth stock trading.
I do want you to change yourself. Just not how you might think at first
If you need to read "theory" on it, chances are very high that you will never be "confident enough" to pull that off. On top of that all of those "redpilled PUA" people are nothing more than stupid grifters. 
Good job generalizing a whole group of people. You are just another midwit thinking that he knows the truth about life.
Thank God I won't be attracting any sluts to ruin my life. Fuck women. Mgtow
Because if it is about THEM then there is no excuse for THEM to be incels.
The core of incel mindset is that incels are helpless
But it absolutely is all what women want in life
how about fuck off. if they don't love you, what is the point. i'm not gonna act, i'm not a performing fucking monkey, i'm me and that's that.
