The life ahead of me scares the shit out of me. The fact that I have to do this. Play the game of life, a competition and project I was signed up to against my will.
I just don't have the type of personality it takes to succeed in life. Why must I be almost everything that creates more obstacles for you? Introvert, gay, possibly autistic, ugly, mega slow at forming connections, mega slow at getting crushed (I've only had 2, both at completely unattainable people).
I'm 20 now. Should I even bother doing this? Going to college, getting a job, only to probably never find a partner and never have kids and never have a beautiful house with a white fence and be succesful. If I want to succeed, I'd have to sacrifice my identity, happiness and energy to attempt to cosplay as a normie.
Play the game of life, a competition and project I was signed up to against my will.
Nigger who is making you participate in society?
So just kys. Problem solved
waaahh noooo that doesn't count
Don't care
You don't really HAVE to do any of that, but those things are generally keys to happiness, or in the least something that people are proud of, so that's why everyone is telling you to get them. At least make some attempt at striving and self-improoving anon.
Leave the fear of judgement behind and just go for it bro.
I'm 34 and just like you except for the gay party. You're still very wet behind the ears, I can tell because you still assume you'll be able to get a job after college. Things never get better as you get older you only learn to cope.
Mate I'm 34. Married. Mortgage. Car. and I shit you not I did it all with putting in as little effort as humanly possible.
All of my bills are paid via direct debit
I work a job where I basically sit and do nothing for 7 hours a day. I'm basically the penski file episode of Seinfeld on repeat.
My wife happly handles all of the cooking and cleaning and household admin
I drive a tesla because I saw a decent deal on them when Musk did something retarded and leapt on it.
I can't even explain it. I'm seemingly rewarded for doing the barest minimum I can get away with and not only am I appreciated for it. I'm celebrated for it. Whenever someone tells me I've worked hard or that I'm a this or that I simply thank them and don't correct them. My subordinates at work love me because I do the barest minimum to ensure they're doing their jobs. My departments motto is "as long as it's done, have some fun." and in their reviews I use chatGPT to write them gleaming reviews and recommend pay rises. Life is easy when you just stop trying.
Yeah I'm sometimes like that, then I remember I can always just kill myself and the worries go away. 
I'll forever be a friendless robot, no changing that, but I actually like it. I have no job, too bad, guess I can enjoy being a neet for a while. You start clogging your head with expectations you'll be disappointed, for normies you will always be a failure, always, an outcast, you'll always be loser playing their game, just play yours dude.
