Mark 12:31
Matthew 5:44
Matthew 5:39
Galatians 3:28
How can you even manage in the world if this is what you believe in? I get it that you can be a cultural Christian and respect it's long history but these teachings are inherently degenerate.
Christians are cucks
Christians worship a dead jew
Chrisitans don't know what the bible says
Christians don't actually believe in their religion
Christians just pick and choose what's convenient to them
Christians are just scared that there's nothing after and they need inherit purpose in life
Where are these "Christcucks" who believe this insanity? I don't wish to shame them but they should acknowledge that their teaching is as rotten and poisonous as whatever liberal groomers are teaching in public schools these days.
what you believe in
They don't actually do that shit, they just like being part of a group and not thinking.
I mean think about it. A small brown ascetic preaching oneness and love above all. Does that sound like any Christian you've ever met? Most of them seem obsessed with the afterlife and/or the sexuality of others.
Imagine if a little scruffy brown dude walked into some Texas mega-church and started telling people to sell their possessions, meditate on the Torah, and love their enemies as they love themselves. He'd be chased out and lucky if he isn't physically harmed.
generally religious people just ignore the strange or contradicting parts of their religion. that's how.
also 90% of Christians have never read the bible.
Christians being the way that they are has worked to our benefit though 
Why would you hate on the people that allowed us to live as the comfiest people in human history 
How old are the kids in this thread
He wasn't brown though.
Tradition state that he was a white man from the Galilee region, white as in white skin tone not European. His teaching seem extremely degenerate and against any race of men. He's even prominent in other religions across the world which is a terrible sign for humanity.
When did things become comfy in your opinion? Because they certainly weren't during the medieval times.
Imagine if a little scruffy brown dude walked into some Texas mega-church and started telling people to sell their possessions, meditate on the Torah, and love their enemies as they love themselves. He'd be chased out and lucky if he isn't physically harmed.
They'd probably love it since that's what our society values anyway so they would just regurgitate it.
yes they were retard
the dark ages are a myth
