why is that most 'self-improvement gurus' are creepy and lack charisma?
good job you can see it that way, made more progress than incels already. only them cant see through their bs
I mean, it's pretty obvious. 'You have to believe me bros, I lead a very happy and accomplished life despite being a lonely workaholic who lives for your approval'
Are you kiddng? incels made pua hate. We don't like them either. Incels dont care for self improvement. it's already assumed any sort of work or struggle will net 0 success.
And even if we did. Certaintly some plastic characters like tate or whatever fake alpha m bullshit is delusional.
pua=/=self improvement
many of the self improvement dudes are MGTOW
the only people who follow these retards are literal autists, you have to be an autistic dipshit to follow these idiots, its impossible to be a normal human being and end up following these losers. 
autists are kind of like old people. old people get scammed all the time with those stupid nigerian prince types of phone and email scams. autists get scammed by this stuff
Theres a lot of money hungry people and far less charismatic high IQ swindlers. Most swindlers are gross narcissists. The hyper successful attractive swindlers are a tiny fraction of the people who want to swindle people. This guy probably just wants to buy blow and watches
that motherfucker is depressing, bald and ugly. Watching him makes me want to die. He exudes lack of confidence, compensation, bitterness...
Really there just sales people trying to tell you that your life needs to revolve around getting as many dates a possible while starting your own business
 And the best way to accomplish this is by buying my self help package normally $149.99 now on sale for $119.99 with code basedguy42069, make sure you aroder now so you too can become an alpha male in training
But guys like this one only manage to swindle low IQ motherfuckers or autistic weirdos. The ones who are attractive and charismatic manage to swindle people with actual money and power and get to be CEOs or politicians
