Why are there less lesbians than gay men? Is it because everyone loves cock to some degree more than they love pussy?
There will never be a 100% authentic lesbian cause women literally require dicks to orgasm. Just look at strap ons.
Bisexuality is almost inherit to women. The fuck are you talking about? I see female same sex couples far more than male same sex couples.
If this is true then why does is every other girl I know either a dyke or has dyke tendencies
I simped for a girl for a decade and change while she had four very stormy relationships with other women
if she was faking it she was being pretty damned thorough about it.
Bisexual still means they like cock too. If they don't like cock at all then they aren't really bisexual
Lesbians are either pre-transition / repressing ftms (the butch kind) or straight women who are afraid of men and using lesbians to explore romantic feelings in a less scary way and gay guys are either pre-transition / repressing mtfs (the effeminate bottom kind) or straight men who can't get laid and are using female adjacent males to get their dicks sucked in an easier way.
Nice try anon, but we can tell you dont talk to women
All girls that I have met claim to be a lesbian or at least bisexual Literally all of them love pussy and are annoying about it.
or at least bisexual
As I said earlier in this thread bisexuals don't count. And if I couldn't bisexual men it would make this even more true not the opposite
All girls that I have met claim to be a lesbian
Then you must live in a very liberal city or state while I'm talking about the bigger picture
This is true. If you add up Gay men, Bisexual men and Bisexual women, it mogs the percentage of purely lesbian women that don't lick cock and balls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtsqciPLwfU [Embed]
Bisexuality in women is natural and most experience it on some level thus most lesbians just have a normal female sexuality and a fear of men. Gay men are a weird neuro divegency so if a man's gay he's more likely to just be gay.
I'm an actual lesbian
lesbians have a more secretive society than gay men
lesbian women feel more pressure to be closeted than gay men
lesbianism is typical just downplayed as "experimentation" or "bisexuality"
women feels insane volumes of pressure to have children so they typically marry a man because they've been raised from birth to be a mother
shitty relationship stats for lesbian couples
in most lesbian circles everyone is just hopping between the same dozen or so girls
It's not that there are less it's just shit
Now list things that are actually real
Being this much of a virgin
Only about 1/3 of females even experience vaginal orgasms, though those that do in my experience tend to report that it feels better than a clitoral one.
I have no idea what was even remotely controversial about my post
90% grills are bi/lesbians
Women are horrifying retarded at using their own bodies.
Imagine if 15% of men never figured out how to ejaculate lmao.
I'm not good at sex and just treat it like masturbating with a vagina on my cock instead of my hand so I'm glad I lucked out and got gfs in the past who were easily climaxable. You can tell when their leg muscles twitch like an epileptic seizure. Don't trust indicators that aren't physically involuntary, like just because she says she's done doesn't mean anything happened. And clits are basically tiny dicks so that's good to know.
