<comment>
be me
roomates are all friends from highschool
one is 6'5'' fully diagnosed autist
care about friend and his 'tism
listen to him talk about his autism and discuss it with him for years
eventually research autism to better understand my friend
start to relate to the autistic experience
brush it off
everyoneisalittleautistic.png
keep researching
months later come across online autism test
hyped up as the best online autism test
take it cause why not
results come back positive
"you got the 'tism"
stupid online test is broken
memories of watching power rangers religiously and hand flapping in excitement when it's morphin time
ohh
don't know what to do with this
need outside opinion but waving around buzzfeed quiz for a diagnosis is cringe
send link to online autism test in group chat ask for diagnosed autist friends opinion of the test
he actually takes it and reports back with opinion
other friends in chat start replying with their scores
mfw all are above the threshold for diagnosis
turns out i was surounded by undiagnosed autist the whole time
turns out i'm undiagnosed autist
mfw i acidentally exposed my friend group all as autistic retards and didn't even need to show them /pol/ or /b/ to do it
<comment>
'tism is so over diagnosed these days after the white suit guys expansed to a "spectrum" to sell you shit. Only Chris Chan alikes have the autism in my book.
<comment>
Acidentally made all my friends autistic
There's no way to make people autistic, but autistic people tend to group together unconcsiously the same way normies do
<comment>
Everyone can have autism,adhd,tourettes,bpd,multiple personality disorder etc. if they really want to.
Mental illness is a meme.
<comment>
Stop gatekeeping,chud.
I want to have autism too.
Its a spectrum everyone is a little more or less autistic.
If you identify as autistic you are a real autistic PERIOD.
<comment>
Yep I'm inclined to agree. Even more so with regards to "personality disorders" (think about how fucking RIDICULOUS the idea of a personality "disorder" is in the first place) like schizoid.
<comment>
Autists are parallel normies. I saw an autist motivated by a drum beat last week, total taken by the music, dancing somewhat. I bet they're part of some degenerate community of autists, too. Far more social than myself. Autists have nothing to complain about.
<comment>
Autists are parallel normies. I saw an autist motivated by a drum beat last week, total taken by the music, dancing somewhat. I bet they're part of some degenerate community of autists, too. Far more social than myself.
kek
<comment>
over diagnosed
Autism is co-morbid with like 6 or 7 serious things, if you don't have OCD, paranoia, delusions of grandeur, maladaptive daydreaming, auditory hallucinations, schizoid disorder, or narcissism then you probably don't have autism/asperger's either.
And for god's sake, "stimming" isn't something we do 24/7 and it's fun and relaxing for everyone. If you like to pop bubble wrap or stretch rubber bands over your fingers, you don't have aspergers you're just bored.
<comment>
Autism is co-morbid with like 6 or 7 serious things, if you don't have OCD, paranoia, delusions of grandeur, maladaptive daydreaming, auditory hallucinations, schizoid disorder, or narcissism then you probably don't have autism/asperger's either.
Show me an untraumatized autist in normalfag society though
<comment>
Autism is co-morbid with like 6 or 7 serious things, if you don't have OCD, paranoia, delusions of grandeur, maladaptive daydreaming, auditory hallucinations, schizoid disorder, or narcissism then you probably don't have autism/asperger's either.
Or... they just have a less severe type of autism
Autism is a spectrum you dont need to have every single symptom to be autistic you can be a high functioning autist and still be a real autist.
you don't have aspergers you're just bored.
And who are you to tell me my autism isnt real autism?
<comment>
an untraumatized autist in normalfag society though
That's a good point. Our treatment by others is big part of the manias we develop.
dont need to have every single symptom
Yeah, I probably should have worded that better. "If you don't have one or more..."
and who are you to tell me my autism isnt real autism?
I can't say for certain, but my point was that "stimming" isn't necessarily a deciding factor in an autism diagnosis.
That's like if you stared at a burning candle for too long and called yourself a pyromaniac. Maybe you are, but there's better ways to tell.
