Ever Lasting True Love With Your Future Husband Edition 
Previously: >>73080735 
First for fakegaycels fuck off!!!
They are putting my uncle's dog down today. I'm gonna miss her. She was a strong girl, almost as old as me. 
Do you have dogs r9gay?
Griffith was a villain. What makes you think I'd risk this precious peace I've found at last for someone like that?
prison gay
He did nothing wrong when you think about it. And I'd risk everything in my life to find eternal love.
What a beautiful, sunny day. No bf to go for a walk n talk with :(((
Really? Would you give up on being a bad person and become good instead?
I don't like being a bad person. I'm on my redemption arc.
GAYFFITS!!!
You must speak citizens of r9gay!
Fine, I'll hold your hand and hold you accountable.
Quiet doesn't always mean shy. Sometimes it's more stoic and aloof.
Cute.
Me desu desu
I'm not sure if i made the right decision
I want a bf, but the thought of having such a shared life is weird
yeah, i'm not sure i'm willing to give up my solitary and comfortable bohemian lifestyle just for a bf who will probably break up with me at some point anyways
I'm a shy boy but I'm not dominant in bed
I just don't want people making fun of me for how retarded I am when it comes to basic tasks
I am taking husband applications for long haired beautiful boys who want to spend their life with me. Also I am going to take a nap I need a rest.
i have long hair and may be beautiful. but of what persuasion of person does anon belong to?
he belongs to the nigger kind
Just- uh, ow, just, cut your fingernails, please.
tfw a long haired not that attractive boy
Venti did you ever actually have a boyfriend?
he's had three in the past month
Perfect husbands!
That can be true. I was thinking more of easily embarrassed boys who have teouble speaking up in public.
Well in that case i would like to inform you that you have the best of both worlds, a perfect combination! It's very cute aaaaaa
That's most shy boys T_T
It's still cute anon, don't worry
thx, but it's not fun being too shy ;_;
Oh my god you are literally me o_o
Long hair is overrated. It can look good on some guys and everything beats buzzcut and bald but medium lenghts is best. You get bonus points for not looking like a tranny or hipster jesus
For heaven's sake, anon. They were cousins!
thick fluffy hair is best :3
I personally really liked Golden Kamuy and Berserk (never tried the anime, never will).
straight royals married their cousins, why can't gay cousins? Plus no inbred kids with hemophilia.
I can't exactly argue against that.
also they both got tattoos when they went aboard as young men, so they were not stuffy uptight prissy princes.
Does your dick still work or did you break that too
I eat too much sweets
I want a bf so bad but I can't use tinder so I'm stuck looking for love on grindr
GOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
ANOTHER DAY DAWNS ON OUR GLORIOUS THREAD(shut up i know its nearly 3pm)
RISE AND SHINE MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND
https://youtu.be/ZZAD7W3M4zc [Embed]
I miss 2009. Did a lot of ecstasy with my cute hs friends when I was cute. Sadly we never fucked. Fuxk life I want to die now.
that's only for guys who don't know how to style it properly.
I'm rocking unkempt long hair with no bangs as I'm balding. I would never cut my long hair though, I love it too much.
Start finasteride, go full wizard mode with long luscious silver hair.
Unironically schizoids are happy when being alone. Beat that.
doesn't that give you ED? I like my fapping more.
tl;dr yes but no. At first it's *possible (below 5%) but apparently as you continue the regimen that goes away. You might coom less but you'll still orgasm just fine.
Oh I thought he meant eating disorder
i mean anon you're getting kind of fat maybe you should have one tee hee
Ragu: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3481923/
Seems to be more of a "you can psych yourself into disabling your dick" problem.
What if I already have ED?
We posting scientiffic papers now?
It's not like it was unprompted
Get viagra or cialis or something bro. It's not hard.
Accidentally slept for 4 hours cause my retarded ass forgot to click start on the timer FUCK 
I am hispanic sadly. Very white though.
Yeah, I know, it's flaccid, duh.
Okay anon that was fucking good.
the state of r9gay...
i didn't mean race but rather what kind of person you are
Please don't bully me drunkanon I am american and my skin is white as mentioned before.
americans are all gross retards
Hard question to answer but I consider myself damned and ambitious. I wanna be the best version of myself.
I will admit America is fucked however your country did not go to the moon. Our country did. Even when our country declines into a Latin American tier shithole we will still hold the title of first people to land on the moon while your country will have nothing.
Your country is not white tho
Yeah I know its fucked thats why I said its fucked however we landed on the moon and you did not.
We got guns and the best food.
In an ideal fantasy world we'd break up like Yugoslavia and I would be declared king of the Atlantic states of America and I'd first TND TJD TTD and then I'd set up a harem of cute boys which all live in my fancy Maine estate.
No no, I mean even "white" americans ain't really white
I'm so fuckin lonely and I'm going to kill myself
Me soon too probably.
Please don't joke about that.
we have so much in common, we should kiss
Well that's a lie. Miscegenation was frowned upon by most of society even into the 70s. Race mixing isn't even common with in the united states. 
People moving in from another country does not change the ancestry of the people already living there. We unlike the people south of the border our colonists were never super rapey with the natives. Its like saying all South Africans are white because Dutch and English colonists settled there. I've had this argument before so I'm just gonna quote Wikipedia
Unless you're gonna claim that being .37 percent non white on average means black as coal. 
.
Please... I need to cuddle
Why is there a bus stop at the hospital roof?
this bus goes to a farm upstate
What a surprise, annoying coalburners want to drag us down too.
Oy ese somos jotos you ain't allowed in our block no more chingada madre!
I need a cute but strict library bf
Now you can cite your sources and defend that position while i can post memes and smug anime girls. You do know who is going to win, right?
NO ANON NO PLEASE NO DEAR GOD NO PLEASE IM SORRY!!!!
white is a colonial invention which is why ONLY protestants from britain and netherlands are truly white and protestants from the rest of northern europe are white adjacent. anything else is a corruption of the term forced by germany because they were to disorganized to do anything good before the end of 19th century but they wanted to be white(they failed so they decided to ruin racial science for everyone white instead)
Yeah but no one uses White like that. We live in the 21st century(sadly) White just means anyone of European descent.
I accept my victory with grace. You did good but you need at least 10 more years of practice to beat me uwu
i dont wanna touch it with my hand...
what is this a sympton of?
this slackening is why there are no whites anymore
Anyone like fashion here. Can you teach me.
I can't escape it. It is so over. 
have no friends
no boyfriend
people laugh at me
the west has fallen
society has collapsed
https://youtu.be/xrQ7N_aW-sE [Embed]
Post armpit plz
Learn about complementary colors and branch out with different accessories and combos. Thrift for this imo because you might need to bulk up your wardrobe. Pay attention to fit and silhouette. Look at other people's clothes and notice them. Like my podiatrist who rocks the newbalance 550s.
develop your personal schtyle!
Wish i didn't get bored so quickly of trolling foo's. It's more fun than most things.
Fashion is easy
Styling does not matter attractiveness is a scam billions must die
see that's what I've been saying man so true!!!
unironically i love looking like some bum from the 60s but i cant complete the look because i must shave my face
bitches and whores, dude
bitches and whores
where? can you link the thread?
can I sue for this? I swear half of the chop I had to throw away because it was bone.
the bone is good for flavor, just carve it out before serving
I dont know if the thread is till up and I'm too lazy too look but this was the webm posted
it is over
Hungry as fuck and my throat hurts like hell. Thinking about buying some clothes but I'm currently broke. 
How are my r9gay boys doing today? Good I hope.
true crime isnt a gay thing right?
tfw met a legitimate himbo who's a friend of a friend
nice, sounds hot.
i'mma ball without you
I don't think I'd like that kind of person. I'd find them annoying and they'd sense it so even if I didn't -really- dislike them they'd avoid me out of politeness.
Tbh I'm starting to understand the appeal of body pillows and it scares me. The cat didn't piss on my cringe spot when she pissed on the floor tho so that's nice.
Crying spot, not cringe spot.
They hate me cuz they ain't me lol
I hate you because you aren't picrelated.
I have a bowie knife and i will use it if i have to
Cool ig. Do you box though? Or dance ig, same difference?
I dance while i box and i box while i dance
what sorcery is this?
no don't kill yourself dude
Just go to the dating apps and have some fun
Actual demon spawn
Unfathomably based. I'm learning boxing but I cant learn dance until I lose a few more pounds.
You can do more than just whoring around you can like meet someone cool and go to a normal date with them
alright gaybots. who here /drunk/ tonight?
What's your BMI? Origineh
And then have slutty sex and never see them again???
Ummm? I'm 6'1, 225 lb. Idk how to calculate BMI. What's origineh? Been running to get that down, shooting for 190
sometimes you'll be rejected, others you will be the one doing the rejecting. One time it will work out. 
It only needs to work once
dumb newfaggot
Fact check true, I am. What about it sparky?
You should be ashamed of it.
not me, I'm still in work hours and tonight will be too warm
lol my shitpost was right on the money
I have no shame, I am literally on r9k.
you're not so shameless, you're still a virgin
i wonder what average gays think about.
How does that make me less shameless? It's not shame but pride that makes me virgin. I don't want to lose my virginity to a mediocre hookup as a pudgy loser lol.
Try doing some fancy footwork exercises for boxing. It's kinda like dancing lol
That doesn't seem too bad. Fatties can dance too. What type od dance would you like to learn?
use a dating app (not a hookup app) to find a bf, then lose your virginity to him when you're ready.
Based and antibrazilpilled
I dunno. To be honest, I don't know anything about it.
Yes, but I want to get in shape first.
in my mind i can picture a world without war and i hate it
I want to abduct him and treat him like this
Hallo Hallo!!
Hey anony
What got u horny to-day?
You like gokarts?
I like all cars
Hope youre doing well and had a nice birthday, if it happened already!
This but i get underneath his shirt and nip at him
Is a "mediocre hookup" the best you can get? 
Why don't you lose your virginity in the way that befits your standards?
not until may 14th, which this year is also mother's day as a nice little 'fuck you' from the universe.
Please don't make fun of me. I am white and americanized. 
Thank you dear sir. 
I am going to take a shower now cause I stink. I haven't eaten all day cause my throat hurts. 
I hope the Peruvian gets killed by his local gang. 
Love you storyanon happy early birthday.
When you try, you'll eventually get it right, even if you have to face rejection sometimes
Are you on a diet or is this just another excuse? Don't postpone it forever
Maybe it's more a bit of encouragement
*hugs*
How you been?
do this to me, hug me like you mean it dammit
Hehehehe
Thanks for the love venti nony
I hope you get Gangbanged to~~
What's your favorite berserk battle tho?
Why's your throat sore?
Don't talk to me shitskin. 
I have been reborn into a better person but my hate for south americans and sex havers remain the same. 
Gonna go shower now.
about the same, trying to get by day to day. The lawyer didn't call with the medicaid bill so I'll likely call on Monday to ask what's happening with that.
Once I get that, like I have said before, I'll be able to know if I keep the house or not.
you're still the same lonely gay dying for a bf. You just can't admit it
Earlier in the thread you said you were hispanic
you ARE the shitskin, shitskin
How much money do you have right now? How exactly are you buying food and stuff?
Im probably as white as u r
Have a nice shower!
I will pester you as long as you post here
Show legos! Show plushies!! 
Go have sex as well and let's be fwens!!
Why do you stink?
I have over 200k in the bank right now, as well as a credit card which I use to buy everything, then pay off the bill every month so I don't get interest.
He has like 200k but he's shit with money
Have you looked for cash stashes around the house?
Some people keep those
Hmm.
Also
This is been long, i guess you rather not deal with it much but, you should maybe start asking around and think of a different lawyer
Remember to stay hidrated boys
I have very white skin. 
I'm honestly gonna what berserk right now after I shower. It sounds really good. I got a flu or something I feel fucked up.
I got enemies, got a lot of enemies
Got a lot of people tryna drain me of my energy
this is already the second one I've been to. Plus it may not be in yet, he said it takes around 4-5 weeks and it's just now going on 4.
as for cash stashes, mom liked to pay cash for things so I have roughly 2000 in cash that was in the safe. I don't think she's put money anywhere else, and if my grandparents did we'd have found it by now, or it was taken by the workers before we moved in.
Here in Peru people think the flu is a myth
You should try sleeping some, dry your hair well and get plushies!!
My favorite of aaaaaall fights i think it's against the angels/inquisitors
Hmm
Or. When Griffiths saves the capital
I just surprised my husband with some lovely cologne and I think he enjoyed it a lot!
bitch you don't have a husband
At least I'm trying to cook and be frugal with money. I could order takeout for every meal.
Who said history can't be fun?
https://youtu.be/S5_YiVgd5wY [Embed]
I see, oh well, how your cooking going?
Have you watched vids on it ?
Anon, that's a risky move imo But glad it went well
Just in case you're not aware: buying food to cook is cheaper than eating out, so try to do that as much as you can
Yes I do. I love him a lot.
Thanks! he really loves my care for him.
Imagine if you took the time you spend on videogames and put it into dating apps
decent. my only major fuck up was on Monday when I tried to cook a chuck steak in the skillet instead of the oven like mom always did. It was burned on the outside but still too rare for my liking instead, but mostly it so tough and fatty I couldn't eat most of it. 
Today I went to the store and got a bunch of meat, so I'm planning on cooking most days this week.
These people need to be holocausted. You come into my threads. My homeland and wreck up the place and expect me to sit down and take it. No. Our patience runs out boyfriend haver. Soon you will not be tolerated. 
TOTAL BFH DEATH 
https://youtu.be/ZJ26fFLNLB4 [Embed]
No thanks.
Or you could just get a bf and chill
Oh I'm quite aware and knew this before mom passed away. Going out somewhere was always much more expensive than cooking. We normally ate out once a week, either a fast place or a pizza. I have kept this pattern for the most part, except in the first few weeks where I did order pizza a lot.
Boys wearing thongs can't be beat.
That sounds nice
Hopefully will be very yum next times
Oh yes, greeks be superior
Or you could just go to taco bell and get some food and talk. Have you tried that? 
That's all it takes. You'd know that if you had tried.
He always has appreciated my cooking the most! I always feel beloved by him on a daily basis.
you need to go back to twitter.com
What are these taliban sim pics youre Posting?
What kind of food you make?
Possible new kanye album soon I'm excited.
further more admitting you like femboys is basically telling the world that you are a creep who should not be allowed around minors. 
Your roman femboy fantasy is straight up just you wanting to fuck a minor. You are a CREEP nigga. You are DISGUSTING nigga!!!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pederasty
Sadly I couldn't really find Sims 4 Burqa CC, so I had to settle with the niqab. Lots of dead links.. I make various meals for Mortimer! I made fish and chips for him once. For breakfast I have made him omelettes and toast.
True
This is true
Oh !!
Those Sound amazing!!!
So yum! So yum! So yum!!
it's okay to like femboys when you are young, but need to grow out of them as you age.
Also, what about twinks?
Id. Say mostly just same, it stems from the same itch
Would you vote for him if he ran for Office?
I heard many muricans joking about it but So they did about Trump
You think it could happen?
When I grow old I'll probably have a hard on for guys with mustaches but not right now. Better stick to people my age. I am also pretty feminine so I find it to be less odd for me to like feminine types of men.
no one will fuck you
What about beards?
No way fag!
Beards can be good to. It's something I'll have to develop a taste for.
dude, you have to like 300lb muscle bound beefcake body builders or you're a pedo!
the absolute sate of masc4masc
the /gaygen/ discord is making fun of you fags
you are straight if you are attracted to this
That is not what anyone said
You are making stuff up in your head
All I said was that people who like femboys are kind of "sus" as the kids say.
Tell them to suck my dick Lol.
if it doesn't have tits and has a dick and you get hard to it, you're gay.
What's /gaygen/ like?
Please submit pictures of your testicles (multiple angles) in leu of in person penis inspection day. Thank you
prove it with a screenshot or it didn't happen
Going to enter and debate the fuck out of them. 2v1? Nah bitch make it 10v1 idc
yeah, you have to like skinnyfats like you or you aren't gay
fit men and people who take care of themselves are not femboys
its a certain aesthetic and kind of mind set and I think you know that
You are completely insane and trying defend pederasty. A man can have a nice body and not also be trying to be as effeminate and young looking as possible
yeah, you have to like ugly people like you or you aren't gay
Would you date 17 and a half year old femboy if he was reaaaaaaaaly racist, anon?
Are you the underage neet dude on the discords
I never said that either
like i said 
you are actively trying to defend pederasty and thats it.
I am not underage or neet. I am a dude though
you gay sick fuck
you do realize that pederasty is gay history right? Like for most of history gay relationships are older men with younger boys, who then grow up to take boys as lovers as the cycle continues.
16 is legal here amerinigger
what's pedastry
Im way too old for that now.
Yes and that is disgusting. I do not care about the history of it.
I do not care. Sorry mate but you are a creep.
Why do ugly old guys get so defensive when other fags like young looking dudes? Are they really that insecure?
I hope you die. You don't belong here.
Post invite faggot !!
imagine using the trannycord botnet for any reason
I hear they like older guys
just lie and say you are 18 and then a few years later when you turn 18 for real be like "surprise". i dont think your boyfriend will hold it against you.
How do old anons cope with the fact that no one finds them attractive?
whisky and pills mostly
i'm the nigga with the hair singing about popping pills fucking bitches living life so trueeeee
simping for boys with daddy issues
How do we stop them? How can force them to change their laws?
mmmm kid cuisine
You mean the
Couldn't you marry 12 year olds 70 years ago?
well I'm not old but I have question why are you here? 
you are ugly dude, no one finds you attractive either.
I'm attractive and old.
you can do that in some states now I'm pretty sure 
however its a moral thing
even in the 50s child marriage was not normal nor moral.
yes but in reality that was rare. Most people married in their early 20s.
there's no winning either way desu just leave me to my shitposting i don't want anyone i don't want anything anymore
there's a nice middle ground in your mid-upper 20s where you aren't dumb and impulsive but still decently cute.
I get compliments by strangers on the street way too often lol
your mom thinks i'm a cutie ;) 
so do irl gay friends say 'I fucked your dad' instead of I fucked your mom?
yeah tell me about it, it's lonely here in no man's land. in any case it's temporary and not worth playing the roulette wheel just to have him or you get ugly and then have the relationship break down at this point
Ok
my mom is a whore
i don't care
How do I find a virgin husband before I turn 21?
Do you meet guys in your daily life?
wasn't venti asking the same thing? did venti switch to griffith posting?
No. I barely go outside. Planning on getting a job soon though.
I have been reborn into something better.
good job babe proud of u
love, your secret admirer
Fakecels get the bullet. No, they get the blade. Post neck please >~&lt;
They really aren't. Men peak in their 30s. 
You're just a pedophile
Seriously? She deserves a better son and i mean that *spits*
old wrinkly dudes in their 60s and 70s are ugly though. 30 is not old, despite all trolling by zoomers here.
not shaving armpits is ew
idk i think it's fine as long as you don't sweat. i've come around on hair, it's basically like a bit of added softness.
why would i do that originally speaking
I've never had more than peach fuzz on my armpits.
I feel like I look average but I've had a lot of sus horny sounding comments directed at my appearance.
i will be slim, silver and elfin in my 60s and 70s
too lazy to shave
ive been hairy since I was like 14
Shaved my arms a week ago. It's okay but I miss my hair. 
Also I'm thinking about waxing because body hair and facial hair is annoying as fuck but I don't know how to use wax.
So i can pick a blade that best suits you. I will end you, that much is certain, but i'm a nice guy. I will choose the weapon that best suits you. Think about it
choose whichever. give me the express service please and thank you
I don't understand fags who like bodyhair. It's so much nicer to touch smooth legs than to feel bodyhair between your fingers. This isn't debatable. Try it out.
Not to mention it looks better.
It's not hard
Tho, id advice you get a wax melter, maybe try veet instead or waxing pads
They are somewhat cheaper and easy to use
Wax is a bit hard to keep warm long enough, and Pulling does hurt a lot
Why you. Miss your hair?
Not having pithair just feels weird to me. Don't exactly miss it though. I will ask one of my female relatives about waxing, see if I can get any sort of response.
I wanna lick hairless armpits mmmmmmmm
I shaved my armpits once but it was pretty uncomfortable and it grew back pretty quickly. Not worth
Pithair ?
I see
Never had it, i figure it would be uncomfy
Tho i guess the itch would be too
hormone disorder or underage?
Bodyhair is one of the best things about men
Shocker
You're thinking about waxing because you're a self declared tranny
Forcefully shave all men
Pretty sure both underaged boys and girls have pit hair
Not only troons be into it
Feeling soft is the best
No. Feel free to remain a virgin
Disorder
Im the cum demon!!
Haunting the thread
Also i did hrt for a while, so i guess that kind of aggravated it
If you mean arm pit
Nop, actually not all people have much body hair
I don't like seing him awake at strange times. What is he even doing now? Weirdo
He's not going to fuck you bro
It checks out
Or anybody, lmao
I didn't get mine until 15 and I was definitely using this site before then so I'm sure there are people here young enough to not have armpit hair.
Probably the hormone blockers. Estrogen won't prevent armpit hair. Also just more proof that the bullshit about hormone blockers being "reversible" "temporary" etc is completely false.
Not quite
And I didn't have it before hrt either
Yeah, it is bullshit
Many have all sorts of side effects, maybe not as serious but still
It isn't true
I wonder what peruslut's relationship with his parents is.
I can go to sleep peacefully knowing i made the world a better place. Good night /r9gay/
Can you tell me why trannies are all such horrible people? When I first found out about them as a kid I thought they were like everyone else, with some being bad and some being good. But I've yet to meet a good one, they've all been just completely rotten people. Just recently I was playing an indie game with a small playerbase and a tranny was in the multiplayer mode being a piece of shit for no reason. Like what is the point, and why is it always so constant? Before that, I was in a chatroom and a tranny got mad at two other users for talking about a topic that he thought was boring. But he wasn't even online at the time when the other two started talking.
You don't sound like a good person yourself
Trannies are bad because my post sounded mean? Have you discovered a secret related to reverse causality that I'm unaware of?
i forgot how boring you fags can be
Well
There's many thing, emotional instability, neglect of other problems they have, not passing, puching that fact on other people as a way to lash out, Lack of empathy, some also get mad over politics or how the community uses them, some get involved with toxic sides of it
Even myself, don't think I'm out of this
So yeah, maybe we aren't good people, but i don't think it's everyone
Maybe just all that have to say they were or are part of it
Not that anon but I think its just due to them being entitled because every corporation and media influencer and such has bent the knee completely to them and they are also just mentally ill even ignoring the transgenderism itself being mental illness. All trannies have some form of problem with their brain. Whether it be bpd or schizophrenia or depression or anxiety. They are all basketcases who hate themselves. These people are probably not gonna be figures which people want to look up to.
Yeah
A bit harsh but youre not that far, tho i think you are mostly talking about those who get very into the lgbt community and make it their whole personality
They really haven't.
Don't let your self hatred make you side with people who hate you
Dude straight up I'm Yukio Mishima mode(no i have not read his books. All I know is that he was a faggot and a based Nationalist. Oh and he looked cool)
mishima was pretty based. confessions of a mask and especially forbidden colors bleed with the utmost kino homosexuality-steeped-in-severe-misogyny that will basically never be seen again in japan or out of.
Thanks nony
Maybe there *is* some of that in there
I don't even understand how disliking transgenders means self hatred. Its not like you're hating a group you are in. You are hating a completely separate people from you.
trans ""people"" aren't people
I always see people online talking about how ___ tranny is "one of the good ones", but it always ends up being fake. I see all these names being pushed around, contrapoints, blair white... but they are all just more of the same. Condescending, passive aggressive, inconsiderate, rude.
The thing is I never wanted to be a hater, but they just won't stop being so hateable. Growing up on the internet, I would read all sorts of racist things about blacks, but I never developed a racist attitude towards them, and over time as I met more of them in real life my notion that they were mostly good people was confirmed. Same thing with mexicans, jews, gays, whatever group. Only when it comes to trans is it impossible to find good people no matter how hard I tried.
Do you guys... like other guys?
Anon don't tell anyone else this but... 
*whispers*
Yes.
he wasn't gay
and if you look west with the right pair of eyes at sunset in summer you can just about see the high watermark where the crest turned back and crocs never again achieved that level of success
Again, i tho this mostly the ones that get too much into it for being more nby, not passing and into lgbt groups way too much
Otherwise
How would you even know they are trans? Trans people really don't want to shout it out or talk about it
The ones who do have more issues that aren't always propperly addresed
Personally i just know of one or 2 internet peoples who look creepy, haven't dealt with other trans people at all
Look maybe he was just getting inspiration for his book but idk man
Straight people do this. Probably just curious.
Man we need more homosexual nationalists
Ernst Rohm got killed 
Mishima could of not even been a homosexual
Milo yiannopoulos was a fed and pedophile
Douglas P of Death in June may or may not be a larper
I need to get into politics to boost our representation
I think the average straight person would probably go to gay bars pretty often if it wasn't considered weird or taboo.
read his books; you will come to realize he wasn't gay
no, we don't. Lmao for the love of god, just no. The fewer of those, the better
wow
the self hatred is wild
they are probably great places to get away from women, right?
anon please, can't you see the crystal clear hate bias of someone who says "every member of [x] group is a bad person" and substantiates that thought with internet anecdotes? 
That person has definitely not tried very hard to find good trannies, or any trannies at all. The only trannies he cares about are the ones who give him an excuse to keep hating on them
Some things shouldn't be represented, like you.
First of all, this "passing" trans thing is idiotic. You have to literally get surgery all over your body, use makeup, and then use camera angles in order to hide it. "what about intersex peopl-" what about them? They are not trans.
As for irl trans, I met two of them, and both left terrible impressions. One of them was a complete asshole for no reason. There was a presentation and the trans kept insulting the presenter. Why?? The other didn't do anything actively malicious, but also literally did not shower and was lazy as fuck. And I know what you're going to say "there are plenty of people who are lazy and don't shower" yeah sure but that doesn't mean they are good people.
tfw no NKVD bf
You haven't really met any since you don't leave your room and have no social life, but even as you lie and pretend, you reveal the truth
soviet larpism is lame!!!
I met two irl. Interacted with many more online. Including you, I guess I gotta add you to the list of totally rotten trans.
Are you sure you're one of the good people?
/r9gay/ has fallen.
Billions must larp.
I'm not really trans, just not blinded by prejudice. 
I wish you would add yourself to the rotten people list, at least it would show you have some level of self awareness
Can you explain to me why the majority of trans are racist? Isn't it kind of hypocritical when they are so sensitive about any trans criticism.
he certainly had homosexual proclivities and relations but ultimately i believe he faced enough pressure from family and society to abandon such for the most part
No
I am allowed to larp
you are NOT allowed to larp
Larpism is only good for the soul when I agree with it. 
https://youtu.be/2BSLsAwO9LI [Embed]
Billions must larp, anony.
you niggas is buggin
You're gonna larp with an outfit like that? disgraceful. You might as well wear a potato sack. Now picrel is a REAL outfit.
Black uniforms are gay tbqdesuh
Black uniforms are what the kids call "drippy". Even the greatest people(Anglos) agreed. You can keep lying to yourself but you know this is peak aesthetics.
it's all so tiresome
They certainly do it well, still more of a fan of blue/green.
almost as old as you? how the fuck old are you? dogs live like at most 15-16 years on average
She was 16 and I'm 18.
YOU SICK FUCK ANON JESUS
i just watched the video of this and he doesnt say anything remotely like this in that scene, hes saying some shit about sitting down and standing up.
honestly anon i don't even know what it's from, i just keep seeing it posted as a meme and it brings me much joy because it's silly
I thought our love was strong
But now it's all gone
I can't believe it's over
I thought we'd last forever
I gave you all my love
But it wasn't enough
You tore my heart in two
And I don't know what to do
https://youtu.be/NbMYWAMlVQU?t=272 [Embed]
that's a lot in dog years
you too
Just went fucking crazy on tf2 holy shit.
Top scored like 5 times as Spy and got 100 points once.
Feeling good tonight.
I just jacked off to porn of Dabi and Shigaraki fucking. I don't even like my hero academia desu.
thinking about it
i regret my actions
i need to stop jacking off 
disgusting
Anybody wanna talk? About life? Your goals? Your ambitions? Your hobbies? Your livelihood?
I am bored.
life
I do nothing all day besides stare at my computer screen
your goals
do not die so i can continue staring at my computer screen
your ambitions
to stare at my computer screen for as long as possible
your hobbies
staring at my computer screen
i stare at my computer screen
Ill bite
life
enjoying it, hating it.
Goals
Get my 5 level, get to a point to where I don't feel like a useless idiot at work. maybe make staff by the end of my contract
Ambitions
Take after Ganghis Khan and Impregnate all the women in SEA
Hobbies
Gaming, drinking, and working out mostly. Some Martial arts ig
Professional functioning Autist
what about you, brother?
same but I want to travel a bit too
i'm still in school rotting away and gaming and shitposting here occasionally. I wanna move out and try and get a bf if that would be possible.
I wanna have a womans face with a wolf cut and a ripped twunk body.
sister** mb
I mean good luck ig
I wouldn't be able to move out in my home state without living paycheck to paycheck. Mooch off ur parents until ur financially stable :)))
I can't say anything ab relationships as I'm too mentally unhealthy for that. maybe one of these frogs could but I doubt it lmao
this is the hayabusa super express bound for shin-aomori
You guys are the fucking worst. It's like you have a chip in your brain that makes you fail to realize how fucking faggy you are. Just fuck off already
I gotta get my fruity ass to bed. 
Good night citizens of r9gay, as I venture off into a deep slumber dreaming of the possibilities in my life to come.
Goodnight anony, see you on here again soon.
Bitch you're here everyday. If you want a bf, get out. 
You're too busy hating everyone who is not a lonely virgin like you. No bf for you as long as you keep being this dumb.
You need to use dating apps asap and have a date. It's perfectly doable, it will start as computer screen staring and you're used to that
My dad put our dog down a couple of weeks ago. As sad as it sounds, life goes on and you soon don't really think about them anymore.
Feeling smug today
Stupid fucking whore at the supermarket wouldn't sell me booze
I should have unleashed my Aryan rage and murdered her on the spot but I'm too attractive for prison
If you wish to leave a record -- NO!! tomenaiiiide
just stop being an incel, alright? Just stop it and then you'll get a bf. 
No bf for incels.
I would like to put my dad down and get a cute dog to live with!
it is once again time to get very drunk, play runescape and shitpost in the nude
I love all of you
So DW did a poll recently and 60% of russians living in Germany believe the west caused the war. I can't imagine how much higher the number is in russia. At this point people who say not all russians are just coping.
you get lost on the way to /pol/?
Please don't drink alcohol anon, it's bad for you.
Fuck off russophobe, we stan parasites in this thread.
what's bad for me is having to live in bullshit hellworld where I have to have a job and I'm too dumb to talk to boys, alcohol is in fact my good friend
Thank you for this post, it always makes me smile when I find out a shy person is suffering.
yoooo is that franzj?!
Evil anon! You are evil! >~&lt;
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPiUN8fb3Og [Embed]
real unkind vibes in this thread, starting to understand that one guy
No you idot!!
You get a bf in there if youre hot
Idiot
Hey venti nony
Youre quirky
https://youtu.be/0AzB5ceMHAk [Embed]
Lmao >&lt;
He is ventyposter no more tho
Hell always be to me~
grith poster sounds odd
In order to heal you must change.
THIS IS SO CUUUTEEEEEE
arghrhrhehs
Another time breaking that anon's promise of not bringing it up, but oh well...
I wonder if having a bf who reassures me that nothing bad will happen if I don't do my compulsions would be effective? Or maybe he could do some kind of spell to prevent me from fearing the consequences of not responding to an intrusive thought? Either way, would be interesting to have a sacred thing in the from of a person with whom you can interact; a bastion of purity to keep the filthy thoughts away.
I missed you bun. I wish I could help. Is there anything I can do for you? Top from the bottom for a second, direct me on how to direct you.
Kinda really really wish I had a kind loving bf who was slowly gently fucking me missionary rn and I could slide my hands round the back of his neck and pull him in closer so I could kiss him slowly and curl my fingers through his hair while he groans and pants into me 
That would be neat I think
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD MORNING R9GAYNGSTERS
RISE AND SHINE? MORE LIKE RISE AND GRIND
can't believe the month is over in like 3 days. The days go by fast nowadays. 
https://youtu.be/6617VO5cOVg [Embed]
well, what do you think will happen?
I missed you too... d-dutchie(?)
Is there anything I can do for you?
Hmm wanna talk about stuff? It's usually of benefit if I distract myself with something for a time, because I tend to forget stuff rather quickly. Funny though how the things which I want to forget the most, tend to be the ones that stick around the longest :(
An interesting concept for sure.
the tranny voices are so cringe... maybe i'm just too empathetic since whenever i hear it it feels like my own throat is being scraped.
jesus fucking christ you just can't talk as anons can you, fucking hell
I will good morning post
you will not stop me
not you chudanon you're epic
I love young african american music about them killing each other.
No, just anon. We've talked a few times but honestly I've steered clear of a lasting friendship with you in the past. I'm not sure why. As much as you talk about OCD you seem kinda messy, for lack of a better word. Scatterbrained.
Going back to your 'sacred thing' 'bastion of purity,' I feel like that's a ticking bomb waiting to go off when something inevitably causes your perception of him to become soiled too, undermining not just your attraction but also the dynamic between you.
alri alri you lot x
I am only ever anon and no one has ever recognised me
and that's why I love you so very much
Imagine having the power of invisibility, but everyone hates you when you turn it off.
Welcome to my life.
you are such a faggot griffanon
https://youtu.be/cHcVU5cGUNE [Embed]
listen to real music
Girls with toe rings always love having their feet worshipped
this is true x
Hispaniola is proof that francophones are bad for a country.
what anime is grffin even from? Is he pedobait like venti? Explain to a non-weeb.
feet are the only attractive part of the female body desu
What is the point of posting this here?
because I can 
cheers x
he's from family guy
Griffth is from the Manga/Anime series berserk. He is very much an adult but he isn't even the best husbando in his series. Guts is much better.
Becoming very bad, or generally having trouble with the few things which I care about. And besides that a huge part of it is my desire to simply not have filthy thoughts while doing cool stuff. Even if I lost all delusions (although self-fulfilling prophecies do exist) of their influence I am still left with the knowledge of them happening. And I really dislike being aware that I just had a bad thought while engaging in a passion of mine.
...sorry :c
A bit paranoid now ngl.
you seem kinda messy
How come?
There is only a handful of things that could do that. And if he were my bf then those would be by definition not of concern. I'm more worried about getting too avoidant and psychopathic on him. But other than that I'd be probably ultra clingy :D
Finally someone else said it!
Enjoy your ban ;3
I sorry, vomit
the only good anime husbandos are Reinhard, Kircheis, and Yang
Listen to this shit my nigga. It will change your mind chuddy. 
https://youtu.be/YFfGgeddAc4 [Embed]
you niggas ain't even bumping the real shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2Pe9ZN7-4c [Embed]
I just can't into LOTGH. I can't stand subbed anime. I don't care if that makes me some brainlet who le cant read but I'm not gonna fucking sit down and read 100 episodes.
yes my husbando is Chairman Shengji Yang
Another banger, anon formerly known as ventiposter isn't shooting blanks
Why are modern rappers SO soft?
so, what, it's some pathological desire to have mastery over your own thoughts? what makes a thought filthy or bad? do you think your hyper awareness of these thoughts makes them worse, in that "don't think about pink elephants" sort of way?
Listen to this shit my nigga
https://youtu.be/baRCq3twqww [Embed]
this is the REAL rap music unlike your soft bitchass shit
I forgot, you don't use discord do you? Do you ever move outside of this thread? I want to develop a relationship with you. Let's stop being strangers.
I think hat the set of thoughts which I don't wanna have is smaller than the set of those towards which I'm at least ambivalent. I just don't wanna have certain thoughts and nothing more than that. So I don't think that I'm very concerned about having mastery over my all my thoughts, just the bad ones. The thing that differentiates them from neutral or good thoughts is that they feature, or that I associate them with, concepts and/or ideas and/or people who I find vehemently disgusting. And in my experience the pink elephant dilemma only happens when I become aware of an impending action's importance. That action then becomes the prime target for corruption by the thoughts.
Nope, no cords on this end sadly. But I have carried a conversation out of this thread a couple of times, although I usually eventually give up on them... I'd prefer talking here nonny, and if you dislike receiving cringy messages then you better too desu
this is real rap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJwKKKd2ZYE [Embed]
I suppose my question is whether it upsets you more that you have these thoughts at all than the thoughts themselves, but from your response here it doesn't sound like it. Is it then that those thoughts are so powerful that simply having them is enough to send you into an episode? 
Concepts and ideas are very different to people. Are these people whom you have suffered abuse from in the past? What of these concepts and ideas, do they have a particular theme? Sexual, violent, something like that? Is there an example you can divulge?
Does an action's importance have to relate to these negative thoughts in any way, or is it simply that your mind finds tenuous links from these negative thoughts to anything that is taking up a significant portion of your mental space?
Forgive the prying nature of my questions, and of course I'll understand if you aren't comfortable answering them. I just find this interesting.
Very high energy today. Going to do damage lets gooooooo
What'cha gonna damage, anon?
You just don't try like ever. Come on let's do this together. 
First, go to the play store and get ready to download an app
Jesus fucking christ do you ever turn it off
Eat shit, Friday is my day to get drunk and chill out because I spent all week getting disrespected by my cunt boss, step off
I think I might like to get some clingy, cringy messages. In private, just between the two of us. It's aok if you would rather keep it in the thread, but I have a lot of trouble keeping it up between threads without any added structure. That's part of why we haven't connected before this. Maybe we can set up a scheduled correspondence?
Getting drunk alone? That's such a waste. 
Why don't you try the apps today so you can have a date with someone? You can drink together at a bar or something.
You will find out, eventually, that this place is the worst possible place to start a relationship. And these people are always going to disappear
I know you aren't one hundred percent incapable of reading people's posts so I'll point this out before I just start hiding you - talking to some stranger face to face in a public setting sounds like the single lease appealing thing I could do right now.
Such as?
History should be divided into eras based on Bobby's incarceration status.
there exist a timeline where I don't have OCD
;-;
It all depends on the mood and my general level of misery at the moment, but yes, I have had a good number of times where one thought escalated into an episode of inner lunacy. Luckily those moments seem to have gotten rarer.
Absolutely not (to me at least :3). "People don't matter only what they represent." - Steel Man
The only people who I dislike primarily due to abuse are my parents, everyone else never did me any socially recognized harm (I say this because their ugliness is very much a most grievous form of harm to me). But it all still very much seems to have some sorts of traumatic underpinnings. But think of getting scared by an image, for instance, and not necessarily an event.
The closest that I can get to discerning a theme among the taboo thoughts is by saying that they all have a connection towards things I deem: "rural", "traditional", "right-wing", etc.
And I don't know if I should give an example, I fear that I'm thinking too much about these unpleasant things. I do something and then a visual thought pops up and suddenly the thing I was doing starts feeling "dirty". Metaphysical contamination obsessive-compulsive disorder they call it.
Hmmm what stuff do you enjoy doing anon?
That's the part where your rationality should take over. It's like taking a bitter medicine. Sure it tastes horrible. But you go through that unpleasant moment so you can reap the benefits in the future. Like hard work first, rewards later. 
Of course the idea of facing your fears isn't appealing. But the real question here is this: do you find the idea of never having a bf appealing? So why are you headed in that direction? 
Be reasonable. Face your fears and the universe will reward you with coming of age experiences
So let me get it right... You basically feel ashamed and self hating for being gay?
on second thought I'm just going to go take a bath
good posts only for the next ninety minutes please
transbro here, i hope you bros are doing well today.
UNTIL MY "UNDETECTABLE EXTERMINATION", I, FRANCIS E. DEC, ESQUIRE, 29 MAPLE AVENUE, HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. I STAND ALONE AGAINST YOUR MAD DEADLY WORLD-WIDE CONSPIRATORIAL GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD COMMUNISM WITH WALL to WALL DEADLY GANGSTER PROTECTION, LIFE LONG SWORN CONSPIRATORS MURDER INCORPORATED ORGANIZED CRIME, THE POLICE AND JUDGES, the DEADLY SNEAK PARROTING PUPPET GANGSTERS USING ALL THE GANGSTER DEADLY FRANKENSTEIN CONTROLS.
THESE HANGMAN ROPE SNEAK DEADLY GANGSTERS, THE JUDGES AND THE POLICE trick-trap, rob, wreck, butcher, and murder the people to keep them TERRORIZED IN GANGSTER FRANKENSTEIN EARPHONE RADIO SLAVERY for the COMMUNIST GANGSTER GOVERNMENT and CON ARTIST PARROTING PUPPET GANGSTER PLAY BOY SCUM ON TOP. THE SECRET WORK of ALL POLICE in ORDER to MAINTAIN A COMMUNIST CLOSED SOCIETY.
The same world-wide mad deadly COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD that CONTROLS YOU AS A TERRORIZED GANGSTER FRANKENSTEIN EARPHONE RADIO SLAVE, PARROTING PUPPET.YOU ARE A TERRORIZED MEMBER of the "MASTER RACE", WORLD-WIDE FOUR BILLION EYE-SIGHT TELEVISION CAMERA GUINEA PIG COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD "MASTER RACE." YOUR LIVING THINKING MAD, DEADLY WORLD-WIDE COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD SECRET OVER-ALL PLAN: WORLD-WIDE LIVING DEATH FRANKENSTEIN SLAVERY to EXPLORE AND CONTROL THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE. With the ENDLESS "STAIRWAY TO THE STARS." Namely the MAN MADE INSIDE-OUT PLANETS with NUCLEONIC POWERED SPEEDS MUCH FASTER THAN THE SPEED OF LIGHT. LOOK UP AND SEE THE GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD CONCOCTED NEW FAKE STARRY SKY. THE WORLD-WIDE COMPLETELY CONTROLLED DEADLY DEGENERATIVE CLIMATE AND ATMOSPHERE. THROUGH THE NEW WORLD ROUND TRANSLUCENT EXOTIC GASEOUS ENVELOPE, WHICH the WORLD-WIDE COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD MANIPULATES THROUGH COUNTLESS EXACTLY POSITIONED SATELLITES, THE NEW FAKE, PHONY STARS IN THE SYNTHETIC "SKY". FOR AGES BEFORE FRANKENSTEIN CONTROLS, APOIDIC NIGERS, INTERBREEDABLE WITH APES HAD NO ALPHABET, NOT EVEN NUMERALS.
THERE IS NO ESCAPE FROM THIS WORSE GANGSTER POLICE STATE, USING ALL OF THE DEADLY GANGSTER FRANKENSTEIN CONTROLS. IN 1965 C.I.A. GANGSTER POLICE BEAT ME BLOODILY, DRAGGED ME IN CHAINS from KENNEDY N.Y. AIRPORT. SINCE THEN I HIDE in FORCED JOBLESS POVERTY, ISOLATED ALONE in this LOW DEADLY NIGERTOWN OLD HOUSE.
THE BRAZEN, DEADLY GANGSTER POLICE AND NIGER PUPPET UNDERLINGS SPRAY ME WITH POISON NERVE GAS from AUTOMOBILE EXHAUSTS AND EVEN LAWN MOWERS, DEADLY ASSAULTS. EVEN IN MY YARD, WITH KNIVES, EVEN BRICKS and STONES, EVEN DEADLY TOUCH TABIN, or ELECTRIC SHOCK "FLASH LITE" EVEN REMOTE ELECTRONICALLY CONTROLLED AROUND CORNERS TRAJECTION of DEADLY TOUCH TARANTULA SPIDERS, or EVEN BLOODY MURDER "ACCIDENTS" TO SHUT ME UP FOREVER WITH A "SNEAK UNDETECTABLE EXTERMINATION", EVEN WITH TRAINED PARROTING PUPPET ASSASSINS, IN MAXIMUM SECURITY INSANITY PRISON FOR WRITING THESE UNFORGIVABLE, TRUTHFUL LETTERS.
UNTIL MY "UNDETECTABLE EXTERMINATION", I, FRANCIS E. DEC, ESQUIRE, 29 MAPLE AVENUE, HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. I STAND ALONE AGAINST YOUR MAD DEADLY WORLD-WIDE CONSPIRATORIAL GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD COMMUNISM WITH WALL to WALL DEADLY GANGSTER PROTECTION, LIFE LONG SWORN CONSPIRATORS MURDER INCORPORATED ORGANIZED CRIME, THE POLICE AND JUDGES, the DEADLY SNEAK PARROTING PUPPET GANGSTERS USING ALL THE GANGSTER DEADLY FRANKENSTEIN CONTROLS.
THESE HANGMAN ROPE SNEAK DEADLY GANGSTERS, THE JUDGES AND THE POLICE trick-trap, rob, wreck, butcher, and murder the people to keep them TERRORIZED IN GANGSTER FRANKENSTEIN EARPHONE RADIO SLAVERY for the COMMUNIST GANGSTER GOVERNMENT and CON ARTIST PARROTING PUPPET GANGSTER PLAY BOY SCUM ON TOP. THE SECRET WORK of ALL POLICE in ORDER to MAINTAIN A COMMUNIST CLOSED SOCIETY.
The same world-wide mad deadly COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD that CONTROLS YOU AS A TERRORIZED GANGSTER FRANKENSTEIN EARPHONE RADIO SLAVE, PARROTING PUPPET.
SO TRUE MY LORD
Anon sama I kneel!!!
That's unfortunate, anon, I'd let you take a bath in mine if I could
After I'm done, of course
YYOU ARE A TERRORIZED MEMBER of the "MASTER RACE", WORLD-WIDE FOUR BILLION EYE-SIGHT TELEVISION CAMERA GUINEA PIG COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD "MASTER RACE." YOUR LIVING THINKING MAD, DEADLY WORLD-WIDE COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD SECRET OVER-ALL PLAN: WORLD-WIDE LIVING DEATH FRANKENSTEIN SLAVERY to EXPLORE AND CONTROL THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE. With the ENDLESS "STAIRWAY TO THE STARS." Namely the MAN MADE INSIDE-OUT PLANETS with NUCLEONIC POWERED SPEEDS MUCH FASTER THAN THE SPEED OF LIGHT. LOOK UP AND SEE THE GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD CONCOCTED NEW FAKE STARRY SKY. THE WORLD-WIDE COMPLETELY CONTROLLED DEADLY DEGENERATIVE CLIMATE AND ATMOSPHERE. THROUGH THE NEW WORLD ROUND TRANSLUCENT EXOTIC GASEOUS ENVELOPE, WHICH the WORLD-WIDE COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD MANIPULATES THROUGH COUNTLESS EXACTLY POSITIONED SATELLITES, THE NEW FAKE, PHONY STARS IN THE SYNTHETIC "SKY". FOR AGES BEFORE FRANKENSTEIN CONTROLS, APOIDIC NIGERS, INTERBREEDABLE WITH APES HAD NO ALPHABET, NOT EVEN NUMERALS.
SLAVERY CONSPIRACY OVER 300 YEARS AGO, IDEAL TINY BRAIN APOIDIC NIGER GANGSTER GOVERNMENT EYESIGHT T.V. GANGSTER SPY CAMERAS. C. GOD "NEW WORLD ORDER" DEGENERATION with "GIFTED" with ALL GANGSTER FRANKENSTEIN CONTROLS NIGER DEADLY GANGSTER PARROTING PUPPET OR NIGER BRAIN PROGRAMMED ROBOTS DEADLY APE FRANKENSTEIN MACHINES, DEGENERATIVE DISEASE TO ETERNAL FRANKENSTEIN SLAVERY, OVER-ALL PLAN through "ONE WORLD COMMUNISM" (top secret code word), meaning WORLD-WIDE ABSOLUTELY HELPLESS AND HOPELESS SIMPLE LANGUAGE MONGREL MULATTO APOIDIC NIGERS. >>73128454
Worldwide SYSTEMATIC INSTANT-PLASTIC SURGERY BUTCHERY MURDER, "FAKE AGING", SO ALL PEOPLE ARE DEAD OR USELESS BY AGE 70. DONE AT NITE TO YOU AS A FRANKENSTEIN SLAVE. PARROTING PUPPET GANGSTER SLAVE, NOW, EVEN YOU KNOW I AM A MENACE to your world-wide mad deadly COMMUNIST GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD, THEREFORE, I MUST GO TO EXTERMINATION. BEFORE I AM EXTERMINATED BY THIS GANGSTER, COMPUTER GOD CONCOCTED AND CONTROLLED WORSE MONGREL ORGANIZED CRIME MURDER INCORPORATED GANGSTER COMMUNIST GOVERNMENT, I HAND YOU THE SECRETS TO SAVE THE ENTIRE HUMAN RACE, AND THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE.
DONATE MONEY OR EVEN A MANUAL TYPEWRITER TO ME, FOR YOUR ONLY HOPE FOR A FUTURE.
I enjoy doing lots of stuff. I go through stages of liking things. Most recently I've been in a /lit-fit/ and style phase that feels very refreshing, but a bit narcissistic.
I used to have similar stages when I was younger I think. But now I'm fully one-dimensional! Wanna list a few of them thingies that make you all giddy inside?
O.o w-what is your favorite book anon? And can you please mog me?
It's good that things seem to be getting better. I know you annoy me sometimes but you're one of us and you're alright really 
People not mattering really depends on the person, but I see your point here. Were your parents right wing, or is it something else that makes associations with rural trad aesthetic upsetting to you? Or, do you even know what it is? The way your speak about it sounds more like a pattern you've happened to observe than something consciously built, but I could be misreading you.
What about the OCD rituals themselves? I assume you're the anon who used to mention obsessive hand washing. Is it something that calms you, or are you trying to force out negative thoughts? Are you worried that your thoughts will rub off on you if you let them linger?
https://youtu.be/rvj97ImLMfE [Embed]
update
my bath bomb has turned my bath a deep purple
I am bathing in the mana pool
How can I prevent this?
I think that a defining factor in the parthenogenesis of the thoughts happened to be my immediate and greater surroundings in relation to my contrarian mindset. It's like living with the bucharest sewer people for me, so I would heavily expect that if I grew up somewhere less stinky I would have fewer brain problems, or maybe even none at all. So yeah my surrounding is/was full with things that I find disgusting.
I wash my hands because I touch things which I find dirty, if I don't then I feel all yucky. Here's a cool compulsion: I must way for at least an hour before I can move through a space where someone disgusting passed through. It's all about the aesthetics, I'm too sensitive to ugliness.
And yeah, I think I'll stop for now with the OCD inspection. So feel free to change the subject anon.
Is there an issue, genosse?
Like i said before Mr Anon. Larping is only cool when I do it. Get outta here.
I just like the aesthetic of the GDR I think. It's not my intention to come off as pretending to harbor feelings that go beyond that. But being a State Security agent does seem kinda based uwu.
thanks you too bestie
Hopefully you can figure out what you're interested in and move into other stuff too, a lot of people get stuck in one or two things their whole lives and never have anything else. 
Cooking, games, backpack trips, writing, not much actually makes me feel happy but some of them are at least fun.
I don't think I have a favorite book, it would be embarrassing to pick just one..
But I have already figured it out! It might be all fall under the same academic field, but it's nevertheless pretty diverse! There is nothing else in life for me, and I don't want it to be any different. The only thing that sucks is that my desire to live is directly proportional to the amount of fun that that limited number of subjects generates for me :/
What stuff do you write about anon? What is the current bookie that you are reading?
School is kinda lame imo
Ok from this day on I will ABSTAIN from GOYSLOP
The monitor isn't even showing anything!
Ok now i just feel sad and hopeless again. I don't want to live anymore. But at least gaming was fun :(
you're supposed to reheat them first silly
gonna reeeeee to be quite honest with you
Well, it's also very fortunate for you to clearly know what you're interested in and what your reason for living is. Most people don't have one of those, or it's something lame like family. Can I ask what yours is, or is that a secret?
I just write whatever, poems and short stories mostly. I have a few books outlined that I don't want to write because I know I won't be happy with the product. I wouldn't consider myself a writer (never published) so please don't have high expectations there. I just like to be creative
Once again calling for a global genocide of all bf Havers
It is not a secret, but I'm afraid it will have to wait until the next thread to be revealed. I spoke about the OCD in this one and therefore it feels a bit dirty, and I don't want to dirty my life's passions.
Being creative is cool anon, keep at it! What kind of books do your like to read? I mean genre-wise. Wish that I was as high-functioning as you are desu
Sorry that you feel that way. The only thing there is to say: every silver lining's got a touch of grey.
I think I know what it is anyway, at least sort of. Not something I have much knowledge of or interest in at the moment though. I'm still working on the grapes of wrath, it's fairly dry reading since it's set in the dust bowl. I just sit and play with my phone when I should be reading a lot of the time, haha. I could use a couple of suggestions for books to alternate with if you want to tell me what your favorite book is too.
Do you think that having someone to hold you accountable would help? A little structure and discipline might be the motivation you need.
heh
Should I go out with my friends and have some fun or should I stay inside and shitpost all night long? 
I feel like I'm at a crossroads between the way of the normal and the way of the incel
Going out with friends is usually the more boring choice, but you should still do it sometimes to maintain the relationship and keep it as an option. If you don't go you stop having a choice.
Autism is a curse
you should kill all of them desu
I wish to get this physique
should I go to sleep or stay up and finish off my vodka
I don't blame you it practically screams "boring", and I would find it that way too were it not for me building my entire identity around it.
But with all due respect anon, even that doesn't compare with the boredom that your novel emanates. Like seriously, you chose what has to be the most lifeless period in US history and then couple it together with the most dry literary approach out there?! That's at least what impression I get from it, and therefore will likely never proceed to actually read it. What made you choose it out of all the alternate stuff that you could instead dive into? Is the gleam of the Nobel prize that blinded you into this?
I for one don't read story books at all. So if you were looking for that kind of recommendation I'm afraid I'm at a loss, because the only story books I've read were the ones featured in my school curriculum. I also don't currently read any other types of books either, so I cannot say what my favorite book is because I haven't read it yet. But I do have a bunch of them that I undoubtedly will get around to reading, just not now. My current surroundings would be far too distracting for such a task.
haha
Hmm, a lack of femininity. I like it!
o.o ...It seems that we really did talk before huh? I-I would certainly hope that someone like that would help me out. *sigh* What I'd give for a boy to discipline me.
If you guys could have suitors who would it be? Mine would be:
King George V
Tsar Nicholas Romanov II
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
Naser al-Din Shah Qajar
Wasfi Tal
Saddam Hussein
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Andrea Giambruno
Emomali Rahmon
desu the only boy I want is the fictional one I have created entirely within my own mind
EXTRA SPICY
I think I am depressed or something
I legitmately cannot be bothered to do anything but look at 4chan all day and listen to music
Oh I almost forgot about Peter Romanov! But those are my suitors. And they all care for me.
You forgot Gaddafi dude
I'd like for tommyinnit to be my suitor
Very likely. What parts of 4chan do you look at anon? And also *kiss*
this but instead of music it's shitty youtube videos
You can have him, but he looked nice when younger.
Bashar Al Assad
Same. Wish i had more interesting things to post though.
I resent them because I'm old, is that what you wanted to hear
I did it... i thought of a gimmick but i'm not sure it is original at all, probably not. It sounds fun but i will need to figure out the details mwahahaha
Yes and you have to hate something
Oh shush it's not that bad, and it's an interesting period exactly because it's less popular to write about! There's a lot of very charming takes on freedom and independence from 18-19th century american lit. Idk. There are moving parts to the story and I can tell that it's drawing towards a meaningful conclusion, and to me that's a big part of the fun of reading. It's not just a story about a farm it's a commentary on capitalism and industrialization, or something. Actually that's probably missing the point pretty badly, again I haven't finished it.
Do you think you could keep it together and not get discouraged even if it was hard or you kept failing?
Walt Whitman
The usual.
/cm/
/int/
/tv/
/v/
/wsg/
/fa/
Sometimes when I'm feeling real spicy I'll go over to wizchan out of boredom
I feel slight joy i'm finally able to post in those 25+ threads without larping now ^_^
Oh boy I am going to make the new thread oh jolly I really hope no one steals it (wink wink)
I hope you fall in a deep pit and break both of your legs
thanks for keeping up tradition
You know me, babagirl
happy birthday, anon
make a wish
niggas really out here at 25 years old still saying "^_^"
remember the /r9gay/ #1800 thread.
sweet
niggas really out here at 25 years old still no job
sounds based
getting a job is for fags
I don't get it though. If you want a commentary on capitalism and industrialization go read Fisher or something. If you want a compelling story go watch some indie film. Why settle for the worst of both worlds?
shush
:3
Probably not :D But I wouldn't really have a choice, right?
yep totally is
I made your new thread, Friends.
HE STOLE IT
it is
NOOO YOU NEED TO BE HAPPY TO SLAVE AWAY TILL YOU DIE GOSH!!!
If you say so.
thats what is unless you're in a career field which you extremely enjoy
I'm sorry but working as an electrian for 60 years or working in an office for 60 years does not seem very fun
nearly everyone would not work if they didn't have to
you're not being edgy nor contrarian to love work
you are just being stupid
Maybe find that kind of work you like to do?
No sorry I can't do that....it's too much work...sigh...
I am so sorry.
