Do you agree with acclaimed kickboxer, entrepreneur and intellectual Andrew Tate?
I don't take advice from bald men or swarthoids.
 BREATHE AIR
 YOU DONT NEED A VAPE
I think if you listen to Tate you're a retard who lacks guidance and the world would be better off without you
And what if you're disabled and can't change your life? This guy is a fucking retard.
acclaimed kickboxer
Wasn't he the kickboxing equivalent of a minor league champion?
Second, Why would a Brit ever going into kickboxing instead of boxing? There are so many more opportunities for success in the latter, so I iimagnine you'd only opt for the former if you weren't a great athlete.
Why people try to disagree with this? Sorry, but you're coping
Das rite. Depression isn't real.
https://youtu.be/FcZCZkekxxg [Embed]
Sorry I don't take advice from people who were just poisoned to death.
His grindset led him in jail, i'm good.
this is the type of person who listens to Andrew Tate: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/WLBr6gH8vb8
this is the type of shit hes produced.
Anyone whos actually an "Alpha" doesn't listen to his advice, as they're already secure, charismatic and attractive enough that they don't need it. They can just "be themselves" which is advice they always give, which is just a nice person, and they're nice because they're not insecure or defensive.
This means the only people who listen to his advice are sweaty nerds, losers, incels, etc. who were all doomed from the start, and his advice will never work on them because they just look pathetic copying him.
Mhm. So men who are doomed from the start, they just lay down and rot?
I don't believe in alpha, sigma bullshit, but being a man is all about grinding.
Andrew Tate is just a grifter though.
What he is talking about is what normies who've never known worse call depression. Not clinical depression. By the very definition of 'you feel sad', he doesn't even understand what clinical depression is.
Why would you assume he watches andrew tate?
Who the fuck would listen to some dude who takes blows to the head for a living?
Kickboxer in a UK minor league, it's almost shameful to admit you were only that good.
This video's kinda based. Really agree about how are society has begun to glorify openness and vulnerability in a way that has been twisted into having to voice every minor complaint. I used to do that shit and it makes you completely miserable because your just focusing on the bad all the time. Actually trying to have a strong will and ignoring negative feelings makes you feel better because your not sitting there dwelling and stewing in your own shit. Stoicism, mental toughness, whatever you want to call it just doesn't seem to be valued. An exception maybe being in the military and athletics.
the real question is how is it that people fall for the same "this is what real masculinity is" horseshit every single time? tate is the exact same as all the other grifters except he knows how to abuse social media algorithms to advertise his shilling
this is an old game, how do people fall for it every time? when I hear that people give this man thousands of dollars, my only thought is, how fucking stupid are you, do you live under a rock?
but being a man is all about grinding
nope, sorry shlomo, no pussy no work, simple as
depression isn't "you feel sad", depression is "you don't feel"
Andrew Tate
same guy who lost a twitter fight with Greta and sits in a gypsy jail all day
Not men, just loser types, men or women. If you have a speech impediment that can't be fixed with speech therapy, you're fucked, no matter how you act, in fact acting like an "alpha" will make things worse as more people will laugh at you.
If you're an autist you're fucked, same reason.
I hope this was carved into his Romanian jailcell wall while he was being raped nightly by some roided out Gyppo freak.
Depression isn't being sad. It's being completely unable to be happy, with anything, no matter what.
You're somehow as retarded as Tate while hating on him. Congrats
