I look like pic related and you wouldn't believe the amount of hate I get from literally everyone around me. I'm surprised when I don't get harassed for a day. You're probably thinking "boo hoo poor, pretty person" but listen to me, even women hate my guts, complete strangers. It fucking sucks. Even when I downplay my looks it happens.
The only people who give me compliments on my looks are homosexual men, geriatric ladies, and my mother.
ppl wont believe you and idk if i do but it's true
looking good intimidates people, including girls unless you have the alpha energy to dominate them or the eq to pick up on their ques
men resent you and beat down on you
i always thought i was ugly but i used rating apps and finally made a tinder (although i never went on a date) and i'm not at all
but my self perception was based on treatment and i was always too autistic to realize girls liked me, even when they touched me or rode on my back
I truly believe as a man it is best to be
tall
average or below average face
average BMI
I know a couple of hot Russian chicks with these kind of boyfriends. What a waste.
Right here
I'd take being ugly if it meant I could have a gf that loved me.
Once in the span of 3 days last year 3 different people told me I should model
I can't go a day outside without some woman asking how tall I am ( very )
Worst part is I'm a tranny deep down
I look like a real life Thor (I've had people ask for pictures with me.). Objectively tier 1 beautiful man. I grew up abused in a retarded narcissistic family in a shitty town of trash ugly fat narcissistic families. I feel your pain bro. This civilization is a hellscape for everybody. Don't let anybody fool you, it sucks all around. All each person can do is survive and make the best of it.
Do you feel like your big physique attracts or deters haters? I have a weak frame and people definitely see me as an easy target.
there are some beautiful people on the internet that get hated just because they aren't doormats / complete normies. this thread is true
I would be one, but I'm so afraid of normies' wrath that I don't put myself out there
Oh my presence definitely intimidates most people but that only attracts narcissists more. Both men and women desperately want validation/attention (narcissistic supply) from me for themselves and subconsciously they want to put me down and try to invalid me anyway they can (because of their angst and own self-loathing) because I have skepticism, empathy and self-love it doesn't work but that just fuels their shame more and increases their envy and contempt. It's a vicious cycle and nobody ever shows me any empathy for it all. Which has made me something of a cold terminator (hence knowing this place.) Took me 32 years to really figure out the whole phenomena but the pattern has always been there causing me grief, misery and anger. I removed every narcissist in my life permanently which was everyone and I've been infinitely better off. I was always alone anyways. I'll probably be alone until I die but I've made my peace with it and plan to be healthy over 100 years old. Watch all my relatives rot and die miserable.
that thread where delusional 3/10 moids with NPD believe they are 10s
Kek
Post face to unsee or else you're all retard larper faggots
Sure. Here. We do exist and we don't want disgusting immature whores either. I never post but I did for this because the guys in my position also get zero empathy from society so I want OP to know it's not just him. Someone else understands his pain. I didn't know I was that good looking until my 20s. Take care of yourself OP and avoid all narcissistic people.
It's normal to act cold and distant when you see a pretty person even though it doesn't make a lot of sense
