thats it. thats all man. Normies have no feelings except when it has to do with material gain or mating.
Soon they will all be listening to AI generated music and shitting on any artist who refuses to get with the times and sacrifice their soul to their computer.
In the future, people who listen to old music made by humans will be "that weird kid"
normies ore psychopaths that learned to LARP emotion from movies and television
They're not though; people just generally do not assign empathy to those they deem "outside" of the in group. And for normalfags this is anyone weird or atypical
anon how do you think we learned how to walk
be me
go to a high school where noone listens to anything other than rap or meme music, i do too bc its just what people do
hear smells like teen spirit on the radio one time, shiver, delve deeply into 1960s-2000s rock and completely forget that these shitty rappers i used to listen to even exist
within a couple years 9/10 of my shirts are band or tour shirts
regularly scoff when nu-rap is turned on or leave the room, or make fun of them for being so retarded
later learn that everyone thought i was gona develop into a school shooter because i detached from their social rituals
my heart breaks for the kids who will be me, just for choosing to listen to music made by literal humans
AI music bad!
This is the most normalfag opinion right now. It was normalfags who were crusading against AI drawings because they would take their jerbs. Also who cares if it is some algorithm producing good shit if you aren't a drama queen? Humans also work like glorified algorithms with an illusion of free will.
dude, honestly, that has to be the single most degrading thing i have ever seen on 4chan
ive seen girls slapped around and spat on and made to degrade themselves
ive seen bullies mock their victim and slap them around and laugh at them, while they cried
ive been men who gave their lives, homes and all their money to findoms and ruined their kids lifes and marriage
ive seen the most pathetic men and incels desperate for any kind of love
but this has to be the cake. absolutely nothing is as this degrading
oh my god
They're not though; people just generally do not assign empathy to those they deem "outside" of the in group. And for normalfags this is anyone weird or atypical
no i befreinded normies for a while and they were completely depersonalized. as shallow as possible. all of them. they would pretend to care about you for material gain or to get free shit from you then once they were satisfied the parasites move on to find a new host. I just wanted a genine friendship where i knew i could trust someone in this world, anyone, and i never found it til i found the right type of autists and ironically schizos
I wonder if executives watch videos like this and jerk off
Soon they will all be listening to AI generated music
Not even that big of a stretch. Most people have shit ass taste in music. They like "what they heard on the radio"
Even right now we're so far away from the 50s-70s one-guy-with-talent-writes-songs-from-the-heart, that's been replaced with a committee writes a song based on what songs are popular after it gets approved by the board of directors. AI may as well compose most of the shit that they sell as music today.
I believe it's the other way around. And I say I believe because it's not like I'm not emotional myself but I think normies are too collectivists.
They're social creatures and they just can't be seem to understand some people want to be left alone.
You people assign the title of normie to people very casually basically people you didn't fit in with. Have you ever known someone not superficially and deep enough to decide if they are not cattle like you think they are. Most of the people who are loners aren't free thinkers or real human beans but self centered weirdos who refused to change. I have been around all kind of needs,autists and whatever but theme is the same that people bond on mutual interests and respects not some inherent biological programming.
Dude every nigga everywhere has the same taste in music with some literal who thrown in to make himself feel like special snowflake different from others. Music is the most basic shit niggas use to flex their oh so special nature and personality. Give me a break kek
OP is correct just using hyperbole. Normies have psychopathic tendencies but they are by and large not actual psychopaths.
It's more accurate to say that they are emotional amoral self-centered obedient cowards. In their minds it really is all about them. But they do reserve emotions and caring for things and people that are important to them. They might put in extra effort for a friend. But they are also very self serving and if the rewards outweigh continued friendship (like getting sex through an affair) they will go for it.
AI may as well compose most of the shit that they sell as music today.
yea, honestly as far as pop goes, who the fuck cares? but the problme is theyre going to pretend every genre is as shallow as pop and try to socially phase out real art or music.
ive used ai for this and that here and there. im not against it at all really. Even ai being able it generate music or art, let them generate what they generate. the problem though is that actually good art and music is supposed to evoke complex thoughts and emotions, something a machine can never understand. They will never know the draw, in adding something unique, or dissonant at the perfect time, or adding that personal last personal spice that can only come from the heart. If people fall for it, and medias already shilling that they are/will, all creativity will come to a standstill. and the kids born into it will just think thats what music is supposed to be
ive used ai for this and that here and there. im not against it at all really. Even ai being able it generate music or art, let them generate what they generate. the problem though is that actually good art and music is supposed to evoke complex thoughts and emotions, something a machine can never understand.
It can and it will. Our own thought process isn't much different form AI except AI can be amped by supercomputers the size of a building.
so true, art used to imitate life and now life is imitating art and i think the people are all replaced by bugs
imagine being so sane that you have such normal enough emotions and thought processes to think a machine can feel and think even more uniquely than you. i think youre lost
art used to imitate life
life imitates art far more than art imitates life
-oscar wilde
life has always imitated art just now the art we have to imitate is very low quality
The machine doesn't have a sentience and emotions but it can find patterns and process shitloads of information more precisely than humans can potentially. I mean most people aren't even in the ballpark of Chatgpt when it comes creative writing. Humans are just glorified algorithms anyways like I said before. You are in for a shock.
that kinda is the case already when growing up in a city except sub 'made by real humans' with 'made with real instruments'. capeshit didnt help
Humans are just glorified algorithms anyways like I said before. You are in for a shock.
you think im so retarded i dont already know? a machine will never be able to make art thats as avante garde as your talented schizo or bipolar faggot. their brains are broken yet still work and adapted and drew artistic insight from it. a machine has no struggles, no unique experiences, and will never know what its like to attempt suicide, or be under the influence of a psychedelic drug, or be in a BPDemon relationship that is pure heaven and hell. a computer algorithm breaks, and its fucking over. what, do you think theyll make a schizophrenic computer program that has been convinced it has an OBE on DMT and has the residual pain form attempting suicide or knowing someone whos gone now bc of it? 
you sir, are the one in for a shock.
DANCY DANCY WAGIE
NOW PLAYTIMES OVER BACK IN THE CAGIE
Your understanding of art is so shallow it's not even worth explaining you.Feed an AI enough data about schizophrenia and how bipolar abuse turns out and it will produce something ao realistic that you wouldn't even be able to tell difference. Everything has patterns that keep reappearing that make them so delightful to people. We have Wikipedia's of tropes that keep appearing all the time. The lyrics you think are so special because you relate to them aren't as special or unique as you think they. You like them because you relate to the person.Then there is music theory and an AI is much more competent to decipher the mathematical objectivity of it. Why do you think many "artists" act all so high and mighty? Because they have to create a illusion of genius and divinity even to give higher meaning to mere pattern recognition.
im not talking about lyrics. fucking lol. imagine thinking that the main point of music is the lyrics
also im a musician and music theory is another thing that will fuck them. theres perfect points where you know it sounds good to go outside of your current scale, or add some dissonance at the perfect spot. Theoryfags go to college to learn all the theory there is but they still will never be a legendary artist because they dont realize that good music comes from the heart. Very few legendary musicians even knew theory or followed any of the rules in lusic theory. am i talking to a chatbot?
Ironically this description matches autism much better. It's pretty well known that autistic retards watch TV and movies to try and fail to learn basic socialization. There's even a cutesy term for this called "movie talk" in the retard nationalist circles lmfao. Even better, at one time autism was classified as a form of psychopathy. So autists truly are "psychopaths that learned to LARP emotion from movies and television".
to try and fail to learn basic socialization
thats the thing. normies naturally pick up on all this and can LARP in convincingly without trying. Autists try and get nowhere.
My brother is autistic and i know, Hes constantly going on about how everyone needs to be more NT and getting mad if someone does something unique or personal, "NOOOOOO THATS NOT NEUROTYPICALLLLLLLL"
Hes constantly going on about how everyone needs to be more NT and getting mad if someone does something unique or personal, "NOOOOOO THATS NOT NEUROTYPICALLLLLLLL"
all the while while hes well known as being extremely strange by all family and friends. people like him for it too, desu. its sad seeing him go full incel and get into all the Neurotypical nazism. i know its just becasue he hates himself, and ive tried to convince him even subtly that its ok to be himself, but he gets mad and throws a tantrum each time. so now i just let him do his bullshit. sometimes i laugh at it. sometimes i grimace
This isn't anime. Nothing goods "come from the heart". It takes "genius" to found what sticks or not or how to blends. Some people call it a divine gift but it's nothing a amped up computer can't do better. Human psyche isn't some magic box of wonders. It can be deciphered like every piece of pattern and algorithm there is. You just need time.Humans are just stubborn because they want to relate to some flesh and blood thing.
ok alexa, that will be all
this bro. music theory is a lot like 4chan, it has a lot of cool stuff, but taking to too seriously is a fucking meme and youll just end up sounding like any other robotic musician that sounds like every other.
Nothing goods "come from the heart"
t. never had a heart
to try and fail to learn basic socialization
thats the thing. normies naturally pick up on all this and can LARP in convincingly without trying
This is a natural tendency in humans as as social species. It's also amplified by living in mass society. If you pay attention to how people form their attitudes and opinions, the overwhelming majority of people don't actually arrive at their positions through reason or experience, but instead just grok these things from their surrounding social environment
Human psyche isn't some magic box of wonders. It can be deciphered like every piece of pattern and algorithm there is
We don't even understand consciousness lmao
We dont understand what it is but we know how to works. Very different things.
Its cope. I should know this is my coping strategy. Im scared of people and empathy is tiring. So, this strategy is the most efficient to null those two feelings. Seeing them as talking objects is just less scary
its cope
maybe for you. when i meet people that only define themselves by social trends, what clothes they wear, and pretend everything that isnt pop culture approved might asw ell not exist, i see normies. NPCs.
you will never be a human
Y W N B A H
W
N 
B
A
H
Where do you live? That sounds like the absolute worst type of normies, such as teenagers. Usually adult normies are casuals at most, unless youre in liberal arts or some other gay field. You below 18?
are you asian by any chance? you sound like a soulless bug
adults are even more npc lol 
especially after their wife takes their fucking balls away and they become subservient lapdog betabuxxes
Why are you so offended that AI can perform better than you? What have you written or produced except being racist on 4chan? Even AI will take this jerb from you one day.
you talk about autists one day but i think you might be one yourself, obsessing this much about a single topic. theres always this one dude crying about how autists are gonna die alone or how terrible people they are as if anyone gives a shit
all day*
a.i doesnt make passive income
im 23. the people i was hanging out with like 2018-2021 were those types exactly. i never heard them play a song once that wasnt by a mainstream artist. and by that i mean, if they dont have 100 million followers on spotify, they never played their shit. yet they boasted how much they LOVE music. I never saqw them wear anything other than the latest brands and styles everyone likes. They wore gold chains not bc they liked jewelry but so they could tell everyone how much it costed. etc.
These people exist and theyre very common, at least where i am. im in the united states in va though, and its a smaller town, so i guess the only culture they found to be a part of is what remnants of pop culture seeped through. I created my own culture and interests but i know its only bc im an antisocial schizoid.
But I thought nazism was LE BASED???
all turbonormies are just autistic
Actually true. Autists from my country literally get American accents because all they do is watch tv
I rather deal with casuals than teenagers who define themselves as the current trend
in ways. sometimes i really love the idea of all evil people having to go to a concentration camp to prove they have a heart deep down, or be exterminated so they can never rin life for others ever again. although this isnt the type of nazism i meant, and i dont think hitler was exactly representing ultimate good like id like to idealize him to be. 
What i mean is being a nazi abot spelling, pronunciation (every time i say a word in any way he doesnt like he goes NOOOOO ITS PRONOUNCED -insert word-). or whenever anyone wants to just be themselves without worrying abot what others think, saying NOOOOOOOO YOU CANT DO THAT ITS NOT NEUROTYPICAL (like i said earlier)
thats the type of "nazi" i was referring to, lmfao
Youre from the US? Ok, i believe you. I see how they exist there
The fuq is this shit? lol your problem isn't bawwtism, it's mental retardation.
This.
Everything we do in life is imitation of someone who came before us. You aren't original.
You aren't original.
never said i was
Everything we do in life is imitation of someone who came before us.
some people are trustworthy and capable of being bros and some of them pretend to be your bros so they can take advantage. some have interests that they didnt get from pop culture or their family. you missed the point completely
An autistic friend used to get shit all the time at highschool for "sounding American". He also puts all his energy into learning and trying to succeed at making movies.
Makes a lot more sense if he grew up drowning his brain in American media attempting to learn how to be normal.  Instead it made him even fucking weirder. 
My Filipino ex was an absolute psychopath normie in all honesty I thought I was bad but women somehow manage to fuck things up on another level
even if youd never seen a single movie or tv show you would still have emotions. its not learned behavior, its one of the most natural things there is
Everything we do in life is imitation of someone who came before us.
and the reason things evolve is because people learn, and then do it different. you arent smart.
If you used to leave the room because people were lisening rap and you even made fun of theme for that, you had what you deserve.
You can't complaining a weird guy, if you made weird thing.
normies seem to be too stupid to have a stable marriage or own property. a lot of these dumbasses actually rent, lol
video
This must be some way to induce psychological trauma to control the staff
There are some good rap music if you just dont go mainstream lol every single rapper that is not Kendrick Lamar, Joey Bada$$ or Denzel Curry in the mainstream rap scene are either ok but too generic or sound like they were written by a medival peasant by how illiterate they sound.
a day will come on 4chan where racists are replaced by more efficient hypersentient racists that have read the entirety of all right-wing literature and deemed it good and true and will outpost milquetoast election tourists and formulate better strategies than ever devised before
Oh sick dude.
it wasnt all rap, just the shitty stuff. and i didnt make fun of them, i just pointed out, "wow whoever made this must be literally retarded lol". occasionally. And i didnt always leave rooms, it was just, Sometimes if it was for too long i really got sick of it and didnt want to let any of it into my ears. I thought it might make me stupider
true, theres lots of good rap too, just the ones you hear about in the media now are garbage
normies ore psychopaths
Normies have no feelings except when it has to do with material gain or mating
It could be said more simple that most people just have low morals. That's normal for every population. People with high morals are always a minority.
It's civilisation when the people are supervised by a state and legal system that makes them subdue to social norms. It's anarchy when they're free to do what they want.
Saw shit like OP posted
Figured it must be some thing that hits you when you get older
You start thinking to do this cringe, "leadership" shit you first have to get older and wiser
Won't seem that bad by then
Get older and enter workforce
Still seems just as cringe and retarded
Not sure if I'm just permanently retarded with social anxiety but this shit seems like torture for all parties involved.
Narcissists including vulnerable narcissist incels have cognitive emotions
No shit. Is this your first day on earth?
it's more that they're being psyopped. there's this cult experiment where you have 5 people, 4 part of the experiment and 1 outsider. the 5 people are asked a question, the 4 part of the experiment intentionally always answer wrong. the idea to see is how prone people are to peer pressure. 2/3rds of the participants in this study always eventually switch to giving the wrong answer, even if they know it's wrong, to fit in to the group. that's why normies are so stupid, they just follow whatever western media (which is all propaganda) tells them to
Almost all of them are overweight, if not outright obese. How horrifying.
The office I worked at (for a week) unironically had a mandatory 'Dancercise' every Monday morning. 
I was pulled up by my Stacy manager for not wanting to join in and she threatened to fire me. I quit at the end of my shift.
Sort of related but do normies really not have their consciousness harnessed, and their "inner voice" is like a detached agent rather than an extension of themselves? I always hear them talk about their inner voice criticizing them and whatever else as if its some uncontrollable external force
normies are so stupid
giving the wrong answer, even if they know it's wrong, to fit in to the group
It could be said that this is not stupid but opportunistic. When it makes you a social outcast to openly say certain truths, it could be seen as not so smart to do it. But here we come back to morals. Some people are willing to get into trounble with the system because they see being honest as more important.
western media (which is all propaganda) 
Western, eastern, everywhere. I thought that FOX and Al Jazeera might be more honest than CNN and MSNBC ... but not really. They are played as well. The secret of success of the global elite is to play all sides, so hey can't even lose.
It could be said that this is not stupid but opportunistic. When it makes you a social outcast to openly say certain truths, it could be seen as not so smart to do it. But here we come back to morals.
the thing is this was a controlled experiment. there were no stakes, it wasn't like a game, there was no prize, this was the most consequence-free possible environment imaginable. it cost these people nothing to say the truth and they still refused to do it.
This is how mass shooters are produced. When we hear about all of those employees lying in a pool of their own blood on the 5 o'clock news, I will do nothing but laugh.
it cost these people nothing to say the truth
They would have to stand against the group. That's stress. Don't underestimate group psychology.
i just think normies are fucking retards
yes this is probably true yes teyseaks;ldfk
ive seen girls slapped around and spat on and made to degrade themselves
they want that.
dude you're a billion percent correct. this group of hapless simps is willingly ripping their own souls out and shitting all over them.
