Why do bugmen and roasties think this is a valid excuse? Turd worlders keep popping out mids, serfs used to pop out kids,literal slaves used to breed and even the ancestors of modern day first world countries kept breeding though darkest of times like war and famines. It sounds like people just want to play video games and smoke pot.
who cares failure, show me who asked
Yes. And there's nothing you can do about it Elon.
Because numbers don't mean anything blacks already outnumber whites 10/1 but their all poor so it doesn't matter 
The more descendants you have the more diffuse your wealth becomes ideally you want a single male heir who can take your inheritance and 10x it
It's valid for their perspective. Your response is just that people haphazardly reproduce, which not everyone wants to do -- quite fucking obviously.
Not that I care. 7 billion people. Another birth or death is statistically nothing.
Manchildren cope. That Nintendo switch and steam trophies will be your only legacy. Your wealth will be inherited by the state who will distribute it to illegal immigrants.
Why are scrotes so obsessed with replicating like a bacteria in a Petri dish or a virus? Disgusting.
raising a son in squalor in the West pretty much dooms him to become an incel. i guess your proposition could work if you selectively abort until you get a daughter, since they have more economic opportunities and she's more likely to get a good job, career, etc.
Your offspring will be impregnated by black men
You will be eaten by your cats.
Only if you are an incel. Chads raise Chads
Nice coom fantasy. Did your wife's boyfriend inspire you to write that?
i can't wait until my children get to learn about you in history books, right?
i guess you're just trolling but it actually takes a lot of money to raise a chad these days. the market is more competitive than ever. its not uncommon for rich parents put their sons on HGH treatment (70k USD a year), estrogen inhibitors, testosterone shots, and more, while taking them to an endocrinologist every 15 days to check their hormonal profile, feeding them 4k calories of pure protein every day, etc, putting them a palate expander early on (around 5 years old) to make sure they develop a wide ultra-warrior skull, and so on. chads aren't just born anymore, they are born and made, with 250k-300k worth of illegal drugs and medical treatment.
Ironically, this entire mindset is backwards
If you don't want tonwork until you're dead, you need to have 3+ kids so that at least one of them will be capable of taking care of you when you hit 60
My uncle is doing the same for my cousin and it fucking kills me to see a guy with the same shitty genes as me at 6 4 by 16. The kid's parents are both short and fat but cause they are rich they made their sons life liveable.
It was easier to afford feed and shelter children as a slave than it is today as a wage slave.
You're 100% right, it's one of the dumbest excuses to be childless. It's always some middle class first world retard saying this. Surely your living conditions can't be worse than Africans who manage to raise 10 kids
I get so pissed off at people who want to be perma-children and not have any of their own. I would unironically require every human being to enter a monogamous relationship and have two kids by the age of 30.
It's because they:
1) Think kids are easy and that they can have them whenever, no problemo
Since they only want 1-3, they're not wrong. They can usually afford to wait. 
2) Think the economy will bounce back like we're still living in the pre-2007 era. 
3) Don't really want kids and are looking for every excuse they can
That Nintendo switch and steam trophies will be your only legacy. 
Oh no! I'll be sure to stress about it a lot once I'm dead! 
Noooooo not the heckin mexicarinos!
Sounds like a very infantile and childish mentality. No wonder you want younger siblings.
This isnt true man
And if they don't...?
it's because they are unwilling to lower their living standards, or birth a child into a class below what they were born into.
Third worlders have no living standards and will always be poor so they don't care.
Also they don't care for/have access to contraception so shit just happens.
A bunch of retards fell for a ponzi pyramid scam in the past and they were all miserable btw
I don't care.
I don't care either.
Anon, the africans do not raise their 10 kids and that is why their continent is doomed by war and crimes
You know that the father of every incel got laid, right?
No children will take care of you when you are 60+. They will just use their savings to send you to a nursing room because they'll be too busy waging to care for you.
Don't forget: boomers are dying alone in nursing rooms and hospitals right now. Their children were raised with all the values you want, they just don't have the time to care for their parents.
I don't need younger siblings. 
Execution by torture.
Boomers themselves were the most anti-family generation in American history. The entire idea of a nuclear family is ironically anti-family, it was more of a luxury good sold to men than any genuine connection. Boomers bought into this to such a degree that they'd kick out their own children once those children turned 18 and ceased to be dependents, since they couldn't stomach the idea of having another working adult in their household. Boomers rotting in care homes is no less than justice. 
But, in the future, the reality of declining real wealth will force people back into multi-generational homes (the ones who reject this will die poor) and we'll see a return to children as retirement insurance. This is already kind of the case, younger generations will not have enough money to support their own retirement, so if you don't have several kids now then you'll be fucked in 50 years.
lel. maybe if housing and healthcare and everything wasnt so expensive, people would consider birthing children.
the wealthy just expect record profits year after year AND workers to raise our replacements.
Why did you equate a nuclear family with kicking kids out at 18? Like you can't have a nuclear family and multi-gen household; or even just keep the kids in the house past 18.
Actually, don't respond. The reasoning is probably too stupid to comprehend.
If you won't be able to afford retirement you won't be able to afford raising children either. You'll just end with weights that will make your poverty even more unbearable. Even actual africans in their mud villages are starting to understand this.
Because they are stupid.
Next question?
NTA but artificially extending childhood causes people to put off having kids longer. And less people are going to want to have kids at say 35 than they would at 25 (since no one wants to have kids right at 18, and need a few years to themselves).
Anon, you can just say you're ESL.
Nuclear family is parents and children in the same household. While it could technically include the children after 18, it absolutely wouldn't include them once they have their own kids, and it also wouldn't include grandparents living in the same house, since grandparents and grandchildren are part of the extended family, and not the nuclear family. The idea of a multi-generational home is explicitly in contrast to nuclear families.
Of course, you can disingenuously point out that a multi-generational living situation does technically have a nuclear family, just like how an orphan still technically has one even if he isn't living with them
Well said. I have one kid thus far and couldn't imagine kicking him out after reaching "adulthood." I want my kids to live with my wife and I as long as they wish to do so. We're a family, God dammit.
It's more social alienation and government structures actively discouraging people having kids than just the economicarino
Didn't happen.
The children of Boomers are Millennials and Millennials *RATHER FAMOUSLY* lived at home with their parents longer than the previous few generations!
You have it exactly backwards
Yeah it was more like "why can't we get them out?"
Are zoomers all stuck in their rooms too and it's just an expected thing now?
I am 23 and out of my 6 male friends group only one has ever rented any place and it was from his gypsy mother.
Fair I'm a yuropean I think it's more common here than in murica.
Truth. The goal is to replace Whites.
And look at what sub-human trash their kids are.
That goes for all inheritence. At least I won't have to see my daughter fuck a nigger, or my son wear a dress.
Maybe that is because those people actually care about the life and suffering their kids are gonna have endure if brought into poverty; while turd worlders, serfs and slaves didnt, in fact for them a child is a nice asset to exploit and even sell (to organ dealers and sheikhs.)
Africans arent raising anybody, this is fundamentally why africa will forever be a shithole. They just shit out a kid and let it wander around uncontrolled, if it manages to survive past 5 years like that, just running around naked abd eating germs, it is sent to dumpster dive, beg on streets or sold into prostitution/plantation work. 
The reason why in most developed countries in the world schooling is heavily controlled so much that you can lose kids to custody if they never show up to education is exactly because without such laws all poorshits would default to sending their spawn to work on streets from 5 years of age.
Why isn't it? Unless you want a swarm of under-educated, stressed-out children that work at Jack in the Box at 16 while living 5 people to a two bedroom apartment why would you have kids in this market?
Who the fuck has time and money for switches and weed btw? This is all what-if thinking by someone who is retired or too young to work.
