<comment>
i feel bad about it but i wanna know what some of you think about it
about half a year ago i got together with a girl who was in a long (5 years) abusive relationship
because of that she has separation anxiety and is pretty clingy and even making a tiny joke about "leaving" she'd get really sad
overall things are cute and i like everything 
the thing is that it gives me a certain piece of mind that she would never wanna do anything bad to make me leave or anything 
if i can trust her more because of that why do i still feel a bit guilty over it?
<comment>
because you feel like she's just an emotionally damaged fuck. You feel guilty or "bad" because she's WAY too vunerable and you can see that you can do whatever you want to with her. I also had a gf like this. The brutal thing about it? She doesn't care about specifics at this point. why do so many girls stay with abusive ex's, I was the abusive ex. it's because she LOVED to spend a fuck ton of time with me. the closeness, the attachment, the emotional dependency of it all. You can choose to love her. but any person whose dealt with these, and all of the studies to show for it. She would replace you in a heartbeat for another retard. really quickly, they need a constant filling of the void. She probably really misses him and doesn't know how to cope properly. people need time to heal. even if it takes years. she's trying to brute force her brain back to the default. Either way, be careful anon. She can easily turn around and just blame you for feeding into it.
<comment>
ah i guess i wasn't specific enough, she already broke up with him like a year ago and is going to therapy and we have talked about this topic in detail many times over the months
also i'm a bit confused about how if she is so emotionally dependent and all that stuff, how could she replace me for another retard, that seems like a paradox
also neither of us likes arguing so she definitely wouldn't blame me for anything plus she knows i'm significantly better at being argumentative
so yeah i know she is vulnerable and is healing, that's kinda why i wanna like make her dependent on me cause she's still cute and nice so idk
