was it over before it even began
https://files.catbox.moe/109hbp.mp4
An inspiration for us all
Winston you ok? Winston.....
Its just heartbreaking. I feel my heart in my throat, I know I will end up killing myself too but its still so bizarre and terrifying to witness. Especially imagining that it will be me, thinking the same things, numb, decided, ready. Im a nervous wreck but I also cant wait. Im glad he is no longer hurting.
Why do they always say "that's all folks" like they're a fucking looney toon?
You literally cant see him do anything jej
And? You literally know what is happening.
So you didnt witness anything moron lol you heard a blast and sounds of liquid dripping lol did I also witness the demolition of a skyscraper because I heard the sounds from my house? Bellend
As someone who found a family member after suicide hearing his parents on the other side oblivious to what happened hits home to me.
Stop being an autist over a word, retard.
Not as cute as the Japanese girls that jumped off a building last month.
Japanese girls that jumped off a building
Link?
He should have lost weight, got plastic surgery and become a handsome prettyboy idol
It's a shame we don't see the family's reaction
Pretty sure they were Argentines living in Spain.
Bellend.
chud phenotype even crosses racial lines
are we becoming a new species? homo incelus?
homo incelus 
Given how many cock pics most of you have saved, you are definitely homos
where can i view his animations?
Asians dont care when someone dies, they are very cold blooded and lack empathy. His mom was probably an abusive bitch like all Asian mothers.
glasses = chud
Classy move to turn off the camera.
Turning off camera means it was fake, 100%. Dude is still alive.
I think this is the guy.
https://www.youtube.com/@HerobrineHunt3r
I love my mom shes a nice lady
Are you sure cant seem to fund much. hell when did this even take place as the channel was active not too long ago.
His About page links to his twitter where he says he killed himself.
Obvious larp, cant believe you idiots bought it
Cute ladyboys.
If only he had cleaned his room
the fate of all small dicked asian faggot losers.
t. fatty heart attack-kun
I believe he killed himself because his channel wasn't doing so well despite the amount of work he put into it.
Pretty sure youtube is sophisticated enough to instantly prevent a youtube video from uploading with the gore of a self inflected shotgun seen.
I'm subbed to a shit ton on YT animators who get like 20-50 views per upload.
He should've just made hentai.
I've seen a few channels that upload hundreds of hours of shit a month who have next to no viewership. Sometimes it's not even particularly brainless content at that. That shit is beyond depressing to look at, no idea how some people do it.
Getting a following on YouTube is like winning the lottery.
Wtf is this shit?... You can't even see it. Why eve Livestream it? gay/10
Because its youtube, you mong. It was uploaded posthumously not streamed
poor kid, I've contemplated suicide before myself but always came to the conclusion any problems you experience will pass. Really heartbreaking.
Yes, some animators do it for the art, others for the glory. He did it for the glory. He had previous mental problems and was in a mental institution a few times, and an Asian upbringing places certain pressures on you to be "successful ". He probably wanted rapid continual growth, when in fact that's almost impossible on YouTube. He probably wanted to be hyper successful because he wanted to prove to his parents he could be successful and make em proud with a passion of his. You're seen as a failure if you aren't a doctor, or lawyer, or some other successful profession, so him being quote unquote "unsuccessful" in his foray into YouTube animation made him feel like a failure, thus, final solution.
It's fake you retard, he doesn't even show it. This is pure clout chasing. He played a gunshot sounds, then played a water running sound.
That part made me sick. Sounds like some naive shit my dad would say. No nigga I'm not okay a single gunshot just echoed from my room.
some of them look very plastic
you just need that one thing to go viral, so >>73119016
Last tike I checked no one is checking for a water sound that is changing in pressure the entire time you hear it. If you listen closely you can hear that water sound loud and splashing at the start and near the end you can barely hear anything. Who the fuck would even think to make sure that was accurate in a small ass youtube channel. Then for fucking clout? Like what the fuck is he going to do after? Come back later and say haha it was all a joke? Make a new fucking youtube channel like what is the end goal here?
boring. but ill see him in hell when i make my way down there and question him as to why he didnt deliver the full goods
Honestly, he should've been doing modeling and rigging tutorials if he wanted views.
I'm going to subscribe to the tiny channels I like to watch now, on the off chance they off themselves otherwise.
godspeed changbro
thread about youtuber who kills himself
nobody linked his youtube channel
Who cares he was a retarded comer.
This anon linked it >>73118254
Uh did someone test that theory? It seems believable
Who tf uploaded it? His parents?
fucking rekt >>73118081
lmao
WINSTON ARE YOU OK
He uploaded it himself because it was fake and he was just baiting.
No, it can't be fake if 35 anons think it's real.
Why would he even livestream it but turn off the camera?
It was livestreamed.
You automate these things pretty easy if you have tech knowledge
start a video recording
program it to end recording after X minutes so it can end sometime after you delete yourself
auto upload to youtube with pre-set title and description
Why would he even livestream it but turn off the camera?
didn't want to end up the next shuaiby
Why is there so much liquid noises after he does it? surely that can't be all blood?
Sounds effects from YouTube
yeah that sounded fake as shit. some would have been alright but considering how quiet it was until he got started to manipulate the shotgun it would be hard to hear a little splashing on his floor.
homo incelus
Ok that made me kek
Nah totally plausible, if you've ever seen the video of Budd Dwyer killing himself, you can see a veritable waterfall of blood coming out his nose after the fact.
it was livestreamed. there was a livechat reacting to it
Not the only one I've seen, plus it was a different weapon. It just didn't sound right. He had a good idea but poorly executed.
Nice to see that schizos are still alive and well these days.
Same thing, you can program anything to end and upload without you actually physically do it. I saw it as a video after the fact so the stream was programmed to end and upload after set time automatically
That doesn't make any sense but I wish I was. Maybe I could get disability then.
RIP JBK anon
