Who the fuck wants to go fight a war for a country that hates you, and whose women excluded you?
You must go to war to defend: a bunch of obnoxious stuck up women that hate your guts and would never fuck you anyways.
The children that you don't have
Your home which is rented
Your shitty job that you hate
And a government that monkey wrenched your shit at every step of the way. 
Also when you come back maimed by a bomb, we're not gonna pay for treating you, so you're going to go into a ton of medical debt and end up homeless or in jail. 
It will suck absolute dick, you'll have PTSD and debilitating injuries that will never heal, you'll earn exactly jack shit, but you still have to go fight for us because... uhh... because reasons, alright?"
The elites can do whatever they want, they're never again going to convince such a large amount of men to go die for no reason, especially with how things are today.
implying I wouldn't go to war just for the chance to kill some russkies and chinks
Who the fuck wants to go fight a war for a country that hates you, and whose women excluded you?
I mean you're not wrong, people still pretend like we live in a patriarchy since the most visible, high status men are still 'in control'. However, the quality of life for the average man (I don't mean in a cringe consumerist way) has massively declined in the last 10-20 years. Women have never offered less to the average men while also being so entitled. It was never the intent, but the current system only benefits women and attractive men. Everyone else lives lives worse than serfs.
That picture didn't age very well. Aldo why would uae and all the other oil dudes and Syria of all places stand with the west?
What you mean? This pic is recent
Sweden and Finnland are joining nato, honey
Syria and N. Korea aligned with the west
We pretty much have no ideological causes left, only wars for control of "markets" and resources etc.
It feels like storming the beaches for your landlord, completely absurd.
It's a weird feeling. Of course it would benefit me, in the short term, if NATO simply took over everything and if no nukes were pointed at Europe.
Without these external enemies, however, we would simply be left with the societal rot and 40k Chaos gods on the inside, while watching helplessly as certain... demographic changes were introduced by our wonderful leadership that's totally on our side.
idk man, it's just heretics and xenos from all sides.
Sweden will never join NATO because they support the Kurdish terrorists. Turkiye won't allow it.
We pretty much have no ideological causes left, only wars for control of "markets" and resources etc.
It feels like storming the beaches for your landlord, completely absurd.
I saw a post on r/Norge (Norway) where senpais were talking about doing it for muh great Norway, so there's that aspect.
Roaches are close to voting, their next prez might not care to lowkey suck putins knob. Or does it harder, who knows
A world war can only start in the balkans retard 
A balkan conflict will start this war
What a waste of digits. I hope Russia nukes Norway now.
Dam son double trips
r9kcel thinks he matters
many such cases
WW3
It will basically be a show. And a method for depopulation.
It's already decided that China wins. Global communism is part of the plan and will come, no matter who becomes president here or there. The game is over already.
If you want to prepare, learn chinese.
US hasnt even won a war since WW2.
They lost evey single encounter since then.
US top trillions dollar army with multiple bases in different countries wouldnt last 
They dont call USA numba 1 for nothing, we supplied you with your guns dumbass
I was thinking about joining the military, more specifically the national guard but after reading your post I realized that anybody who joins the military is retarded.
north korea is part of the blue usa - nato areas
nice map
FUCK YOU WITH THOSE SEXTUPLES!!!
Worst sextuplets ever
The US will never be prepared for WW3
WW3 will be nuclear and burgerland has a lot of nukes.
Who the fuck wants to go fight a war for a country that hates you, and whose women excluded you?
Good point. I also agree with your greentext.
The elites can do whatever they want, they're never again going to convince such a large amount of men to go die for no reason, especially with how things are today.
Probably true, but as WW3 will be nuclear, it won't matter anyway. Though it's clear that the news we're fed is all propaganda of varying levels.
I'd be glad to have WW3 in the hope that globalism and jew-control of the West will be destroyed. Perhaps something saner can be rebuilt.
If I am drafted before the nukes fall, fine; whatever. I won't live long in any case. Or maybe I can survive and work with a Hitler 2.0, as with post-WW1.
As men who are trapped as incels and NEETs, we have literally nothing to lose but our miserable lives. Death is a release at this point.
China and Russia also have these problems but ten times worse.
