At what age did you realize that you'd make a terrible boyfriend and women were being reasonable in not wanting to be with you?
in senior year I was too nervous to ask out this girl, and then corona hit and in the summer I texted her to let her know how I feel and it litterally went nowhere from there :(
and she wasn't a stacy either I'm pretty sure shes as lonely as me
but fuck you I would probably be a bomb ass boyfriend if I had a reason to expect pussy
I think I'd be an alright boyfriend and have done more introspection than others, ackshully
Around start of 17 when I was fat and weak. Improved to the point that no woman I know could ever be worth me :(
I would be a great boyfriend for most introverted women except if she told me to give up porn.
I'm going to be honest, I love her figure. 
I will never be a boyfriend, I'm 32 and never been close to having a relationship or even a date or anything.
I want to watch her get decapitated like those two white women.
the more i listen to women the more i think i'd be a great boyfriend, but i can't stand normies and non-virgins, i've learned to socialize but i still hate it
Age 26 or so.
SPLAT
fr why did she do that
I realized it about 3 years ago but only recently have I truly comprehended my situation. Physical shortcomings aside, I lack the emotional intelligence necessary to connect with humans on an intimate level. Besides that I'm just a useless homebody and boring to be around. To make it short, all of my negative qualities as a man would make me a quirky woman.
remember seeing someone claim she was paid to do it for a fetish thing
at about 12? Still got a gf by 13. There are maaaany different reasons as to why you can be a bad boyfriend lol. Women can still look past those reasons if they are the "right" reasons.
I'm a pretty good option desu, boring and introverted, but caring, safe, and stable.
last 3 things sound nice! the first two sound like a boring nightmare, pardon the oxymoron lol.
around 6 or 7
To make it short, all of my negative qualities as a man would make me a quirky woman.
This is real. I dream about having a cute innocent autistic introvert gf, but women are disgusted by men who are like that. I feel bad for male autists desu.
cute? Sure.
innocent? Mmm.. alright, boring but okay.
autistic? ?????????
introvert? holy shit no what the fuck.
That sounds like hell unless you're innocent autistic and introverted yourself lol.
Nigger you're the only non-autistic extrovert here
That sounds like hell unless you're innocent autistic and introverted yourself lol.
6/10
you niggas can't be serious about dating basically retarded girls. Get your standards up lol.
No its the other way around.
I realized the women i was with were terrible girlfriends.
That's hot.
Moar plz
This perfectly describes what went wrong with tons of modern-day men AND women. They had no fathers and overindulgent mothers who couldn't discipline them for shit.
