why do you get up in the morning? you can cope all you want however while you are reading this post chad is either:
fucking bitches
while you rot away in your cubicle of a room. but no do go on, write 20 posts in order to attempt to justify your pathetic existence
driving in an expensive car to fuck them
while you rot away in your cubicle of a room. but no do go on, write 20 posts in order to attempt to justify your pathetic existence
making money (which he will use to fuck bitches)
while you rot away in your cubicle of a room. but no do go on, write 20 posts in order to attempt to justify your pathetic existence
socializing with other chads (which naturally attracts stacies he WILL fuck by midnight) 
while you rot away in your cubicle of a room. but no do go on, write 20 posts in order to attempt to justify your pathetic existence
cope. i do not recall talking to any female my age in the past few years. literally zero. all i am doing is accepting the reality of my existence and doing everything i can to make it better. now you might wonder how the fuck does posting on 4cuck improve my life and the answer is: i can learn from others mistakes. not much else. in fact i have browsed this website for long enough i forgot almost everything i learned because 'pills are being spread left and right hence sooner or later things are being forgotten about
Because I need to work so I can earn money for drugs and other things that distract me of the fact that I'm 23yo and never even went to a date
To jerk off. I mean thats it really. Or eat some food. Food is good. Yeah I should probbaly kill myself or something, whatever man
fair enough. but at that point why not rope yourself? fear of death?
Because there's things I can't enjoy when I'm dead (drugs, music and video games)
yet you do not enjoy them. you use them as copium and a distraction. while you are dead you do not need any distractions. you are either physically incapable of feeling anything or your soul drifts away and you reach a higher form of consciousness. in either case you are free from your earthly bonds. the death reaper will collect the toll either way. why do you refuse to avoid the trouble and pay him in advance?
I will find, rape, and leave the Chad psychologically traumatized one day I swear, you niggers idolize him so much I can't wait to prove you all monkeys wrong, he isn't invincible.
I enjoy them, they're just not enough to make me truly happy
Its over
No bitch I am a 6ft tall white nigger.
Womanspeak. You're not fooling anyone, becky
bro I need money for my weekly sessions at the asian massage parlor
I woke up this morning because tomorrow I have a 2 gun match and after which I will proceed to bed the range tranny
As if you ever spoke to one faggot.
This bitch is mad
While you studied Tyrone was getting head
While you fapped to your crush Tyrone was balls deep in her
While you cope online Tyrone was laying in bed with her smelling her hair
if i give up i have 0% chance at all of ascending and getting my ideal anime girl body
if i keep getting up and trying to change things i have a more than 0% chance of ascension
i do all of those things. Are you 15 years old or something? it's not hard to be basic.
I simply don't care about fucking women. I just want a comfy life
bait and therefore gay but why do people genuinely think this? i love video games, anime, the internet in general. shit is just fun. i don't really have anything to cope for, my life is perfectly fine, but people think if you spend a few hours online every day you must be coping for something.
Tranime generally causes mental illness but if youre still in the having fun phase then you dont need to worry
i mean mentally ill people love it but ive been watching it since i was young and i turned out ok. ill give it a couple years though, this post is probably gonna age like milk
It really depends on how much time you sacrificed with your own local community in order to watch and listen to some degenerate incel fiction poorly translated from Japanese and depicting a completely foreign culture. Its one thing to get mental illness because you start blurring the lines between reality and fiction from too much media exposure, its entirely something worse when your whole identity shifts toward something that will never fit in.
Anime website you fucks. 
Go back to pol you commie larping cucks. or maybe you are ESL? Those shitholes love le hecking community don't they pedro?
Cope harder, my destiny is to burn the false idol and annihilate the blackpillers, yours - to rot in the dwelling that is your mother's basement.
