Reeeeeee!
 People going outside
I had to close all my windows, blinds and curtains to try and block out the sounds.
I was never allowed to experience my teens and 20s.
I was always locked up at home in my room under the "zero program".
Now my parents are bitching at me, why don't you have friends, why don't you go out?
 People having fun
I had to close all my windows, blinds and curtains to try and block out the sounds.
I was never allowed to experience my teens and 20s.
I was always locked up at home in my room under the "zero program".
Now my parents are bitching at me, why don't you have friends, why don't you go out?
 People having lives
I had to close all my windows, blinds and curtains to try and block out the sounds.
I was never allowed to experience my teens and 20s.
I was always locked up at home in my room under the "zero program".
Now my parents are bitching at me, why don't you have friends, why don't you go out?
Was a tool developed by school.
They take away everything from your room (even bed, wardrobe, des) and paint all the wall white, including the glass in the windows.
The reason for this is to have no distraction and you can focus only on studying/homework.
If the school deems your grade to be inproving you might get an item back.
Dont forget to wear your diaper on your way out
de-condition yourself, dutch bro
you can start fixing it
OP here, I'm 29, neet, live on my own.
I'm too old! I feel guilt and awkward. I feel shame.
I have this idea in my head.
Wow. MK-Ultra style.
Don't give a gun to such a kid.
It does sound pretty weird, downright offensive sometimes
The more you put off taking action, harder it gets
Enroll in some IT course or smtn... Take a look at jobs adverts. Step by step you can pull yourself out of the rut.
OP here, i'm not the smart, I dare not go outside. I have this fear and shame that i'm not allowed to be outside
I took a course CCNA and CCNP.
With the help of a jobcoach, I've been applying to jobs. No succes, no one is willing to hire me. Lack of experience.
Then maybe what you need is some therapy, cuz that sounds like real mental issues
I'm a 28 year old developer and I work full time and also have a contract at my previous employer because their team died in 2 months so I get second salary for half time job, I have relatively good money for the shit country i live in, leaving the house sometimes and shit, still a retard with 3 friends at most which i don't see often and one is my slightly mentally handicapped housemate.
Life is bad lmao
OP here.
Through my GP I've tried to get a referal to a Therapist. They are currently backlogged from Covid. Because i'm not suicidal, I'm not seen a urgent. They are not willing to put me on a waiting list.
Probably have less regrets though and can afford things you like
Fucking socialized healthcare...
Try going out for walks with less people, yearly morning or night, to get used to it a bit
NTA. I was getting help before Covid hit, then I got completely abandoned with virtually no notice. First time I went outside in years was 2 days ago, and I think I almost passed out from this horrid dizziness. It took so much effort to ask for help in the first place, I'm not sure I can go through with asking again.
OP here
That does not work! My head keep screaming
can't sleep today due to them, I'm a neet and I go to bed early in the morning but they started their singing and concerts. 
https://voca.ro/1jqTXput77um
audio not picking it up wel.
god zegen de koning.
It'll get better if you keep trying going outside. First step is always the hardest. 
Cliche, but true.
I know it's true. I've gotten to points where I can just about handle it, but even then it takes the smallest gust of wind to knock me back to the beginning. It all feels so pointless.
