Anyone ever tried this?
What was your experience like?
Yeah, I tried those and I died. I'm posting from the next life. Get fucked losers.
I desperately wanna try psychidellic mushrooms but I'm a shut in with no friends hense no connections and I don't have a computer right now so no dark web honeypot shit either.
Those mushrooms give the greatest high. Exactly the sort of trip I'm looking for right now
I tried a microdose once while on a camping trip in Rocky Mountain National Park. 
It was the best drug experience of my life. The feeling was pleasant and mildly euphoric. I was giggling a lot and making jokes. And then this content feeling stuck with me for a couple of days after.
explain more. how much did you take? what was the preparation?
I live in Canada and just ordered mine from a normal website. They even IDed me to make sure I was over 19, lol. It's been more than half a year and everything is fine. Cops don't care.
I thought they were illegal in Canada no? If it isn't off a darknet market, could you link me the site?
They are illegal, but the police doesn't care. Most people doing it, don't really cause trouble. Plus, as I said, the websites ID you to make sure you're not a minor, which is probably they only reason the cops would have to care.
If you wanna be safer, it's technically legal to buy spores. So, you could do that and grow them yourself. That is illegal, but they'd have to search your apartment to see it, which they won't do, because they don't care. (Especially if you aren't a dealer.)
That being said, if you get busted for something else, they'll definitely add it to the charges.
The pic is smaller res than I thought and I just checked and there are some other websites with similar domain name. Copy-pasted from my confirmation e-mail:
https://www.magicmushroomsdispensary.ca/
only degens do drugs die
yeah thats how i got mines too. just google any site, its great. you can get hormones online too, like testosterone or whatever. you can even buy weed online from the government. what the fuck?!
wild times. i dont even know if you can get more drugs, but im sure you could'
nah, just buy them. i bought mines like years ago, with my literal bank debit card, nobody blinked an eye. nobody cares about mushrooms
It's literally eating a mushroom, anon. If God didn't want me to eat mushrooms, He wouldn't have created them or would've talked about it.
I dried the skin of one and smoked it. gave a sort of dysphoric 'stoning' effect. wasn't enjoyable just sort of felt like antipsychotics.
take your own advice poltard
yes multiple times
tried muscaria and pantherina from low to heroic dosages
what do you wanna know?
short term
its not really poisonous and decarb isnt that neccesary
it feels like dxm and alcohol
Seconding that shrooms are "who gives a shit" illegal status in Canada, same way weed was like ten years ago. I like to pick up a gigantic stash when I happen to visit Toronto - several of the more grey market weed delivery businesses will also bring you mushrooms.
I literally worry more about speeding on the 401 than I do about buying or growing small quantities of shrooms. And, speaking of the darknet markets - unless you're buying vast quantities and flipping it, or importing things from out of the country, I wouldn't worry too much about that either. The amount of money and effort it takes to even begin trying to track you down for having a dude in Vancouver mail you a sheet of acid or a little molly rock literally isn't worth anyone's time *if they somehow noticed*, and they simply won't because you're not a big enough fish.
Got inebriated and had to sit down. Took the caps dried.
itt: retards who think aminata = cubensis
