It's ruined everything good in my life and it's threatening to ruin an okay career I have going now too... All because I can't stop thinking and worrying about my favourite person. What is he doing when I'm not around? Why is he never available to do stuff? Why can't I stop idolizing him? It always swings from extremes and worry and I worry to the point I cut myself just to stop the pain temporarily and the I feel guilty because I know he wouldn't want me to do that but I'm out of drugs and alcohol to cope with the pain. I feel fragile and defective. I don't want to have this issue but it isn't going away... I want to be better for the few people I haven't pushed away but every month that number gets smaller because I lean too hard on friends about my problems and it scares them because of how often I self-harm or attempt suicide and then they leave too... I don't want him to leave as well... I want to get better...
do you get satisfaction from pushing people away and being cruel to them as a punishment for what they potentially could have done?
bpd has a great prognosis with good therapy so there's hope. you just described classic bpd. i have an unspecified personality disorder but i think i understand borderlines
I don't want to have bpd
lol too bad should've decided not to have been born as the wrong person gay fag
should've dated me and I would have given you all the attention and stability you needed
oh well, you do it to yourself. go die
not satisfaction, no. more like if I push them away first they can't hurt me and if they actually come look for me it would actually show they cared... I have a diagnosis, I just can't get treatment because this country's "free" healthcare is a joke
Does my over obsessive mum have bpd?
this country
what country?are you a european awake at this time
Live your life, do something that makes you happy.
The reason you make people go away is because, as you said, you rely on them.
So stop living through others and find your own happiness.
Lift weights, get into rock climbing, or whatever comes to mind (besides drawing, artists are even worse off than you are), just start living for yourself.
You might say its just "keeping yourself occupied", but its a better way to be occupied than self harm, if you give a hobby a shot you might even enjoy it
 I'm out of drugs and alcohol to cope with the pain.
Dont take drugs to cope, take them to overcome. Do some mushrooms and lsd, its far more effective than cope drugs
Are you the faggot that posted a woman in a ditch earlier, saying 
HAHAHA THATS WHAT HAPPENS EHEN YOU DATE CHAD INSTEAD OF ME
Damn, I wish I had someone that cared about me like this little faggot cares about whoever he was talking about.
...canada... you can't get mental health help here. they have been trying to make it so you can get assisted suicide because it's cheaper than treating you...
I've tried almost every drug including designer drugs. Nothing helped to overcome anything and nothing changed. 
I do... I have a lot of hobbies. Im trying to buy a project car to keep me distracted but it's never enough. When I think of buying a car, I think of being able to go see him and go places with him. I think about him constantly and then I worry he hates me or forgot about me or stopped caring about me and my mental state spirals out of control at the slightest hint of a problem even if it's all in my head. It's hell. I feel like I'm in hell. I wish I didn't care so much that I hurt myself in the confusion.
i'm from spain and it's the same for me. free appointments with a bad psychiatrist every 6 months, he diagnosed me with "unspecified personality disorder" and gave me benzos to sleep, which i proceeded to abuse and ultimately try to OD with mixing with alcohol. i got delirium tremens from that and had to go to the emergencies and taper off benzos. i'm clean now but i never went back to the psychiatrist and things have been rough. 
have you ever had a good favorite person?
no but that's something I'd say and whoever said it is based and redpilled
Have you considered moving from canada to the US?
You can get therapy
Its distant enough you dont get fits/throw trantrums to visit your loved one
Its also close enough that you can visit your loved ones
Also less shit culture and lower taxes
phew, for a moment I thought I'd finally find a euro femanon with bpd. I was afraid things would finally get interesting in here
Go back to /soc you normalfag
Bpdoids be like
I hate BPD this sucks I'm miserable!
Then the mania kicks in and they love it again
I did similar with benzos... I never went to the hospital for it but tried to OD on it once but I'm stupid so it didn't work. I still take benzos for my crippling anxiety. They recently stopped prescribing me it because I haven't seen a psychiatrist in a long time so now I'm slowly losing to my poor mental state and spiralling into worse states every depressive episode I have...
I think my favorite person right now is a good person.. for awhile I had another but he trooned out, and in all honesty I probably only liked him because we were into similar stuff rather than actually being compatible like current one who I've known for much much longer. I just wish I was a better person for him. I wish I didn't constantly get like this over relatively minor shit. It probably doesn't help I'm currently falling into a depressive episode. 
I've considered it. If I could ever get my native status card for the like miniscule but still enough blood relationship I could freely move there... But no dice on that, also I'm only staying in this hellhole because of him.
have you noticed how the sky is blue too anon?
mania
???
Anon... Are you thinking of bipolar? Mania is only found in bipolar 1, we're talking about borderline personality disorder (bpd) not bipolar disorder (bp)
Staying in this hellhole because of him
Known him for much longer blablabla
Dude, have you thought of just marrying the guy and going to live in the states?
If not marriage (cuz you havent said if you are dating) at least ask him out and progress from there
are you thinking of bipolar?
Yes
I did. He says I need to get better mentally before he can commit to something other than the sort of half relationship we have currently... Didn't specific what. I got a job and I've been trying to get stable and get psychiatric care but as mentioned it's not happening and it's threatening to destroy my career as well.
Have you explained to him the entire situation with not being able to get therepy there in canada?
Saying "get your shit together" when there is no therapist to help you do that doesnt sound like something anybody would say
i couldnt get a favorite person even if i tried and i think it's making me go insane. it's been like 3 years since i'm completely alone and shut in. for a person with a personality disorder this is like hell. the worst part is that i want somebody partially to just cope with my shit but even so. i heavily relied on substances too but lately i cant for medical reasons, i cant even drink and i'm suffering all the fucking time
he lives near me, he knows what's up. I don't entirely know what to do. They closed the file my doctor opened because I "didn't contact them" despite calling every day for four weeks and leaving a message every single time. I'm starting to think the mental health services is actively fucking with me.
Gotta pull a man move and just not get panic attacks.
Sounds stupid, might be stupid, BUT, legitimately, show the guy you are are mentally stable person who wont stab him in the chest while he sleeps and then get married.
This is to be completely honest the best advice i can give you, country is not helping you, the guy has stated what the problem is, solve it
this is fucking terrible advice kek. 
your best shot is online therapy. i assume money is a problem for you so that u cant afford private therapy but online therapy is cheaper. DBT therapy apparently works very well for bpd. if you have a career as you mentioned i dont see why you wouldnt invest in therapy if mental illness is ruining your fucking life
Where in Canada, anon?
You are right lol i forgot online is an option
It's more that I have to save my money for a car, car restoration, tools for working on a car, and a new computer right now so I can't put any towards private therapy.
Fkn faggot therapy is most definitely your priority right now
Attempted suicide
Self harm
Fuck the car nigga
i have no way of getting to a private clinic if I don't have a car
none of my other friends ever respond to me now when I feel sad or have stopped responding to texts all together...
online therapy
online therapy
online therapy
online therapy
Read the 73120156# comment again bruh
Carfag cope
I appreciate the sentiment but I have fears about it because of past experiences. They put me in a group session and I had a panic attack and couldn't speak
DBT therapy isnt group i think. in any case CBT isnt group. you dont wanna go to some general therapy. look for DBT or someone specialized in trauma since severe BPD is most likely traumagenic. i think usually first sessions are for free too so you get to decide if it feels right or not. BPD has a very very very good prognosis if treated in therapy while it has a very extreme opposite one if untreated, so it is crucial.
Not only do you have all these issues, you cant speak with people? 
Bruh just open your mouth, move your tounge and make noise.
No thanks needed
what if it doesn't work? then we can never be together if it doesn't work
not treating it doesn't work either does it? DBT is literally meant for BPD, you will deal with profesionals that solve BPD for a living. don't let the mental illness ruin your life, you are slowly losing yourself and will lose everything and everyone if you keep going downhill. it will help. spotting and treating trauma will help too in case there is ptsd.
What if i go outside and a car runs me over
It will work, you have a free session too
