I did it /r9k/ I cracked the code.
I figured out how to get women. I figured out what they like.
I figured out how to be as attractive to them as picrel is to men.
I figured out what the equivalent of a thick ass and a slim waist is to women.
But I have bad news.
You're not going to like the answer.
Let's start with the game VRchat. In VRchat you can choose any avatar you want.
When guys attempt to be sexy girls they go for the predictable. They go for skinny girls with big tits. Maybe cute affectations like cat ears. That kind of thing.
In so doing they reveal a few basic facts about what they are after. What they think makes women look good. I.e. big boobs, certain outfits, skininess, etc.
They do not try to make a character hot by making her say extremely flat and skinny or by making her fat with a double chin and cellulite. They may do it for fun but it's not what they try to do when they're trying.
We see the same pattern in MTF trannies. Not that they necessarily can pull off the look they seek. But the types of surgeries they go after, the type of look they go for, they're similar. Skinny with big boobs. 
A large focus of hrt is just growing boobs and a thick ass. Because it's what men think makes an attractive woman. 
So what traits do FTM trans have? That is to say, what features do women fixate on when they try to be men?
Not any you would think.
The following are universally popular among FTMs and completely absent among men:
1. The name Ayden. Like 90% of pooners are named this. It's a name women love and fixate on. If you change your name to Ayden that alone should get you laid
2. Septum piercings. FTMs LOVE septum piercings and think they look good on men. No guys get septum piercings. Thus clearly there is an untapped market.
3. Body Hair. I don't just mean any body hair. I mean TONS OF BODY HAIR. Like a bear. If you can't grow it yourself there are medications you can take to induce it. 
So there you go. That's what women really want.
this is the most autistic post i've read today
Autistic. Not wrong.
Sometimes autism allows you to see truths that few others can
This is absolute cringe and has to be a meme. Ayden is statistically considered the 4th ugliest name on Earth too.
Ayden is statistically considered the 4th ugliest name on Earth too.
Then why do so many women pick it when they try to be men?
A lot of these women are fairly hot before they ruin their bodies I'll let you know.
It's an ugly name to the male brain. To the female brain it's angelic
Keep in mind that a lot of FTMs are CSA victims that are transitioning to escape their trauma. They deliberately make themselves look repulsive so they stop getting unwanted attention.
You have to specifically look at the FTM equivalent of AGPs to know what they want. Their version of the men who are transitioning purely as a sexual fetish. And those tend to be fujoshis who are into lanky hairless bishies and twinks.
Kek, using literal trannies as a blueprint for what women want is silly anon, but this post wait a bait anyways so carry on
Female to male trannies just look like fat women with dyed short hair to me. Which just tells me they want to look like an anime protagonist but still have the laziness they had as a woman to not work out. You're theory is retarded.
Keep in mind that a lot of FTMs are CSA victims that are transitioning to escape their trauma. 
I can see this angle. But when asked about it they swear it's attractive in a genuine sense to them and pics like in the OP absolutely disgust them.
I feel absolute disgust when I look at hairy men with septum piercings. So idk maybe it's real attraction the same way my disgust is real? Like ugly is pretty and pretty is ugly in their warped minds?
You have to specifically look at the FTM equivalent of AGPs to know what they want
It's hard to say exactly what this is. And it seems like both the hairy types and the Ayden types have something approximating AGPs. They're termed gaydens for a reason afterall. Although there a lot of it is they obsess over male homosexual romance and want to be the smaller guy in a homosexual relationship so they may view the name Ayden more as what a male sub should have rather than a male dom. 
As for the FTM of equivalent of HSTS, imo they tend to just look like normal bodybuilding men and stand out a lot less.
Look at the anime protagonists they want to emulate. Not at what they actually look like. That is how men should aspire to look. Like a lazy FTMs dream body.
This is the fucking funniest shit i have actually read in a while. Holy. Just rape women dude its not that hard.
Your first and honestly damning mistake is that you assumed a tiny minority of mentally ill individuals represents the sane majority. This blatant mistake is so obvious that you yourself might be struggling with sanity.
Lmao is this an elaborate transitioning thread
Then why do so many women pick it when they try to be men?
Because trannies all have autism and they're doing what they believe to be socially popular in all cases to attempt to fit in. It's not shock they pick the most popular baby name.
