Punished SeasideMARK edition
get in deeere my leeds x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9FTeGHLUUg [Embed]
Time for comfy ASMR
Just lost 3 poker tourneys in about an hour. Luck was not on my side today
Luck was not on my side today
Poker isn't luck. You can win without looking at your cards.
Get in there my laddington
New SSM tiktok lids
Brootal. Did the cat beat you in poker as well?
forgot the fookin link i'm slow in the brain. had too much drinkingtonshire
https://www.tiktok.com/@seasidemark_dorset/video/7226725931895852315
Poker is a game of skill with an element of chance. When you get one outed what is that but bad luck? It can also go the other way sometimes, it's just variance.
It's not even new, he's just deleting and reposting shit on tiktok too lmao
Why is there so much butter on that toast? Fat cunt
LazysideMARK
because it's "my 600-lb life" style toast mate
Last thread was the slowest on record. One of only 3 to last 30 hours
Fat cunt
4 times fatter if thats alright with you
seasideBLOATER
Why do places no longer have toilets? (Petrol stations, supermarkets, McDonald's, shopping centres etc)
Train stations and pubs still have them, but no where else does
big fat seaside moonface
They do, you LARP as an outside goer.
The only fat people I have respect for are strongmen and powerlifters. All the rest need to go on a diet or fuck off and die
moonfaceMARK
Every supermarket, shopping centre and Maccie's I've been to have toilets
They physically still have them, but they are universally locked with 'out of service' on them. All 4 supermarkets in my town have been closed for 2 months now, even the petrol stations have it too
The toast TikTok is not new, a true Seaside Soldier should have known this from the start.
You probably live in a dodgy area and too many homeless people or junkies were using the bathrooms so they keep them locked
I'm a fake SSM fan lad. I'm fookin ashamed of me self.
I have a poor IQ because of my fetal alcohol syndrome
How would you fit the Spartan lambda symbol into the new Greek flag?
The Dutch birthrate is rising rapidly.
Lets give them their colonies back.
Billions of Dutch imminently.
Passport office tyrants. Fuck em and their overcomplicated process of getting a passport. 
https://youtu.be/FguPDEZsfBU [Embed]
Is it not boring doing this routine every day?
Just exposing some jobsworths. Sooner people stop getting worried about being filmed, the better.
His job involves making other people unhappy all day everyday just to make more money for the council. Only sad people do this.
https://youtu.be/eYYukeJ3pX8 [Embed]
It's a fact proven by multiple studies that police officers are more likely to have psychopathic traits than most other professions. The job itself attracts people looking to abuse their power with total impunity.
my life is really boring but i dont have the energy to change it
Auditposting isn't going to make Ruth love you, and it's transparent to anyone that you only like the videos because the confrontations get you excited and you'll never do it yourself.
RIP in peace Jerry Springer. Just read the news. He was good in Austin Powers and the Simpsons.
Only sad people do this.
Didn't one of your audit spackers have a breakdown in a pub and get arrested the other day? They're all deeply miserable people mate.
Looks like someone sliced his jacket. No doubt was some angry dickhead.
Yep that's my life. Knowing that changing it will only bring a marginal improvement doesn't really make me want to bother. I'll still be khhv and never have my own place.
Nobody will love me you fucking dickhead. How many times do I have to say this? Women...even old women have some ridiculous high bar for a partner. It doesn't matter what I do. I'm unattractive and can't earn the big bucks.
Brushed me teefingtonshirehams just now corr
Ruth's tuppence and shithole
My boy AY is having a mid-life crisis. He's an alcoholic and heavy smoker. He apologised for his actions the other day.
renders self unlovable
"NOBODY WILL LOVE ME"
How could this have possibly happened
exploring ruth's shitpipe
I don't give a shit about his fake youtuber apology video, he was screeching about tyrants as he was getting arrested. They're all the same, just miserable cunts too ugly to be successful youtube grifters like Jake Paul or whatever so they spend their time trying to bully random people. If they gave a shit about your rights they would focus on something that was actually important and under threat, the filming in public thing just allows them to farm easy content for spiteful cripples like you.
Stood next to a chubby woman on the train today who was about an inch smaller than me and I got a chub. There's not enough tall women.
And how is it even possible to be lovable when there's so many attractive single lads out there? I couldn't even reach such levels.
When I was 15 I proper fancied Jenna Coleman, still fucking fit as fuuuuck lads. What about yous?
ab and dj have a lot of subscribers and make good money from it. They don't all do it for money and fame.
Having passions, hobbies, interests, aspirations, thoughts that aren't based on spite and jealousy? Won't get me a gf
I don't know, in your case. You seem fundamentally incapable of enjoying life, just not for the reasons you think.
I've slowly realised I'm a very spiteful and jealous person by nature
Just a genuinely bad person, honestly
Can't change it
Still it comes down to money with women. If you can't afford to take them out every weekend, you're not really desirable to them. It might be different if you grew up with them but as an adult, the bar is higher. Plus not having a car and your own place makes things even worse. It's not just about hobbies.
Ruthmong realising in his 30s that money can be exchanged for goods and services
Corrr ruthmong's having the meltdown today. You have dug your own grave and now you must slowly wank yourself to death in.it.
The reasons are there. It's knowing I could only do things by myself. The fact is unless you already have lots of friends and connections your chances of finding love are very slim. A lot of women in the workplace will be taken.
Some of my earliest wanks were over Stacey off Eastenders, I look at pics of her now and she does absolutely nowt for me
Even if I was 21 again, I'd still be unattractive and undesirable.
Because you were only attracted to teenagers you nonce.
I remember having a thing for Rachel Stevens and Kylie Minogue. Used to watch a lot of music channels
That's really not a nice thing to say about her. She's so sweet.
If I didnt live in this miserable shithole i wouldve had friends and a gf by now
I'm breaking down slowly and I know the future is only going to be more negative events in my life. I don't think anything positive has come from adult life. I'm not in a good state to work.
I don't really want to work anyway. Working and not having all the perks like relationships just makes me feel more depressed. Being homeless sounds more appealing. At least then I can just walk around.
Whats your diet like mate?
What sucks is having to hear the parents moan about their health all day. It's all about them. I wish I could have moved out long ago with a gf.
the reason why sean couldnt get an erection when he was with paige is because he is secretly gay
Wish you'd fuck the fuck off and stop spamming your self pitying bullshit. You might be an ugly cunt but if you actually had a personality instead of being the prick that got bullied at school because he deserved it. God you sad sacks tire me out. 
Prohibited from enjoying britfeel when the spamfags are out
He isn't content to be miserable, he has to spend the majority of his time trying to convince everyone else to be miserable as well because it's all so hopeless isn't it? It's dire stuff.
Oh also this absolute slag
Also never taking a single morsel of blame. Guarantee one of these days he'll try to go postal but probably get tackled by a deano before he harms anyone and then we'll mock him relentlessly.
I've got a pretty good idea of what he looks, sounds and smells like.
Top taste mate, she still puts the mayo in my cockslaw if you catch my drift
Me, a loser? nope. Couldn't be me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbuU4Gj14aY [Embed]
Hate it when men in dresses sneak into the trans section on CB. Stay in the gay section
Just want AY back
Have you ever know anyone who liked real ale and football. Im starting to think these are you very different crowds
Fuck off man. It ain't about personality.
Hes a twink, a sissy little bum boy
Get some better fucking taste in asmr lad.
That's just what you tell yourself because you are, above all else, a massive fanny
He's giving up the livestreams. No more lolcow.
All asmr is cringe and i say that while wearing a gibi hoodie
who is this?
i remember her but i have no idea who it is
must have been many moons ago
Charlotte church
Have you ever know anyone who liked real ale and football. Im starting to think these are you very different crowds
Reposting for awnsers
Some of it definitely is, if everywhere you goes stinks of shit maybe it's time to check your own shoe
Watching Avatar: the last airbender
i was crushington on natalie imbrugliashire, back in the glory days
Everyone remarks me as the chill cool guy, but in reality I'm quite socially anxious. I'm comfortable with who I am, but I know people are cruel and make unfounded judgements - and for that, I can't let go of.
need to do a bag audit, my work bag is a fucking disaster zone
spam mongs have ruined this general. even the OP is their idol. no wonder everyone has fucked off and the threads die a death.
Yeah I had a thing for Charlotte Church as well. That music video for 'Call my name' with her bouncing boobies was proper boner material
Rachel Stevens
She was on one of those shit gameshows that has washed up z-listers on a few weeks ago, she's properly hit the wall sadly
I had a thing for cock once
Anyone wanna see my cock?
Anyone wanna see my cock?
No
he hates hook up or camehore post my leeeeeed
Oh for fuck sake lads, not too sure what's happened but I've somehow managed to piss off the Mrs. Got into a debate about the difference in cruelty between regular cows farmed for maccies burgers and foie gras. I said it isn't really that different but arguably foie gras is worse but somehow she still got pissed off at me pointing out the grey areas. What did I do wrong here exactly?
Anyone else watching Selby Vs Allen.
It's been a great little battle so far.
whats foie gras?
Here you go lazy lad:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foie_gras?wprov=sfla1
tfw no foie gras gf
Don't think people like being Well Actually'd much, that's probably about it. The poor lovely cows etc. etc.
They force feed birds to make their livers fatty I think. Never tried it, seems like something a feudal lord would eat
thank you, friends
foie gras is way, way worse
the comparison alone is retarded imo
Thinking about Desi again...
She's touching balls...
What a fucking slag 
fr fr
Ah fuck, I did WELLAKSHUALLY her didn't I. No wonder she's pissed off. Ah well, one night on the couch won't kill me, got a bong and some chocolates, little bit pissed but sweet sleep will come soon. 
I R retard?
I R retard?
what does that mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSWG3LWs81A [Embed]
Seems like a murder suicide.
Shouldve sided with the Nazis.
Reminder that Palestine never voted to leave Britain. Look what they have endured.
Damn Judaism.
Damn Christianity.
Damn Israel.
Damn Islam.
Create billions of British babies and do not accept immigrants etc that you do not want.
Trust your feelings always. If something feels bad, it is bad.
Smite all abstract invasion, abstract subversion, and abstract genocide.
Destroy even the most abstract form of Israel.
British etc are eternal.
As someone skimming through the backlog, I've seen this post twice in as many seconds.
Soiboi/Deano is the answer
Make British chans and a British version of the internet that cannot be subverted like 4chan was.
This is good advice, FBR is doing so for Germany
Post the one with Sophia Lillis smoking a cig, I like that picture
FBR
you mean the soundspacker?
Just got back from seeing Evil Dead Rise. Not that impressed tbqh. Enjoyed me Nandos though. Having a wuppa now and getting womfy before beddingtons. Cheers x
Sounds like a good day/evening. Have a comfy evening too HHL!
DEBATE:
Are British "People" worthy of human status?
What is it about British "People" that makes them so filthy and disgusting? Fucking atrocious. May they be cured of their illness.
sainsbury's to raise prices by 5% next week
fucking hell
A girl complimented me infront of senorita, not in a flirty way because she was with whom I assume was her bf. She said my hair was great and so was my green suede jacket. Felt fucking sweet drillers
Cheers lid. It was pretty womfy x
Had a dream a couple of nights ago where I was having a lovely cuddle with Lily James, which was weird. I'm not particularly familiar with her and it wasn't even sexual but I've been struggling to get it out of my head. It was really nice though.
Am tired me. Think I'll hit the sackingtons soon de lids.
By soon you mean 6am
Her face when she sees a suspicious male.
She may be happy for now.
Her parents must've put up with so much drama growing up. She was a self-harmer as evident from analysing her arms. This is why she is careful to not show them fully or wears long sleeves in videos. Very traumatic past she had.
laurel dreams of becoming a citizen of our country. She does not like the Muslim values of her home country.
Nah too tired for an all nighter. Garn watch some YouTubes then go sleeps.
Might go on a nightwalk but it's a bit rainy. Could be a good time to wind some coppers up.
Not many whites there. Glad I don't live there. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlZuNcjxM4U [Embed]
Doesn't owe you any conversation. Silly curly haired pig.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0yY0JJujCM [Embed]
In beddingtons now. The safest place in the world.
Just realised theres a bank holiday coming up, nice
Every day is a bank holiday to me lad.
We all bank holidays in life x
she probably has bpd. bf relationship likely toxic
Not as traumatic as your present
Go to sIeep
Not until I've finished my YouTubesgrind.
I've got half a mind to kill myself init
Japanese girls are so wovely x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqqttZd4-ws [Embed]
Scratching my balls is incredibly pleasurable
Unlawfully arrested and tortured in custody. They tried to fabricate the story to the CPS to justify his arrest. Section 50 is abused so much to obtain your personal details. Fucking corrupt to the core.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5oljEMjr6g [Embed]
The old pinch and twist feels so good.
You have advanced techniques
Section 50 can only be used if you've been suspected of a crime. That's the only case they can request your personal details or face threat of arrest. He hasn't been suspected of any crime. That's a clear abuse of powers if they arrested under Section 50 without suspicion of a crime. PIGS.
No you won't. You're a pussy boy.
Living life like a minimalistic monk seems pretty womfy to me. A stress free life is a good life. Might go monk mode for a few while.
Why? You'll only fail and have yet another melt down
Beauty and the Beast
Sons of the Silent Age
V-2 Schneider
Joe the Lion
Blackout
Sense of Doubt
Moss Garden
Neukoln
"Heroes"
Fockin ell just got up me
Got annudah appointment in 4
Posting just to keep the thread alive
I wish i had a better memory i was born in the early 90s but hardly remember any of it
I wouldn't call it a toxic relationship but I can imagine she gets a bit irritable at times. Poor lad has to avoid stepping on the eggshells when it's one of those days for her. 
"don't speak to me" *puts hand in face* and walks off kind of girl I reckon.
And yeah I know her game. She's told another asmr girl about me, probably made out I'm crazy. I'm sure she takes great pleasure making men like me suffer emotionally.
With all due respect get a life
Never ever mess with an emotional unstable man. Never walk alone in the evening.
I can't just get a life. The things I want are unobtainable. I can't get love. I am incel.
You overvalue relationships women are trash find something else to make you happy
To get a life would mean I can have some normality, be desired and not be treated like literal shit on someone's shoe. It's too fucking late to catch up. I have no experience of love. Now all I can do is turn to hate.
That's like dangling some delicious dessert in my face and saying it's trash. If I haven't had it, I need to try it...just like most others. I will never get over this feel. Every year it tears me down just a little bit more. It's dark times ahead.
Or you could stop caring so much and have fun
I can't. It's such a natural feel that I'll never experience.
You fucking drama faggot get over yourself lmao
Give me relationships and love. That's all I want. That's not too much to ask.
Here is a love of all potential
I think you want to be a sad fag, like this is some vulnerable narcissist shit
No I don't enjoy it one bit. I feel stuck and there's nothing I can do. I'm becoming a hateful person. I say absurd things.
I really like that bunny with the bat wings
She's really obsessed with murders and shit. Why?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRxuliNJ8CE [Embed]
I dont, i feel, i cant
narcissist get over yourself
Chad Daybell
Chad
I'm not. I hate being alone.
What do you think a narcissist is?
Not me for sure. I can't love myself until someone loves me.
Its someone who is obsessed with themselves
sleep at 1:40
awake at 4:00
Epic. I'm really jealous of heavy sleepers.
Foids are obsessed with serial killers,it's weird
I love this image it looks like the penguin is getting a telling off
My shits have been complete liquid since Sunday, de lids
What's happening?
Lol'd at this
True that. They'd rather write letters to serial killers in prison than date an law abiding incel.
What does /britfeel/ think about this?
That must be awkward when they're shagging
Do they have 1 womb? I'd wager they have two, but it'd be impossible to control the direction of sperm, so you'd shag your gd and her sister gets pregnant. LOL!
I bet the gf is the one on the left, rightoid is a 3/10 at best
Take an imodium de lid
Sort you right out
big massive gay men
Happy Friday lads. Pay Day and bank holiday weekend, planning to empty my sack in the gf later then have an all nighter playing COD with the boys with a pizza and few cans of red bull like the good old days, what's everyone else got planned?
There is something you could do, you could stop spouting utter 'woe is me' bollocks and just sort yourself out or for Gods sake shut the fuck up. It's always someone else's fault isn't it?
The other one goes into standby.
Snooker, hoping Si wins
Jobcentre in an hour, then minecraft.
got mafs assignments to do and they're all due in a week. be working up until then most likely ;_;
got a full schedule and shit written up on my whiteboard though - wagie practice i guess
How about getting a job or some skills you dosser
What are you doing a mathematics degree? best of luck with the assignments either way mate.
Sounds breddy gay.
I've just woke up. Wow. what an experience. Can't believe it I've just woken up. I've just woken up haven't I lads. I've only gone and just woken haven't I? I've woken up. WOW can't believe it.
yeah, I'm only first year so they're all open book and untimed, next year is where exams start
here's the question I'm on now, it's pretty easy for now but next year's material is where we start doing lagrangian mechanics, not just newtonian
Another mass audit. Get in there.
https://youtu.be/NyqxNg1kX3s [Embed]
I have no idea how to answer this.
tfw retard
https://youtu.be/aaz1u3panbI [Embed]
He out there doing hard graft today he's a fucking hard grafter. He's out there for woork he's ready for work de lads it's better than sitting in sad, lonely, bored and depressed. He works mate. He does voluntary work. He has to get train to Poole he does. He hard working, he hard grafting and he working all the way till about five. Luckily he has a bit of free time tomorrow. He doing such hard graft. He a model worker and he a hard worker. He does voluntary work doesn't he? He does some hard graft he gets more experience and what an experiment. He's put there bettering his life. He grafting hard. He twenty seven week no bookies he going to graft HARD today because he's a hard grafter.
Do they just audit catholic churches?
Not him but, I had trouble reading it.
it's gibberish unless you did A level maths
most annoying part is that he's made 'a' the starting point of the particle, when 'a' normally refers to some vector field denoting du/dt (acceleration)
He eats like a horse from a trough, absolute simpleton. 
Mathematics modules were my least favourite when I studied CompSci but I did see the value in learning stuff like linear algebra, makes sense for algorithms and data science.
Voluntary work
not voluntary if they threaten to cut his benefits if he doesn't go.
Since he stopped having breakdowns and getting shitfaced dancing in the streets no one gives a fuck about this clown anymore. He spends his pittance doing normie shit like take Helen out for dinner.
If someone had a gun to my head and I had to answer this I'd be a dead man.
Just got off the train near Wareham.
One station it smelled of fish, one station it smelled of shit.
Mad that.
*sets off to the dosscentre*
Why would they? They have respect for religion.
linear algebra was due on the 21st and by far the easiest so far, this was the only question that required human thought
Film those g4s goons.
It's over if you can't answer simple questions like this. Warehouse slavery it is.
did it in 20 minutes i fear. spectating lows from the skybox rn (and forever)
project more wagie
She's on tinder and I reckon she's only going for Chad.
Think I'll get a wominoes for dinner, payday and start of a bank holiday, why not fill myself with shit pizza?
Foid won't date single dads but is a single mum. Fucking hell.
No way I'd ever date a single mum. Never. Even if she was like 18 and in good shape still. Nope. Disgusting whore.
It is the way mate, everyone in the UK will be doing the same tonight. What's your pizza of choice? Mine is a Meateor on tomato sauce base with stuff crust, swap the pepperoni for sweetcorn or mushroom.
Incel tier woman.
Phwoarr fell right fast asleep after the brekkie this mornin, food coma and all
Then the other guy came and rang me doorbell and i hastily let him in 
Afterwards i immediately crashed again into beddingtonhams and got up just now
Hafta head out in two again corr, here's hoping the weather won't be too horrid but i'm not counting on it
I had to be careful, there was an auditer arrested nearby recently, they are on high alert.
mass audit
Catholics love mass
Religious bants.
I'm a vege so tend to go for the veggie volcano, take the lumps of tomatoes off and add on fake chicken or fake pepperoni, maybe mushrooms. Chefs kiss.
Bought 2nd hand copy of Resident Evil 4 from white owned business on ebay
gonna finish the game and return it within 30 days for a refund
When will doss hunter videos be a thing?
You thought you wer meeting a fellow dosser forra can of strongbow in the park, but it's really me, yer job coach.
What if it was brown owned?
Cold cheese and onion pie with beans, then it's dosscraft time.
black kid i reckon
how long is your hair now
how is your father
have you bought a house yet
I don't get why people spend 15 quid on a wominoes when you can get similar quality pizzas for 4 or 5 quid in any supermarket.
Not to mention the cheap ones for a quid.
I do my research 
have you bought a house yet
not heard anything from anyone in a while but offer was accepted 2 weeks ago
Because not everyone is a benefits scrounger that has to penny pinch. You are lying to yourself if you think that cheap frozen shit is as nice as fresh pizza.
I do my research
Ringing and asking is mohammed working? If they say no, it's clearly owned by a hwhite devil.
tipped my WHITE uber eats driver yesterday
take that poley!
1 pound tesco value pizza is the same as a dominoes
It is, as dominos is poo tier. The only good thing is the pudding menu.
Large swathes of society are being priced out of basic human necessities such as food, heating and shelter by rampant unchecked greed. Even working a full time job is no guarantee of security.
The ownership class need to read a history book and remember what happens when people go from having nothing to gain to having nothing to lose.
It's time to pull out of slavery and get on the neetbucks if we can't have our basic needs met. Add on the insane high standards of females these days too... there's not much reason to work.
Why are you always trying to encourage us to be as miserable as you?
You dropped these mate.
Nah man. No supermarket pizza lives up to Domino's. The texture, the taste, the quality of the ingredients. Could eat one everyday if they weren't so pricey.
Why would I be sour if I don't like the taste of the products these shit tier purveyors of shitness provide?
Really, they are on par with the chicagotown and goodfellas? brands. It would be better making ones own pizza.
20 stone coming on strong my leeds
Life is becoming miserable for more people. You shall see for yourself soon. This country is going down the shithole. Unchecked immigration and boomer landlords are ruining it.
if we can't have our basic needs met
People on minimum wage are supposed to struggle it's designed that way to encourage people to gain the skills for jobs that are more fulfilling and pay better.
Add on the insane high standards of females these days too
Personality, wealth, looks. You literally only need one of these to attract a woman.
My life is fucking brilliant mate.
The Dominos pizza bases are great. Frozen pizza cannot compare. I've tried most frozen pizzas and I've not had one live up to takeaway pizza. The ones made in Asda are disgusting. I don't know how anyone can enjoy them.
Seems like you're blaming everybody but the politicians that allow it. Very strange behaviour.
Feeling sad because I'm going to see her tonight, but I can't stay round hers. Woe is me
The Dominos pizza bases are great.
But not the sauce and toppings? I agree. Bit too much to pay for a nice base, no?
Yeah I'm having a wonderful life. You just have to play the game rather than moan that it's unfair. I bet there are people that think it's unfair they pay for you to rot in your mums box room but they don't go on about it like you do.
Not interested in peasant drivel
Ejaculated in a woman's vagina twice last night
I remember the early days with my girlfriend trying to squeeze as much out of ever last minute before one of us had to go home for the night. Enjoy the intensity of it all anon.
I have no issue with any of it. It's better than Pizza Hut.
It's time to pull out of slavery and get on the neetbucks if we can't have our basic needs met.
If everyone did this the government would just cut you leeches off on mass and leave you to die. Natural selection is prevalent in all life on this earth, why should you be any different?
Pizza hut is actual shit. Always overcooked and rubbery. It might just been where I live they don't know how to make a fucking pizza. Back in the mid 2000's Pizza Hut was way better than Domino's.
the shut in dossers have spent HOURS talking about pizza
Without minimum wage wagies society would crumble. Not everyone can gain skills. Idiot.
Personality alone isn't enough to attract a woman. They would date neets otherwise.
Jokes on you, I've been out to the dosscentre this morning.
is appaently incapable of gaining skills
calling other people idiots
You're in a right nasty mood today Ruthmong. Least you're not taking it out on your poor mum.
Play the game and never win. That's not a fair game to me. Fuck slavery. I'd rather neet it up and die young.
Your personality is absolutely horrible
No. We riot and bring down the government, then we go after the elite class to get our wealth back.
Not everyone can gain skills. Idiot.
And that is why your options are work minimum wage or take the government pittance. Just embrace your lot in life.
Personality alone isn't enough to attract a woman
I have some bad news for you chief, it is likely yours is just incredibly shit. I've known many NEET's that got girls based on them being interesting or funny.
It all gets to me you see all this doom and gloom news. Convinces me even more to not bother with life. I wish I had a fighting chance.
Play the game and never win
Because you are shit at it. Thanks for playing.
I'd rather neet it up and die young
As I said natural selection at work. No need to be upset these are just the facts.
It is now due to decades of never having love. Anyone else would get this way if they were in the same position.
Never going to happen. I said play the game, you aren't actually going to win it. Luckily for the government most NEETS are so poorly adjusted they just sit and rot in their parents houses getting shitfaced to numb the pain like Makaveli.
Convinces me even more to not bother with life. 
I wish I had a fighting chance.
Stop pretending you even want one, you just want an excuse to wither or someone to blame it on to make yourself feel better.
If I wanted to be this way, then I wouldn't be so fucking angry and depressed. I fucking hate this country. I'm not going to support it.
Nah man, I knew a guy who was a NEET KHHV at 28, but he was a really nice dude with healthy opinions and attitudes towards women. He met a girl on VR Chat and they have a kid now. You are just a salty fuck.
Poorfags trying to convince me not spend less than 1% of my monthly pay on a pizza. Christ alive imagine having to care that much about 20 fucking quid.
If it makes you feel better a promise a woman won't make your situation any better, ask anyone here that was in your situation that found a girlfriend. They don't just cure your depression.
20 quid is a lot of money when you rely on government handouts and lying about being disabled to try and milk money from the teet of public funding.
I'd say a good 75% of the depression will go if I had a girlfriend. I'd be in a better place, contributing to society and feel valued for once. I know it's not going go fix all the issues.
How all these people complain about housing when SSM lives a fairly decent life and never works? Did he get lucky?
I'd say a good 75% of the depression will go if I had a girlfriend
lmao
Reckon she could answer that in five minutes. She loves algebra. Really intelligent girl. Going to a better university than you. If only I could have this intelligence and attract such lovely people into my life.
He has been supplemented many times by family members behind the scenes, also it isn't hard to maintain his incredibly low standard of life on benefits. He also has to do voluntary work a few days a week to get his benefits now.
The fact you don't see anything remotely fucking creepy about your post tells me everything about why you aren't doing very well in life. I genuinely think you are probably quite an unhinged and dangerous individual. It concerns me that you are unironically a ticking time bomb.
I'm not dangerous. I would be the most caring person for a decent girl like her. However, if I am going to be alone then of course it's going to fuck my mental health bad.
He's lucky to live in Wareham. It's almost 100% white demographic too
I've said some things but I've never crossed the line. It's just a symptom of being alone. I can't help it.
 I would be the most caring person for a decent girl like her
Caring people do not stalk strangers online for a start. And the fact that you refuse to take any responsibility for scaring her and ruining her hobby proves my point about how you just blame everyone else for your problems. Genuinely the whole world isn't out to get you and the sooner you realise your problems are YOUR problems the more likely it is you will have the agency to get your shit together.
It's just a symptom of being alone. I can't help it.
I can't help it
never your fault is it?
I feel like the attention he gets on /britfeel/ is just about the only human interaction in his life, even though everyone thinks he's a bellend. Imagine how creepy you need to be to get socially ostracised here, he'd be much better off in one of the outer /r9k/ threads.
Morning morning morning lads, Hotel lady and Shush. 
I hope you are all well and looking forward to another long weekend and maybe have some nice plans. 
I've done a quick garage tidy and will go and watch the sail boats and walk around the park for a while. Will grab some alcohol free beers later. 
Take care lads and don't let the demoralisation mongs drag you down, nothing makes them happier than the though of you being depressed and contemplation hurting yourself or others. Don't give them the satisfaction. 
One last thing:
Burger > Kebab > Pizza
Honestly its fucking pathetic. If you're a 9-5er who's content and well adjusted, good on you lad. Equally if your a NEET and you spend your bennys on Frosty Jacks and quite merrily get shitfaced on tax payers money, good on you as well!
Whatever you do, just fucking own it rather than whinge like this creepy wanker.
Picking up prescription
Ask If I pay for mine
I don't but they never asked me before
Panic and don't know what exemption to tick on the form
Tell them I got it wrong and that I actually pay
I fucking hate myself
I feel like the attention he gets on /britfeel/ is just about the only human interaction in his life
Found this post very relatable
The lady doth protest too much methinks.
UC?
She clearly had other factors going on like being busy with college. I doubt it was me and I was quite supportive of her. She's not as strong as Laurel. Laurel wouldn't let a larp get to her. I'm crossing my fingers she comes back because she's letting down 16k subscribers who support her so much.
Imagtest
genuinely comfy post lad. sounds like you've had a nice morning. I'm off to Costco with the missus to grab a load of bakery shit for the long weekend, then we're gonna watch the original Star Wars trilogy and play some Divinity OS2. Agree to disagree though mate Burger > Pizza > Kebab
Forgot I needed to attached an image to do an imagtest
You are actually severely mentally ill. I hope the aura you give off protects women for many years to come.
The Iady doth protest too much methinks.
If I'm going to be forever alone then I'm only going to get worse.
Success
Can't see an image
I have epilepsy, it's several months between having to order my meds tho so I outright forgot if I paid or not
He's making himself more mentally ill out of spite lmao
What's the point taking meds? Can't honestly see them making me feel like being a productive member of society. My libido will be nuked too. One of the few joys in life taken away.
not even ruthmong can get me today lads, it's pay day, first of many long weekends here in blighty and I've got a few hundred quid to burn this month.
Post box rooms lads!
boxroom
no boxes
Oof that's a small box room. Smaller than mine and I'm a neet.
mummy had to remove the boxes to get my bed in silly.
It's time for me to sleep lads. Will be watching the asmr.
Yeah parents weren't happy when I insisted I have a desk in my room rather than a wardrobe. Ending up having my clothes in my dads wardrobe
Ha yea, it's exactly like this. Although I've done this with many birds before, it never fails to hurt.
Usually I stay round hers Friday and Saturday night but she's got exams and wants to study and I want to get out her hair. Gonna barely see her May. Sucks
Can't believe I set off an entire exchange on frozen pizzas not comparing to Dominos when I never even referred to frozen pizzas as the comparison, I obviously meant the fancy 5 quid ones they have in the chilled isles.
And I stand by the fact they go toe-to-toe with domitoes.
Good on you for putting her first though lad. My missus refused to come back and see me till I handed in my dissertation since I very nearly fucked my studies up the wall at the very end in favour of being a lovesick fool
Even so they aren't quite as nice as dominoes. I will concede Dominos isn't 3 times better as the price would indicate though. I like the Tesco 'take away night' ones in the blue and red boxes.
Alri lids
My plans for today? WFH, some vidya and a beer run
Cheers x
WFH - the sophisticated mans method of NEETing. 2500 a month to do as he fucking pleases. What vidya and what beers?
this is pretty fucking cringe lad.
eh, that picture is actually from about a decade ago when I was back in school. I've moved out since and have a better setup now (monitors still going strong though).
Afternoon lollers. Is today a wagie holiday as well?
I've been to the dosscentre, and watched dossmaster, smoking a dude doss cigarello about to play dosscraft, and I need to set up the dosstop still with doss lite OS.
Do you like the alcohol free beers? I have tried a couple but think they tasted a bit weird.
don't tell porkies lad, that's a recent picture.
It hurts me to do so, but it's for the good of things and I'm glad she's taking it seriously. In this situation, I am the lovesick fool
I wish it was, I have many happy memories in that room, I'd love to go back and play Chrono Trigger for the first time over the course of a long carefree summer.
I wear a fedora hat
I meant wank from home haha. 
Beers will be Heineken and vidya will be either Sims 4 or Age of Empires IV
X
where is foot chungus
you are all massive gay mongs
I'm actually straight
All operations in /britfeel/ will cease by no later than 31 July 2025. We are opening a consultation period to determine exactly when this should occur. Alternative Propositions are 31 July 2024 and 31 December 2023. In any case a transitionary period will begin on 31 July 2023 to allow regular posters a chance to make Alternative arrangements for what to do with their life
Just shut it down tomorrow mate
pretty bored of the ruthmong larp, been too obvious for too long now
The hardest part will be finding a shelter for the apu's. I haven't told anyone this but I've been breeding literally thousands of them in the /britfeel/ basement. We can't just leave them in there can we.
BritNormie grabbing ruthmong by the scuff of his neck and pinning him up against a wall
BritNormie falling asleep on the number 77 bus and waking up on a fishing trawler off the coast of Aberdeen wondering how the he'll he got there
I wouldn't do that. I'd take him for a pint and countersign his passport application. If he's a real person, that is. Character seems a bit on the nose sometimes
But you do find yourself waking up in bizarre places? It happens to the best of us
Actually something similar did happen to me once. I woke up on a roof of a house on Crete. I was meant to be on Crete but not there. The owner of the house blasted me with a hose to get me down.
seasideMARK has a job. What's your excuse?
What's your excuse?
WFH mate.
What's your excuse?
DFH mate
Saw Frosty's apu begging for spare change outside Lidl earlier
Doss from Home?
Shaggers report:
Reasonably good shag last night, had two rounds, have been invited back tonight so performance was well rated from her end
Doss from Home?
You know it.
we're gonna watch the original Star Wars trilogy
Niiiice! I wish Faith was into Star Wars she doesn't even like The Mandalorian series. 
What are you getting, will it be patisserie goodies to have watching movies?
Good afternoon mate!
That's a lot of doss, be sure to take a break or you'll be too tired for your main doss hahaha. 
They didn't have the ones I like so I have larger tops and a bottle of mocktail. Also my friend gave me this capsule with liquid THC, so he says it is and desu is smells like weed, so I'll be trying that out later. 
Give me a shout on the discord if you need anything.
Get in there DFH lads
will it be patisserie goodies to have watching movies?
It absolutely will lad, feeling one of those big packs of cookies and maybe a crate of Pepsi Max.
Phwoar
Need to see the full video of these two sluts tbqh
Got a Vegi Volcano en route my leeds
A cheeky little treat for eating healthy these past few weeks
be slaving away in wagie hell today
listening to choons 
every time i pause or skip a song my phone would play a notification sound
Every fucking time
Ding dong
change song
Ding dong
google problem 
its all videos of pajeets telling you how to disable whatsapp notifications 
try to word it differently 
nope, you must want to clear these notifications blah blah
try different media player, no dinging noises
clear cache on usual player
fixed
Jesus fucking christ de lads 
battery also went from 60ish percent to 13 for some reason, think the old girl is about to kick the bucket tbqh
Enjoy that me lad. Garn for a frozen Ristorante meself but don't begrudge you a decent quality one instead like some ITT
Luckily I have Monday off, it's a hard life being a dosser.
Did you get bass shandy? Any plans for whilst high?
I saw a interesting film, and thought of you. I wondered if you like your films how you like your games?
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt12483708/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
Only the lowest of the low ranks of wagies have to work bank holidays
My mate says the high lasts around 2 hours so I'm going to try some vidya because I've never done that before and if I'm too monged out to play I can fall back on watching a movie. I'm currently playing Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order.
I have watched Doors thanks mate, I think it should have a better rating desu.
I have just downloaded 2 Chinese movies 
The Wandering Earth 
The Wandering Earth II
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13539646/
Here is a recommend for you. 
Infinity Chamber
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3839880/
Will you be winding down the week with some beers and a cheeky smoke?
Been asked to join me mates for some drinks tonight but I'm just gonna stay womfy and save meself for tomorrow.
He's not wrong though is he lads.
Did you get a PS5 or is the latest your PS4?
It was good, I quite enjoyed doors. There's a similar Amurrican 1, called portals, but I've not seen it yet. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt10327842/
Actually, they're both murrican. Hmm?
No beers tonight, I'll be having more smoke.
absolute shite weather on the rhine
hope soundspacker's getting properly drenched
Isn't Andrew still in a Romanian prison?
I only watch Countdown for are Rachel
Have my cousin and her partner coming over this evening for a catch up. Always a bit awkward seeing how we used to hook up regularly but neither of our partners know about it. Always praying she keeps her gob shut about it.
Still on the PS4 for what I play I don't think I can justify getting a PS5 yet and PS4 is still getting new games like Forbidden West, Resident Evil 4 remake and FIFA23. 
Here are some sites for the lads and you if you fancy installing cracked PC games or console games on custom firmware &amp; homebrew.
https://www.superpsx.com/
https://ps4pkg.com/
https://dlpsgame.com/home/
Sean was especially boring last night
I was never really into fifa, I liked john maddon, that was always good.
I'll check out that film you mentioned before, I forgot to say thanks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pqv_TqdZSYg [Embed]
Meeting bird in 2 hours in London, I'm here in my office and finished work. What the fuck do I do for 2 hours
For me its Papa Johns desu
Imagine being a security guard for Greggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or-IFAfHSz0 [Embed]
Fockin 'ell laddinghams, what a shitshow this was
Fucking girlfriend definitely has bipolar disorder or sommet
She suffered yet another paranoid episode while on call earlier, followed immediately by a nervous breakdown out of nowhere complete with crying and sobbing to me on the phone - That, or she really knows how to fake an extremely convincing one...
For now she apparently doesn't want to meet up again at all, so i'm just gonna wait and see if she'll make up her mind at some point in the near/mid-term future. 
Maybe/probably she's already cheating on me with some rando chad in her home cunt and keeps psychologically projecting this on to me; Basically most everything she accuses me of/says she suspects me of pulling she's pulling herself by the looks of it, it's that femoid ""logic"" at work here and all.
But yeah, there's definitely no pleasing this woman no matter what i do or don't; At the same time i will not kill the relationshit thougheverbeit - That one's going to be completely on her if she decides to do so (and yes, she'd blame me for it too of course since womanoids are biologically incapable of taking responsibility for their own - mostly irrational and erratic - actions) 
Fucking rain started pouring as well almost at the exact same time she started sobbing on me, lol. What a complete fucking shitshow really
Imagine fucking a fleshlight inside out
would like it was giving birth to a bellend
inb4 like ur mum
im 22 and feel like its over
ive been fucking anxious and depressed all my life and the only reason i didnt kms when i was a kid was because i had hope that id suddenly become a cool skater emo boy with a cute emo gf and become a rockstar or some shit like that, kept on holding out hope that it'd happen for years but it never did because i was an autist that fucking hated himself and obviously autism + self hatred = no charisma and no drive to put myself out there
now that im graduating uni in a month i wanna fucking kms because i feel that all the chances i had to turn this shit around have passed me by and now it's impossible for me to live the life i wanted
no friends, khv (got hugs tho), no parties, no meaningful personal growth
i almost unalived myself when i was 16 and 19 because i fucking hated life so much, but hung in there merely because i thought id become cool and get an emo gf on my dick somehow, should have just gone ahead with it then lol
i don't wanna hang out with adults and do boring adult shit, i wanna be a zoomer. i wanna go skatepark and start a band and fall in love with mentally ill adhd girls
mid 20s women are incompatible with me, too much baggage and expectations of having my shit together, im basically not attracted to anyone over 21 kek, miss me with that shit lol
i feel my only option is to larp as if im 18 again and give myself another slate
there are scholarships i can apply for that let me go to uni in japan/korea/taiwan for free, or i could go to uni for free in argentina
the competition is hard but it's my only shot. i only have two chances to make it work before im too old to qualify but i feel this is my only ticket out of here
i know im weird for trying to be a zoomer in my mid 20s and somewhat sleazy for trying to date 18 and 19 year olds in my mid 20s but this is all i have, this is all i fucking have and the only thing i ever fucking stayed alive for
and if i can't get this then i'll kms
just fucking sat on one of me bollocks
ywn own a midnight diner in japan
ello ello you lot x
Friday night bank holiday means 2 desperado tall boys and a 4 pack of carling export so get in x
1 pound pizza for dinner first then a poo then my first pint! 
hope all sound lads are okay and smiling :) x
The state. After a hard week of dossing, I finish dossing and as a treat get a dossaway, and these bastards charge 10 dosstokens for a bag.
I think I got extremely lucky and when I sent in my documents after they processed them I got my passport about 3 days after the issue date. Didn't even take 2 weeks total. I assume that isn't the common experience then?
22 is nothing lad. You can still do that shit if you really wanted. You can do anything you really want. The world is literally yours for the taking. Do something. Anything.
Alri Footlad
Enjoy your pizza and beer mate
So this is kino power, huh?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6ZmevfcGwA [Embed]
what a shitshow, really, lad
wishin you all the bestingtonshire
who controls the fartington controls the stankshire, dont you ever forget that
What compels a man to audit?
will do leeeed :)
You got much on x
A lot of free time and clown world.
You need countersignures. No good if you don't know professional people. Other countries don't do this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DWLKgjU8B8 [Embed]
Silly boy thinks playing music will stop him. Geek.
https://youtu.be/P6a-rENsESA [Embed]
Nah just a few weers and a few tunes for me my leeed
Keeping it womfy tonight x
Some pretty dire videos from DJ lately.
best mix desu so enjoy 
you got a personal tune preference? so far im on some morgan wallen the chats amyl and the sniffers and the dead south. 
shuffles to fridge for his second desperado 
&lt;3
*CLANG*
Auditposting and whining has now commenced for the evening!
*CLANG*
old.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/39asg2/my_25_m_bipolar_girlfriend_21_f_of_1_year_cheated/
Lol @ this faggot making up excuses for his cheating whore gf 
"Wasn't in control of herself" my fucking ass
You're a coping cuck my dude, she'll do it time and again
Because he's hanging around with the likes of the mentally unstable AY lately.
*settles in with some classy foreign tinnies*
alright footlad calm down
He's hanging out with the chav lads. 
https://youtu.be/6slH_NeIvvY [Embed]
don't forget posting ASMR thots
obvs not me is it mate 
i havent posted all week
Just listening to Distortion Radio atm mate 
Dont drink too much lad we dont want you down A&amp;E again haha
Oh yeah, I remember stressing about that now. Needing it signed by someone who already has a passport and is in employment, absolutely ridiculous. Fucking impossible if you don't have friends. I got away with not needing a professional though, ended up asking a girl I knew since I saw she recently posted about having went on on holiday, she did it all online and thankfully no problems.
Terrible system though, definitely not NEET friendly at all.
imagine if women were actually stronger and were the hunters corr
Exactly. That's why I wouldn't bother. Just get rejected every time. Neets are meant to stay at home.
kek youre as paranoid as her and probably driving her insane with your bizarre behaviour
Glow is unbelievably gorgeous
also how manipulative are you that youre only willing to end the relationship when it makes her look at fault. thats borderline gaslighting behaviour
Lool i said those exact words to her bipolar ass too 
It don't matter though, there's no fixing this level of crazy
 down a and e again 
appreciate that lad ive only got a few in and im feeling great this week works been good and in general feel like everythings all coming up millhouse! We staying womfy tonight also i promised to mow my sexy milf neighbours lawn tomorrow if it dry so i want to be fresh haha! 
never heard of distortion radio is it on yt or on the waves? xx
Wonder how AY is getting on after his weltdown and arrest
Could do with an update desu
holy shit dude calm down youre not in your mid 20s. youre 22. youre still very young. you have every chance to do summat.
lad please 
ever since futurama ive felt this way imagine if we just dressed cute for our bread winner wives who fucked us how they wanted and were muscular and big COOOOR
busty tranny with a loose sphincter
I'm also neet however. Any friends of mum and dad that they could ask on your behalf? I would have done this is not for the fact my parents are just as unsociable as me and I know for a fact they don't have friends.
why dont you act like a fucking mature human being and end the relationship then instead of fucking around like a twat
He's back on the audits.
Corr might well be in with that milf neighbour mate haha
I bet taking a break from this dire site has helped too 
You can listen online https://www.distortionradio.com/listen
I don't like asking people that barely know me. I like doing things by myself. Most things in life can be done yourself. I'm just gonna leave it and accept my place in the world.
Is that a new video?
definitely was a ginger. there was a ginger lad at my school who always had a temper and people absolutely hated him.
It's from this.
https://youtu.be/NyqxNg1kX3s [Embed]
haha sadly her husband is a rather scary fella who ride sbikes but we bond ove rhis interest in dinosaurs and music. Still who knows I might see her in her bikini like staceys mum! 
It makes a world of difference and spending my free time on some civ V and anime has been fun watching cowboy bebop and that vinland saga! Still I like to check in with the sound lads &lt;3
I will give it a listen mate thank you! what you drinking btw? x
How old is Kev? He looks about 50 here.
I can understand that but you're literally in a situation in a system designed so that you have no other way than to need verification through others. It's out of your hands in all aspects except for taking the initiative to find someone, you will really never get one because of this?
37 he said in that live. Has been boozing and smoking since he was a kid.
I doubt I will. I am not really a social person. I keep myself to myself. If I had one, I'd have done a spot of solo travel.
Never knew Footlad liked dinosaurs!
What anime are you watching mate? I've never really seen any before, I might give it a go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZLfasMPOU4&amp;pp=ygUKc3RhY3lzIG1vbQ%3D%3D [Embed]
Snooker
You watching next Selby Vs Allen session?
37
Fockin ell kek
It's a reminder to any lads in their early 20s to stop fucking boozing and smoking. It will age you badly. Take note lads.
cooor definitely played a part in my foot fetish and older women fascination haha. Yes Dinosaurs! had many toys as a kid and adored jurrasic park like many others. So far im watching cowboy bebop because it reminds me of firefly has good action and sentiment to it plus the episodes are only 20 mins uhm and vindland saga because its vikings and I wish Thors was my dad haha. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN361aALPIk [Embed]
on repeat tune from me to you lid x
what music and or vidya and or shows you on at the moment? it hard when toil and sleep takes over life haha x
Mum's getting me McDonald's tonight for being a good boy this week. Wahey.
Reckon I could smash up 20 police cars before being apprehended.
reckon you would be winded and gasping for breath fatty after one!
Idk about him but I am fat and would like to get arrested by female cops
I'm a fit lad (in the body weight). I could do it quite easily. Don't underestimate my strength.
Cheer for the recommendations I will check out Cowboy Bebop if I can find a torrent!
Tbh I've spent way too much time gooning lately to have time for anything else
Porn has taken over my life ffs
Cosmic Psychos
Based de leeed 
On the heinekens now if that's alright with you my leed
Had a maccies for dinner wahey
porn taken over life 
its a crux like any other mate so I hope you try and dedicate less time to it. I knwo you can because you strike me as a kind soul and someone who deserves more &lt;3 
Cosmic psychos are the best them and skeggs and dune rats always go great with beers x
bebop should be easy to find if lollers is around he normally has some alleyways to cop goods the legeend he is x
it definitely alright with me 
im on thr carlsberg exports so get in &lt;3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXMUY4deXs0 [Embed]
get in there mummy's boy
Don't underestimate my strength.
Lmao fuck off ruthmong you absolute joke of a man
It starts now. Wipe the porn drives and reclaim your life.
Eclipsa is very cute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYrfRvf5bl4&amp;t=648s [Embed]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SReI7nRpvYM [Embed]
thinking about a cute lad to hold &lt;3
in fact im heading to r9gay for a bit 
cheers x
Don't like the overly perfect hairstyle. It's a wig right?
kill yourself you sad cunt
Got some alopecia I reckon. That might be why she wears a wig.
Only flaws on her is her wonky eye and teeth (which can be fixed).
Ruth has a wonky eye too.
Lovely blue eyes too. A trait I love.
go spam brit mate yeah?
No it's real, I think it's nice about this length personally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0IoroiWl-c [Embed]
He's got a thing for slightly bong-eyed lasses with blue eyes who look as young as possible.
She does indeed. She's a bit insecure about that though as she took those videos down.
I will check out Cowboy Bebop if I can find a torrent!
I hope you enjoy this anime! 
Cowboy.Bebop.2021.S01.COMPLETE.720p.NF.WEBRip.x264-GalaxyTV
https://1337x.unblockit.click/torrent/5057441/Cowboy-Bebop-2021-S01-COMPLETE-720p-NF-WEBRip-x264-GalaxyTV/
I also recommend Asura anime movie. It isn't the SOL I normally watch and its very very good.
Asura
https://yts.unblockit.click/movies/asura-2012
bebop should be easy to find if lollers is around he normally has some alleyways
I got him covered mate. I hope you are well and looking forward to the long weekend.
Just spent the last 8 hours edging. Having a rest before doing another 3-4 hours
I feel young again
I wouldn't say she looks "young". She's 23 and looks no older than 25.
Sorry lads I linked you the TV series and not the anime series. 
Fixed 
https://1337x.unblockit.click/torrent/932641/Cowboy-Bebop-1998-720p-BrRip-DualAudio-English-Japanese-HD-1-26-Complete-Season-KoTuWa-v2/
...and she hasn't been 23 for too long. Her body is quite small though.
Thank you Lollers mate but I can't access that site
Error 1007 The owner of this website (1337x.unblockit.click) has banned your IP address
Do you have another mirror I could use? Thank you x
You honestly are a very creepy man
shine the bat signbal and there he is &lt;3
Ello lovely lollers hope all is well with you and your health and life man x all good my end been feeling great past week or so and toiling away got a payrise which is good! How is tricks with you?
The night security guard settled in for whinge posting, ASMR spam and auditing mongs.
There are many 23 year old girls here dating lads in their early 30s. Nothing wrong with it really as long as you aren't taking advantage and are in love.
it a spam mong routine mate best leaving him alone he feeds from yous.
no doubt you reading it all
Alri lollers pal how you doing? Hotel here xx
I'll be saving the juicy details of laurel for another day.
wew lad what you beatin it to?
What's so good about there? It moves fast.
Never seen ASMR girls in /brit/ anyway, just trannies and insta thots
you wont be spamming here
cheers x
angela lad is a lovely lad &lt;3
She's been lurking here lately as she told another asmr beauty that I was posting about me.
what you beatin it to?
AI generated NTR
Try this ones
https://www.1337x(dot)tw/
https://www.1377x(dot)to/
Please replace (dot) with a .
shine the bat signbal and there he is &lt;3
hahahaha
make me laugh and smile lollers lad
takecare of yourself you deserve it &lt;3
I'm not into trannies. Seems like there's no reason to go there then lad.
says the foot mong of all people
Why do you post them here? Nobody enjoys what you do
get help lad jesus christ
At the end of the day I love my asmr. I just want to spread their love. We all hurting in life. I don't really mean any harm.
I'm sure some have fallen in love with then like I did. There's no way you can deny they are beautiful people.
I'm sure some have fallen in love with then like I did
Don't be stupid. You just sit here getting called a cunt all day and night because you like drumming up attention for them and more importantly for yourself.
I'm a full time dosser mate. Nobody hires long term neets. I don't really like the thought of supporting Chads and Stacys. Working without ever having love is brutal.
Liked the part too where she actually accused me of hacking into her whatsapp (???) "because it showed some connected device that wasn't there before" (?????)
Fucking lol really. She also keeps putting tape over her smartphone's camera lenses "so no one can spy on her" or sommet
The woman really has some sort of bipolar-paranoid disorder she either doesn't know about or that she's hiding from me on full fockin purpose
Got it downloading now mate thanks for your help x
On me 3rd weer now Flad m8 x
go back to asmr posting you sad cunt 
he doesnt reply to this
suprise surpirse
good on you leeed take it easy and make sure to have some grub and some water nearby we satying comfy tonight x
cowboy bebop is great and so is vinland saga &lt;3
Filtering 
fockin 
and
sommet
should hide most of that cunts spam
heil mary cheers
corr getting hyped up for the next threads lads. you got your your posts and images all ready for top spots?
mum's already told me off for clapping my hands too loudly
I'll be clapping her cheeks soon
Jump in my leeeeds
