What are they doing to their selfs? You should be at your peak at that age
Alcohol and weed
Because they eat too much and don't exercise. I doubt the average man looks much better.
We answered you yesterday OP.
Well yeah this is ehat average teenagers looked like 15 years ago as well. Like 70% of girls in my class were fat. Teenagers being a "peak" in looks is such a meme. Most teenagers always looked like freaking goblins.
they all look perfectly fuckable to me
no not really. it's always been an upward trend, but the majority of kids being fat? are you sure that's not just your area?
Because dudes would still pound those chicks out regardless. In this day and age people only care about casual sex. Show me a chick you think is disgusting and I promise you, unless she's disabled or straight-up disfigured, she probably has more sex than you ever will. Fat, ugly, disgusting, smelly. It doesn't matter. There are dudes paying literal crackheads and heroin addicts to fuck. If you are beyond delusional if you think normal looking pudgy or fat bitch isn't getting an abundance of dick any given day or week. Why would she try and improve herself or her looks when she gets 30 guys a week flooding her inbox begging to eat her asshole or take her out???
This. Only pedophiles think teenagers are "peak". It's really 21-24 when women are at their absolute prime which is why they do most of their whoring and fucking during college.
I mean they're all average as fuck. The one on the bottom just looks weird because she's slouching awkwardly...the posture makes her look like a goblin but it's clear she's not fat or even chubby. Probably average or ugly in the face but like you said fuckable at the very least.
This girl for example?
She for sure has dudes lined up swiping right and trying to fuck. Now whether dudes are lining up to date her is a totally different story. I don't know what her personality is like but I can assume she's your typical "party" chick that likes to go clubbing and drinking. Dudes are definitely dumping their loads in her. I'd fuck her too, but I wouldn't ever date a "party" or "club" chick. Not really my scene and those chicks almost always have tons of casual sex regardless of whatever cope they might say otherwise.
Do you really think that's an average body? Lol
What do you think is an average body then?
Yes. You've either melted your brain cells with porn or are on social media way too much if you think the average woman doesn't have a similar body type.
So you think picrel looks good?
We aren't talking about what I think looks good. We're talking about averages. What I think looks good and what the average woman looks like are two different topics anon.
I am a 330lb man so I can't say much. These girls look good to me.
