When did you hit the worst point of your life anons ?
Im about to after I cum to your image, op
Probably when I was about 20, been slowly getting better ever since.
yesterday, i realized that no matter how hard i try to improve my looks i have no confidence and i'm only 5'10. those combined have destroyed any chance i'll ever have at getting with a woman i find attractive. i hate that social situations intimidate me and i know competing men take advantage of that and i hate it so goddamn much, i couldn't even sleep i'm still up and it's 8am. Really considering suicide honestly
reddit screencap
inb4 anoher redditor accuses me of being a redditor
yes
I think it was when I was 15 I was having been suicidal thoughts but it made me angry because I thought I was weak so instead of killing myself I went out and killed a homeless man I felt powerful like a God It changed everything I no longer feel weak I feel superiod and people look like bugs now
I think I have been in it ever since 2004-05.
The absolute worst moments being the deaths of my parents.
The only good time in my adult life was the blessed Lockdown.
I just want to die in my sleep already.
only 5ft 10in
Thats tall. There are women attracted to heights closer to theirs if youre worried about that. Some sex positions are difficult if theres a large height gap and things are generally comfortable with partners closer in height. Also a short woman cant tell the difference between 5 10 and 6ft. she cant even see the top of yalls heads. Not encouraging lying about height but I promise you way too many people on the site make such a huge deal about it when its genuinely trivial.
no matter how hard i try to improve my looks i have no confidence
Bluntly youre not trying hard enough if you arent tackling the root issue. Youve got this anon, confidence would look great on you and would do so much for your life. The fight isnt over.
5th year NEETing. Out of shape, highschool dropout, barely any social contact. Basically ready to give up at that point.
27th of April 2023
I think I've been in it since I was 16
25 now and nothing about my life has changed
No job, no friends, live with mom, still khhv
when i crashed my car while drunk driving.
such a piece of shit move and fucked my life.
Only reason it isn't right fucking now is because I'm currently NEETing. The worst NEET day is still better than the best wageslave day.
So it'd be sometime in 2021 when I was stocking shelves at a grocery store and thinking about suicide every day.
How rare is it to be like us? I am in the exact same situation. I noticed a year or 2 there was some hope for redemption but after a certain period there's a drop off point where mental collapse becomes so bad you can't lift yourself up. At that point you need help.
OP thinking it can't get worse
Ah so innocent
If you're going to shit up the board with reddit screencaps atleast drop the @
How rare is it to be like us?
I don't know, even on here it seems like everyone has their shit much more together 
The conditions that lead me here aren't rare but maybe other people are just stronger
people keep dying stop doing that
Every day of my life is another new shit chapter
I hit it a couple times so I guess the lowest and worst point would be
early 2022 to mid 2022
