what do women generally think about 4chan ? Should I tell a girl im interested in that I come here (frequently by the way) or is 4chan an automatic "le incel" brand andd i should never bring it up ?
Giving her fair warning is a good idea
depends on the woman and how brainwashed she is by social media stereotypes. it's like how i don't tell men i use tumblr if i think they're automatically gonna assume that means i'm a "le triggered feminist"
This isn't 2007 anymore, bro. This is just another stop on the social-media click train. 4chan culture already spread to the rest of the internet long ago. The only unique thing here is the lack of censorship and of course the /pol/ (stormfront) culture, which is just the Klan online.
No. Jesus. Tell her that you are at 4channel. Then she sees only the blue boards and don't instantly thinks you're a nazi psycho.
Browsing 4chan is a red flag to girls, but not always a deal-breaker. Kind of like felonies.
The average femail will immediately assume you're a serial killing necrophiliac pedophile if you admit to using 4chan so just don't bring it up around women for any reason unless you're trying to scare them off on purpose.
I somehow doubt the klan wants to cum inside Rainbow Dash.
I mean, I personally think it adds a bit of spice to your personality, that you do 4chan. Especially if you don't do the other social media, there are a lot of good reasons for a person to be on this website over the other ones. The media is less "Jewish" here for a lack of a better word. You aren't being manipulated with updoots or getting force-fed shit with an algorithm. What you see is what you get here, which is a precious trait long lost everywhere else on the internet. This refuse of a website is the last shining bastion of the old world before everything changed. By necessity, this is where all the decrepit scum of the world gather since there's nowhere else for them to live, so 4chan is a red flag, but it's also a sign of you being more of a free thinker, or at least someone who isn't fucked in the head the same way everybody else is.
so what do the fags on here who claim to have gfs do? just hide the fact that they visit 4chan ?
She's probably just going to think you're some Nazi faggot lmao
I think you'd be quite surprised. All of these autists kind of lump together.
I'd post a nazi pony but out of all the shit we can show, a fucking horse is off limits. So here's Jesus getting rimmed by the devil because fuck that rule.
you never tell anyone that you browse the chinz.
imagine if you saw the kind of pictures and posts made here for the first time as an adult and not an edgy teenager.
prob nothing that important
it def won't make you look cool but it won't ruin everything
might be an ick for some girls
