Day 823 of manifesting a nagatoro gf
I've talked to at lest half a dozen women in the past 2 or so years, giving each some time (up to 3 months) so we can get to know eachother. Nothing is happening. Most women don't even like me thay way and I end up basically cucked so I just kinda slowly cut them off since there's no real reason to deal with their shortcomings if they clearly don't care about me
i get compared to nagatoro a lot and i love the manga so much (have collected it even)
my thing is that im a switch but i prefer dominant guys mostly whoops who can play along with my playfulness
You are a man though.
You sound fucking pathetic. Stop basing your life around asian children's media.
I am more ""dominant"" now than I used to be when I started. I'm not really that submissive at all anymore. I've always found that dom sub dynamics were always super gay and most people are just normal or gimped in some way shape or form. I mean in the bed its different and makes sense but in an actual relationship outside of that its kinda lame. At this point I'd would like a girl I can bant with that doesnt also act like a middle schooler edgelord
t. past, present, or future victim of 3DPD infidelity
day whatever of manifesting nothing at all
You sound fucking pathetic. Stop basing your life around asian children's media.
Op eternally btfo. Also you shouldn't expect women to escalate or make the first move. 90+% of women are sexually submissive, so they want to be led and have the guy take the initiative, feel wanted etc. You have a female mentality and that's why you fail, you want them to take the lead, but you probably aren't attractive enough to attract a dom woman since htey have their pick of the litter since effeminate men are a dime a dozen nowadays. Basically you need to unfuck your mind, stop watching tranime, and start thinking like a man instead of a disney princess waiting for her prince to come fuck her brains out
Post about making the first move multiple times to no avail
"OP BTFO YOU'RE SUBMISSIVE"
Shut up you stupid nigger. I'll consider taking your advice if you post your girlfriend's hot flapjack titties. I'm not a pushover faggot, women just don't connect with me.
