Got handed shrooms today by some random couple on the street. Any advice before taking some? I've never done any psychedelics before.
I'm not deeply knowledgeable about this, but I'd say the essential thing to do would be to buy a test kit to check what you have, and if it's laced with anything and stuff like that. Other than that, just go over the basics of doing psychedelics, like set and setting, and maybe having a sitter if you could, specially if you want to do a higher dose. Also knowing how much you're taking, and doing a proper dosage in accordance with what kind of experience you want is important. Anyways, good luck.
I'm just gonna take em I don't have a test kit
That's why I said buy a test kit, I didn't assume you already have one. I think it's not a good idea to take it blind like that, unless for some reason you are pretty confident it's safe and really whatever they told you it is? Regardless, you should look into how to measure a proper dose, otherwise you might trip way too hard, specially considering it's your first time.
They said they weren't laced they seemed pretty chill.
I personally wouldnt ingest something that isnt from a reputable source
just stay at home listen to some music maybe get some stuff for writing out your experience, get trippy visuals on youtube, try upbeat happy music or whatever suits you, and have fun
great idea, dude. take drugs given to you by someone you've never met
Ah yes, drug dealers, the most reputable of sources.
To be fair all the drugs I've gotten are from people I have never met
If you start feeling like you're having a bad trip just start working out randomly
DO THEM EARLY ENOUGH IN THE DAY. Did 4.5 g as the sun was setting, so most of my trip was in the dark of night and I didn't like it. It felt like the sun would never rise again.
You'll know you're on mushrooms even as you're under their effect. (Although, in my case I started doubting physical reality was real to begin with. An ape ingesting mushrooms and getting visions? What nonsense!) Anyway, where I was going with that is that mushrooms amplify your feelings, but reduce your sense of self (or continuity). Use it to your advantage. If something starts feeling bad, keep in mind that it's exagerated and try to switch to something that would make you feel better. You'll be able to as your context window is much shorter.
https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxcKMliHYel0iuVnoIyxJEl-RRMV7iNQWY
I took a gram and I don't feel anything yet
It takes 20-40 min to kick in. If you had food prior, the effects will be slower and lower. The whole thing should take 6-8 hours.
Also, the effects come in waves,
This man knows. If you aren't having a good time, the best thing you can do is get out in sunlight. If that can't work, put on some good music. Other things that are really worth doing: taking a bath, taking a walk (away from people ideally), drawing or painting, writing, eating fresh fruit, examining things you normally wouldn't look twice at. 
To be totally honest, once the mushrooms have you they will take you where they want you to go. The best thing you can do is go with the flow and try not to fight it.
A gram is quite a low dose. You may find the effects are pretty marginal. Smart to start there though.
my advice is to have some sort of coping strategy for anxiety on hand (i.e. something you KNOW relieves anxiety - an activity, another drug/alcohol ,etc) just in case it gets too much. Personally for me it's jacking off to hardcore german gangbang porn. Also DO NOT take shrooms if you are feeling bad, depressed, anxious, and do not take shrooms without a plan for the whole time. I don't mean you need to micromanage everything but just have a set out situation where you know where you're going to sleep that night, a safe place to be, an activity to do (even stationary like watching tv). As in, don't just go in a foreign city and take it without already booking a hotel for the night, etc. I don't want to freak you out but from personal experience shroom trips can be absolute fucking horrorshow if you you're not careful.
I tried programming a death inventory system in RPG Maker 3 where activating a tombstone would unlock the second tombstone with items in it but I can't remember how I was trying to code resurrecting in the graveyard after death. But going to each tombstone would teleport to an area after giving your items and you would complete the area to unlock the next tombstone portal. It didn't work and it ruined my experience, so I jerked off my big dick and was reminded that am a systemic algebra failure so jacking off is called "strangling my cosine" and for the next year and a half I thought I killed my cousin after dropping acid
Don't take drugs from random people on the street, anon.
Hope they're sprayed with rat poison
Just put on a chill ambient/guitar playlist with light vocals and chill on your porch. 1.5gs will make you light and buzzy, 2.5g a little bit of a headspace, 3.5gs will give you visuals and anything over 4gs you will trip.
The first time I took shrooms I ate about eight grams and me and my best friend went out kayaking. Watched the trees bend around me to form faces, felt like nature was observing my state of being. Fun stuff.
Whatever you do, don't answer the knocking at the door. It's not your neighbor.
they are great for long term depression treatment
just take them on a empty stomach and enjoy. dont drive and if ur a introvert stay inside. i always jsut lie in bed during mushrooms, i hate them, they are such a nightmare for me, but some people like them. they are not addictive
just make sure you have real magic mushrooms and i dont see why you shouldnt take it. post pictures so some mushrooms expert can judge it
It's too late I already ate them
Let us know how it goes bro. Here's some cool art
Be sure to stay relatively hydrated, and if they start to make you feel a little nauseous nibble on some bread or crackers slowly. If you feel yourself getting anxious try pacing your breathing and repeating calming mantras like "this is temporary" "I am fine" etc.
But have fun and be safe
I still don't feel anything after 1.5 grams maybe they were a dud
I still have a bit left though
I turned 3 grams of it into a tea. I will have some of that and report back here in an hour if the thread is still up.
Yup, I'm here as your friendly trip advisor.
Tea is a lot gentler on the stomach, hope you have a good time
I don't feel anything meh
Might have been duds. Smoke some weed if you have it. Also just might be a delayed reaction so buckle in regardless.
Did you boil them or something? Were they mushrooms or truffles?
ALL IN GO ALL IN
Legit, wholeheartedly agree
Okay I'll eat the rest of the bag then
Stop taking lithium if you happen to be taking it. Lithium tends to have bad interactions with psychedelics. Phenibut is decently effective at reducing bad trips.
1) Check you don't have some bullshit
2) Get a trip sitter
Take them on empty stomach and no alcohol. Might make you vomit on the come up. Remember to drink water (fill a big bottle and keep nearby cuz u gonna forget) and have fun. If panic remember it's gonna finish soon.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YOU RETARD IT TAKES A WHILE TO STAAAAAAAART I DID THIS THEN ACCIDENTELY DID A HEROIC DOSE AND IT WAS INSANE
How long does it take?... is 6 grams too much
I feel fine right now. Just very giggly. I'm watching guardians of the galaxy 2.
throw them down the garbage bin and meditate instead
Oh I'm not in time
Oh well, whatever, enjoy mediocrity, OP
Go drink some herbal tea and update your blog
Post pictures of the shrooms to prove this isn't a LARP. Otherwise this is a LARP.
Why would I larp about something so boring are you retarded
yup youre tripping major balls rn
Sounds fun fella, glad it was a good experience
