Any other femboys here hate trannies? I really fucking hate trannies man. They piss me off in a lot of ways, and hate how a lot of people lump us femboys in with those nutjobs
don't hate us for finding a solution to twinkdeath
I hate you for being delusional retards who castrate children in the name of social justice
some children want to be castrated
so if i hate the way my body is becoming i should just let it get worse i suppose
How do you not recognize what you are saying is batshit insane? Thankfully you won't have kids to fuck up yourself.
Please prove you are a femboy by infographics.
A skinny twink will age better than someone with a male body trying to redistribute fat in a way where it is not meant to be and will have disgusting flat gynecomastia moobs. Cope. Men age better than women in the first place, let alone a hormonal wreckage of a man.
why is he in a Starfleet uniform though?
Trekpu is a valued member of Starfleet
will age better but as a man. i don't want that. i guess i can't expect u to call me a she or whatever but why shouldn't i take action to be able to be happy and why should u hate me for wanting to be happy
Your happiness involves pushing drugs onto kids that will make them infertile for the rest of their lives. If you're against this, then you should speak out against it. Most trannies don't, and the ones that do are often shunned by the majority of trannies. Also don't even get me started about the hissyfits they throw over "misgendering". If you have the right to take hrt and turn yourself into Frankenstein's monster, then I have the right to say that you're still a man. That's not oppression, that's not a human rights violation, that's not something that warrants losing one's job over
I don't hate trannies and I don't understand why you hate trannies when you're nearly as perverse as they are. 
I don't think all trans people are for that. I think that's a vocal minority, I may be wrong but it seems like most trans people just want to be able to transition themselves and aren't advocates and if they are advocates it's more against anti trans hate rather than advocating for others to become trans. Now, of course we all know that there are psychos who want to mutilate little kids. I'm not minimizing that, I genuinely think most people aren't for that.
i don't see any problem with kids recieving medication that has been shown numerous times to improve their life, but even if i did i don't see what you want me to do about it. 
as for the second point ig i can't really expect you to call me a she if i don't pass in the slightest, but if i did pass as a woman in every aspect it would be weird to keep calling me a he
also idrc about the debate on trans kids because as i said i dont rlly have a say on that
I've fucked both femboys and trannies. I would much rather chill out socially with a femboy than a tranny. No doubt.
In regards to sex femboys don't get all dysphoric and upset when you touch their dicks, they actually appreciate it unlike the troon menace.
I'm sorry boyo but the HRT really is making me that much fucking better even thought I literally look like an old twink with chests and you couldn't make me feel any different about it, find your own cope I don't care.
I thought he was just another redshirt
