Apparently 30% of young women are virgins and this is a stat from the US which is ultra promiscous, so where are threse virgin women and why can't I find them?
I've busted 2 hymens so it's definitely not impossible.
Not sure why you all care about it (isn't much different from fucking a non-virgin) but it's doable.
yes i do exist
no you do not skank
This is bait isn't it? Where did you find these virgins?
Why are you a virgin and do you go on any dating apps? Where do female virgins congregate?
im a virgin because i dont trust most men and dont want to lose my virginity to some random person. unironically saving myself for the right person. ive never been on dating apps and most of my girl friends arent virgins
Not bait.
First one was a 16 year old girl I grew up with and also lost my own virginity to at the same age as her.
Second was a fat chick I fucked in the back of my ford expedition when I was in college.
be real u are not a virgin. fucking guys and regretting it doesnt make ur virginity come back
Virgin women don't give their virginity to virgin men so there's really no point
literally not one man on this entire planet has seen me naked
i just highly doubt that
That's nice to hear. Would you want to wait for marriage? Would you date another virgin?
"Virgin" doesnt mean anything. Ive talked to girls who were "virgin" and they all had sucked cock, swallowed cum, sent nudes and got naked on cam. One even had been ducked in the ass. Dating is cucked. Be a man and buy a child bride from afghanistan or just fuck and dump white hoes
id probably not wait for marriage because i think physically intimacy is important in a succesfull relationship. i would date another virgin, i would prefer that
So they weren't actual virgins? Also no I'm not gonna do either of those last two things. My ideal partner is a femcel NEET who has 0 life skills and is a total shut in who is slightly older then me.
Based, me too and also I was raised in a household where dating and romance wasn't allowed growing up. Never went out by myself.
Age, country and religion?
Jesus christ, can we please not turn this into another simping femaleposter interview thread?
its okay anon, im not looking for anyone rn anyways
Yes I exist (he doesn't know that I'm so autistic I have to be cared for until I die)
What does this mean? I doubt you're too autistic to be a housewife.
Meant for >>73115169
Origo
Nta but i busted 2 hymens too, no blood each time. First one was a 15yo girl and second one was a 17yo albanian girl with big titties. God these were the times.
I can't be trusted to take care of myself like I'm trying really hard but I still can't figure stuff out
Like you can't work or you have to be under surveilance 24/7?
How are you messing anything up? None of it should be hard. Are you a low-functioning autistic or a sperg?
I just have to be reminded to do everything like I don't know why but I don't remember to eat or take showers or put actual clothes on I don't even know how I would do if I tried to get a job but I can still do all those things I just need someone to tell me what I need to do also I just cannot deal with problems so I need someone who will fix stuff for me
I mean I literally said I was autistic you don't have to be mean about it
I'm curious as well. Obviously virgins exist, but the question is mainly whether legal virgins exist. I just played an old eroge where most of the 20-something cast were virgins, when I'm pretty sure that nowadays by the time a girl's 18 she's fucked 2 guys at least.
Would a wirtten schedule help or do you need someone to actually tell you? Is this a fixable problem(through therapy or meds)? Do you think you could be a mom? I can say I wouldn't mind dating someone like this, having people rely on me makes me happy.
Oh man, tell me more please.
What kind of "problems" do you have a problem with?
You can't solve an equation?
How about a puzzle?
You'll have to find a pretty selfless guy if you really want "the one".
Unironically I have considered going on autist online dating sites.
I wonder if it'd work.
Its only those 3 questions. Im trying to do anything or i wouldve asked for your snap instead. Answer pls
18, uk, not religious
We try schedules a lot but I always end up forgetting about them too. I don't plan on ever being a mom or having a boyfriend or something I'm okay without it I don't even know what I would do for a boyfriend let him watch me play video games?
Stop please I just want to talk
Council estate slag confirmed
My ex was autistic. She had einstein level iq and basically lived on her own since she was 15. The autism spectrum is weird
you don't have to be mean about it
I'm not being mean about it, I don't understand what you could have a problem with.
Play together, cuddle, kiss, go on dates and have sex? Do you think medication would help? Do you have any clue why you are so forgetful?
The likelihood of meeting a virgin is low, dating one is even lower. Most likely none of us will get a virgin if we can, women are losing their virginity before they graduate. The small town christian archetype is dying out unfortunately, but if you can you are blessed imo
Not opposed to this per-se, but you should know what you're getting yourself into
Virgin girls? Maybe but highly improbable. Virgin women? Definitely not.
A virgin girl wanted me to take hers a couple of months ago but I refused because she was a fucking weird nerd (not ugly or anything though). I also know a bunch of virgin women irl, they're not that uncommon, just not on tinder
funny how that works
LMFAO
this thread is gold.
No really answer the question please.
You make me laugh because I think it's cute, I'm not making fun of you. It's not your fault you're autistic eh.
So what kind of problems do you have a problem with?
Do you even go outside? There are tons of virgin women now. If you watched porn before dont waste your time though, you are not going to be boyfriend material.
If thirty percent only are virgins why are so many kids not virgins? This number seems dangerously low and worries me for reasons beyond the I want a virgin wife thing. What the fuck
Surely you've spaced out thinking about other things before and had someone call your name, but you didn't register it. It's not like you heard your name being called and ignored it, you just didn't notice that someone was trying to talk to you.
Imagine that spaced out haze where you're unaware of the world/problems around you, except it's all the time. Unless it's immediately in your focus or blocking your line of sight it simply doesn't register. It's not that you noticed it and ignored it, the noticing never happened in the first place.
How can you fix what you don't even notice? That's what the problem is. She doesn't notice big problems the same way you might not notice a single wrinkle in your shirt or couple hairs pointing out in an asymmetrical direction.
Tribesmen? Village whore? You do realize this is a child im talking about. In muslim countries girls cant have sex unless theyre married or sold to marriage. Because of their culture and religion parents will make sure she stays pure
I met a girl who sounded similar to her online. It was a surreal experience, I was invited over to play video games together and she just sat and played the Sims literally for hours, totally zoned out, even though I had brought some new shit she seemed interested in trying. I was fascinated, just sat there and waited to see what would happen. It's like she had completely forgotten that she had invited me over and that I didn't exist. Meanwhile her grandmother is in the room and is basically watching me the whole time, also saying nothing, but always watching.
About two hours in she just announces that she's hungry, gets up and recognizes that I exist. I couldn't just sit there in awkward silence with the grandmother, so I followed her to the kitchen. She assembles a peanut butter (no jelly) sandwich, puts everything away and starts eating it. I just sit there, it's back to that spaced out haze where I don't exist. It simply didn't register in her head that if food is happening it should be offered to a guest, and that it would be totally inappropriate for me to just start dishing something up myself.
I was able to redirect her to setting up the game I brought to her room. She starts playing, I sit next to her. Can't catch a read on what the correct social response is. If I say something she doesn't hear it or respond to it. I try to give a tip or explain something and no response. If I put an arm around her there's zero reaction, just completely focused on this new game and nothing else exists.
She's probably not quite that bad, but it's probably a lot of the same kind of thing. Nothing really bothers her, nothing gets noticed or is considered worthy of immediate attention. Take all the fine details you don't notice in life and expand that feeling to include all the most basic things needed to function, like buying food. I'm convinced that if the food wasn't there she would basically go "oh, I guess I'm not eating then."
You have been muted for two seconds
One of you guys probably could have tricked that sperg into being your sexdoll but you guys started making fun of her immediately what a bunch of dumbasses
This is actually true... But they're *all* under 21.
I am. But I'm introvert, aspie, overweight, sick and with low interest in sex and high romantic standards, so that's was not so hard to stay virgin.
they exist, but certainly not on tinder, social networks and generally places where normies congregate. they live fairly invisible mode lives, which is why they are virgins in the first place.
my gf was a virgin before me at 20, spends most of her days inside reading about STEM topics and computer science. its not really possible to *meet* her by chance. unless you are in her university class (but even for lectures, she avoids visiting them in presence) or she goes out of her way to meet someone.
I won't stop caring even if that happens. Most men don't they just lie about it.
There aren't many.
30% of women aged 18-24
another day on nu/r9k/
That sucks, I've tried to date locally but every woman I met who was interested in me was a single mom or escorted instead of working.
What sickness? How overweight? A little chub is cute but not if you're obese. What are the high romantic standards? Also would you not have sex with your bf?
What sickness? 
I got an injection that caused a lot of damage. My heart is not working well, so I have to lay down most of the time, I have constant pain in my body, I have problems reading and focusing, and the skin all over my body has some kind of neurodermatitis, what makes me quite ugly.
How overweight?
Well, it's still in the area of chubby. I hope.
What are the high romantic standards?
I would need to be in love with a man to start something. Just attraction is not enough. I want to have something serious and get married.
If I love him, and believe him that he loves me, I would.
Im sure they, but it's just so difficult to take people's word for it these days.
Did you not go to get checked out by the doctor? That sucks though was it the covid vaccine? I also got the first two but I ended up being fine.
would need to be in love with a man to start something. Just attraction is not enough. I want to have something serious and get married.
I feel the same way about it.
Do you think you would enjoy it? Would you just do normal missionairy or would you try to do stuff he wants(different positions, oral, anal, fetish stuff etc.)?
That sucks though was it the covid vaccine? 
Well, yes.
get checked out by the doctor
A lot alredy. They don't know how to handle it.
Do you think you would enjoy it? 
I don't know. I guess, when its "love making" ...
lol, I don't comment on that now.
Makima fan art sucks so much lol
Her literal main appeal was being only lightly sexualized and wearing heavy clothes but you niggers don't get it at all
Kyd
NTA but that's a smart move. How would people with no sexual history know what out-of-the-ordinary acts they would enjoy doing with a partner? All of that is just idealization and daydreaming until you do it and realize it's not what you've imagined it.
Those don't exist.
Those conditions only exist for men.
I didn't ask if she would enjoy anal or fetish sex I asked if she would try it if her bf asked.
Okay, that makes somewhat more sense, but it's still up in the air as she wouldn't know exactly how the chemistry would be between her and a partner she likely doesn't know yet.
I am and 90% of my girl friends or girls I know are virgins I live in Eastern Europe so must of us here are still virgins lol.
I'm also in eastern europe but I haven't been able to meet any virgin women. Maybe it's just where I live?
I live close to eastern europe, and as I have seen the women from there are conservatives or real sluts. Not much in between.
that weird. I live in the capital and most of us are virgins , I only like 1-2 who aren't but from their case they are heavily alcoholic and junkies since they were teenagers :/
im a virgin but i would never fuck, date or settle for any moid from this board, even if the future of humanity depended on it
In school that's literally how it works. I fucked picrel when she was 15 and a virgin, lost mine to hers too. Every single girl in our class had lost their virginities by the time they hit 17 or 18 at most. So unless you fucked while still in HS your chances of ever fucking a virgin, let alone have a relationship with one, in a natural environment are really fucking low. Which is why there are so many guys going for foreign wives or autistic online girls, which sounds really unappealing lol.
sounds like a sound strategy girl.
if i looked like this korean actor
the world would be so easy for me
all the pretty and cute girls would have treated me well
as a unhandsome south korean boy, girls have never been nice to me i think
but i have often seen how comfy my good-looking male friends around me live
This is what all the raicebaiters don't get. It's not that women love white men, or black men, or asian men - women love ATTRACTIVE men. The race doesn't matter. An attractive man is always attractive, and an unattractive man is always unattractive, no matter what race.
yes
and i don't think there's lord
if there was lord, he wouldn't put a difference in looks when he created human beings, so that someone would suffer and someone would live in happiness
Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.
How about you make an exception for me?
What's unappealing about foreign/aspie girls? Aspie femcels are the cutest.
okay so this might be a little harsh but, yeah bro they are cute to you, but to me they're unappealing because...aspies? My entire personality is an aspie's worst nightmare, I love partying and clubbing and big crowds. I work in nightclubs and do music. I can't stand shut-ins.
Now femcels, sheesh. I wouldn't touch incels with a 10 foot pole if I was a woman, so being a man, I wouldn't see femcels as romantically or sexually viable partners, we're just too different.
I'm sure for the myriad of guys in this board an aspie shut in virgin girl that has zero friends is probably the dream girlfriend but that sounds like torture to me lol. I wouldn't date a shy girl, let alone a mentally ill shy girl.
i really need to finish prunus girl
Why the fuck are you on this board though
b gets a little repetitive sometimes and I thought the board's gimmick would pave way for more interesting or funny posts but it kinda looks like it's offshoots of 'tfw no gf' and not much else lol. Also I helped one robot with getting laid so I think a diferring view might give some of you at least some perspective or maybe even help.
even if that was the case, which it isn't, help is still help lol.
I'm nearly 25 and I haven't even look a girl in the eye before. Give it to me straight doc, is it over for me?
33 and still a virgin, spent my cute years pining for an online LDR thing and then got old enough that it was Weird to be a virgin and then Rona hit and now oops, super antique virgin + fat + autistic + no friends + no life outside of work and home
Congrats femanon you triggered the racebait spammer kek
Where are you from? How long have you had no friends? What do you do for work?
born again virgins do not count
My GF was. She almost got wizard status, but we met when she was 29. Almost stereotypical femcel except she used reddit instead of any image boards. Popped her cherry and she was super embarrassed, even though she had admitted she was still a virgin previously.
Yikessssss
Lmfaoo. Holy shit i had not been made aware of those
found one on r9k, the other somewhere online but I manipulated my way into fucking her so it wasn't real
I agree even if my standards for men are low when it comes to lookism I would never take the risk who knows what mental illness I would pick up.
sheesh, it very well might be bro... If you were from my city I'm certain I could get you laid in say uh...1 month of work. 2 months tops. That's what I did for the robot I met here a while ago.
None of those were virgin.
Virgin means never having had sex. Not just piv sex.
NTA but agree, the moids on here are actually scum. I just enjoy leading them on, saving their selfies and dickpics for potential blackmail purposes, then ghosting them.
I hate you faggots
oregano
where are threse virgin women
Out getting fucked by some random dude right after they answered that survey
because they don't exist after answering the survey
Honestly not my type of thing I wouldn't do that but you live your life sis, I can't judge.
You should try it sometime. I have a pretty big folder. One day, I might just leak all of them for fun.
Non-troon 20 year old virgin who's never been in a single relationship here. I think it's probably hard to find virgin women since we don't get out much. Think of what you do all day, that's what your female counterpart does too. Except there's more fanfiction writing involved.
Not and never have been a feminist. Though I do think guys could maybe benefit from genuinely good female role models (not the snarky, lecturey, misandrist type kikewood loves, like actually kind women who show empathy and appreciate you and respect men and show both sexes have their own good traits and flaws, that type of thing) because it is a shame that the type of guy I wish I could hang out with assumes all women are either roastie whores or radical feminists who want to cut their nutsacks off. Something that really pisses me off, is when something bad about women is pointed out, instead of refuting it or anything, feminists just go "YEAH SO WHAT? [insert horrible thing] IS ACTUALLY EMPOWERING AF". Like no, abortion is a really shitty thing and I'm sure most women don't take it as lightly nor treat it like a human right as the vocal social media tards do. Same for other stuff they smear the whole sex with, like onlyfans whoredom.
Don't have chad standards, just want a guy who won't freak out over racist jokes (hard mode in this cucked country) and who wouldn't mind extensive animation and vidya sperging. Grew up quite oblivious to normie standards since I didn't socialize much, so none of the stuff you guys worry about like height, baldness or fancy cars bother me at all.
I hope this post doesn't come across as "me me me" narcissistic, the point I'm hoping to make is lots of women who are the same way exist too, but the only ones you hear about are absolute degenerates who brag about aborting their babies and cheating eight times in one night on their loving, devoted bf, because they get given the biggest platform. I just hope this is a whitepill.
What cucked country are you in, femanon?
Jesus. End your life you dumb sperg.
You sound like a nice person femanon. Pls be in 
L O N D O N
O
N
D
O
N
Sigh. This explains why you sound like such a dumb underage pickme. I suggest dating some of the short balding degenerates on this board so you can grow out of your cringe NLOG era and begin your based radfem arc.
Heh this might be a bait or whatever but I'll shoot my shot. Gotta roll the dices in life right?
I haven't been on /r9/k in like 8 months until tonight so if I do get a gf out of this, it would definitely be fate...
Alright here goes
I'm 21 yo, uni student, Canada. I work part time and have enough money to enjoy my hobbies but I'm not a big spender by any means (probably why I have zero debt)
I'm 5'8, white, light brown hair and green eyes. I've been told I look rather youthful which I take as a compliment. Never been in a relationship because im shy and I'm a bit autistic.
My main objective is double-sided.
Firstly, I want romance. I want to be able to truly love a girl, to never even glance at another woman again and to devote myself to her and make her feel special. I want to court her. I want to have a partner I can trust, truly love and grow old with.
Secondly, my limited experience with women as kinda exhausted me on them. All the scheming, the surface-level appreciation of anything, the fakeness. I want a girl I can talk to like a buddy. A girl I can affectionately call retarded and etc. Racist jokes and the likes are welcome.
Main hobbies are vidya, history, kino and posting on the internet.
Contact info is the following discord: Farouche#1930. I'd like to talk and see if we would match and go from there. Maybe we will, maybe we won't. I don't want to promise anything because I do value the concept of a first gf and want to make sure its someone special.
If I never hear from you or anyone, thats okay. I see this as scratching a lottery ticket (which I never do irl because its a scam, ironically) and maybe since its my first time on r9k in 8 months theres a reason I saw this post. Maybe.
Are you actually racist or?
May I show you mine to add to your collection?
Nah, I don't like interacting with men when they know I'm a woman. I would only want to talk to women from here.
