My dad might be dying, my mom is disabled and i'm a 31 year old loser neet. I've been having panic and anxiety attacks constantly through the past 2 weeks while my dad is suffering through the ICU still trying to wake him up. i don't know what to do i cant even fucking drive or anything fuck fuck someone please help please save my dad i cant take this anymore
your dad will soon burn in hell
i dont want him to die man i really don't
I'm no professional nor do I know anything about you, but I have a feeling the attacks you get are a signal that you should pull your shit together, come up with a plan and execute it so you can support yourself and your mother.
I know it's not help but I think it's the most sympathy you can get on 4chan.
cant avoid it satan is already within arm reach of him and he will be in pain for eternity you know
i'm trying to formulate plans man but it just makes everything worse theres just so much shit and i'm too stupid to actually formulate them
you need to man up, go sit beside him and talk to him. Doesn't matter what you say, you just need to do it. Time is running out and you will never get an opportunity to do this again, so take it. Pray by his bedside too
the best you can do is offer your blood if you want to see your dad alive and well
first you have to pull your shit together. If you just want to go 'waaa waaa please help me I can't do anything' you can seek more sympathy on reddit.
i cant even sit beside him this all happened when he was visiting him mom in a different state
Your parents are to blame for your shitty incel life, fuck 'em. Once the will is signed and you have executive power tell the bastards what you think of them.
Verification not required
no they're not its not their fault that i have a anxiety disorder and a 90 iq
Your personality/intelligence is due to 2 factors - nature and nurture. Nature is their genes and entirely their fault nurture refers to the way you were raised, also their fault! They shit you out and look at you now, fuck them and if you are too weak to see what they have done to you fuck you too.
just get a job at walmart they pay like $10 an hour or something. its not much but you'll be able to contribute to your mom. take a bus or have her drop you off. just give most of it to her and help her out. simple as.
Dying how?
anxiety disorder
90 iq
That actually is their fault. They clearly toxified your body and deprived you of nutrients. You have brain damage and nerve damage
I've been having panic and anxiety attacks constantly through the past 2 weeks while my dad is suffering through the ICU still trying to wake him up
You should try kissing him on the lips it works in stories
panic and anxiety attacks
I mean I'm not sure it's called an anxiety attack if your fear is completely valid.
Suppose your dad makes it are you going to continue on the sane trajectory?
Maybey reach out to your relatives to see if they can make travel arrangements.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIuqVjPvN6k&amp;t=6s [Embed] If you are saved God will hear your prayers, if you pray with faith, surely He will oblige you.
James 5:15
15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.
Just go out and get a job at McDonald's nigga. It will atleast kill the shy and anxiety you have.
My dad might be dying
Lmao. Good. He fucked around and found out
i'm too stupid
The apple don't fall far from the tree. You could've did something about this but yet you choose to be just like retard daddy
If you need a job to support yourself be a dishwasher.
Not hard to get that job , the work isn't complicated and you don't have to interact with people.
Keep your world small man
you must give your own life force to save your father. Its the only way to save him. If you truly love him you'll atleast try it
