If i go to the beach and swim as far as i can until i'm tired, and then let myself drown at the bottom of the sea, isn't it a very good method to suicide ? I've heard people who experienced NDE by drowning said it wasn't painful at all.
I'm tired of living this scam life in a restrained weak avatar. I should have killed myself a year ago.
The only thing i regret is not being able to follow the evolution of technology, I'm really curious about it. I wonder if in decades there will be true isekai games like SAO available.
Just use a gun. Can't get a gun? Tall building or fast train. Too chickenshit for these suggestions? Keep struggling, struggler.
False. You are very wrong, wronger.
Wrong for suggesting 3 of the most successful and painless suicide methods
???
what about covering yourself in gasoline and start burning? how lethal would that be?
You'd certainly die if no one extinguished the flames, but it would be a long and excruciatingly painful death.
I can't get a gun in my country
I don't want to mutilate my brain like that anyway
Wants to die
Cares about how the corpse looks
lol. Just stay alive bud, you aren't about it.
I have esoteric beliefs and it isn't worth and too long to explain here, also you wouldn't get it because most of you are low iq apes.
Yeah bro I'm sure you're a real tortured genius. I'm sure you, a depressed shitposter, have achieved some earthshattering revelations that are logical and in no way schizo babble nonsense. Good luck with your life.
if you want to drown its better to get a boat, drive way further than you'd be able to swim and jump overboard with a bunch of chains and weights strapped to you.
if you go for a swim you'll likely change your mind on the swim out and even if you dont you'll float if you manage to dive and breathe water. your floating body will be visible in daylight and probably wash ashore fairly quickly. imagine if you get rescued too quickly and survive with brain damage.
drowning doesn't hurt once you get past the breathing water thing.
but it becomes sort of like when they told people on death row who were executed by gas to take deep breaths. who the fuck does that. more likely you hold your breath and only breathing a little when you finally crack, making it much worse and painful.
He must subscribe to one of the sects that believes you are resurrected into your own body at the end of time / last judgment.
Yeah...it's just that goofy.
Its not painful but it is frightening. They had this woman with brain damage who could no longer experience fear. Had a gun pulled on her by a mugger and didn't flinch. Got in a car accident and felt nothing.
But the one thing that got to her was inhaling straight CO2 to simulate suffocating. There is some primitive part of the brain that instinctively goes into panic mode when you are suffocating. So if you want your final moments to be literally the most terrifying thing you've ever gone through then go for it.
also heard about her. she was missing her amygdalae glands so pretty much her entire life she had never felt panic or fear.
until she did the test with CO2 and she lost her shit at doses other people were able to breathe fine. she simply wasn't used to the sensation of fear.
